Schumacher said: "I think it's going to be a hard year, quite honestly.
"This is only the second of 18 races and we all know how quick development can be with some teams.
Schumacher said they were "really happy" with the progress made by tyre supplier Bridgestone, who have struggled in the Malaysian heat in the last two years.
"The difference we had compared to last year, specifically with our tyres - Bridgestone have done a superb job to compete in such extreme conditions," Schumacher said.
"I'm really happy with the way we fought our way back."
Montoya was encouraged by the performance of their Williams car, but refused to be too optimistic about mounting a season-long challenge to Ferrari.
The Colombian said: "The car needs a lot of work still. We don't want to be level with Ferrari, we want to be ahead of them.
"To be ahead we have to have a car that is consistent enough to win everywhere. They have the car to do that. We're close in places, but we still have to do a lot of work."
Ferrari technical director Ross Brawn said: "It was a great race. Being able to win here in some ways means more than Australia (where Ferrari dominated).
"Bridgestone have done a fantastic job when you realise how much we have struggled here in the past.
"It was a tough race. There were times when Montoya was pushing us and we couldn't respond, but luckily we were quick when we needed to be."
The Best Movie Ever: Sci-Fi Movies of the 21st Century
We live in the future. If you think about it, one of the most important and influential science fiction stories of all time is 2001: A Space Odyssey. We're over ten years past that, and over 30 years past George Orwell's greatly dreaded 1984. The whole of human knowledge is at your fingertips as you read this (so thank you for not reading that instead). Our phones talk to us. Video chatting is commonplace and there are robots on Mars. Artificial intelligence even seems right around the corner, as illustrated in Alex Garland's Ex Machina, a critically acclaimed sci-fi movie premiering in theaters this weekend.
So what has science fact done to our science fiction? That's what we're here to talk about in The Best Movie Ever: Sci-Fi Movies of the 21st Century! We've asked CraveOnline's film critics – William Bibbiani, Witney Seibold and Brian Formo – to pick just one science fiction film from the last 15 years to represent the genre in this young century. As usual, they couldn't agree on a single film.
Check out what films they selected, let us know your own favorites and come back next Wednesday for yet another highly debatable installment of CraveOnline's The Best Movie Ever!
Witney Seibold's Pick: Minority Report (2002)
I feel that Minority Report was a turning point for director Steven Spielberg. Although the famed pop auteur was already well-known for numerous, enormous blockbusters, and had already mastered deeper, more emotional territory with films like Schindler's List, their 2002 film was a brilliant attempt to deftly blend their rock-'em-sock'em action pictures with more cerebral, intellectual underpinnings. Minority Report, adapted from a story by cult figurehead Philip K. Dick and starring superstar Tom Cruise, takes place in a future where a trio of psychics (!) have been plugged into a machine by the local police for the purpose of predicting and preventing murders. The excellent script is meticulously plotted, dealing with several time frames, and the race against the clock to prevent a murder that has been predicted, a murder that the hero may have committed.
But beneath the excellent plotting, there is something more sinister at work. Throughout the course of the film, we (and an on-screen IA officer played by Colin Farrell) are constantly looking for loopholes, flaws in the system. We are kind of hoping that the pre-cognitives are fallible, and that our fates are not determined. But the film never lets us off that hook. The system, we find by the end of the film, is actually perfect the way it is (despite having to essentially keep three human beings in a constant near-vegetative state). Spielberg has constructed an excellent, intelligent action picture, but they are also elbowing us wickedly in the ribs, forcing us to acknowledge that the universe is essentially fatalistic. They never goes full-bore nihilist with us, but there's definitely something unsettling about the film's bigger themes.
This twist may serve as an antidote to most sci-fi time-travel and future-predicting stories. In Terminator 2: Judgment Day, James Cameron argued that there is no such thing as fate, and that we are masters of our destiny. The characters, then, are able to prevent war a war that seems determined (despite the paradox). Minority Report, however, says that there is fate and fate is all there is. It's a Calvinist sci-fi film. And yet, despite being trapped by fate, we are still masters in our own small way. And, on top of all this, we have a rollicking and excellently made chase film with severed eyes, evil robot spiders, and a fun scene where a car-making machine builds a car around Tom Cruise. Kudos.
William Bibbiani's Pick: Gamer (2009)
There are a lot of better movies than Gamer made in the last 15 years, and there are even better movies within the science fiction genre (see: Primer, Timecrimes and Source Code). But Gamer, more so than I would argue any other 21st century sci-fi movie, could only exist today. The technology may not have existed to make something like Inception or District 9 before, but the ideas were already out there.
Gamer, directed by Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor (insufferably crediting themselves as Neveldine/Taylor), expands on ideas that are so new that they still seem like science fiction, even when they already exist. Gaming is already a rapidly growing industry and medium, with sociological impacts that are still difficult to quantify. Is it changing the way we view our lives, and each other? What if the characters inside our games are real people, choosing or even being forced to submit to our control? Would we play games differently if someone actually died every time we fired our weapons, or would we abandon empathy altogether in favor of godlike control over a virtual reality that is rapidly becoming indistinguishable from our own?
In Gamer, Gerard Butler plays Kable, a convicted felon controlled by a teenaged gamer in a first-person shooter. Kable's wife, Angie (Amber Valetta), makes a living as – essentially – a Sim, living out a gamer's fantasies by proxy, even when the things she's forced to do shock or horrify them The science responsible for this particular fiction was invented by Ken Castle, an entrepreneur played with rambunctious glee by Michael C. Hall, and they have plans to use gamification to control the masses, just like every corporation is (to an admittedly different extent) already doing.
And these ideas that challenge the way we look at how new technologies are currently manipulating our daily lives are presented with wit, threat and exciting action sequences. Like many of the best sci-fi movies, they expand our minds while appealing to our guts. Gamer entertains in much the same way that RoboCop or Total Recall do: with crowd-pleasing violence and wicked satire, making the genuine and disturbing stories of the protagonists more palatable. Gamer broadly entertains as a way to ease us into thinking clearly about complex issues; issues that didn't even exist 20, 15 or even 10 years prior to its release. It's the best sci-fi movie of the 21st century because, at least in some respects, it is the 21st century.
Brian Formo's Pick: Under the Skin (2014)
Oh, I've written a lot about Under the Skin in the past year. It perched atop my year-end best films list, appeared close to the top of a film poster review write-up, and goddamn-actores-were-great-this-year! list. It even appeared yesterday(!) in the top quarter of our top 50 films of the decade list. So in terms of bests, what the hell else can it be after existing for only a brief amount time? Why, the best science-fiction made this century (so far), of course!
What makes Under the Skin the best science-fiction film of the past 16 years? Director Jonathan Glazer treats it as non-fiction and without science. We are shown the complete life cycle of an alien being (Scarlett Johansson). They have assumed a human form, and they have a task (to harvest men, whose insides are shipped off to somewhere) but we do not know why they have that task. Nothing is explained. In that way, Under the Skin is a blue collar alien film. We see ranchers, miners, lumberjacks, etc. toiling in the elements in a film and we never ask: why are they doing those tasks? For what purpose are they doing these things? It's unique to be asked to allow your brain to do that with another lifeform when it looks like a human.
Under the Skin is much more than that simple assessment—because the alien is in the body of one of the world's biggest celebrities—and no matter how many talk shows we see, and tweets we read, that breed of human is still alien to us. But at this point, I've said and analyzed so much of this film on CraveOnline that I just want people to experience it similar to how I did the first time: in the dark. All I knew is that they were an alien, and leaving that's all that I knew for sure. But I also knew that it was special, that Johansson is doing amazing work lately by exploring females who lack individual identities and attempt to get that (Her, Under the Skin, Don Jon), also that the score is amazing, and that there are lots of interesting possible meanings to unpack, discuss, and read after you've seen it. So please do.
Patriots and veterans are riding their motorcycles en masse to Washington D.C., prepared to assist in keeping the peace at the inauguration of President Donald Trump.
In an interview with Fox and Friends on Monday morning, the group's founder and chief organizer, Chris Cox, told show hosts that they plan to allow law enforcement to do their jobs to the fullest extent, but are also prepared to pitch in if necessary, explaining, “As patriots, we have to keep an eye on everybody, and we think Donald Trump would have us keep an eye on everybody.”
"As patriots, we have to keep an eye on everybody… " @BikersForTrump vows to defend Trump's inauguration pic.twitter.com/JEcpMav8pM — FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) January 16, 2017
Cox began the discussion by clarifying for viewers what a “biker” is, debunking the prototypical Hollywood depiction by pointing out that many are veterans, family-centric Americans from blue and white collar backgrounds, and Christians, such as Pastor Franklin Graham, a motorcycle enthusiast who rides from North Carolina to Alaska every year.
They went on to assure that the group's primary reason for convening in the nation's capital is to celebrate the victory of Trump and and their supporters, and usher in a new American era, but that if things go sideways, they will be prepared to assist in holding the line – even if it means defending the safety of peaceful protestors.
Fox host, Brian Kilmeade, noted that ‘protest groups' have announced they have over 1,000 buses headed to D.C., and asked Cox what the plan is in the event of mayhem.
“First and foremost, we're going to give law enforcement every opportunity to do their job,” they answered. “What people don't understand is that a lot of these anarchists who are coming to town – they don't like us any more than they like the Democrats, or any more than they like these women that are going to be marching and protesting.”
“We may even find ourselves trying to help fortify an area where some of these women are protesting Donald Trump.”
In a recent interview, Cox told Stuart Varney, “The bikers are certainly used to being outnumbered, and we are prepared to form a wall of meat, but we're confident that law enforcement has learned their lessons in Chicago and Arizona, and if it's anything like it was in Cleveland, they're going to have things under control.”
Bikers For Trump had a detectable presence at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland last summer, but law and order was upheld adeptly due to expert coordination and execution by police and other security agencies, as well as a complete failure by AstroTurf radical factions to ignite their planned chaos.
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump – Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 17, 2016
https://twitter.com/AgentSergeevna/status/820811964188213249
Militant communists and anarchists have vowed to disrupt the ‘peaceful transfer of power,' with a group calling itself #DisruptJ20 declaring on its website, “We call on all people of good conscience to join in disrupting the ceremonies. If Trump is to be inaugurated at all, let it happen behind closed doors, showing the true face of the security state Trump will preside over.”
A similar group, spearheaded by domestic terrorist, Bill Ayers, calls itself ‘Refuse Fascism' and states, “Our anger must now become massive resistance—before Donald Trump is inaugurated and has the full reins of power in their hands. Should we fail to rise with determination and daring in our millions now to stop this, the consequences for humanity will be disastrous.”
For more information on how to support/join Bikers For Trump, go HERE.
Facebook: Dan Lyman
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Former Mexican president Vicente Fox
Former Mexican president Vicente Fox has warned Canada not to betray Mexico in trade talks with the US.
Mr Fox told CTV News they were concerned Canadian PM Justin Trudeau seemed willing to "protect Canada even by sacrificing Mexico".
Negotiators are in the midst of the fifth round of talks between the three partners on their North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta).
Canada, the US and Mexico are discussing updating the 1994 deal.
In October, US President Donald Trump said they would consider a trade pact with Canada minus Mexico.
Mr Trudeau said in response to Mr Trump that they still believe a renewed deal can be reached between the three partners.
But they added that Canada has to "be ready for anything".
In the CTV News interview, Mr Fox said that Mr Trudeau "might, like Judas, give us a strike and go with the United States and leave us aside".
"I warn Trudeau and I warn Canada, you will not make it."
The talks to update the 1994 deal have become increasingly acrimonious.
Trade ministers from the three partner nations are not at the table for this round of talks to provide negotiators time to analyse the proposals that have been tabled thus far.
The hurdles for negotiators include US demands for tougher automotive content rules and a "sunset" clause that would require the trade treaty to be renewed every three years or expire.
President Trump launched renegotiations in a bid to reverse the US trade deficit with Mexico and has blamed the deal for the loss of American jobs.
Overall trade between the three Nafta partners reached $1.1tn (£832bn) in 2016.
Mr Fox, who served as Mexican president between 2000-6, has been outspoken critic of Mr Trump, telling the BBC in February that the US president could "go to hell".
atteSmythe wrote:
If I may, I believe there is a similar, but different explanation that allows for perfect knowledge behind the bracer's calculations. One scenario, perhaps the only scenario, in which Jillian would attack Transylvito is if TV betrayed them by attacking first. If Caeser were convinced of an attack, given Vinnie's intel that FAQ is mostly empty, there's roughly a 100% chance that TV they would launch a preemptive strike. So, a 60% chance that TV would attack (their estimate of treachery on Jillian's part) becomes the 60% chance that Jillian would attack TV as a counterattack
I took that scene not to be instructive of the limits of the braver, but of the pitfalls of trying to predict the future. It's easy to create a self-fulfilling prophecy.
CDS wrote:
Leverage?
If Charlie offered Jillian 1 million schmuckers to attack TV it isn't unreasonable to assume they would do so. Not happy with 1 million stick another 9 on top? In addition Jillian by their own code of 'ethics' owes Charlie a debt due to them saving them
Charlie doesn't have to use the stick here they have plenty of carrots.
Mm, I think if TV launched a preemptive attack they wouldn't leave Jillian alive to counterattack. 60% chance of their escaping seems wrong, either because it's too high (since they'd have the intel to attack when she's vulnerable) or too low (because she's infamously lucky like that, presumably because of Fate again). But more than that, the calculation was specifically for the attack happening in the next turn or two, not some time in the indefinite future.Charlie is not that free with their money. They only went as high as 1.5 million for Transylvito to turn Parson over to him. He's not going to offer six times that for Parson to maybe get killed. And like I said, it'd be political suicide. Jillian turning on Transylvito unprovoked like that would make their enemies with the entire Royal Crown Coalition.
The Houston Texans rank 28th in the NFL in yards per game. They're 29th in points, only averaging more than the Bears, Browns and Rams. Those teams combined have a record of 7-29, which isn't good, of course.
Brock Osweiler is the quarterback who has led the Texans to a terrible season offensively, but he's not losing hope. He's doing just the opposite, actually. Osweiler said after Houston scored only 13 points during a Sunday loss at Green Bay that they believe the Texans are a few plays away from exploding on offense despite being one of the worst units in football.
“I feel like we're very close to exploding as an offense,” Osweiler said, via ProFootballTalk. “We are three, four plays away from changing multiple football games. Because of that, I don't think we can get discouraged. … We're tired of being close. We really are, as a team. We're all able to see it on the film. We see it on the film every single week that we're so close to turning that corner.”
Article continues below ...
It's fair and reasonable for Osweiler to look on the bright side, but it's not exactly accurate. The Texans struggle to move the ball on offense more than just about every team in the league despite being loaded with weapons on that side of the ball.
Wide receiver DeAndre Hopkins has yet to get on the same page with Osweiler, running back Lamar Miller is playing well but doesn't always receive a great deal of touches, and wideout Will Fuller has mostly been a deep threat. The Texans need to establish some consistency on offense if they want to win the AFC South, and they'll have to do it fast.
More rain Saturday (Aug. 13) was expected to swamp already soggy ground across Louisiana and other parts of the Gulf Coast where at least two people died and dozens had to be rescued from waist-high water surrounding their homes.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency as rescue workers in the southeastern part of the state braced for more precipitation. Several shelters also have been opened.
Edwards spokesperson Richard Carbo said the governor returned to Louisiana on Friday because of the flooding. Edwards had been in Colorado for a policy meeting of the Democratic Governors Association but left early because of the storm.
Edwards has scheduled a news conference for 10:30 a.m. Saturday to discuss the flooding situation, which also affected the Louisiana Governor's Mansion, which has a flooded basement.
WAFB-TV reports that the governor's family has been relocated until the situation is resolved.
Edwards has scheduled a news conference for 10 a.m. Saturday to discuss the flooding situation in multiple Louisiana parishes.
St. Tammany government to distribute sandbags Friday and Saturday Citizens also asked to clear debris from drainage pathways
Numerous rivers in southeast Louisiana and southern Mississippi were overflowing their banks and threatening widespread flooding after extreme rainfall that began late Thursday, the National Weather Service reported.
A spokesperson for the East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office said one man died Friday after slipping into a flooded ditch near the city of Zachary. Casey Rayborn Hicks identified the victim as 68-year-old William Mayfield. Their body was found around noon Friday.
Dr. William "Beau" Clark, the parish coroner, ruled the death "an accidental drowning."
A second victim was found in St. Helena Parish where crews pulled a body from a submerged pickup on Louisiana Highway 10.
State Fire Marshal H. "Butch" Browning confirmed they found a man in their 50s inside a marooned Chevrolet pickup truck about 7 p.m. Friday. The body was turned over to the parish coroner's office. Their name has not been released, but Browning said he's believed to be from the area.
Meanwhile, crews are continuing to search for possibly another washed away vehicle after residents reported a missing person.
Browning said the area is sparsely populated and authorities only came across the vehicle after earlier successfully rescuing the driver of an 18-wheeler whose truck was pushed off the roadway.
"The water was coming over the road for over a half-mile," Browning said. "It's about 1 to 2 feet of rushing water, enough to push a large truck off the road completely. The truck was found in a curve before where the 18-wheeler went off the road."
They said some people with a boat helped to find the pickup and would continue searching for the possible second vehicle through the night.
Mike Steele, a spokesperson for the Louisiana Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness, said requests were coming in for high-water vehicles, boats and sandbags. Tangipahoa Parish in the state alone requested tens of thousands of sandbags.
A flood watch remains in effect through Sunday morning across most of south Louisiana. The weather service said in a statement that an additional 3 to 5 inches could fall over the area.
Tips for driving in bad weather The state highway department tips include information on hydroplaning and flooded roads.
In south Alabama, a flood watch was in effect Friday as rain fell in the Mobile area.
The Comite River near Baton Rouge and Amite River near Denham Springs, both in Louisiana, were predicted to set record crests over the weekend. Forecaster Alek Krautmann said both rivers could flood many houses in suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
They also said that flooding downstream in Ascension Parish is a threat, as those swollen rivers will be slow to drain into Lake Maurepas.
The Tickfaw River, just south of the Mississippi state line in Liverpool, Louisiana, was already at the highest level ever recorded at 9 a.m. Friday.
Rescuers were still plucking people from floodwaters in Amite and Wilkinson counties in southwest Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, their wife and stepson were among those rescued earlier Friday near Gloster.
Hansford, 62, says waters from Beaver Creek, which is normally more than 400 feet away from their house, rose quickly overnight. They said another stepson who lives nearby alerted him.
"We woke up and the water kept on coming," Hansford said. "It came up to my waist." Their wife told Hansford that it's the highest she's seen the creek in the 48 years she's lived there.
Hansford said they and their family members all have disabilities, and he's the only one who can swim. Hansford said emergency workers rescued all three in a large military-style truck and took them to the fire station in Gloster, where they were sheltering Friday.
More than 50 people have been flooded out of a neighborhood in Crosby, Mississippi, and will be housed at a shelter in Natchez. Wilkinson County Chancery Clerk Thomas Tolliver said an apartment complex and surrounding houses in the town were flooded after 10 inches of rain fell. Authorities said they expect to shelter displaced Crosby residents at least until Monday.
The forecaster Krautmann said flooding is "quickly becoming widespread" and officials are considering evacuation orders. Krautmann said one observer near Livingston reported 13.75 inches of rain from midnight to Friday morning.
Krautmann said the ground was heavily saturated by rainfall since Wednesday.
Heavy rain and street flooding prompted the rescue of residents from their homes in Tangipahoa Parish and the cancellation of classes in five school districts, authorities said.
Parish President Robby Miller said authorities rescued 72 people and seven pets stranded by high water. Shelters have been opened in the town of Amite and the city of Hammond to house evacuees.
"They will be allowed to return home once the water starts to recede," they said.
In Hammond, nearly two dozen streets were closed because of high water, and sandbags were made available to residents hoping to keep water out of homes and businesses.
"The last major flood we had was in March," said city administrator Lacy Landrum. "This one is on track to be a similar event."
In Mississippi, Harrison County Emergency Manager Rupert Lacy said steady rain continued on the Gulf Coast. They said a handful of houses is reported as flooded Thursday, but none so far Friday.
Keith Townson, manager of Shopper Value Foods in Amite, has lived in the area for 40 years.
"I've seen water in some places I have never seen before," Townson said, "and it's still coming down."
Terming the offloading of Greenpeace India activist Priya Pillai as “inappropriate”, the Delhi high court Friday said the government must learn to distinguish between “nationalism and jingoism”.
The court's observation came after additional solicitor general Sanjay Jain claimed Pillai was stopped from taking a flight to London on January 11 on the basis of “secret information” that their visit was “a serious threat to the nation and the speech they are going to make there is against the nation”.
The 37-year-old activist — known for their campaign against a big corporate coalmine project in Mahan, MP — was turned away by immigration officials at Delhi's IGI Airport despite having a valid business visa to travel to London. They were scheduled to address British parliamentarians there on January 14 on alleged human rights violations at Mahan — and managed to keep their appointment via Skype.
Pillai has in their petition termed the government action “illegal and arbitrary” and challenged the Intelligence Bureau's lookout circular against her, on the basis of which their passport was stamped ‘offload'. They have also sought permission to visit the British capital.
Jain said the government had only stopped Pillai on receiving specific inputs from the IB.
But Justice Rajiv Shakdher pointed out that many people who indulged in anti-national activities were still travelling abroad. This was the second time in as many hearings that the judge was expressing concern over the government's argument that Pillai was offloaded due to fears that they may indulge in anti-national activities. Directing the Centre to file its submissions by February 10, they fixed the next hearing for February 18.
“The illegal offloading by overzealous government agencies is not just a violation of their basic right to personal liberty and freedom of speech but is also a deliberate attempt to malign their reputation,” said Indira Jaisingh, Pillai's lawyer.
Before the Pillai episode, a UK-origin Greenpeace worker was refused entry to India in September 2014. The government had also frozen foreign fund transfers to Greenpeace and other NGOs last year, though the high court recently ordered that the block be lifted.
First Published: Feb 07, 2015 01:10 IST
A casting call for X-Men: Days of Future Past has revealed an interesting piece of information about the film. The casting call reveals that a majority of Bryan Singer's upcoming sequel will take place over ten years after the events of X-Men: First Class. This could be the reason that some of the cast members from that film won't be returning. But this also does open up the door for a number of interesting new members to join the team, including some of the original X-Men from the first film. Since it's set in the 70's…does that mean we might see an appearance by the X-Men's resident queen of disco, Dazzler? Check out the casting call below.
X-Men: Days Of Future Past is scheduled to hit theaters July 17, 2014.
Source: CBM
By now most of the environmentally conscious are aware of the giant swirling garbage gyre in the North Pacific, originally discovered in 1997 by Captain Charles Moore, founder of the Algalita Marine Research Foundation. Moore first published on their travels in to the North Pacific Gyre in 1999, though the media was slow to react to their tales of plastic islands, and miles upon miles of marine garbage. By 2005 major news organizations began reporting on Moore's North Pacific Gyre, and the issue gained attention worldwide. Now, a team of researchers from Algalita and Livable Legacy, Dr. Marcus Eriksen and Anna Cummins have brought a team of artists, ocean activists, journalists, and scientists to the other side of North America on an North Atlantic expedition to look for plastic debris as part of a new research initiative, the 5 Gyres Project (5gyres.org).
Worldwide, there exist five major oceanic gyres and it is hypothesized by Eriksen and Cummins that all of these gyres will collect marine debris, much in the same way that the North Pacific does. Due to the manner by which ocean currents and tradewinds work, they form what is essentially a massive spinning vortex. As a journalist and representative of the Surfrider Foundation aboard the Pangaea Explorations research vessel Sea Dragon, reporting directly from the North Atlantic Gyre via satellite communication, I can confirm that another worldwide garbage patch exists, here, in a dispersed synthetic soup we're currently floating upon. As of the time of this writing, 19:31 GMT, our position is roughly 500 miles SE of Bermuda and a 1000 miles SW of the Azores.
Since our departure last Thursday from Bermuda the science team has been collecting data on plastic density every 50-100 miles (weather permitting) as we sail easterly across the Atlantic towards Europe. With a device specifically engineered to skim the surface of the water and just below called a MantaTrawl, we have collected 12 samples on the second leg of the journey thus far. The MantaTrawl takes a 60cm. by 25 cm. sample of the ocean over a three hour period covering about 7 miles. On the first leg, from the US Virgin Islands to Bermuda, we collected 20 samples. From both legs, each sample has shown evidence plastic fragments in every trawl. Varying in the density, the samples from the first leg have already been shipped backed to Algalita labs in California. Beyond fragmented and photodegraded plastic, we've come across what are called Windrows, areas in the ocean where currents and wind patterns conspire to make 'patches' where debris collects densely. These areas, often marked by large swatches of sargassum (a plant that grows on the surface of this area of the Atlantic known as the Sargasso Sea) are where we're finding large collections of plastic, in big chunks, floating on the surface.
Thus far, we've found plastic milk crates, lighters, toothbrushes, bottle caps, shotgun shells, dental floss holders, buckets and bucket lids, bleach bottles, antifreeze bottles, plastic bags, plastic tubs, nail polish remover bottles, and every manner of plastic goods one would find in any grocery store across the world. As a crew, we collect this debris from the deck of the Sea Dragon with large fish nets and examine the contents. The results have been staggering. Ultimately, it's difficult to imagine the size of the problem that is now affecting the Atlantic too because our vantage is that of a needle in a haystack -- a 72 foot research sailboat amidst the vast wilderness of an enormous ocean. But what's certain, given the data and debris collected already along a transect, is that the problem of plastic in oceanic gyres worldwide is at least twice as bad as researchers knew before and is ubiquitous in the Atlantic as well.
Published: 01 Dec 2016
Kia preview ‘Mystery Car' at Nurburgring
We are all used to seeing manufacturers testing their latest cars around tracks and roads around the world. Covered in the industry standard camouflage to prevent viewers getting a true reflection of the latest model, the ‘spy pictures' set people's imaginations running
Search For Your Next New Kia Car Today Click here
Going one step further Kia has teased its latest car undergoing testing via a series of cryptic images and an accompanying video. Taking place at the legendary Nurburgring in Germany, Kia don't give much away about the car undergoing testing, but it is expected to be the eagerly anticipated Kia GT.
Set to be revealed in full at the Detroit Motor Show in January, the mystery car has its own dedicated website, thecurveahead.net to accompany the teaser campaign. Jennings Kia will keep an eye out for the developments in the mystery car from Kia. For more information about the latest Kia new car range visit a Jennings Kia dealership in Stockton or Washington, alternatively call 0333 414 9750 to speak to a Kia specialist today.
Promo pictures are out!
Bandai has released new pictures of their upcoming P-Bandai exclusive 1/100 Master Grade MSZ-006-Px/3C Zeta Gundam, more commonly called “Red Zeta” seen from the Gundam Evolve series of short films. The most defining characteristic of this unit (aside from being colored red) is the spiky “Transformer-ish” look that set it apart from all the Zeta Gundam variants.
The base model of this kit is the Zeta Gundam MG ver 2.0, easily making it on par with current releases. Like the Gray Wolf MG (also an online exclusive release), it features new armor that makes the purchase worth it.
This kit will retail at 7,020 yen with a release date of May 2015. I've never been a big fan of online exclusives, but hell yeah, I'm getting this one!
Only six of the 242 House GOP legislators signed an August 22 letter urging President Donald Trump to preserve former President Barack Obama's DACA amnesty for 800,000 illegal immigrants.
The letter — which was touted by Mark Zuckerberg's FWD.US pro-immigration advocacy group — declared:
We write to express our support for maintaining the protections of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) for current recipients of the policy. We understand and deeply respect the rule of law, and firmly believe that those who have violated the law must face fair consequences. We also have a responsibility to apply the law in the manner required by the circumstances
The unpopularity of the 2012 DACA amnesty was underlined by the fact that only six GOP legislators signed the letter, despite the top-level cheering for the DACA amnesty by Zuckerberg's group and by other business-funded operations.
The six legislators who signed the letter are New York Rep. Daniel Donovan, California Rep. David Valadao, Nebraska Rep. Don Bacon, Florida Rep. Carlos Curbelo, California Rep. Jeff Denham and Florida Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen. Press aides for the members declined to comment when asked by Breitbart News.
The low number of open supporters “demonstrates that there is a clear consensus within the President's party that DACA should be terminated,” said Ira Mehlman, a spokesperson for the Federation for American Immigration Reform. “The president should focus honoring the promises and pledges they made to the American public during their campaign,” they added.
Trump has the advantage, Mehlman said, in part because Democrats are under great pressure to preserve the DACA amnesty. “Just the mere rumor that [DACA] repeal is in the works … sent the Democrats leadership apoplectic,” they said. Trump “has to start holding them publicly accountable” for their unpopular pro-immigration policies, they added.
The six-person latter was posted as senior globalist aides on Trump's staff reportedly try to sideline their priorities, which include building a border wall and signing the RAISE Act immigration reform. Those goals are fiercely opposed by Democrats and by many businesses groups, and they also threaten to sink the managers' top priority goal — the passage of a tax cut for businesses and high-income earners.
So far, when cheered by their supporters at rallies, Trump continues to demand that Congress fund their border wall, and is effectively promising to veto a budget deal unless Congress funds their budget wall this October.
Immigration reformers, however, fear that Trump's top aides would gladly agree to make DACA permanent in return for minor benefits, such as one year's worth of wall funding.
The six-legislator letter was tweeted out by FWD.US, which is also using its website to campaign for the DACA amnesty.
NEW: GOP Members of Congress send @POTUS letter –
urge protection for #DACA recipients "until we can find a permanent legislative solution" pic.twitter.com/Ec5s1l3Glk — FWD.us (@FWDus) August 23, 2017
An August 24 article which said Trump might choose to end DACA also prompted laments from the head of the pro-immigration, business-funded New American Economy advocacy group. The group has issued business-funded reports touting the spending power of legal and illegal immigrants.
This is awful. Worse would be Congress sitting on its hands while it happens. https://t.co/hFkxo7JChd — Jeremy Robbins (@JeremyARobbins) August 25, 2017
This support for illegal immigration by business groups in Silicon Valley and elsewhere also reflects the success of the Democrats' immigration strategy. In general, Democrats block any increased inflow high-tech immigrants sought by business groups unless those business groups also support the Democratic goal of getting amnesty and citizenship for roughly 11 million low-skilled, government-dependent immigrants.
Advocacy groups tied to business are helping the joint push by Democrats and business groups. For example, the six-legislator letter quoted a claim by the business-funded CATO Institute which argued that repatriation of the 750,000 illegals would shrink the government's revenue by just $6 billion a year. Surprisingly, the study ignored federal spending on the DACA recipients, and also assumed that the DACA recipients are similar to H-1B white-collar visa workers, all of whom have college degrees.
Surprisingly, the CATO study did not count the high level of taxpayer spending on the DACA recipients, and it also assumed that the DACA recipients are similar to H-1B white-collar visa workers, all of whom have college degrees.
Under current immigration policy, the federal government accepts 1 million legal immigrants each year, even though 4 million young Americans enter the workforce to look for decent jobs. Each year, the government also hands out almost 3 million short-term work permits to foreign workers. These permits include roughly 330,000 one-year OPT permits for foreign graduates of U.S. colleges, roughly 200,000 three-year H-1B visas for foreign white-collar professionals, and 400,000 two-year permits to DACA illegals.
The current annual flood of foreign labor spikes profits and Wall Street values by cutting salaries for manual and skilled labor offered by blue-collar and white-collar employees. It also drives up real estate prices, widens wealth-gaps, reduces high-tech investment, increases state and local tax burdens, hurts kids' schools and college education, pushes Americans away from high-tech careers, and sidelines at least 5 million marginalized Americans and their families.
Multiple business groups admit that Trump's popular RAISE Act immigration and economic reform would raise Americans' salaries.
Many polls show that Americans are very generous, they do welcome individual immigrants, and they do want to like the idea of immigration. But the polls also show that most Americans are increasingly worried that large-scale legal immigration will change their country and disadvantage themselves and their children. Trump's “Buy American, Hire American” policies are also extremely popular, including among Democratic-leaning voters.
If you're in a panic because the Internet told you that your shiny new SSD may lose data in “just a few days” when stored in a hot room, take a chill pill—it's apparently all a huge misunderstanding.
In a conversation with Kent Smith of Seagate and Alvin Cox, the Seagate engineer who wrote the presentation that set the Internet abuzz, PCWorld was told we're all just reading it wrong.
“People have misunderstood the data,” Smith said.
Cox agreed, saying there's no reason to fret.
“I wouldn't worry about [losing data],” Cox told PCWorld. “This all pertains to end of life. As a consumer, an SSD product or even a flash product is never going to get to the point where it's temperature-dependent on retaining the data.”
Why this matters: Users from New York to Rio De Janiero are freaking out over the risk of losing data when their SSDs are powered off. We decided to go to the source of it all for the truth.
PCWorld It looks like a misunderstanding of this 5-year-old PowerPoint page set the Internet ablaze
The original presentation dates back to when Cox chaired a committee for JEDEC, the industry group that blesses memory specs. It was intended to help data center and enterprise customers understand what could happen to an SSD—but only after it had reached the end of its useful life span and was then stored at abnormal temperatures. It's not intended to be applied to an SSD in the prime of its life in either an enterprise or a consumer setting.
But that's not how the Internet viewed it. The presentation—almost five years old now—surfaced in a forensic computing blog as an explanation for why an SSD could start to lose data in a short amount of time at high temperatures. Once media outlets jumped on the story, it spread across the globe.
”I wouldn't worry about (losing data)” —Alvin Cox
“The standards body for the microelectronics industry has found that Solid State Drives (SSD) can start to lose their data and become corrupted if they are left without power for as little as a week,” said the International Business Times, one of the first to run a story on the blog post. From there, the Internet seemed to amplify as fact that an SSD left unplugged would lose data—all citing Cox's JEDEC presentation.
But Cox and Smith said that's not correct. In fact, both said, an SSD that isn't worn out rarely experiences data errors. Data center use also subjects SSDs to far more “program/erase” cycles than a typical consumer could under any normal circumstances.
Corsair Consumer drives such as this Corsair Neutron GTX have been pushed beyond 1.1 petabytes of writes before wearing out. That's one of the criteria you'd need to lose data.
Cox and Smith cited numerous tech websites that have torture-tested SSDs well beyond their rated lifespans using 24/7 work loads. The TechReport did manage to kill a number of SSDs, but only after writing hundreds of terabytes to them. Some of the drives still made it beyond the petabyte range.
Wear is one of the risk factors for SSD data loss at high temperatures, but because it's nearly impossible for an average user to wear out an SSD, the danger is very small, Cox and Smith said. Even a worn-out SSD would still go a year without data loss, according to the original presentation, and that's while being stored at 87 degrees Fahreneit the entire time.
For the same reasons, Smith said, enterprise customers are also unlikely to suffer from heat-related dead drive issues. Besides, they're more likely to use tape or other cheaper methods to back up data.
That's not to say that SSDs aren't immune from failures and data loss. Like all electronics, there's always the risk of failure. Our own story helps put SSD failure rates in perspective.
Smith and Cox said the intent of the original presentation was to illustrate a worst-case scenario. What if the truck with the SSDs from the data center broke down, in the Arizona desert in July, on the way to the archiving center? How long could the truck be parked before data loss occurred from excessive heat? While that's a scenario that could happen, it's also highly unlikely—which is why the fear gripping SSD owners is unwarranted.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia carried out the maiden flight of its new MS-21 medium-range passenger plane on Sunday, its first post-Soviet foray into production of a mainline commercial aircraft which it hopes will rival those of its Western competitors.
A view shows an An MS-21 medium-range passenger plane, produced by Irkut Corporation, during a flight in Irkutsk, Russia, May 28, 2017. Courtesy of PR Department of Irkut Corporation/Handout via REUTERS
In a surprise statement, manufacturer Irkut Corporation (IRKT.MM) and its state-controlled parent company United Aircraft Corporation (UAC) (UNAC.MM) said an MS-21-300 model had successfully completed a 30-minute flight at a height of 1,000 meters and traveling at 300 km an hour.
Squeezed by Western sanctions over its role in the Ukraine crisis, Russia is trying to rejuvenate domestic industrial production to make the country less dependant on foreign firms.
The test flight, which was not announced to media beforehand, comes just three weeks after China staged the maiden flight of its new C919 passenger jet, highlighting the growing competition to industry heavyweights Boeing (BA.N) and Airbus (AIR.PA).
Russian officials have said the MS-21 is superior to its Western-made counterparts in many respects and will be snapped up by both Russian and foreign carriers, but Western analysts say both Russia and China face a huge challenge to shatter the transatlantic airplane duopoly.
“The flight mission has been completed. The flight was fine, there were no observations which will prevent further testing,” test pilot Oleg Kononenko was quoted as saying.
Western aviation sources however expressed surprise at the flight's brevity and relatively low altitude compared with recent 3-4 hour debuts of North American and European models.
“It suggests they either have severe limitations or may have had something happen and decided to come back,” said a Western flight test engineer, speaking on condition of anonymity.
A Western jetmaking source called it a “genteel flight”.
A UAC spokesperson said the flight had been long enough to test everything that needed checking in the air.
Russia has fought hard to shake off its Soviet reputation for old and creaking aircraft flown by inexperienced crews.
Flag carrier Aeroflot (AFLT.MM) last year earned its fourth star from independent ratings website Skytrax, ranking it alongside major European and Middle Eastern competitors and ahead of big U.S. carriers such as Delta and United.
FIRM ORDERS
President Vladimir Putin called Irkut General Director Oleg Demchenko to congratulate them and their employees with what the Kremlin called “a significant event”.
The twin-engine MS-21 will be built in two variants: the MS-21-300 which will have 160-211 seats, and the later MS-21-200 which will have 130-165 seats. It is sometimes referred to as the MC-21 when using the Russian name and Cyrillic letters.
Production is expected to start in the next two years and state media have said numerous contracts with domestic and foreign carriers have already been agreed. Irkut said it so far had “firm orders” for 175 planes.
America's Boeing and Europe's Airbus remain far ahead of their Chinese and Russian rivals, with bigger sales books and more advanced technical know-how.
But the new plane could win sales in Russia and some eastern European and Asian countries, industry analysts say, with buyers attracted by its lower running costs.
Irkut said operational costs for its new plane will be up to 15 percent cheaper than current generation aircraft.
An MS-21 medium-range passenger plane, produced by Irkut Corporation, takes off in Irkutsk, Russia, May 28, 2017. Courtesy of PR Department of Irkut Corporation/Handout via REUTERS
With a range of up to 6,000 kilometers, the MS-21 will be competing against the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 aircraft which currently dominate the medium-range narrow-body market. Both companies recently upgraded those families to achieve comparable 15 percent operational savings compared to previous versions.
State defense conglomerate Rostec, which is headed by close Putin ally Sergei Chemezov, said it had agreed to purchase 85 aircraft. At least 50 of them will be leased to Aeroflot, Rostec said, which currently operates a fleet dominated by narrow-body Airbus models, including 70 A320s.
UAC President Yury Slyusar said they estimated global demand for the new MS-21 models at around 15,000 aircraft over the next 20 years. “I'm sure the airlines will appreciate our new aircraft,” they said.
US President Donald Trump has raised over $7 million during the first three months of their term in office for the 2020 election campaign, local media reported.
© AP Photo / Alex Brandon Trump Being Prevented From Carrying Out Election Campaign Agenda - Putin
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Trump has raised $7.1 million from January to March, in addition to $23 million collected by the Republican Party, starting preparations for the next presidential election, earlier than any other US president in recent history, the New York Times newspaper reported Friday, citing the Federal Election Commission reports.
Trump's predecessor, Barack Obama alongside with the Democratic National Committee reportedly raised nearly $15 million during the same period of tenure in 2009.
The newspaper specified that Trump relies mainly on ordinary donors among their electorate, since wealthy Republicans and president's benefactors submitted relatively small amounts of money.
On November 8, 2016 Trump won over their Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in the US presidential election. Trump's inauguration was held on January 20.
When Brazilian illustrator Rafael Mantesso divorced with their ex-wife, they took all of the furniture with her, leaving behind an empty house with white walls. All they had was Jimmy Choo, their bull terrier. Mantesso started painting and drawing again, which is when their buddy Jimmy lent them a paw by posing for some silly illustrations.
Mantesso creates the illustrations and then gets Jimmy to pose for them with a simple “Stay” command. Read on for more from their interview with Bored Panda!
More info: Instagram (h/t: ufunk, anothermag)
“Although it's really messy when I'm photographing him, they obey me,” Mantesso told Bored Panda.
“I had just divorced my ex wife, who took all the furniture in the house and the house was completely empty and white. The only thing I had was Jimmy and an empty white house.”
“I had a pitbull when they were younger and they died early. Then, I always dreamed of having a bull terrier.”
“I think they are an amazing breed – behavior, personality, the love they demonstrate to their owner, and especially their aesthetics.”
“He is definitely my best friend and companion. I hate it when people turn away or cross the street for fear of them – people think bull terriers and pit bull dogs are murderers and bloodthirsty.”
“I love to paint and draw, but recently I went back to do that. For now it is a hobby, draw, illustrate and paint using objects in my daily life. I already have some requests for screens, photos and am I starting to think about making it work. We will see.”
The touching image that started it all:
We'd like to thank Rafael for the comments about their images. We wish them the best of luck with their work!
UPDATED: Corrected list of supported messaging protocols.
Known for its security software, Symantec on Tuesday launched a new program aimed at educating parents about their children's online usage. Norton Online Family, now available in beta, is a parental control suite with multiple levels of restriction and an emphasis on usage reporting.
(Credit: Symantec)
Citing a Rochester Institute of Technology study that found a huge gap between the percentage of parents versus children who report no online supervision, Symantec says that Online Family is intended to bridge that gap by "fostering communication" between parents and their kids. According to the RIT study, only 7 percent of parents think their children have no online supervision, while 66 percent of kids think they go unsupervised.
To address that, Online Family uses a desktop client called the Norton Safety Minder for Windows and Mac that reports to the parents' Norton Family account with options to e-mail notifications, too. Norton Online Family features parental-controlled customization levels based on the computer's user accounts, so that multi-child families can have different monitoring levels for different kids. It runs in the system tray, too, so that its presence is obvious to all users.
Online Family can log Web sites, block sites using both a topic blocker or a traditional blacklist, and report on social-networking activities. When it tracks visited Web sites, it automatically filters out advertisement URLs that get pinged when visiting media-rich sites. This makes the log easier to parse through.
Online Family includes some innovative features that lend credibility to the claim that this is more than just a souped-up keylogger or blacklist. The blocked sites feature, for example, can be set so that kids can "appeal" to their parents for approval via either e-mail or a Norton-based chat app. It can also be set so that it lets kids through to see the flagged site, regardless of parental approval, but then the parents' log flags the visited site. The responsibility of discussing the content, of course, is left up to parental discretion.
(Credit: Symantec)
Importantly, Online Family tracks how children represent themselves on social-networking sites, and alerts parents when a child misrepresents their age. Age misrepresentation, Symantec said, was often an indicator of a child associating with people or groups that the parents weren't aware of. It also keeps track of how long a kid has spent on a social-networking site, what time they log in and out, and how often they visit the site.
The new program monitors client-based instant messaging, too. This includes Google/Jabber, Yahoo, Microsoft Live, AOL, Skype, ICQ, Trillian's native chat protocol, as well as Trillian's multi-protocol features and Digsby's, too. However, site-based messaging can not be tracked. Once a child logs into Facebook, for example, Online Family won't be able to follow what they're doing within the site.
Other monitors include a personal information blocker, where personal information specific to the child can be blocked from being sent out from the computer, a parental notification whenever a kid creates a new account on any site, a time monitor to enforce a "computer curfew," and a notification for when the Norton Safety Minder is turned off.
Online Family requires a Norton account, and the registration is free until the program leaves beta. Final pricing for the Online Family stable release that's expected in the spring has yet to be announced, but the beta trial is free for now. Symantec has said that they want to make Norton Online Family affordable, though, so it's unlikely that the price point will be exorbitant.
Since HG Well's 1897 novel The Invisible Man, the world of science fiction has been fascinated with the idea of disappearing from view.
And while experts attempt to invent invisibility cloaks, a team of researchers has discovered it's possible to trick a person into thinking they're invisible simply by using a virtual reality headset.
The study also found that creating an illusion of invisibility can help people deal with socially stressful situations more easily.
Participants wore a virtual reality headset while looking at their body. Instead of seeing their body, they were shown an empty space (left) or a mannequin (right). A researcher stroked their body while moving another brush in the corresponding location in the empty space, as if they were touching an 'invisible body'
Neuroscientists from Sweden's Karolinska Institutet asked 125 people to wear a virtual reality headset while standing upright and to look down towards their body.
Instead of seeing their body, they were shown either the body of a mannequin or an empty space where their body should have been.
A researcher then stroked the participant's body with a large paintbrush while simultaneously moving another paintbrush in the corresponding location in the empty space below the cameras, as if they were touching an 'invisible body'.
This researcher applied touches to five different body parts, including the abdomen, the left and right lower arms, and the left and right lower legs and feet.
THE INVISIBILITY ILLUSION Neuroscientists asked people to wear a virtual reality headset while looking at their body. Instead of seeing their body, they were shown either the body of a mannequin or an empty space where their body should have been. A researcher then stroked the participant's body with a large paintbrush while simultaneously moving another paintbrush in the corresponding location in the empty space below the cameras, as if they were touching an 'invisible body'. Following these experiments the participants were asked to rate how they perceived their body from -3 to 3. These included: 'I felt the touch of the brush in the empty space/on the mannequin in the location where I saw the brush moving'
'It felt as if I had an invisible body/the mannequin's body were my body'
'I experienced that the touch I felt was caused by the brush moving in the empty space/touching the mannequin'
'When I saw the brush moving, I experienced the touch on my back'
'It felt as if I had two bodies' and
'I could no longer feel my body' The first three questions were 'illusion statements', while the second three were 'control statements'. Ratings were high for all three illusion statements during the 'invisible body' experiment and positive, albeit lower, for all questions in the mannequin experiment except when during the asynchronous condition.
The duration of each individual brushstroke was one second and the time between the offset of one touch and the onset of the next touch was 1.5 second to make sure there were no overlaps between the seen and felt touches.
This was known as the 'synchronous condition'.
During a second experiment, known as the 'asynchronous condition', the brushstrokes in the empty space were delayed by 1.25 seconds following the physical touch.
And during the 'incongruent condition' the touches on the participant's real body were applied in the opposite direction and on another body part than the one being seen.
This was repeated with the mannequin to see if the participant would equally 'take ownership' of the mannequin's body even if it looked different to their own.
Following these experiments the participants were asked to rate how they perceived their body from -3 to 3.
These included: 'I felt the touch of the brush in the empty space/on the mannequin in the location where I saw the brush moving' (S1), 'It felt as if I had an invisible body/the mannequin's body were my body' (S2), 'I experienced that the touch I felt was caused by the brush moving in the empty space/touching the mannequin' (S3), 'When I saw the brush moving, I experienced the touch on my back (S4), 'It felt as if I had two bodies (S5) and 'I could no longer feel my body' (S6).
The first three questions were illusion statements, while the second three were control statements.
Ratings were high for all three illusion statements during the 'invisible body' experiment and positive, albeit lower, for all questions in the mannequin experiment except when during the asynchronous condition.
The researchers said this proved the illusion had been successful.
The opposite was true for the control statements, in which all ratings were zero or below except for the asynchronous condition in the mannequin experiment for the question: 'It felt as if I had two bodies'.
'Synchronous' was when the real and simulated strokes occurred at the same time, when there was a delay it was known as 'asynchronous'. Following these tests participants were asked to rate how they perceived their body at each point based on a series of illusion-based statements and control statements (shown)
Ratings were high for the illusion statements during both the 'invisible body' and mannequin experiments. This graphic represents how the participants perceived their body during synchronous and asynchronous mannequin test (red and pink), and the asynchronous and synchronous invisible test (light green and green)
'Within less than a minute, the majority of the participants started to transfer the sensation of touch to the portion of empty space where they saw the paintbrush move and experienced an invisible body in that position,' said Arvid Guterstam, lead author of the study.
'We showed in a previous study that the same illusion can be created for a single hand. The present study demonstrates that the 'invisible hand illusion' can, surprisingly, be extended to an entire invisible body.'
To demonstrate the effectiveness of the illusion, the researchers additionally made a stabbing motion with a knife toward the empty space that represented the stomach of the invisible body.
In another part of the study the researchers examined whether the feeling of invisibility can play a role in social anxiety by placing the participants in front of an audience of strangers. They found the heart rate of those how had exeprienced the invisible body illusion was lower than when they had a physical body
The participants' sweat response to seeing the knife was elevated while experiencing the illusion but absent when the illusion was broken, which suggests the brain interprets the threat in empty space as a threat directed toward one's own body.
In H.G. Well's The Invisible Man, protagonist Griffin turns themselves invisible and ultimately goes insane
In another part of the study the researchers examined whether the feeling of invisibility can play a role in social anxiety by placing the participants in front of an audience of strangers.
'We found that their heart rate and self-reported stress level during the 'performance' was lower when they immediately prior had experienced the invisible body illusion compared to when they experienced having a physical body,' added Mr Guterstam.
'These results are interesting because they show that the perceived physical quality of the body can change the way our brain processes social cues.'
The researchers said they hope the results of the study will be of value to future clinical research, for example in the development of new therapies for social anxiety disorder.
The paper continued: 'Recent advances in materials science suggest that invisibility cloaking of the human body may be possible in the not-so-distant future.
'However, it remains unknown how invisibility affects body perception and embodied cognition. To address these questions, we developed a perceptual illusion of having an entire invisible body.
'This study provides an experimental model of what it is like to be invisible and shows that this experience affects bodily self-perception and social cognition.'
Principal investigator Dr. Henrik Ehrsson, professor at the Department of Neuroscience added that follow-up studies should investigate whether the feeling of invisibility affects moral decision-making, to ensure that future invisibility cloaking does not make us lose our sense of right and wrong.
Article by WN.com Correspondent Dallas Darling.
"...All those who seek to destroy the liberties of a democratic nation ought to know that war is the surest and the shortest means to accomplish it." -Alexis de Tocqueville
It is poignant that the shot heard round the world, mentioned in Ralph Waldo Emerson's "Concord Hymn," came from the barrel of a gun. In reality, it came from many guns. Instead of non-cooperation campaigns and acts of sabotage, colonial violence at Lexington and Concord would forever alter the American Revolution. Initially, British General Thomas Gage had received orders to arrest the members of the Massachusetts Provincial Congress. Since General Gage did not know where Congress met, they decided to seize the militia's supply depots at Concord and Lexington. It was chiefly over the rights of weapons and ammunition, then, or the ideal of militant liberty, that changed the American Revolution. It was a conflict that would become extremely bloody, last several years, and giving rise to a new militant constitution and representative government.
The right to militarism, or the idea of a nation in arms backed by a belligerent constitution, was introduced two centuries earlier by Niccolo Machiavelli in "The Art of War." Machiavelli proposed that citizen-armies were best. Until Machiavelli, and since weapons were expensive and required training and expertise, kingdoms and states depended mainly on mercenaries and professional soldiers. Although armed citizens were conscripted for military campaigns, they were often used for cannon fodder. Also, rulers and aristocrats were always fearful of the diffusion of firearms among the poor and starving masses. By the time the American Revolution occurred, though, enlightened ideas had intermingled with the right to bear arms and violent rebellions. "Liberated" citizens and a belief in military discipline became popular.
For these reasons, the U.S. Constitution initiated a new age of representative militarism, where a military culture was fundamental in preserving democracy and liberties. One of the first goals of the Preamble clearly mentions "common defense." Article I of the Legislative Branch describes in great length the powers to "declare War," to "raise and support Armies," and "appropriation of monies." But there are no powers to "declare Peace." In case of an invasion, there is no funding to train citizens to engage in nonviolent action campaigns or acts of non-cooperation and sabotage. And when Article I declares powers to "grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water," who is in charge of authorizing an attempt to maintain dialogue with an enemy state or to make sure confiscated property during wartime is rightfully returned?
Constitutional militarism expands even more in Article II of the Executive Branch. Not only does the President swear to "defend the Constitution of the United States," (Why not include to promote peace?), but it allows him/her to be "Commander of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the Militia of the several States, when called into the actual Service of the United States." Again, there is a blending of civilian and military roles. It is a role that has ensured military control over the civilian, instead of civilian control over the military. History has also revealed that once repeated war-making powers are given to the chief executor, they are almost impossible to limit. The President's power to deploy combat troops, suspend constitutional rights, and oversee a nuclear arsenal, has transformed the Presidency into a collective, perpetual nation AND citizenry in arms.
Constitutional militarism also granted the President the power to declare war but not the power to declare peace. The American Revolution and Second Amendment served to bolster such a warring and well-armed President. "A well-regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state" originated during the war, as militias, or citizen soldiers, conducted much of the fighting. This kind of mass conscription paved way for "the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed." Freedom and liberty was now intermingled with owning and using guns. Accumulating, or owning more guns, meant increasing one's freedom. As the American Republic transformed itself into an empire, amassing and using advanced armament technologies, backed by a reservoir of soldier citizens who had internalized weaponry, became associated with global democracy.
But sadly, it was a militant democratic empire, a peculiar institution, based on the supremacy of military use of force. Constitutional militarism turned part-time citizen soldiers of the militia into full-time professional soldiers of a permanent and large standing army. It is a permanent and large standing army supported by a militant electorate, both of which are needed to secure a militant state that only seemingly appears to be free. While popular and more peaceful protests or revolts are suppressed, institutions, whether civilian, political religious, economic, or cultural, become highly militarized. Constitutional militarism also has a tendency to promote a violent self- and collectivized-centralization. The mottos to the Battles of Lexington and Concord and the Americans Revolution could have been: "I fight, therefore I am." "We go to war, therefore we are."(1)
Constitutional militarism goes back even further than when colonial militia ambushed and killed British regulars at Concord. Before British troops found that almost all of the military supplies had already been removed, they were met by dozens of soldier citizens on Lexington's village green. One fired at the nervous British troops from behind a grove of trees causing a tremendous volley. The American Republic's first assembly was one of armed conflict instead of peaceful gathering. Like the Boston Riot-mislabeled a massacre by colonial propagandists since "the mob...were more outrageous, striking their clubs and bludgeons" against the British(2), even knocking one down-Constitutional militarism and "the shot heard round the world" gave rise to militant perpetrators portraying themselves as victims and therefore, always justifying their aggressive and expansionist policies.
This is the reason that constitutional militarism continued to exterminate entire Indigenous populations while also enslaving millions of human beings. It is why women were still considered property, and why popular revolts among the landless and poor were continually crushed by a disproportionate amount of weaponry and militancy. The opening phrase of the Preamble to the U.S. Constitution should have read: "We the soldiering citizens of the United States, in Order to form a more ideal militant Union, justify aggressions, insure continual War, provide for the Military-Aristocratic Complex, promote the general warfare, and secure through the extermination policies, the Blessings of Liberty reserved only for ourselves..." This was really the shot heard round the world, one that still reverberates today in distant places like Iraq and Afghanistan.
Dallas Darling (darling@wn.com)
(Dallas Darling is the author of Politics 501: An A-Z Reading on Conscientious Political Thought and Action, Some Nations Above God: 52 Weekly Reflections On Modern-Day Imperialism, Militarism, And Consumerism in the Context of John's Apocalyptic Vision, and The Other Side Of Christianity: Reflections on Faith, Politics, Spirituality, History, and Peace.  They are a correspondent for www.worldnews.com. You can read more of Dallas' writings at www.beverlydarling.com and wn.com//dallasdarling.)
(1) Porter, Bruce D. War And The Rise Of The State: The Military Foundations of Modern Politics. New York, New York: The Free Press, 1994., p. 117.
(2) As quoted in "American Voices, American Lives."
0 Shares Pin +1 Share
Sorry for all the pizza lately, but I've been so wiped out from this cold that I really don't have the energy to make much else. Yes, I realize that ordering pizza is most people's go-to when they're tired or busy, but making pizza is actually really easy too.
On top of my cold, my car is broken down and I just cannot muster the strength to walk to the store to buy anything, so I'm forced to make something with what I've got laying around. Luckily, that's my specialty. One of the perks of being a food blogger is that you often get food sent to you. Recently I've received some steamed artichoke hearts from Melissa's produce, as well as some pasta sauce from another company. My garden is overflowing with eggplant, and I'm still getting zucchini in my CSA boxes, so I thought a veggie pizza would be a great way to use up all those fresh ingredients.
As you know, the Hubs doesn't always take too kindly to meatless food, even if it is pizza, so I added some andouille sausage I had in the freezer. They loved it.
We both managed to get dinner and lunch the next day out of it which allowed me some extra rest. Cooking once for multiple meals is awesome not only when you're sick, but when you're busy as well.
So that's it! I'm definitely on the mend and have some really excellent recipes coming at you in the near future. I hope you'll stick around and check them out.
5 from 1 vote Print Ratatouille Pizza All the savory, rich flavors of a classic French ratatouille on a crispy pizza crust. Prep Time 15 minutes Cook Time 20 minutes Total Time 35 minutes Servings 6 servings Calories 481 kcal Ingredients 1 teaspoon olive oil
1 Japanese eggplant sliced
1 zucchini sliced
1 package Melissa's steamed artichoke hearts sliced
1/2 small red onion thinly sliced
1 package andouille sausage sliced
3/4 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning
1/4 teaspoon salt
4 garlic cloves minced
1 package refrigerated pizza dough
1 cup marinara sauce
1 cup shredded mozzarella
Cooking spray
3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley Instructions Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add oil to pan. Add eggplant, zucchini, and onion; sauté 3 minutes or until eggplant begins to soften. Reduce heat to medium. Add artichokes and sausage, and cook 3 minutes, stirring frequently. Add Italian seasoning, salt, and garlic; cook 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Place crust on a baking sheet. Bake for 6 minutes at 425 degrees. Remove from oven and spread marinara sauce evenly over crust, leaving a 1/2-inch border. Top with vegetable and sausage mixture,sprinkle evenly with cheese. Bake at 425° for 10 minutes or until cheese is bubbly and crust is brown. Sprinkle with parsley. Nutrition Facts Ratatouille Pizza Amount Per Serving (1 g) Calories 481 Calories from Fat 234 % Daily Value* Total Fat 26g 40% Sodium 1232mg 51% Total Carbohydrates 42g 14% Sugars 6g Protein 20g 40% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
**Recipe adapted from Cooking Light
The biggest event of the year in bitcoin just happened.
The network saw its mining reward—the amount of bitcoin miners receive for confirming transaction—get cut in half earlier today (July 9), around 12:48 EST. The event occurs after every 210,000 blocks are mined, or confirmed, by the system.
It's a significant moment for the bitcoin community. As we explained, the event was programmed into the system by its pseudonymous creator Satoshi Nakamoto. For miners, it results in a big drop in revenue—for one block mined, a miner would make around $16,000. Now, it's $8,000.
In the long term, experts think the halvening could spur bitcoin's price to new heights. A little over a year after the first bitcoin halving event in November 2012, the price reached an all-time high north of $1,000.
In the short term, there has been a bit of a drop, but nothing too dramatic. The bitcoin network seems stable though, and the price has already started to climb back up.
For more details on the bitcoin halving event, check out our explainer.
Stelligent Amazon Pollycast
UPDATE: The work for this blog post inspired the creation of a tool named mu to simplify the management of your microservices in ECS. Learn more by visiting getmu.io!
Architecting applications with microservices is all the rage with developers right now, but running them at scale with cost efficiency and high availability can be a real challenge. In this post, we will address this challenge by looking at an approach to building microservices with Spring Boot and deploying them with CloudFormation on AWS EC2 Container Service (ECS) and Application Load Balancers (ALB). We will start with describing the steps to build the microservice, then walk through the platform for running the microservices, and finally deploy our microservice on the platform.
Spring Boot was chosen for the microservice development as it is a very popular framework in the Java community for building “stand-alone, production-grade Spring based Applications” quickly and easily. However, since ECS is just running Docker containers you can substitute your preferred development framework for Spring Boot and the platform described in this post will be still be able to run your microservice.
This post builds upon a prior post called Automating ECS: Provisioning in CloudFormation that does an awesome job of explaining how to use ECS. If you are new to ECS, I'd highly recommend you review that before proceeding. This post will expand upon that by using the new Application Load Balancer that provides two huge features to improve the ECS experience:
Target Groups: Previously in a “Classic” Elastic Load Balancer (ELB), all targets had to be able to handle all possible types of requests that the ELB received. Now with target groups, you can route different URLs to different target groups, allowing heterogeneous deployments. Specifically, you can have two target groups that handle different URLs (eg. /bananas and /apples) and use the ALB to route traffic appropriately.
Previously in a “Classic” Elastic Load Balancer (ELB), all targets had to be able to handle all possible types of requests that the ELB received. Now with target groups, you can route different URLs to different target groups, allowing heterogeneous deployments. Specifically, you can have two target groups that handle different URLs (eg. /bananas and /apples) and use the ALB to route traffic appropriately. Per Target Ports: Previously in an ELB, all targets had to listen on the same port for traffic from the ELB. In ECS, this meant that you had to manage the ports that each container listened on. Additionally, you couldn't run multiple instances of a given container on a single ECS container instance since they would have different ports. Now, each container can use an ephemeral port (next available assigned by ECS) making port management and scaling up on a single ECS container instance a non-issue.
The infrastructure we create will look like the diagram below. Notice that there is a single shared ECS cluster and a single shared ALB with a target group, EC2 Container Registry (ECR) and ECS Service for each microservice deployed to the platform. This approach enables a cost efficient solution by using a single pool of compute resources for all the services. Additionally, high availability is accomplished via an Auto Scaling Group (ASG) for the ECS container instances that spans multiple Availability Zones (AZ).
Setup Your Development Environment
You will need to install the Spring Boot CLI to get started. The recommended way is to use SDKMAN! for the installation. First install SDKMAN! with:
$ curl -s "https://get.sdkman.io" | bash
Then, install Spring Boot with:
$ sdk install springboot
Alternatively, you could install with Homebrew:
$ brew tap pivotal/tap $ brew install springboot
Scaffold Your Microservice Project
For this example, we will be creating a microservice to manage bananas. Use the Spring Boot CLI to create a project:
$ spring init --build=gradle --package-name=com.stelligent --dependencies=web,actuator,hateoas -n Banana banana-service
This will create a new subdirectory named banana-service with the skeleton of a microservice in src/main/java/com/stelligent and a build.gradle file.
Develop the Microservice
Development of the microservice is a topic for an entire post of its own, but let's look at a few important bits. First, the application is defined in BananaApplication:
@SpringBootApplication public class BananaApplication { public static void main(String[] args) { SpringApplication.run(BananaApplication.class, args); } }
The @SpringBootApplication annotation marks the location to start component scanning and enables configuration of the context within the class.
Next, we have the controller class with contains the declaration of the REST routes.
@RequestMapping("/bananas") @RestController public class BananaController { @RequestMapping(method = RequestMethod.POST) public @ResponseBody BananaResource create(@RequestBody Banana banana) { // create a banana... } @RequestMapping(path = "/{id}", method = RequestMethod.GET) public @ResponseBody BananaResource retrieve(@PathVariable long id) { // get a banana by its id } }
These sample routes handle a POST of JSON banana data to /bananas for creating a new banana, and a GET from /bananas/1234 for retrieving a banana by it's id. To view a complete implementation of the controller including support for POST, PUT, GET, PATCH, and DELETE as well as HATEOAS for links between resources, check out BananaController.java.
Additionally, to look at how to accomplish unit testing of the services, check out the tests created in BananaControllerTest.java using WebMvcTest, MockMvc and Mockito.
Create Microservice Platform
The platform will consist of a separate CloudFormation stack that contains the following resources:
VPC – To provide the network infrastructure to launch the ECS container instances into.
– To provide the network infrastructure to launch the ECS container instances into. ECS Cluster – The cluster that the services will be deployed into.
– The cluster that the services will be deployed into. Auto Scaling Group – To manage the ECS container instances that contain to compute resources for running the containers.
– To manage the ECS container instances that contain to compute resources for running the containers. Application Load Balancer – To provide load balancing for the microservices running in containers. Additionally, this provides service discovery for the microservices.
The template is available at platform.template. The AMIs used by the Launch Configuration for the EC2 Container Instances must be the ECS optimized AMIs:
Mappings: AWSRegionToAMI: us-east-1: AMIID: ami-2b3b6041 us-west-2: AMIID: ami-ac6872cd eu-west-1: AMIID: ami-03238b70 ap-northeast-1: AMIID: ami-fb2f1295 ap-southeast-2: AMIID: ami-43547120 us-west-1: AMIID: ami-bfe095df ap-southeast-1: AMIID: ami-c78f43a4 eu-central-1: AMIID: ami-e1e6f88d
Additionally, the EC2 Container Instances must have the ECS Agent configured to register with the newly created ECS Cluster:
ContainerInstances: Type: AWS::AutoScaling::LaunchConfiguration Metadata: AWS::CloudFormation::Init: config: commands: 01_add_instance_to_cluster: command: !Sub | #!/bin/bash echo ECS_CLUSTER=${EcsCluster} >> /etc/ecs/ecs.config
Next, an Application Load Balancer is created for the later stacks to register with:
EcsElb: Type: AWS::ElasticLoadBalancingV2::LoadBalancer Properties: Subnets: - !Ref PublicSubnetAZ1 - !Ref PublicSubnetAZ2 - !Ref PublicSubnetAZ3 EcsElbListener: Type: AWS::ElasticLoadBalancingV2::Listener Properties: LoadBalancerArn: !Ref EcsElb DefaultActions: - Type: forward TargetGroupArn: !Ref EcsElbDefaultTargetGroup Port: '80' Protocol: HTTP
Finally we have a Gradle task in our build.gradle for upserting the platform CloudFormation stack based on a custom task named StackUpTask defined in buildSrc.
task platformUp(type: StackUpTask) { region project.region stackName "${project.stackBaseName}-platform" template file("ecs-resources/platform.template") waitForComplete true capabilityIam true if(project.hasProperty('keyName')) { stackParams['KeyName'] = project.keyName } }
Simply run the following to create/update the platform stack:
$ gradle platformUp
Deploy Microservice
Once the platform stack has been created, there are two additional stacks to create for each microservice. First, there is a repo stack that creates the EC2 Container Registry (ECR) for the microservice. This stack also creates a target group for the microservice and adds the target group to the ALB with a rule for which URL path patterns should be routed to the target group.
The second stack is for the service and creates the ECS task definition based on the version of the docker image that should be run, as well as the ECS service which specifies how many tasks to run and the ALB to associate with.
The reason for the two stacks is that you must have the ECR provisioned before you can push a docker image to it, and you must have a docker image in the ECR before creating the ECS service. Ideally, you would create the repo stack once, then configure a CodePipeline job to continuously push changes to the code to ECR as new images and then updating the service stack to reference the newly pushed image.
The entire repo template is available at repo.template, an important new resource to check out is the ALB Listener Rule that provides the URL patterns that should be handled by the new target group that is created:
EcsElbListenerRule: Type: AWS::ElasticLoadBalancingV2::ListenerRule Properties: Actions: - Type: forward TargetGroupArn: !Ref EcsElbTargetGroup Conditions: - Field: path-pattern Values: [“/bananas”] ListenerArn: !Ref EcsElbListenerArn Priority: 1
The entire service template is available at service.template, but notice that the ECS Task Definition uses port 0 for HostPort. This allows for ephemeral ports that are assigned by ECS to remove the requirement for us to manage container ports:
MicroserviceTaskDefinition: Type: AWS::ECS::TaskDefinition Properties: ContainerDefinitions: - Name: banana-service Cpu: '10' Essential: 'true' Image: !Ref ImageUrl Memory: '300' PortMappings: - HostPort: 0 ContainerPort: 8080 Volumes: []
Next, notice how the ECS Service is created and associated with the newly created Target Group:
EcsService: Type: AWS::ECS::Service Properties: Cluster: !Ref EcsCluster DesiredCount: 6 DeploymentConfiguration: MaximumPercent: 100 MinimumHealthyPercent: 0 LoadBalancers: - ContainerName: microservice-exemplar-container ContainerPort: '8080' TargetGroupArn: !Ref EcsElbTargetGroupArn Role: !Ref EcsServiceRole TaskDefinition: !Ref MicroserviceTaskDefinition
Finally, we have a Gradle task in our service build.gradle for upserting the repo CloudFormation stack:
task repoUp(type: StackUpTask) { region project.region stackName "${project.stackBaseName}-repo-${project.name}" template file("../ecs-resources/repo.template") waitForComplete true capabilityIam true stackParams['PathPattern'] ='/bananas' stackParams['RepoName'] = project.name }
And then another to upsert the service CloudFormation stack:
task serviceUp(type: StackUpTask) { region project.region stackName "${project.stackBaseName}-service-${project.name}" template file("../ecs-resources/service.template") waitForComplete true capabilityIam true stackParams['ServiceDesiredCount'] = project.serviceDesiredCount stackParams['ImageUrl'] = "${project.repoUrl}:${project.revision}" mustRunAfter dockerPushImage }
And finally, a task to coordinate the management of the stacks and the build/push of the image:
task deploy(dependsOn: ['dockerPushImage', 'serviceUp']) { description "Upserts the repo stack, pushes a docker image, then upserts the service stack" } dockerPushImage.dependsOn repoUp
This then provides a simple command to deploy new or update existing microservices:
$ gradle deploy
Defining a similar build.gradle file in other microservices to deploy them to the same platform.
Blue/Green Deployment
When running the gradle deploy, the existing service stack is updated to use a new task definition that references a new docker image in ECR. This CloudFormation update causes ECS to do a rolling replacement of the containers, launching new containers with the new image and killing containers with the old image.
However, if you are looking for a more traditional blue/green deployment, this could be accomplished by creating a new service stack (the green stack) with the new docker image, rather than updating the existing. The new stack would attach to the existing ALB target group at which point you could update the existing service stack (the blue stack) to no longer reference the ALB target group, which would take it out of service without killing the containers.
Next Steps
Stay tuned for future blog posts that builds on this platform by accomplishing service discovery in a more decoupled manner through the use of Eureka as a service registry, Ribbon as a service client, and Zuul as an edge router.
Additionally, this solution isn't complete since there is no Continuous Delivery pipeline defined. Look for an additional post showing how to use CodePipeline to orchestrate the movement of changes to the microservice source code into production.
The code for the examples demonstrated in this post are located at https://github.com/stelligent/microservice-exemplar. Let us know if you have any comments or questions @stelligent.
Are you interested in building resilient applications in AWS? Stelligent is hiring!
Copyright by KSNT - All rights reserved Randall Eugene Hartman Jr.
Copyright by KSNT - All rights reserved Randall Eugene Hartman Jr.
KSNT News - HOLTON, Kan. (KSNT) - A Topeka man has been arrested in Jackson County following reports of an aggravated domestic battery in Holton.
The Jackson County Sheriff's Office assisted the Holton Police Department Sunday evening on the reported incident in the 500 block of Ohio Street around 9:30. Multiple law enforcement agencies searched for the alleged suspect, identified as Randall Eugene Hartman Jr., 30, of Topeka. An initial report said Hartman was allegedly carrying a rifle and had made threatening statements towards the victim. They were taken into custody by the Holton Police Department and other agencies around 2:00 a.m. Monday in Holton.
According to the sheriff's office, Hartman was booked into the Jackson County Jail for attempted second degree murder, aggravated domestic battery, domestic battery, criminal damage to property and disorderly conduct. Their bond was set at $75,000.
HOUSTON (CN) – Texas jailers broke a paraplegic's leg and left them “naked and lying in a pool of their own urine” for trying to tell a guard they needed to use the bathroom, the man claims in court.
Curby Harkless sued Brazoria County, its sheriff's office and jail, on Friday in Federal Court.
Brazoria County is 40 minutes south of Houston.
Harkless says a Brazoria County sheriff's deputy arrested them during an Oct. 17 traffic stop because they had an outstanding traffic warrant. They were a passenger in the car, Harkless said, and was on deferred adjudication for possession of a controlled substance.
At the county jail, Harkless says, jailers placed them in their wheelchair in a cell with a window that looked out on the booking area.
“After a long period of time, Harkless needed to use the restroom,” the complaint states. “Because of their paraplegia, Harkless must use a catheter to empty their bladder. Harkless generally carries catheters with them at all times. However, their catheter had been taken from him.”
They say they became desperate to urinate and looked out the cell window.
“Harkless noticed a jailer walking by and knocked on the window and tried to indicate that they needed their catheter to use the restroom. Harkless does not know the identity of this jailer and they will be referred to herein as Jailer #1.
“In response to Harkless knocking on the window, Jailer #1 shouted at him, ‘Don't knock on the m…f… window no g..d… more.'” (Ellipses in complaint.)
Harkless says after a while urine dribbled on their pants and they again banged on the window to get the guard's attention.
“Jailer #1 responded, ‘Didn't I tell you not to knock on that g..d… window?' Jailer #1 then said, ‘I got something for you,'” the complaint states.
Harkless says four guards stormed their cell and pushed them into a windowless cell, where they lifted them from their wheelchair and put them facedown on the ground.
The guards put knees to their face, neck and back as they yanked on their arms and legs, Harkless says.
“Harkless felt a pain in their right leg, but was powerless to do or say anything about it,” the complaint states. “This continued for as long as Harkless could hold their breath when finally Harkless sputtered, ‘Can't breathe.'”
Harkless pleaded to see a doctor, but the jailers said nothing, and instead of helping him, they stripped them naked, they say.
“Jailer #1 and the other jailers then left the cell, taking Harkless's clothes and wheelchair, leaving Harkless alone, naked and laying [sic] in a pool of their own urine,” the complaint states.
The next morning, Harkless says, another guard brought them their urine-soaked clothes and wheelchair and they were processed out of the jail.
“A family member was waiting outside for Harkless. Upon seeing Harkless and the condition of their leg, they asked to speak to someone in the jail about what happened,” the complaint states.
“She was told to wait for someone to come who could speak with them No one came. The family member took Harkless home to change into clean clothes, then to Matagorda Regional Medical Center, where X-rays confirmed a separated spiral fracture … of the right femur.”
Harkless seeks damages for civil rights violations and wants their medical bills paid.
 They are represented by Leland Irwin of Richmond.
Like this: Like Loading...
At Focus Lab we tackle a variety of branding projects each year and during those projects we constantly arrive at the question…
“so what color(s) are right for this brand?”
There is no perfect answer but I am going to do my best to give you my thoughts on this and hopefully help you draw your own conclusions.
Before we talk colors, let's talk color. Singular.
Every brand strives to capture a unique color that will define them, use as their own, and be immediately recognizable.
Think Tiffany. They are the best example in my mind. There are others like Coca-Cola, John Deere, and UPS. Did you immediately see light blue, red, green, and brown when I mentioned these brands? These brands have achieved what for some may be impossible. It's great to set big goals with color, but only a small percentage of brands can actually achieve this kind of recognition. This was not just because of a great color choice, but because brands are built over time. In the beginning it's important to simply target a color that will do three things:
Resonate with your target audience Capture the emotion and tone of your brand Separate yourself from your competition
Resonating with your audience
It's important that you want your audience to feel comfortable within your brand experience. For instance, if you are targeting senior citizens then 80s neon is likely not the color for you. On the flip side, your color options explode when you are targeting a younger demographic. There are also companies that reach just about everyone (Facebook) so the color decisions can become a bit more neutral and safe. The point is you should be aware of this and let it begin to inform your decisions. Don't forget cultural differences as well. We recently worked with a Tokyo-based company and quickly found out that the color we pitched (bold pink) was the national color for pornography. Not good.
Buuuuuut…
Don't be so afraid to be bold and break convention. Change is good and you may be surprised about what your audience will accept. There is a time to be safe and a time to be daring. You will have to find your own comfort level with that. During our projects we take liberty to go bold in the beginning of the process. Then we pull it back as the brand requires before making our final decision.
Capture the emotion and tone of your brand
It's always important to think about what a color means. What does it represent and how does that relate to your brand? What emotion does it drive and why? The topic of color psychology is extremely interesting and covered pretty widely these days.
It's helpful to know if your color choices are a good match from a subconscious and psychological perspective. It's not always so cut and dry but it's nice to keep in mind. For instance, certain colors might be avoided in food brands because of what they mean in nature (i.e. black = rotten).
There is room to stretch the boundaries here as well but again, it all comes down to your comfort level. We were confident that the pink from the above story would work if the brand remained fearless about it. The client was not as confident. In the end, we added some red to the mix. That took away the negative attributes they were feeling, while also keeping the impact we wanted for them.
Separate yourself from your competition
This is the hardest part and not always true.
While it makes sense to want to feel different from your competition, color is not the only interaction they have with you. It might be a large one depending on who you are, but it's not the end all. If all the colors in your space are taken, it doesn't mean you need to pick a random color. You still need to do what's best for your brand, product, and audience before choosing to be different. The big tech giants are really good examples of this.
This was my first non-traditional Sydney Opera House gig, and I had my doubts. Could a slick and seated venue like this really be the right vibe for Underworld? The toilets were clean, too clean. How long will it take people to get out of their seats? Will that frustrate me? Will I frustrate the people behind me if I dance the whole time? Will the lighting be too ‘theatre' and not ‘club' enough? Will dancing to ‘Scribble' be the same without a plastic cup of beer sloshing about in one hand? In retrospect, I'm ashamed of my lack of faith.
The show hadn't even begun and it already felt like some sort of twisted takeover of high culture's home base. The Opera House bells were persistently (but politely) yammering at us to take our seats but the queues for the bar obstinately refused to lessen. It was all a bit surreal; I've definitely never been “belled in” to my techno before.
Within half a second of Karl Hyde and Rick Smith walking on stage the crowd set a decibel challenge for itself and maintained the roar for the duration. Within ten seconds of the first tune (‘Mmm… Skyscrapers, I Love You') everyone in the theatre was on their or their feet and, with only a handful of nooby exceptions, stayed that way for the next two hours. The bar in the foyer remained open and the ushers gave up trying to usher, so I had that plastic cup of beer to spill to ‘Scribble' or any other tune I wanted.
Speaking of which, I am in redoubled awe at the power of Underworld's music, which presented itself in the best possible conditions last night. Favourites from Barbara Barbara… ‘I Exhale' and ‘If Rah' were aired early, and held their own marvellously against the classics that were to come. The halfway transition of ‘Two Months Off' into ‘Scribble' was the most glorious fifteen minutes of my year to date and ‘Ring Road' set such a stomp the Concert Hall almost shook beneath it.
The accompanying light show was fabulous: golden glowing runways of bulbs gave way to a wash of green during ‘King of Snake', we fell into a full on rave hole during the heavy strobing of ‘Cowgirl' and roving deep purple spots formed the backdrop to ‘Kittens', its swirling synths and manic drums almost drowned out by the mounting thunder of audience appreciation – easily the climax of the night.
Hyde, in excellent form, was charging and flailing about the stage like an extra terrestrial tune puppet sent to earth for one night as a vessel through which to deliver The Rave. “Look at you,” they mused. “You all look a bit dodgy. I'm proud of you.”
What year was it? What day was it? How old am I? Where are we? I answered these questions in my head with a grin. Most people are between 25 and 45, it's a Tuesday evening more than two decades since Underworld burst onto the scene, we're in the bloody Concert Hall and we are having a proper party. Result.
"The Sydney Opera House…” Hyde went on. “Didn't see that one coming.” We knew what they meant. The audience of slightly crusting used-to-be ravers were in equal parts vindicated and incredulous as the anthems of a working class subculture resounded in the halls of the nation's home of high culture. Underworld has come a long way.
The ‘Born Slippy' finale was climactic, overwhelming and wonderful. It was the last tune, the final chance to show appreciation, the audience was bathed in a golden light and every single person in the room knew and loved the song. I looked around at the raised arms and smiling faces around me and imagined them as face-chewing ravers losing their minds to this song ten, even twenty years ago. That time meant nothing; the present was everything.
It was a huge moment, but it's a testament to the crowd and to Underworld's incredible catalogue that ‘Born Slippy' wasn't the moment. “This is our parting gift to you” Hyde said, because there was the feeling that we'd earned it, rather than been waiting for it. In a room full of true Underworld fans, 'Born Slippy' was the cherry on top, not the cake.
Last night the Sydney Opera House proved its diversity as a music venue. Underworld proved the power of its music, old and new, to create wholly engrossing moments of euphoria. Ticket holders proved they were all legends.
Full marks.
In a declaration adopted on Friday, the Bulgarian parliament called on the European Commission to take immediate action, including launching an infringement procedure, against the Greek government for its failure to lift the border blockade staged by Greek farmers in the past month.
The MPs adopted the declaration unanimously, with all 186 lawmakers present in the plenary chamber voting in favour of it.
The declaration also calls on Greek authorities to take the necessary measures for restoring order and ensuring the free movement of people and goods across the border.
The MPs also urge Bulgarian authorities to continue their efforts on solving the crisis.
The parliament expressed confidence that the crisis will not lead to worsening of bilateral relations.
Bulgarian Transport Minister Ivaylo Moskovki demands the blockade to be lifted completely and the agriculture machinery to be withdrawn.
Moskovski also called on Greek police to ensure that protesting farmers will not be able to return and stage a new blockade.
Protesting proposed increases to tax and pension contributions, Greek farmers have been staging blockades at checkpoints along the border in the past four weeks.
The tensions escalated on Tuesday, when Bulgarian truck drivers staged a counter-blockade after Greek farmers had failed to keep up to their promise to temporarily lift the blockade at certain hours each day to avoid the queuing up of trucks.
Bulgarian drivers gradually extended the counter-blockade along all six border checkpoints, closing the last two crossings – Ivaylovgrad and Zlatograd on Friday.
The counter-blockade is set to continue for an indefinite period of time and drivers are determined to stay at the border until Athens takes measures on ending the blockade.
Bulgarian authorities have repeatedly called on Greek officials and the European Commission to take measures against the blockade as it is violating fundamental principles of the EU such as the free movement of people and goods.
Following the Manchester terror attack at an Ariana Grande concert last month, Noel Gallagher quietly donated the royalties from Oasis' “Don't Look Back in Anger” to help the victims' families, NME reports. A representative for Gallagher confirmed the news to Pitchfork. Liam Gallagher chided their brother yesterday for not participating in “One Love Manchester”—the all-star concert Grande held on Sunday—and called them a “sad fuck.” In response to Liam's tweets, Radio X host Gordon Smart defended Noel by revealing the news about their donation.
“It's only right to point out, and I don't think this is public knowledge because I'm sure they would never have mentioned it, but I found out today that as soon as ‘Don't Look Back in Anger' started to appear spontaneously at the vigils, they made sure all the royalties went to the families,” said Smart. “That was before any gig was mentioned.” Coldplay covered the song at Grande's benefit, leading the audience in a sing along. They thanked and defended Noel on Twitter earlier today.
Revisit “Dueling Potato Brothers: The Collected Oasis Fights and Insults.”
The talks two weeks ago in Istanbul between Iran and the United States and other world powers were something of a turning point in the current American thinking about Iran. In the days leading up to the talks, there had been little optimism in Washington, but Iranian negotiators appeared more flexible and open to resolving the crisis than expected, even though no agreement was reached other than to talk again, in Baghdad next month. American officials believe the looming threat of tighter economic sanctions to take effect on July 1 convinced the Iranians to take the negotiations more seriously, and that in turn has reduced the threat of war.
“There is a combination of factors coming online, including the talks and the sanctions, and so now I think people realize it has to be given time to play out,” one administration official said, who, like the other official, spoke without attribution in order to discuss sensitive matters. “We are in a period now where the combination of diplomacy and pressure is giving us a window.”
In a television appearance on Wednesday, Senator John Kerry , the chairperson of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said, “I have confidence that there is a way forward.”
Senior Iranian leaders have sought to portray the Istanbul round of negotiations as successful, which might be a sign, American officials and outside analysts said, that the Iranian government is preparing the public for a deal with the West that could be portrayed as a win for Iran.
“I see that we are at the beginning of the end of what I call the ‘manufactured Iran file,' ” the Iranian foreign minister, Ali Akbar Salehi , said after the talks. “At the Baghdad meeting, I see more progress,” they predicted.
IRNA, the Iranian state-controlled news service, reported last week that a leading Iranian cleric, Ayatollah Kazem Seddiqi, had made positive statements about the negotiations. The news service said that the cleric, in their Friday sermon to thousands of worshipers in Tehran, said that if the United States and other nations negotiating with Iran show “logical behavior in nuclear talks, the outcome will be good for all.”
According to IRNA, Ayatollah Seddiqi said the Istanbul meeting showed “the power and dignity of the Iranian nation and was the outcome of people's resistance and following the supreme leader's guidelines.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At the same time in Israel, the conservative government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been rocked by a series of public comments from current and former Israeli military and intelligence officials questioning the wisdom of attacking Iran.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The latest comments came from Yuval Diskin, the former chief of Shin Bet, Israel's domestic security service, who on Friday said Mr. Netanyahu and Defense Minister Ehud Barak should not be trusted to determine policy on Iran. They said the judgments of both men have been clouded by “messianic feelings.” Mr. Diskin, who was chief of Shin Bet until last year, said an attack against Iran might cause it to speed up its nuclear program.
Just days before, Israel's army chief of staff suggested in an interview with the Israeli newspaper Haaretz that the Iranian nuclear threat was not quite as imminent as Mr. Netanyahu has portrayed it. In their comments, Lt. Gen. Benny Gantz suggested that they agreed with the intelligence assessments of the United States that Iran has not yet decided whether to build a nuclear bomb.
Iran “is going step by step to the place where it will be able to decide whether to manufacture a nuclear bomb. It hasn't yet decided whether to go the extra mile,” General Gantz told Haaretz. They suggested that the crisis may not come to a head this year. But they said, “Clearly, the more the Iranians progress, the worse the situation is.”
Last month, Meir Dagan, the former chief of the Israeli spy agency Mossad, said they did not advocate a pre-emptive Israeli strike against Iran's nuclear program anytime soon. In an interview with CBS 's “60 Minutes,” Mr. Dagan said the Iranian government was “a very rational one,” and that Iranian officials were “considering all the implications of their actions.”
Mr. Netanyahu is dealing with the criticisms at the same time as they face, for domestic political reasons, the prospect of an election this year, rather than next.
The divide within the Israeli establishment is significant because Israel has been threatening to launch a unilateral strike against Iran's nuclear facilities if the United States is unwilling to do so. Washington has feared that if Israel were to do so, the United States could get dragged into the fight, which could result in a widening war in the region.
The crisis atmosphere seemed most pronounced in March, when Mr. Netanyahu visited Washington. Mr. Obama, fearful of antagonizing American Jewish voters during an election year, tried to strike a balance, appearing supportive of Israel but still stopping short of endorsing military action anytime soon. They said at the time that they “had Israel's back,” and strongly suggested that the United States would take military action to prevent Iran from ever acquiring a nuclear bomb.
Mr. Obama made it clear that they would not be willing to pursue a policy of “containment” on Iran, in which the United States would accept an Iranian nuclear weapon while seeking to prevent a further nuclear arms race in the Middle East .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Abandoning containment as a policy option was the result of an intense debate within the administration, and moved Washington a bit closer to the Israeli position, and it was considered by the White House to be the biggest reward they were willing to give Mr. Netanyahu during their visit. Yet Mr. Obama also made it clear that they believe now is the time to give diplomacy a chance.
But some analysts warned that the Iran crisis could heat up again if there was not much progress at the Baghdad talks. The Istanbul meetings were designed simply to determine whether Iran was serious about beginning a new round of negotiations, but in the Baghdad sessions, the United States and other countries are expected to demand that Iran begin to discuss the details of a possible deal. That would require that Iran show a willingness to compromise on its uranium enrichment program, perhaps by agreeing to halt its efforts to enrich at 20 percent, a level that is higher than is needed for civilian nuclear power.
Iran has said that its 20 percent enrichment effort is for use in a research reactor, but the United States and Israel suspect that it is actually an interim step in efforts to reach 90 percent enrichment, considered weapons-grade. If Iran does not engage in a substantive discussion of the details of its program in Baghdad, the crisis atmosphere may return.
According to the latest Gallup poll, Mitt Romney has leapt from a significant deficit to a 2-point lead in the wake of their widely lauded Presidential debate performance.  They are simultaneously closing in on Obama's lead in several swing states.
This dramatic change may turn out to be even more meaningful when viewed through a lens that properly values the psychological power of incumbency.
A shift by the electorate away from an incumbent president has more in common with divorce than it does with opting against a second date.
When Americans bond with a president for more than three years, the decision to back a different candidate often comes only after much soul-searching and an extreme level of discomfort. When real disappointment sets in, and voters finally voice their intention to support the challenger, their decision can be permanent. They may be saying that the relationship is, finally, beyond repair—that there is no going back.
In my practice, marriages rarely end over a single event or disappointment. But, one event can, indeed, represent a breaking point when dissatisfaction has been simmering for months or years. The first presidential debate was such an event.
For the sake of metaphor, think of any friend who has called you and, after a tumultuous, but passionate, relationship, finally, finally, come to the realization that their husband isn't the man they thought they are—at all.
[pullquote]
It isn't that their husband hasn't failed them before; they have. But something happens to crystallize their intent to move on—a particularly harsh comment from him, a single and obvious lie (one too many). And when they announce they are leaving, and you hear resolve, rather than wistfulness, in their voice, you know they are not turning back. They aren't making a show of packing their bags; she's moving out.
Finally.
Well, millions of voters may now have packed their bags and moved out, after a whirlwind romance with President Obama and a relatively short marriage marred by unemployment, constant arguing, name-calling, signs they never much liked them, anyhow (at least not the patriotic ones), and one of those terrible nights (debate night) when (in those words that any man who has gravely disappointed a woman has heard) they “had nothing to say for himself.”
Sure, some incumbents bounce back from deficits (double entendre intended), but this analysis of the president permanently plummeting in polls may be even more true given that tens of millions of Americans didn't just support him; they actually fell a little in love with him. They swooned over him. Now, the honeymoon seems finally to be over. And, for anyone who has tried going on a second honeymoon, they'll tell you that you really can't. It just isn't the same.
Moreover, I believe many Americans who fell for President Obama based their relationship with them on more than just agreeing with their policies.
In my opinion, they also valued the relationship because it symbolized the wonderful distance America has traveled away from prejudice.
While no one would argue there might be some Americans who refused to vote for the president because of their color, no one can credibly argue that some Americans didn't vote for them precisely because they are a person of color. And these voters, especially, I believe, felt real regret telling pollsters that President Obama had lost their votes—regret for what might have been: not only the election of the first black president of the United States (a truly inspiring event), but the re-election of a black president they had sincerely hoped would be successful.
Once that hope was shattered by reality, and these folks actually admitted it—not only to themselves, but to pollsters on the telephone—it may have become, almost instantly, impossible to restore.
Crushes based on appearance tend to fall like lead balloons when the good-lookin' person who made your heart race humiliates you in front of your friends.
And millions of people who had hopped into bed with the president hoping for the best in 2008 must have felt pretty humiliated waking up the morning after the first presidential debate.
• Customs officers in Central Java in Indonesia late last year foiled an attempt to smuggle 6.7 tons of dried tokay geckos (large, orange-spotted lizards) bound for Hong Kong and mainland China. The creatures are popular in the pet trade and are also used in traditional Chinese medicine in the belief they can cure maladies like diabetes, asthma, skin disease and cancer.
And that, experts say, is just the tip of the iceberg, in a market that is thought to be worth many billions of U.S. dollars a year.
The trade in animal and plant life, including in creatures protected by international conventions, has skyrocketed over the past decade or so, largely because of soaring demand from mainland China and many other parts of Asia.
By now, illegal wildlife trading ranks among the top five most valuable illicit markets globally, after counterfeiting and the illegal trafficking in drugs, humans and oil, according to Global Financial Integrity, a research and advocacy organization based in Washington.
Rising levels of affluence mean that many millions are now able to buy coveted items like rare pets, plants and animals thought to have medicinal benefits, and food items or decorative wood that were once the purview of the privileged few. At the same time, transport and trade links have improved considerably, smoothing the flow of both legal and illegal goods.
“Not only have people got more cash, but the transport infrastructure has got much better — there are more flights connecting Asian markets than ever before,” said James Compton, senior director for Asia-Pacific at Traffic, an international organization that monitors wildlife trade.
All this is making the work of smugglers easier — and the work of wildlife protectors harder.
And although an increase in the number of smuggling intercepts is partly the result of improved customs checks, it also reflects that fact that the globalization of wildlife trade picked up in 2011.
Photo
“We've seen a rise in the number of very large shipments — of a ton or more — and a shift from air transport to sea transport,” said Mr. Compton. “Sea cargo undergoes less scrutiny at ports; the sheer number of containers means there's less chance that a particular cargo will be checked.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
There have been some positive developments recently, and the political will to combat wildlife crime is by no means absent. Asian governments, for example, have recently stepped up efforts at international collaboration to address the problems.
Wildlife traders at Chatuchak market in Bangkok, a sprawling weekend market that is an important hub for the trade in rare wildlife, are more cautious than they once were about selling their wares, according to Onkuri Majumdar, a senior programs officer at Freeland Foundation in Bangkok, which helps train the enforcement authorities and raise public awareness.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The sale of shark fins has been banned in several U.S. states after soaring demand from China, where shark-fin soup is considered an essential dish at weddings, led to a steep fall in global shark populations.
And in South Africa, which is bearing the brunt of the recent jump in demand in rhinoceros poaching, the budget of the national parks authority has been more than doubled in the past few years, said Morné du Plessis, the chief executive of the environmental group W.W.F. in that country.
“The likelihood of getting caught and severely punished for rhino poaching have risen substantially in South Africa recently,” Mr. du Plessis said by phone from Johannesburg last month.
But, they said, “the battle is not going to be won in Africa. The battle is going to be won where the demand is — in Asia.”
For the time being, however, those fighting the trade in Asia are often under-resourced and responsible for combating many other types of smuggling, according to campaigners like Ms. Majumdar of Freeland Foundation.
The penalties for getting caught, meanwhile, are generally too mild to act as much of a deterrent for poachers and traders. Very few seizures are moved through solid case preparation to use the full force of the law against organized wildlife crimes.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“At the moment, the risks are viewed as very low, and the financial opportunities as very high,” Mr. Compton of Traffic said.
Take rhinoceros horn, for example. By weight, this is now probably more valuable than gold, according to Mr. du Plessis, and poachers are often highly organized and well equipped, with night-vision equipment and helicopters. The reason: many Vietnamese harbor a belief — which is not backed by scientific proof — that rhinoceros horn can cure cancer and other diseases, and they are willing to spend a lot on just a sliver of the supposed miracle cure.
Without demand of this kind, the trade in wildlife — rhinoceroses, tigers, scaly ant-eaters, rare tortoises, sharks or precious wood used in the manufacture of traditional, high-end furniture in China — would not be as lucrative as it is. So raising awareness among consumers has become a main focus of campaign groups in Asia.
“We have to go beyond posters at airports,” Mr. Compton said. “We have to come up with new, innovative strategies, of substantial scale and duration, to address demand. If we can make consumption of endangered wildlife uncool among young people in Asia, then perhaps we have a chance of really shifting things.”
Roman historian Tacitus wrote Germania in the first century A.D. as a study of the strengths and weaknesses of Germany's tribes. They observed men who failed to lead their families and nations, but also strong marriage bonds that kept the people united.
Strict Marriage Code
Tacitus was most impressed with Germanian marriage customs. They noted that women remained devoted wives and mothers due to this arrangement, and that “every mother suckles their own offspring,” leading to healthy childhood development. Dowry gifts were a crucial part of the religious marriage ceremony.
While women today look forward to the wedding and put little thought into the actual marriage, the German wedding served as a life-long reminder of their duties.
“Their marriage code, however, is strict, and indeed no part of their manners is more praiseworthy. Almost alone among barbarians they are content with one wife, except a very few among them, and these not from sensuality, but because their noble birth… The parents and relatives are present, and pass judgment on the marriage-gifts, gifts not meant to suit a woman's taste, nor such as a bride would deck themselves with, but oxen, a caparisoned steed, a shield, a lance, and a sword. With these presents the wife is espoused, and they themselves in their turn brings their husband a gift of arms. This they count their strongest bond of union, these their sacred mysteries, these their gods of marriage. Lest the woman should think themselves to stand apart from aspirations after noble deeds and from the perils of war, they are reminded by the ceremony which inaugurates marriage that they are their husband's partner in toil and danger, destined to suffer and to dare with them alike both in in war… They must live and die with the feeling that they are receiving what they must hand down to their children neither tarnished nor depreciated, what future daughters-in-law may receive, and may be so passed on to their grandchildren. Thus with their virtue protected they live uncorrupted by the allurements of public shows or the stimulant of feastings. Clandestine correspondence is equally unknown to men and women. Very rare for so numerous a population is adultery, the punishment for which is prompt, and in the husband's power. Having cut off the hair of the adulteress and stripped them naked, they expel them from the house in the presence of their kinsfolk, and then flogs them through the whole village. The loss of chastity meets with no indulgence; neither beauty, youth, nor wealth will procure the culprit a husband. No one in Germany laughs at vice, nor do they call it the fashion to corrupt and to be corrupted. Still better is the condition of those states in which only maidens are given in marriage, and where the hopes and expectations of a bride are then finally terminated. They receive one husband, as having one body and one life, that they may have no thoughts beyond, no further-reaching desires, that they may love not so much the husband as the married state. To limit the number of children or to destroy any of their subsequent offspring is accounted infamous, and good habits are here more effectual than good laws elsewhere.”
Women Led Battles
Women were venerated as symbols of freedom, and they were respected to such a degree that women stood before soldiers and made passionate speeches to urge them forward. This caused massive slaughter as men mindlessly charged forward against an obviously stronger foe. The women were in turn raped and subjugated. Tacitus wrote:
“Tradition says that armies already wavering and giving way have been rallied by women who, with earnest entreaties and bosoms laid bare, have vividly represented the horrors of captivity, which the Germans fear with such extreme dread on behalf of their women, that the strongest tie by which a state can be bound is the being required to give, among the number of hostages, maidens of noble birth. They even believe that the sex has a certain sanctity and prescience, and they do not despise their counsels, or make light of their answers. In Vespasian's days we saw Veleda, long regarded by many as a divinity. In former times, too, they venerated Aurinia, and many other women…”
It is certainly commendable to fight as a soldier for one's family, however such worship of women is not positive. Unfortunately, today we see the same nonsensical ideas that women have special prescience or nobility.
Women's involvement in war matters breeds extremism, as evidenced by the female jihadists involved in the Paris and San Berandino attacks. David Chelsey's daffy defense of Farook's wife just goes to show how irrational this extremism still broods today.
Need For Patriarchy
Loading...
“Whenever they are not fighting, they pass much of their time in the chase, and still more in idleness, giving themselves up to sleep and to feasting, the bravest and the most warlike doing nothing, and surrendering the management of the household, of the home, and of the land, to the women, the old men, and all the weakest members of the family. They themselves lie buried in sloth, a strange combination in their nature that the same men should be so fond of idleness, so averse to peace.”
It seems that the main issue here is that men surrendered of leadership to women and the elderly. This brought weakness to families and the community. Patriarchal leadership has been established from the beginning of time, and patriarchy is important in modern advanced urban societies as well as ancient migratory communities. It is no coincidence that matriarchal societies and religions have always toppled, one by one.
Less Distinction Between Sexes
Tacitus seemed unimpressed with the way women dressed. They looked too much like men. Still, at least they had different roles for men and women, and never even considered “gender equality” like our culture does today.
“The women have the same dress as the men except that they generally wrap themselves in linen garments, which they embroider with purple, and do not lengthen out the upper part of their clothing into sleeves. The upper and lower arm is thus bare, and the nearest part of the bosom is also exposed.”
Willful Enslavement
Tacitus was shocked that barbarians willingly became slaves through gambling. Slavery was not very serious, though. It was only temporary until a debt was repaid, somewhat similar to accumulating credit card debt today. Their warning is therefore applicable to many of us today.
“Strangely enough they make games of hazard a serious occupation even when sober, and so venturesome are they about gaining or losing, that, when every other resource has failed, on the last and final throw they stake the freedom of their own persons. The loser goes into voluntary slavery; though the younger and stronger, they suffer themselves to be bound and sold. Such is their stubborn persistency in a bad practice; they themselves call it honour. Slaves of this kind the owners part with in the way of commerce… The other slaves are not employed after our manner with distinct domestic duties assigned to them, but each one has the management of a house and home of their own. The master requires from the slave a certain quantity of grain, of cattle, and of clothing, as they would from a tenant, and this is the limit of subjection. All other household functions are discharged by the wife and children. To strike a slave or to punish them with bonds or with hard labour is a rare occurrence. They often kill them, not in enforcing strict discipline, but on the impulse of passion, as they would an enemy, only it is done with impunity.”
Arminius
Tacitus presented barbarian hero Arminius as a pillar of masculinity. In the first century A.D., the Roman empire swept across Europe until one man stood up to them. Due to their intimate knowledge of Rome's military, Arminius subverted the empire and ended their conquest.
Defeated tribal chiefs were forced to give up their firstborn sons to Rome as hostages in case their tribe attempted a rebellion. At a very young age, Arminius was given up by their father Segimer of the Cheruscans, and subsequently transported to Rome, where they received a classic education and military training to fight for Rome.
This story causes me to reflect. Do we not see a similar characteristic of today's education system? Traditional parents are forced to put their children in public schools, where they are indoctrinated by social justice proponents to hate their parents and fight for a revolution. Is Rome's strategy for conquest much different today?
When they witnessed the brutality of Rome's governor Quintilius Varus, Arminius rejected their pro-Roman indoctrination and turned to the people of their birth. They gained the trust of the barbarians, united the tribes in a ruthless subversion of Rome's military, and kept their plans secret until their sneak-attack at Teutoburg Forest. Their small force led a sustained campaign, which took advantage of their home terrain and knowledge of Roman military tactics.
All this came at great cost to Arminius, however. Their wife's pro-Roman father handed their wife over to Rome, where they and their son eventually died in captivity. Arminius was “driven frantic by the seizure of their wife and the subjugation to slavery of their unborn child.” But Tacitus notes that their devotion to Arminius remained steady, as they stood “unconquered to a tear, without a word of entreaty, their hands clasped tightly in the folds of their robe and their gaze fixed on their heavy womb.”
Arminius serves as a model of a man who thinks beyond the propaganda of their education, who unites and leads, and who sacrifices for their nation.
Read More: How To Be Masculine Like The Zaporozhian Cossacks
Education Dept. torched for misspelling W.E.B. Du Bois in tweet
CLOSE Twitter users had a field day after the Department of Education misspelled W.E.B. Du Bois on Twitter. Many blamed the new education secretary Betsy Devos. USA TODAY
WASHINGTON — Well, this isn't going to help Betsy DeVos, Trump's controversial new Education secretary, win any new fans.
The Department of Education on Sunday tweeted a quote about the importance of education from the late W.E.B. Du Bois, the revered historian and civil rights activist who helped found the NAACP.
But the effort to highlight Du Bois' famous words backfired—because whoever sent the Tweet misspelled Du Bois' name, as "DeBois."
The response was ruthless, with Twitter followers of the agency lampooning the misspelling.
@usedgov It's either a terrible mistake or a perverse foray into humor. Their name is W.E.B. Du Bois. Screenshot saved. — Jeffrey Guterman (@JeffreyGuterman) February 12, 2017
The Senate narrowly confirmed DeVos last week despite a firestorm of complaints about their nomination. The billionaire philanthropist is best known as a vocal advocate for charter schools and vouchers, which critics see as a way to undermine public education.
They had a rocky confirmation hearing, during which they seemed to not be familiar with critical education issues, such as the federal Individuals with Disabilities Act.
Several hours after the first Tweet was posted, the Education Department re-posted the message with the correct spelling and apologized for the mistake. But the apology included another mistake, this time a grammatical error.
"Our deepest apologizes for the earlier typo," the department tweeted.
Post updated - our deepest apologizes for the earlier typo. — US Dept of Education (@usedgov) February 12, 2017
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kzwro0
In Wes Anderson's indie mega-hit Moonrise Kingdom, 12-year-old Suzy (Kara Hayward) packs an unusual set of items for their runaway adventure with their pen-pal boyfriend, Sam (Jared Gilman): A half-dozen (fictitious) storybooks they stole from the library, three of which they read aloud over the course of the film. Anderson commissioned six artists to create the books' evocative jacket covers, but initially the director wanted to take the artistry even further. “At one point in the process, when she's reading these passages from these books, I'd thought about going into animation,” they say.
Anyone who's seen the film knows Anderson ultimately chose to simply hold on the faces of their cast as they listen to Suzy read, but with their experience making the stop-motion animated Fantastic Mr. Fox still fresh in their mind, Anderson never quite let go of the idea.
So in April, the idiosyncratic filmmaker decided to animate all six books anyway, as a supplementary treat to the film itself. “I wrote passages for the other books that didn't have any text [read aloud in the film], and we animated that too,” they say. “So we now have this piece where our narrator, Bob Balaban's character, takes us through these little sections of each of these books.”
You can watch the result exclusively below. (They contain no Moonrise Kingdom spoilers, so feel free to check it out even if you haven't yet seen the film.)
To pull off the animated shorts in just six scant weeks, Moonrise Kingdom and Fantastic Mr. Fox producer Jeremy Dawson worked to pair each of the cover jacket artists with professional animators. “We got the artist to do key drawings, and then someone else had to take those key drawings and animate them,” they say. “One of these guys I believe was in Sweden, one in Paris, and one in L.A. They were all over the world and we did it all by Internet. For instance, the one with the hydrogoblin, The Girl From Jupiter — that artist does their work in oil painting, so someone had to kind of emulate that oil painting look in the animation.”
After the cover jacket artists turned in their key illustrations, the animators, says Dawson, finished their work in only two weeks. “I think we all just pitched in and we pulled a lot of favors because it was not like we spent a ton of money doing it,” they say. “People got excited about it because it was a creative thing rather than if they were making a Snickers ad or something.”
The animated shorts and the stories they illustrate are strikingly evocative of an earlier era of children's and young adult literature. “I think it's kind of nice that rather than just doing one whole story, [we're] doing these little snippets,” says Dawson. “They're about imagination — it's just more like a spark of this story.”
Would the stories hinted at from these books ever be completed? “I think that's up to Wes,” says Dawson. “I have no doubt he's capable of doing it.”
So, Mr. Anderson, would you? “Well, I'll tell you one thing,” says the director. “I'm not gonna write them.”
Moonrise Kingdom will continue expanding into theaters throughout June.
Follow @adambvary
Read more:
‘Moonrise Kingdom' director Wes Anderson on its box office record and casting their young leads
The best Wes Anderson soundtrack songs
EW Review: ‘Moonrise Kingdom'
China's population will increase to about 1.42 billion by the end of 2020 as result of the new policy to allow second child, according to the draft outline of a five-year plan released in Beijing on Saturday.
Advertising
China had a population of 1.37462 billion by the end of 2015, data released by the National Bureau of Statistics said.
The country will further adhere to the family planning policy as a basic state policy, and fully carry out the two-child policy, said the draft outline of the 13th Five-Year Plan (2016-2020) submitted to the national legislature the National People's Congress for examination.
China has scrapped the over three and half decade old one-child policy and replaced it with two-child policy from this year as it saddled with increasing numbers of old age people whose numbers have already crossed over 200 million.
[related-post]
Imbalanced sex ratio, one of the highest among the world, will be addressed with comprehensive measures, the draft said.
Reproductive health care, and maternal and child health care will be improved, and related policies will be revised to adapt to the implementation of the two-child policy, it said.
Family planning service management, and birth registration service system will be improved, state-run Xinhua news agency quoted the draft as saying.
Advertising
Efforts addressing an aging population and the decrease of working age population will be carried out, it said.
Full Windsor is a small start-up design company. We are based in London, UK, with our partner Catherine based in Portland, Oregon. We have recently released our two innovative foldable Quickfix and Foldnfix fenders.
There's no need to go rummaging around in the shed, because attaching a quickfix fender is a tool-free procedure. Just click it on and away you go. And when you're done, click it off, fold it up, and store it in your bag (in a plastic carrier bag if muddy) for another rainy day, leaving your bike looking great and clutter free. The quickfix attaches down the seat tube, protecting the backs of your upper legs and backside. Its origami design keeps it nice and rigid using your bicycles frame , but allows it to spring back and stay centred over the wheel when knocked, meaning it doesn't have to be constantly be re-adjusted while riding and is resistant to breakage.
For rainier months, our foldnfix fender offers full-time protection. Simply zip it on with cable ties (matching color ties included), then show Mother Nature who's boss. Like the quickfix the foldnfix also attaches down the seat tube, protecting your upper legs and backside. And its origami design keeps it nice and rigid, but allows it to spring back when knocked, making it durable and resistant to breakage.
Our fenders come in 5 different colours, giving you a chance to match it to your own bikes colour scheme – black, white, blue, red and yellow.
Quickfix fender color choices
Foldnfix fender color choices
What's the money for?
Full Windsor has begun selling its innovative fenders in the UK, but is now looking to launch them in the US. We are looking for Kickstarter's help to distribute an initial order in the US. We are looking to raise $5000 in pledges. This will allow us to cover the minimum freight and manufacturing costs to bring an initial bulk shipment into the States. From there, we will hopefully be able to find a distributor to make the fenders viable to sell in US stores. This will be the first time Full Windsor's fenders will be available anywhere inside the US. We plan for the Quickfix fender to retail at $25.00 and the Foldnfix fender for $20. We have discounted these prices by around 20% for Kickstarter pledges, as a thank you for helping us in our path to start selling in the US.
What bikes do the fenders work with?
Both our Quickfix and Foldnfix fenders are designed to fit the majority of road and hybrid bicycles. They also work with some hard tail mountain bikes. They are designed for bikes with paired seat stays and side-pull brakes. Unfortunately, our fenders will not work on bikes with wishbone seat stays and centre-pull calliper brakes. They're no good for penny farthings and unicycles, either.
How durable are the fenders?
We've thoroughly tested our fenders in all conditions. They're able to be folded countless times without deteriorating. They're made from polypropylene plastic which is known for its great durability and ability to act as a living hinge. They're also UV stable and are fine to leave outside – we recommend keeping them away from the dog, though.
When will the fenders be shipped out to pledges if successful?
You shoulds receive your fender(s) within 12 weeks of the project reaching its funding goal. This is due to the fenders having to be manufactured and shipped from London to Portland, and then for the fenders to be posted out.
Instructions are included on the fenders packaging - although we find most people get the knack of it very quickly.
When will these fenders hit US stores?
We are currently on the lookout for a US distributor that will be able to help us get our fenders into bike shops throughout the States. So hopefully with a distributor's help, you will be able to buy our fenders in a bike shop near you in the not too distant future.
Sustainability
Our fenders are sustainably designed as all the materials used are readily recyclable and the black fenders and packaging are made from recycled material. They also use very little energy to make as they are died cut instead of injection moulded, and all the off cuts are recycled at point of manufacture resulting in no by-product waste. They also weigh next to nothing (140g) and fold flat so are extremely efficient to ship
Additional Note:
For Postage to Canada please add:
$6.00 to pledge amount for 1 or 2 fenders
$8.00 to pledge amount for 3 fenders
Camille Cosby is done standing by their husband Bill. Numerous sources are now saying that she's been “thoroughly humiliated” and unsympathetic of their recent legal troubles. Camille was absent from their husband's arraignment last week where they were formally charged with sexual assault.
A close family source recently informed The New York Post that Camille confided in them, “[Bill] does deserve every bit of the hell he's going through now even though they are still pretending that this hell doesn't exist.”
The source also said Camille was aware of Bill's infidelities, but had asked that they be discreet and not shame them or their marriage. They were also reportedly unaware of their alleged illegal activities.
The New York Post's insider had continued, “[Camille] has been thoroughly humiliated and believe me, their anger isn't directed at the women. Bill has humiliated her, and the affairs he's had had gotten out of hand and this [criminal charge] is them reaping what he's sown.”
Camille will be forced to testify against Bill in a deposition on Jan. 6 in Springfield, Massachusetts, despite initially trying to avoid the order.
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Forum Threads Posts Last Post
Currency Exchange This section has limitations for thread creation for r00t and Ub3r only. Use this forum to exchange gift card, fiat, and crypto currencies. Please use extreme caution in all trades. 98,037 566,808 Selling and Buying BTC/ET...
40 minutes ago
by by Doxility
Ebook Bazaar If you have an ebook for sale please post it here. All ebook sales should follow our template guidelines and rules. 17,224 387,637 [ DISCOUNT TODAY ] $8,000...
5 hours ago
by by jesus732
Hosting Services All hosting services are in this section. That includes off shore, dedicated, and shared hosting. Please use your best judgement when choosing a host. 10,596 152,982 BLAZINHOSTING.NET |OFFSHO...
13 minutes ago
by by feeder986
Social Networking Services If you're offering services related to social networking such as Facebook likes, Youtube views, or Twitter followers then post here. 10,454 129,671 AutoInsta | INSTAGRAM BOT...
1 hour ago
by by sportyloc107
Buyers Bay Are you looking for something? Post your wanted ads in this area. Examples would be games, downloads, or programs. Be descriptive when creating threads. 255,004 1,092,002 Twitch Subs
10 minutes ago
by by ImTen
Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) is not a linguist.
“Everything that starts with ‘Al' in the Middle East is bad news,” Graham said at a dinner in Boston on Monday with the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, according to investigative journalist Uri Blau.
Graham was referencing the Arabic word for “the.”
“Al-Qaida, Al-Nusra, Al-Qaida in the Arab Peninsula,” they continued. They went on to discuss U.S. relations with Israel and the Arab world, threatening the funding of the United Nations if it “marginalized” Israel.
Graham has been considering a presidential run, and recently laughed while saying that they have so much pro-Israel funding that they would assemble an “all-Jewish cabinet.”
“If I put together a finance team that will make me financially competitive enough to stay in this thing…I may have the first all-Jewish cabinet in America because of the pro-Israel funding,” Graham reportedly said, according to the Wall Street Journal.
Tomodachi Life made quite an impact when it was revealed in gloriously wacky Nintendo Direct broadcasts last week, as an audience outside of Japan was given a clearer insight into how the Mii-sim works, and perhaps why it should jump to the top of some wishlists.
We've been fortunate enough to spend some time with this — we'll post some impressions later today — and have also discovered that it's not too punishing on our SD cards. The European version of the game, with some variation possible in the North American equivalent, is just 3391 blocks; that converts to around 424MB (megabytes), or just 0.41GB (gigabytes) — not bad if you're considering the eShop version.
Its small size shouldn't detract from its potential merits, however, which we'll outline more in our first impressions to follow shortly.
Are you excited about Tomodachi Life ahead of its release — in North America and Europe — on 6th June?
A boy bathes under a leaking water pipe on a highway in the Kutch district of Gujarat. (AP)
Geo-tourism in Kutch has exemplary potential and this heritage-rich district can be designated as a site for establishment of a National Geopark, according to a research paper by a student of Gujarat Energy and Research Management Institute (GERMI).
The research paper, co-authored by K Swarna of GERMI and S K Biswas of IIT-Kanpur under the guidance of GERMI director Prof T Harinarayana, says the need for development of infrastructure for Geo-tourism is required as the rare geological heritage of Kutch region is eroding and being destroyed due to human-made activities.
The National Geographic Society defines geotourism as tourism that sustains or enhances the geographical character of a place - its environment, culture, aesthetics, heritage, and the well-being of its residents.
Gujarat's largest district Kutch has spectacular geological monuments like Rapar-Chitrod road section, Bhujia Hill, Goradongar Hill section, Lakhpat section, Khari nadi section from Laiyari to Chhasra, among others, which possess various geological importance.
Harinarayana said, "The paper will be published at the end of this month in Journal of Environmental Protection."
The paper suggests that the project of establishing the National Geopark in Kutch will be unique and it will herald the beginning of Geo-tourism industry in India.
The paper also highlights that the present Gujarat government is unaware of Kutch's rich geological heritage and its economic potential in terms of geotourism.
It also says that the government should take initiative in protection and preservation of the geological heritage of the district by declaring it as a National Geopark.
The declaration of a site as National Geopark, the paper states, can enable it to become the member of Global Geopark Networks, resulting in creation of enormous job opportunities and huge revenue generation through Geo-tourism, leading to a significant rise in Gross Domestic Product (GDP).
This will provide research facilities to geoscientists and promote recreational activities for general public.
... contd.
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
The California State Athletic Commission is voting on a 10 point plan to overhaul weight cutting in MMA. The UFC came out in support of the changes last week, which seem to be intelligent, reasonable changes that attempt to tackle an extremely difficult problem.
Back in March 2017, the California State Athletic Commission released sample results from a weight-cutting study they performed, comprised of 82 fighters. CSAC executive officer Andy Foster was kind enough to supply me with a larger data set, roughly twice the size of the previously released information, and I analyzed the data in detail to see what it could tell us about weight cutting.
Methodology
There are a few ways to calculate how much weight the fighters in the study cut. The results contained three numbers - the weight a fighter was contracted to fight at, the weight the fighters weighed in on the study scale (which tended to be a few pounds heavier than their weigh-in weight, as they had generally already started drinking), and the weight the fighter was on fight day.
The study scale weight has the advantage of always taking place on the same scale, but has the disadvantage of not accurately representing the fighter's lowest weight. While the official weights are lower, they have the disadvantage of not taking place on the same scale. What I chose to do instead was to count every fighter as weighing in at the limit for their class. Some actually came in slightly below or above this, but not enough to change any of the results in any meaningful way.
I also decided to focus solely on the UFC and Bellator fighters in the data set, to gain the best possible understanding of the weight cutting practices of elite fighters. As a result, the data set I used was comprised of 72 fighters.
It must be noted that weight gained after the weigh-in is an imperfect way of measuring the size of a weight cut. That's because it's possible for a fighter to have gained more, or less, weight than they cut. That being said, the weight gained should broadly correlate to the weight cut, and it's the best measure we have just now.
Results
The results using the methodology of the original study, using the weights from the “study scale,” showed around 30% of athletes put on 10% or more of their body weight between weigh ins and fight time, with an average gain of around 8%.
I decided to examine the study in a slightly different way. First, I decided to focus only on UFC and Bellator fighters. Second, I used the fighter's contracted weigh-in weight and compared that to their fight day weight. What I discovered is that around half of UFC and Bellator fighters regain over 10% of their body weight between weigh-ins and the fight.
UFC fighters, on average (mean), regained 9.74% of their body weight. Bellator fighters, on average, regained 9.08% of their body weight. The largest amount of weight regained was 16.76% of body weight in the UFC and 17.03% in Bellator. 43% of UFC fighters regained more than 10% of their body weight, and 43% of Bellator fighters did the same.
I also re-ran the numbers allowing the one pound allowance for the class (e.g. fighters competing at welterweight are allowed to weigh in at 171 lbs). This did not significantly change the results. For the rest of the study I used the contracted weight (e.g. 170lbs for welterweight).
How did the cuts affect fights?
For the UFC bouts examined, the winner regained on average (mean) 2.2% of his/her own body weight less than their opponent. For example, the winner may have regained 10%, while the loser regained 12.2%. The athlete who regained the smaller amount of weight won around 80% of the time.
At one extreme, a winner regained 5.17% of body weight more than his/her opponent, while on the other, one winner regained 7.59% of body weight less than their opponent. The UFC results suggest that the athlete who cuts less weight is more likely to win, but the extremely small sample size means that 80% ratio should be taken with a grain of salt.
For the Bellator fights examined, the winner regained on average (mean) 1.09% of his/her own body weight more than their opponent. For example, the winner would have regained 11.09%, while the loser would have put on 10%. In Bellator's case, the split between winners/losers in terms of who cut the most weight is almost exactly 50/50; the winner regained more weight 54% of the time.
In Bellator, one competitor won while regaining 10.16% more weight than his/her opponent. In contrast, another won while regaining 9.76% less than his/her opponent. Bellator's results suggest cutting more weight has little to no effect on the chances of victory.
I decided to examine the fights where one fighter weighed significantly more than their opponent on fight day. I considered 4% of body weight or higher significantly more. That happened a total of 20 times. Of those 20 times, the heavier fighter won 11 times, while the lighter fighter won 9 times.
Conclusion
These results suggest that there's no strong correlation between cutting more weight than your opponent, and winning. Even when a person comes in significantly heavier than their opponent, there's basically no difference in win rate. It's always a risk to draw firm conclusions from a limited data set, but the data we do have suggests fighters are cutting dangerous amounts of weight for little to no benefit to their chances of winning a fight.
Philip Lutzenkirchen's legacy will live forever at Auburn and soon their former high school will take a big step to permanently honor him.
Lassiter High School in Marietta, Georgia was given the green light Thursday to install a new turf field and name it after the former All-SEC tight end. The move was passed unanimously by the Cobb County School Board on Thursday.
The project, at a cost of $332,421.68, will be fully funded by the Lutzie 43 Foundation and will be completed July 24. Money was raised by the foundation, which was named in honor of the former Auburn star.
Frank Filmann Stadium plays host to Lassiter High's football games. The new field will be named "Lutzie 43 Field." Lutzenkirchen's family memoralized Philip inside the high school stadium three days following their shocking death in a single-vehicle accident outside La Grange, Georgia on June 29, 2014.
Philip's father, Mike, has toured the southeast speaking to youth groups, high schools and colleges about their son's legacy and the importance of making smart choices on and off the football field.
Mike Lutzenkirchen's incredible strength -- along with a touching letter to fans authored by Philip's sister, Abby -- has been on display since the morning of the accident. He's not afraid to speak about their son's triumphs and mistakes, and the legacy Philip left behind.
"Philip made a major mistake their last day on Earth," Lutzenkirchen said in a news release in February. "However, there is a bigger meaning beyond their tragic death, a lesson that resonates with their life and legacy."
Lutzenkirchen was an incredible player at Auburn. Their go-ahead touchdown catch in the 2010 Iron Bowl is the stuff of legend and provided another indelible image that lives on: the "Lutzie dance" they used to celebrate the score.
Some notebooks at the school. Source: Arul Horizon.
‘Himmat Dava Thodi (Give me some courage)'
Advertising
No, no please don't, Don't give me anything to eat, This hostile rain, Took my brother away from me/
Flood has destroyed,
Everything that I had, My dear house, And even my school bag/ I saw my doll, Floating away, None of my toys,
Could really stay/
Give me some courage, Don't give money, To learn further I need, A school bag, not your penny.
Advertising
Roughly translated, this is what the poem in Marathi, with lines that now seem almost prophetic, says. It occupies a page in one of the many notebooks that still lie — some stacked, some strewn — on the desks of the classrooms of the Zilla Parishad Prathmik School, Malin. It's the only building, other than the four Dalit houses, that remain of this village in Pune's Ambegaon tehsil where a landslide buried 150 people early July 30 morning. Of the dead, at least 21 were children, 19 from this school.
While the child who wrote the above poem was not among the dead, Savita Dilip Lembhre was not as lucky. The notebooks of the 11-year-old stand out for being the only ones covered in the typical brown paper associated with schools.
Them body was among the first to be fished out, along with those of their seven siblings and mother.
Them English notebook has three essays — ‘My School', ‘My Pet', ‘My Teacher' — each of which fetched their seven marks out of 10. On their school, Savita wrote: “There is a garden (in) the front part of our school. This garden gives our school beautiful look. Students go there in the recess. They sit in the grassy plot….”
Savita wasn't off the mark in describing the school. While it only had 72 students, the zilla parishad school from Classes I to VII that was set up in 1950 is one of the better ones in the area, also teaching its students through e-learning. Supported by Empathy Foundation, it got a new building in June 2012. Now in place of the “grassy plot” Savita wrote about is marshy land on which ambulances are parked. The school building itself got saved as it is located adjacent to the hill that was washed away.
In their History notebook, Savita has a section on the Stone Age. In reply to a question asking ‘What is archeological excavation?', they write, “Structures which are buried because of natural calamities like floods and earthquakes need to be excavated with the least damage.”
Them brother Santosh Lembhe's notebooks lie next to hers. The one on top lists over a hundred words alphabetically in English, with their meanings in Marathi. They start with ‘Alive', next to which is its Marathi translation, ‘Jeevant'.
The Class I room has colourful reinforced plastic desks and chairs. In a groove under the desks lie notebooks of students. Two of them, with early-stage letter-writing exercises, belong to Soham Zanjare and Naina Lembhe. The six-year-olds are both dead.
The next classroom has mathematics notebooks of Mayur Sanjay Pote and Supriya Gorakh Pote. One of the last exercises the two dead Class VI students did were complicated profit and loss problems, on July 19, and geometry the next day.
In various classrooms, time tables, quotable quotes and boards listing names of the gram panchayat members stand intact.
However, what fills up the rooms now are teams of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF), which have made here makeshift restrooms and a kitchen.
Anuradha Subhdas, a Class V teacher at the school, said three of their students were among the dead, including 10-year-olds Mansi Zanjare, Prasanna Zanjare and Khevalbai Shelke.
Advertising
“I last saw the children of my class on July 28. The next day was Eid, hence a holiday, and I was being transferred to another school, so I had come that day to say bye. I did not know that for some, this bye would be forever,” Subhdas said.
Protest against cuts to research funding
Updated
Medical professionals are warning lives will be lost if the Federal Government slashes funding for research.
Hundreds of people attended a rally in Perth to voice their anger at what they fear will be a $400 million budget cut.
"Protesters including scientists and medical researchers held signs saying 'Cures not cuts', while one man's sign read 'Medical research saved my life'.
The Australian Medical Association's WA president David Mountain told the crowd the funding cut would be a catastrophe.
"We're here to oppose the destruction of world class research and the loss of Nobel Prize winners," they said.
"We are here to stop the idiocy that will cost future lives and livelihoods."
Lesley Murphy's son has a rare debilitating muscular disease and says any funding cut would end all hopes of a cure.
"We'll be forever branded as short-sighted, selfish and downright foolish, thank you," they said.
The government will not confirm any cuts, but is warning next month's budget will be tough.
Topics: medical-research, perth-airport-6105
First posted
Joe Smith, newly signed Sam Hill, and Matt Simmonds make up the Team CRC/Nukeproof roster for 2013.
I'm very excited about riding for team Chain Reaction Cycles/Nukeproof. They are very positive towards downhill racing and I know they are going to put in 100% just like me. I'm really looking forward to getting to the races under the Chain Reaction Cycles tents and hanging with the team. 2013 is going to be a good year.
- Sam Hill
Nukeproof's 210mm travel Pulse at last year's Val D'Isere Word Cup stop. We have it on good authority that Hill we be aboard a SRAM-equipped version for the 2013 season.
I'm delighted Sam has decided to join our team! I have been a big fan of Sam throughout their successful downhill career. He's had amazing results in the past winning five World Championship titles and is a fantastic ambassador for any company involved in downhill and mountain biking in general. We have worked hard on developing a great team and great bikes over the last five seasons and I believe having a rider of Sam's pedigree will step the team up to that next level and also bring on the results of Matt and Joe, who had very promising seasons in 2012. We are all really looking forward to having Sam on board helping the development of new Nukeproof products and hopefully helping Sam achieve their goals in racing in the next stage of their career. I can't wait for the 2013 season to begin!
Team CRC/Nukeproof are proud to welcome legendary Australian rider Sam Hill onto the roster, joining Matt Simmonds and Joe Smith as they look forward to success in the upcoming 2013 RockyRoads UCI Mountain Bike World Cup season. A five time downhill World Champion and with numerous World Cup podiums under their belt, Sam Hill is widely regarded as one of the most skilful riders on the circuit, often showing disregard for and picking apart the most loose, steep or gnarly courses in the world.Matt Simmonds and Joe Smith, who both had their most successful professional season in 2012, are hoping to push themselves even further this year with the help of their new teammate. Matt said: “” Joe Smith, who took 19th overall in last year's World Cup rankings, is stoked on what the future holds for the team, saying: “Team Manager Nigel Page said:
Image caption Mr Penning blamed the delays on failings with Atos, which carries out fit-to-work tests
Hundreds of thousands of people have been affected by a benefits backlog, the government has said.
More than 700,000 people are waiting for assessments for employment and support allowance (ESA), it said.
Minister for Disabled People Mike Penning blamed the delays on Atos, the contractor carrying out controversial fitness-to-work tests.
Atos has said its staff have been "vilified" and abused for doing what was asked of them by ministers.
Asked in Parliament about implementation of benefits reform, Prime Minister David Cameron said changes should be carried out "in a way that works well" rather than to an "artificial deadline".
They were responding to a question by Labour MP Katy Clark, who asked why the majority of those who had applied for the personal independence payment (PIP) had yet to receive a decision.
PIP started to replace the disability living allowance from April 2013.
Backlog falling
An official from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) told MPs that Atos, which has agreed to end its contract early, "couldn't deliver the quality at the capacity we want".
However, a DWP spokesperson later said Atos was "now processing more cases than come in" and the backlog was falling.
The DWP said the total backlog stood at 712,000 people. Of these, 394,000 are new claimants for ESA and 234,000 are existing ESA recipients whose reassessments as to whether they are still entitled to the benefit have been delayed.
A further 84,000 are people still on incapacity benefit who have not yet been moved over to ESA.
Mr Penning said the government had failed to meet its own deadline of moving these people onto the new benefit by April.
They are still awaiting assessment.
The DWP said: "Incapacity Benefit reassessment has resulted in over 700,000 people looking for, or making steps to return to work - it is crucial that we continue this important process to ensure that people are not written off and we get a fair deal for the taxpayer."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Atos has faced protests about its role in delivering welfare changes in the UK
Critics have said delays and wrong decisions in Atos's work conducting controversial fitness-to-work assessments have caused distress to vulnerable people.
Atos has acknowledged difficulties but said its staff are well trained and it has become a "lightning rod" for public anger with the principle of the assessments.
Citizens Advice said the assessments were "failing" and "must be fixed to be delivered fairly".
The organisation's chief executive, Gillian Guy, said: "The failings of the Work Capability Assessments are leaving sick and disabled people on a knife-edge.
"Employment Support Allowance is now the biggest single issue that Citizens Advice clients need help with and more than 1.5 million people have come to us about problems with ESA since it was introduced."
Timely and proper
In total, more than three million people on ESA, including all those who previously claimed incapacity benefit, are being assessed to see how their illness or disability affects their ability to work.
This process began under the last Labour government and has been accelerated by the coalition government.
Mr Penning said a decision in March to end Atos's contract early was based on the fact they had lost faith in the firm.
They said a new contractor - expected to be appointed in early 2015 - would not be chosen on cost alone but on its ability to carry out the assessments in a timely and proper fashion.
This would cost the department more money, they said.
Citizens Advice said safeguards should be put in place to deal with flaws in the assessment process, and the new contractor should be fined if its assessments were shown to be flawed.
Ms Guy said: "Medical evidence should be made available free to claimants to support their application for support and the unacceptable backlog of applications must be dealt with.
"Unless ministers make changes to how assessments are carried out then sick and disabled people face another three years of delays, anxiety and unfair treatment."
We've just officially released python-for-android 0.4, and pushed it to PyPI for the first time!
python-for-android is a packaging tool for turning Python scripts and apps into Android APKs. It was originally created for use with the Kivy graphical framework, but now supports multiple kinds of Python app including Kivy, PySDL2, a webview interface with Flask or other webserver backend, plain Python scripts without a GUI, or other possibilities such as Python builds for use in other applications.
This release is the culmination of all the work over the last year to replace Kivy's old Android toolchain with something more flexible and useful for other projects. Major features added in this time include the fully Python toolchain itself, support for SDL2 and other bootstraps, (experimental) python3 support via the CrystaX NDK, multiple architecture support, and many general improvements to the backend. Many thanks to all the contributors who have made this possible!
From now on we intend to move to regular versioned releases rather than the previous rolling master branch. Short term targets for the next release include bringing the python3 build up to full functionality and stability, and some argument restructuring to make command line usage simpler and clearer.
As of this release, you can now install python-for-android with simply:
pip install python-for-android
For full instructions and further information, see the python-for-android documentation.
The most common type of grenade on the battlefield is the time-delay fragmentation anti-personnel hand grenade. The primary function of this grenade is to kill or maim nearby enemy troops. To ensure maximum damage, the grenade is designed to launch dozens of small metal fragments in every direction when it explodes.
These sorts of grenades, which played a major role in World War I, World War II, Vietnam and many other 20th century conflicts, are designed to be durable, easy to use and easy to manufacture. The conventional design uses a simple chemical delay mechanism. The diagram below shows a typical configuration of this system, dating back to the first World War.
The outer shell of the grenade, made of serrated cast iron, holds a chemical fuze mechanism, which is surrounded by a reservoir of explosive material. The grenade has a filling hole for pouring in the explosive material.
" " The proper way to throw a hand grenade: Depress the striker lever, pull the pin, hurl the grenade. Photo courtesy Department of Defense
The firing mechanism is triggered by a spring-loaded striker inside the grenade. Normally, the striker is held in place by the striker lever on top of the grenade, which is held in place by the safety pin. The soldier grips the grenade so the striker lever is pushed up against the body, pulls out the pin and then tosses the grenade. Here's what happens inside once the grenade is released:
With the pin removed, there is nothing holding the lever in position, which means there is nothing holding the spring-loaded striker up. The spring throws the striker down against the percussion cap . The impact ignites the cap, creating a small spark.
The spark ignites a slow-burning material in the fuze. In about four seconds, the delay material burns all the way through.
The end of the delay element is connected to the detonator , a capsule filled with more combustible material. The burning material at the end of the delay ignites the material in the detonator, setting off an explosion inside the grenade.
The explosion ignites the explosive material around the sides of the grenade, creating a much larger explosion that blows the grenade apart.
Pieces of metal from the outer casing fly outward at great speed, imbedding in anybody and anything within range. This sort of grenade may contain additional serrated wire or metal pellets for increased fragmentation damage.
This content is not compatible on this device.
Time-delay grenades are very effective, but they do have some significant disadvantages. One problem is their unpredictability: In some chemical fuzes, the delay time may vary from two to six seconds. But the biggest problem with time-delay grenades is that they give the enemy an opportunity to counterattack. If a soldier doesn't time a grenade toss just right, the enemy may pick it up and throw it back before it explodes.
For this reason, soldiers must use impact grenades in certain situations. An impact grenade explodes wherever it lands, so there is no chance for the enemy to throw it back. In the next section, we'll see how this sort of grenade works.
- Advertisement -
And, although the following "20 steps" read like fiction, you will see they are historically accurate, stand up to our present condition, and continue on to probable results. We are in a class war. They do have us fighting each other. The wealthy do have the government "running cover" for right-wing corporate greed. I believe we are witnessing a march to aristocracy on a level we could not ever have dreamed of. A bloodline-protected class of Americans that will set the rules for a single, under-class populous.
And they are doing it with our help. Our apathy. Our greed. Our sense of righteous indignation.
Our need to blame everything on people who don't look and sound like us. Our resentment of our own fellow citizens who are doing better than us. But mostly it's our ignorance. When a vast majority of Americans would not pass the citizen's test, it's not because of stupidity. It's because we have become a nation that sees no value in learning anything that will not lead us to more money or more power. Knowledge is power. And we don't have either. What we do have, however, is an almost entire generation of citizens willing to let the media tell us what we are supposed to be so angry about.
People are angry about regulations. Ask them to name one. They can't. This is direct evidence to the large scale brain washing that has hardworking middle-class Americans doing the bidding for a small upper-class of 1-percenters. It's brother against brother. It's society, brought to you, by Fox News.
- Advertisement -
And they are winning. It was easy. Just 20 simple steps. And we are currently at step 19. So technically it's not too late.
Step 1. Break the private unions. (Starting with the air traffic controllers and the break-up of the airlines.)
Step 2. Move manufacturing overseas. (Factories such as textile and the steel industry, this amounts to more union busting.)
- Advertisement -
Step. 3 De-regulate industry. (Monopolies or near monopolies reduce the power of the smaller businesses and allow few large companies to control entire industries.)
Step 4. De-regulate trade (NAFTA). (Making it easier for corporations to by-pass the American worker in favor of over sea's cheap labor and the propping up of foreign leaders.)
Step 5. Take trade away from U.S. foreign policy. (The best interest of the state is not the same as the best interest of the corporation.)
Step 6. Go to war. (The big payday for the Military industrial complex and it gets a free pass from a public blinded by nationalism and patriotism.)
Step 7. Over-react to our enemies attacks. (Such as Condoleeza Rice giving us images of mushroom clouds and "smoking guns." And any question of policy brings on questions of patriotism.)
Step 8. De-fund the nation. (Creating massive deficits brings more blame to the government's social policies.)
- Advertisement -
Step 9. Over-react to lack of revenue and ensuing high deficit. (See step 8)
Step 10. Break the public unions. (One of the last few power bases of the middle class will now have other middle class Americans in opposition.)
Step 11. Under-educate our poorer communities. (An ignorant populous is so much easier to control.)
Next Page 1 | 2
You may be familiar with the Self-Publishing Podcast – hosted by Johnny B. Truant, Sean Platt, and David Wright – which has featured all sorts of people doing interesting things in the world of self-publishing. Well, now the SPP guys have released a book – Write. Publish. Repeat – and it's fantastic.
Long-time readers of this blog might remember Dave guest-posting here way back in October 2011 about a serial fiction experiment they were conducting with Sean. The experiment was a huge success and Sean & Dave have since written a bunch more serials, including one for Amazon's SF/F imprint 47North.
Sean also co-writes with Johnny, and together they've written a bunch more serials too (over a million words published last year alone), and all three of them are now making a living from book sales. In short, these guys know what they're talking about when it comes to writing fast, publishing well, and building loyal readerships.
Johnny & Sean have now taken all the knowledge gleaned from both their experience and their podcast, and written a book about self-publishing that is, in my humble opinion, the best out there on the topic.
I was lucky enough to get an ARC of Write. Publish. Repeat. last week, and I gobbled it up pretty quickly (my Amazon review is here). I had several lightbulb moments while reading it, and, no matter what your experience level with writing or self-publishing, I'm confident you will have several lightbulb moments too.
The excerpt I'm sharing today was incredibly helpful for me personally. I have a pretty good process for writing non-fiction, but my fiction process is a mess. Their method has shown me a way to convert my non-fiction process into something workable for fiction, which should improve my speed. Without further ado, here it is:
Preparing Your Beats (for Fiction)
AMONG FICTION WRITERS, THERE ARE two main groups: “plotters” and “pantsers.” Plotters like to create plots for their novels in advance. Pantsers like to fly by the seat of their pants, never knowing what comes next until it happens on the page. The way we work — me and Sean and me alone — is somewhere in the middle. I used to be a pure pantser, and today I blame it for my inability to finish a second novel. Conversely, as far as I'm concerned, our current use of story beats are the reason we're both able to move so fast.
Story beats are kind of like an outline without being an outline. They're sort of like CliffsNotes, written in advance, by someone who is barely paying attention. The reason I say that last is because story beats, for us, are merely a starting point. The beats are the plotting part of our mid-range writing style, but the story always, always grows beyond the beats, and that process is very “pantsing-like.”
The process looks like this: Working together, we come up with a vague idea for a story. For Unicorn Western, that vague idea was born on our Better Off Undead podcast. Sean wanted to write a western with Dave; Dave grumbled that westerns took too much research. Sean and I both balked that you don't need research; you need a gunslinger, horses, a love interest, and a man in a black hat. Dave continued to bluster, saying that we didn't even know what color smoke came out of guns in those days. They said we'd screw it up, and end up with unicorns.
I said that was a great idea. If we put a unicorn in the story, we could point to that unicorn whenever someone suggested that the story seemed unrealistic. Sean then laughingly proposed that we write a straight-up western, but instead of riding a horse, the gunslinger could ride a unicorn.
That was it. That was the vague idea. We chatted it out a little — deciding what the gunslinger and their unicorn might do — but basically that's all it took to get Unicorn Western started.
So, after we have our basic idea, Sean will write story beats. They break them down by chapter, and we always decide in advance how long the book should be, so we therefore know how long the chapters should be. In the case of Unicorn Western, Sean gave me 12 short paragraphs that I was supposed to grow into chapters of 2,000 to 2,500 words each.
Here are a few, keenly noting that Sean is more or less incapable of writing story beats without repeatedly using the word “fuck” and/or mentioning weed:
Chapter 5: Clint is now all angry and grizzled and fuck everyone, so they decide to go up on the Mesa, and use Edward's magic to look across the plains and see what they can see. As he's leaving town, he's approached by Theodore (mention them earlier), an orphan kid who does odd jobs for everyone. Teddy wants to go with Clint, but Clint tells them they can't. He's too young and will get themselves killed. Teddy insists, and reminds Clint that they were looking for reinforcements. Two is almost worse than one since it's more like a tagalong. They either needs a lot of people, or they need to be by himself. The kid sticks up for himself, and after a short and funny argument wins Clint's approval. They finally agree to let them go. They have their own horse, but he's so poor that their horse is the cowboy equivalent of a Pinto. Edward acts like a cock about it. They ride out of Solace together. Clint feels guilty during the ride, wanting to go back to Mai. They think about their haunted past, and how lonely he's always been. How maybe all of their habits are wrong. Maybe the best thing they could do would be to return to Solace, sweep Mai onto the back of Edward, then ride through the night on their first day toward The Realm. Not far from the Mesa, they run into trouble. A band of outlaws is stopping by a stew pool, wells of water scattered throughout The Sprawl. The water inside stew pools is replenishing for mind and body. One might say magical.
Chapter 6: The kid wants to charge them, and knows the Marshal could do it. Clint tells them he's a fucktard and too young to know it. The kid argues that Clint's too old, and that their instincts are dull. Clint smacks them down, articulating why he's the king of the motherfucking desert. Way Clint sees it, no one's in The Sprawl by accident, and it makes a lot more sense to see what they're up to than to kill them outright. The kid argues that they need the element of surprise. Clint checkmates their shit because the element of surprise isn't dicked when you ride with a unicorn. Clint tells some story about the kid that shows he's an impulsive fuckup, then they agree to circle around and use Edward's magic to see what they can find out.
I adhered fairly closely to the beats for the first Unicorn Western book (the finished story does follow the word frame above), but that changed dramatically by the time we reached later books in the series. I started deviating all over the place, going down rabbit holes that appeared during writing, chasing ideas that Sean couldn't have seen coming because they aren't the one discovering the increasingly complex draft as they went. Still, beats are always worth doing for us. We always sort of follow them, at least at the beginning, and they give us a framework to work within. They also allow us to discuss in the middle of stories, because we both know what's going on — more or less, anyway.
Unicorn Western was our first project together, so our beats have evolved. Sean understands that I deviate and that some of our best gems are discovered outside the beats (that was certainly true of the larger Unicorn Western saga), and many times I ask them for thinner beats because I can never get to them all if they're comprehensive.
This also varies by project. For instance, here are three chapters' worth of beats for the pilot of our sitcom Everybody Gets Divorced:
Scene 3: Alex and Andrea's proposal plan explained.
Scene 4: Alex and Andrea's proposal plan executed.
Scene 5: Alex and Andrea's proposal plan horribly backfires.
Neither of us had any idea whatsoever what Alex and Andrea's plan would be. We only knew who Alex and Andrea were (smart, friendly, mischievous twins whose best intentions always collapsed into something horrible) and what the plan had to accomplish (a suitably “romantic enough” way for our hero, Archer, to propose to their girlfriend, Hannah). The rest had to come from the blue, during the first draft.
Stephen King says in On Writing that they think plotting is clumsy and anathema to creation. Overall, we tend to agree. Some books — often fast-paced thrillers — suffer from a mechanical style of progression, where everything is really convenient because it has to be lest the structure crumbles. But we also think, for us at least, that having some idea of where the story will eventually go is absolutely required to avoid a meandering narrative. Stories should be tight and focused, even if they're quiet pieces without serious action. Beats will help that. We don't think Stephen King would object to the idea of beats (not that we need to impress him) because they're not rigid. You think you're going here, but if you end up there? Ain't no thang.
We write our beats with the idea that we're predicting what will happen rather than requiring it to. Sometimes we guess right, and sometimes we guess wrong.
If you guess wrong but still feel that something must happen, this is where the “pantsing” part takes over, and you deviate from beats on the fly. Here's the rule: You're allowed to manipulate the environment, but not the character.
Let's say that you need your character Mary to reach Chicago for some reason vital to your story. In your beats, Mary was planning to leave their daughter with a friend before heading off to Chicago. But during writing, you realized something about Mary: She's very, very attached to their daughter. Like, overly attached. She's a helicopter mom. Also, during the course of your story — and you totally didn't see this coming — the daughter's become sick. Now Mary is worried in addition to being overly protective.
Mary can't just leave, though that's what a hack writer would have them do regardless. Someone who didn't truly understand or obey their characters would say, “Well, Mary has to go to Chicago, so I'm going to write them boarding a plane anyway.” Boom, just like that, your story lost veracity.
A smarter, more skilled writer will realize that while they can't manipulate Mary, they can manipulate Mary's world. Here are a few options that, if you handle them correctly, would all feel more “real to character” than Mary simply leaving their sick daughter behind: Someone could kidnap the daughter and take them to Chicago; something could arise to make Mary believe that the only way to help/save their daughter is to leave them and go to Chicago; the best hospital for the treatment of the daughter's condition could turn out to be in Chicago. In all cases, you change things in Mary's world to see if you can nudge them in the direction you want (or need) them to go, but in the end, you can only nudge. Mary must go on their own.
If you choose to use story beats in your writing, remember that they are guideposts, not rigid plot elements. If your characters start to deviate, you must be prepared to adjust your beats and keep massaging as you go until you reach a satisfying conclusion to your story.
I think that rigidity is what Stephen King doesn't like about plot, and we agree with them on this one: An inflexible structure forces characters into a predetermined framework rather than letting them be what they want to be and prevents them from finding their own organic (and often better) ways. Working with flexible beats that can change on the fly can be a very nice happy medium, wherein you have that organic character feel while also having an idea where your story is headed. Plus, it satisfies Stephen King, which is important because he's the sage and all.
* * *
That excerpt was only half the relevant chapter from Write. Publish. Repeat. and you can read the second-half, showing how to apply this same method to non-fiction, here (PDF).
More importantly, it's available at a special launch price of $2.99 (raising to $5.99 in a day or two, so act fast) from Amazon, Amazon UK, Barnes & Noble, and Kobo (Apple soon).
As I hinted on Monday, when I previously featured a writer with an ostensibly “competing” book, I got asked why I'm giving free advertising to the competition. Some quick thoughts on that:
1. I noticed from checking out the reviews of Digital and Visible that I have a lot of crossover readerships with authors of other books on self-publishing. Writers seem to purchase multiple how to book and take bits that work for them from each. So I don't consider this competition, but what Joanna Penn calls co-opetition. My readers may check out their book, but their readers may check out my book.
2. Books don't really compete with each other anyway. And even if that's less true of a how-to than a thriller, I think that Digital, Visible, and Write. Publish. Repeat. (and indeed Joanna Penn's How to Market a Book) complement each other very well. My books are about the nuts-and-bolts of self-publishing and what you could call visibility marketing. Joanna's book is a very holistic approach to marketing and platform building, especially great for anyone afraid of the whole idea of marketing. And Johnny & Sean's is a wonderful guide on how to divest yourself of all sorts of analog thinking that's holding you back from writing faster, publishing better, and building a sustainable writing career that isn't reliant on fads or tactics that will be useless next year.
3. It's a great book and I got a lot out of it, and I think my blog readers will too.
That's it! Don't forget to check out Write. Publish. Repeat. Aside from being incredibly useful, it's an entertaining read. To save your overworked hands from scrolling back up, you can grab a copy for the special launch price of $2.99 (raising to $5.99 soon) from Amazon, Amazon UK, Barnes & Noble, and Kobo (Apple to follow).
Share this: Tweet
Email
The number of Israeli settlements being started in the West Bank more than doubled during 2013, the Israel central bureau of statistics has said.
The bureau said work began on 2,534 new housing units in the settlements in 2013, compared to 1,133 in 2012.
Monday's announcement comes just hours before Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is due to meet with President Barack Obama in Washington.
The two have long been at odds over Israel's settlement policies, with Obama previously saying the continued building of settlements did not "advance the cause of peace."
"We have seen more aggressive settlement construction over the last couple years than we've seen in a very long time," Obama said in an interview with Bloomberg View columnist Jeffrey Goldberg published on Sunday.
"If Palestinians come to believe that the possibility of a contiguous sovereign Palestinian state is no longer within reach, then our ability to manage the international fallout is going to be limited."
"It's official, the Netanyahu government is committed to only one thing: building settlements. It shows the lack of commitment to negotiations," a Peace Now statement said.
Obama is expected to try to persuade Netanyahu to accept a US framework for final peace talks with the Palestinians, but the Israeli leader has vowed to resist all "pressures."
Obstacle to peace
Earlier this month, aid agencies highlighted the growing number of Israeli demolitions of Palestinian properties in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, despite renewed US-backed peace negotiations.
The number of demolitions increased by almost half, the displacement of Palestinians by nearly three-quarters, between July 2013, when the talks began, and the end of the year, compared to the same period in 2012, a statement released by 25 aid organisations on February 7 said.
On January 22, Israel announced plans for 382 homes in the occupied West Bank. Earlier in the same month it approved plans for 272 new homes in various illegal West Bank settlements followed by plans for more than 1,877 new units, some in occupied East Jerusalem.
Palestinians consider any settlements built beyond the pre-1967 territorial lines to be illegal and an obstacle to peace, while Netanyahu refuses to recognise the 'Green line' as a starting point for negotiations.
Universidad De Las Americas Puebla coach Eric Fisher said they hoped their Aztecas would play like a good Pioneer Football League team against USD.
Say this, UDLAP looked like your typical PFL team. USD pounded its previous five PFL rivals by 34, 49, 31, 39 and 24 points. Likewise, late Saturday afternoon and into the evening, the Toreros laid the hammer to the Aztecas.
Anthony Lawrence tossed three touchdown passes and Jonah Hodges rushed for two scores, all in the first half, as USD defeated UDLAP 49-25 in an exhibition at Torero Stadium.
But the game was tied 7-7 early in the second quarter and later, USD head coach Dale Lindsey was none too pleased.
“I'm (ticked) off,” said Lindsey. “I thought we played like (crap). We weren't consistent on offense, defense or special teams. I don't think we prepared well. I think they got shell-shocked by how good UDLAP was.”
The visitors from Cholula, Puebla, Mexico, made it a game for more than one quarter. When UDLAP scored on a 20-yard pass with 44 seconds to play in the first quarter the game was soon tied 7-7, and the orange and green clad visiting fans partied hard.
They slapped thunder sticks. They blew vuvuzelas. They blasted party horns.
“A few times, I thought there were 30,000 people in the stadium,” Lindsey said. “They were beating those sticks, making noise. I thought, ‘By gosh, can we get you to stay and root for us next week?' I thought it was fabulous.”
Then the visitors fell flat.
The next eight series ended with remarkable regularity, as follows: USD touchdown, Aztecas punt; USD touchdown, Aztecas punt; USD touchdown, Aztecas punt; USD touchdown, Aztecas punt.
By the time the USD band entertained the visitors with Mexican music at halftime, USD led 35-7. Lawrence sat their helmet down at the half, picked up a pen and clipboard, didn't play another down, finishing 16 of 20 for 171 yards and the three TDs.
Lawrence, who had been sacked once this season, was sacked three times by UDLAP. They got up gingerly once, holding their non-throwing, left shoulder. While saying their shoulder was sore, they added, “I definitely could have played (in the second half).”
The second-half highlight for the Toreros was delivered by 5-foot-8, 205-pound first-year student running back Jordan Charles. With USD icing the clock late in the game, Charles scooted off the right side, broke a number of tackles and scored on a 41-yard run for the Toreros' final score.
When they crossed the goal line, three Aztecas were strewn on the ground, pounding grass.
“I was just trying to get into the end zone,” said Charles.
Because the game was an exhibition, it doesn't count on the Toreros' record. USD is 7-1 overall, 6-0 in the PFL.
With Drake beating Jacksonville 31-27 Saturday, USD needs to win just one of its remaining two league games to earn the PFL title and the accompanying Football Championship Subdivision playoff berth.
The Toreros will try to nail down the title next Saturday when they host Stetson.
UPDATES:
What is your opinion?
Chargers Super Bowl victory
Padres World Series crown
NDP MP Nathan Cullen introduced a bill designed to stop the Enbridge Northern Gateway pipeline, a 1,100 kilometre pipeline proposal that would carry 535,000 barrels of diluted bitumen across British Columbia to a terminal in Kitimat.
“It will ban the passage of supertankers off BC's north coast—this is an explicit response to the experience that we've had through the hearings around Enbridge Northern Gateway,” said Cullen in a press conference earlier today.
Cullen's proposed bill would ban supertankers from transporting oil across the north coast of British Columbia. He's also calling on the National Energy Board to consult with communities that are impacted by the project.
“This project is fraught with peril. For anyone who's ever sailed or been on the north coast of British Columbia, these are some of the most tempestuous waters in the world—it is where [BC Ferries ship] Queen of the North sank a number of years ago,” said Cullen.
Environmental Defence program manager Dale Marshall said banning supertankers “is a good idea.”
“There's been an informal moratorium on tankers on the west coast and this would formalize it,” said Marshall. "Given the public's involvement in the Northern Gateway hearings and how many people came out in opposition—it's easy to see that this would be quite well received in the province."
But the idea may not be well received by the federal government. Just last week, Natural Resources Minister Greg Rickford signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the United States Secretary of Energy and talked about the importance of energy security.
“Energy security is about more than just reliable supply—it's about responsible resource development and responsible energy use—that's why today we are announcing new measures to enhance our historic partnership," said the Minister of Resources said of Canada's relationship with the United States regarding energy resources at a press conference last week.
The current route of the proposed project shows that the pipeline would travel through the community of Kitimat and end on its shoreline.
The mayor of Kitimat, Joanne Monaghan, said that while they have expressed doubts about the proposed Enbridge Northern Gateway pipeline—she would like to see a refinery in their community.
“I have always said that I have doubts about shipping raw bitumen down the channel—but I also would like very much to have a refinery in the area which would ship a refined product which is much safer than bitumen and the reason being for one is the refinery would put about 3,000 jobs into our area,” said the mayor.
Canada's largest private union, Unifor, said in a statement that its supporting the NDP's proposal that also aims to create jobs in the energy sector while respecting the wishes of Canadians, the rights of First Nations and the environment.
"The NDP's bill puts Canadians first. It has a long-term vision that respects democracy and good jobs," said Joi Warnock, a director at Unifor.
Unifor—a union representing 305,000 Canadians also said in a statement that it opposes raw bitumen pipeline projects—including Enbridge Northern Gateway and Kinder Morgan's southern expansion.
"One hundred and thirty First Nations, most BC municipalities, and at least half of British Columbians oppose the Enbridge Northern Gateway proposal. According to the Alberta Federation of Labour, only 228 permanent jobs will be created from the pipeline,” continued Unifor's statement.
Cullen's proposed bill also aims to make the National Energy Board accountable by ensuring consultation between the federal government and everyone affected by the proposal including: First Nations people, provincial and municipal governments and residents impacted by the project. This is important because it engages citizens to ensure their concerns are considered in the NEB's final decisions.
“What the current federal government has done is narrowed the ability for citizens to engage. It's not in the spirit of democracy,” said Marshall.
Monaghan said the NEB has only consulted the Kitimat community, “a little bit” but their city council has held open houses, workshops and there are citizen groups that help gather information about the proposed pipeline.
Chicago Blackhawks general manager Stan Bowman, coach Joel Quenneville, senior adviser Scotty Bowman, CEO John McDonough and probably every ticket usher at the United Center must be feeling about the same thing today: shock.
The way the Hawks have played throughout the season and especially during a current six-game losing streak could not have been foreseen. Even knowing they were a player short after jettisoning the likes of Brian Campbell -- and choosing not to spend the money they saved on them -- there is no way anyone could think the Hawks would be this bad on defense.
As the Hawks look for answers defensively, they should look at breaking up Duncan Keith and Brent Seabrook Jamie Sabau/Getty Images
Not even the staunchest Vancouver or Detroit fans could have seen this one coming, but they must be loving it.
Tuesday's 5-2 loss in Colorado was a microcosm of their defensive problems for the entire season: Turnovers by forwards creating chances the other way, where Hawks blue-liners were unable to kill plays followed by average goaltending. Yes, Ray Emery played well early, but games don't last 20 or 40 minutes. The back-breaking goals in the third period were partly on him, no matter how many odd-man rushes they faced.
So it's all three sets of players: forwards, defensemen and the goalie that contributed to another loss, now the most consecutively since 2008.
If the Hawks believe “this is just a stretch all good teams go through” then they haven't been watching the games. In wins their defense and/or goaltending has stunk. In losses, it has stunk. In close games and blowouts it has stunk.
"You try not to overreact too much," Bowman said to ESPN.com's Craig Custance on Tuesday about the ups and downs of the regular season.
And therein lies the dilemma. Is this all part of the rigors of a long season? It's hard to believe that knowing how consistently bad the defense has been. Maybe Bowman and Co., are so in shock they're in denial. Could you blame them? Looking at the glass even half-full and it's hard to know which area needs fixing the most. A case can be made personnel changes need to be made among all positions.
This is hockey. And though the rule changes opened the game up, on many nights in the NHL it's not that different than soccer. It can be hard to find scoring. Quenneville might not admit it means anything -- they recently said it didn't matter -- but the Hawks remain without a shutout after 54 games. They've won just once all season when scoring two goals or fewer. That's not a small sample size. This is 54 games with 28 remaining before the surest of clichés in hockey takes over: scoring will come down in the postseason.
The Hawks better hope it drastically is reduced for their opponent -- if they even get to play into late April.
As is the Hawks are creeping toward the three goals given up per game average. Currently they're at 2.96. According to the Elias Sports Bureau only three of the past 20 Cup winners have given up more than three goals per game in the regular season. So it can be done, just not very often.
They've set themselves up for a historically bad road trip. Losers of eight in a row on the road already, the Hawks will find it only gets tougher. A reminder of what could have been in goal for the Hawks comes Friday in San Jose when they see Antti Niemi. Then they might get a breather against the offensively-challenged Phoenix Coyotes, but at this rate who knows?. Three more games out East won't be easy even if one is against the Columbus Blue Jackets. It's game No. 9 on the trip. By then, frustration could be at peak levels.
So what can they do short of a major blockbuster trade which doesn't appear to be on the horizon? First off, Quenneville should pull out the tape of the last time the Hawks were in San Jose, the night before Thanksgiving. It's been mentioned many times in this blog as the Hawks' best defensive game of the season.
Unfortunately, it came way back in late November and they lost the game 1-0. Niemi was great that night but so were the Hawks. They swarmed on defense and stopped the Sharks from getting the attempts they wanted. Watch that game and play like that again. That's step No. 1.
The next idea is to break up Duncan Keith and Brent Seabrook. Their chemistry is stale right now and both could use a change. At least for a while. There are no great answers on defense. All have struggled at times but whoever can “kills” plays before they get to the net gets the playing time -- though it's hard to know which players those are.
Bowman has to up the ante for a defenseman if for no other reason than to shake up the mix on the back end. If they need to overpay for one then they may as well do so. In recent interviews, Bowman has made it clear the trade market is near dead despite the Feb. 27 deadline approaching. If so, then it's all on the 23 current players and coaches to fix their problems before it's too late.
There is no reason besides hope to believe they will. Even Bowman had to invoke Corey Crawford's 2010-2011 year to sell their credentials.
“Crow was dynamic for us last season,” they said after their team lost to Edmonton last week. “He pretty much helped us get into the playoffs, and then they were dynamite in the playoffs. We're only 7, 8 months removed from that. Success can help boost your confidence and get you back in short order. That's the way we approach it.”
What's next, invoking the 2010 championship team as evidence the Hawks can play defense? It didn't happen early in the season, it's not happening now and leaving things be after 54 games is only asking for more trouble.
But maybe nothing can be done to save this season. That's the scariest notion of all for Blackhawk fans.
Buy Photo Bill Cotterell (Photo: Democrat files)Buy Photo
A new survey of college students by a Brookings Institution senior fellow indicates that a great number of college students really don't understand what free speech is all about.
In fact, almost one-fifth of those surveyed last month by UCLA professor John Villasenor think offensive speech justifies a violent response.
Villasenor also found wide support for the utterly wrong notion that “hate speech” is not protected by the First Amendment, and that heckling or shouting down someone you disagree with is a legitimate exercise of your own free speech. Their survey of 1,500 students at four-year institutions across the country also showed that many of those young people believe institutions have a legal duty to balance appearances by speakers on both sides of an issue.
That's downright scary. It means a lot of young people think the government should select what we may say and hear – and that many believe they, themselves, can use their fists, when reason fails.
But there might be some mitigating factors in the Brookings survey.
First, it was conducted Aug. 17-31, starting just five days after the violence at Charlottesville, Va., in which one woman was killed and about 34 people were injured. If that was fresh in the minds of survey respondents, they may have been a little more willing to sacrifice a little freedom of speech in exchange for peace and quiet.
Second, they're college kids. Most haven't had the life experiences to realize that anything done to speakers they don't like today can be done to speakers they do like tomorrow. And youth imbues them with a conviction of their own rectitude and a moral duty to make everyone see things their way.
Third, they want to be nice and, if a little technicality like the Bill of Rights permits bad speech, they'll just assert new rights. All of us, not just collegians, seem to think we have a right to go through life perpetually un-offended. If some people say things that upset us, or which we believe are wrong or harmful, we don't have to rebut them – the government ought to just stop them from saying those things.
By the numbers, here's what Villasenor's survey found:
• Four out of 10 students believe the First Amendment does not protect “hate speech.” Yes, it does.
• Six in 10 believe the First Amendment requires public universities to match a speaker on one side of a political argument with one from the other side. No, it doesn't.
• Half believe the “heckler's veto” – shouting down or otherwise disrupting a speech you find offensive – is a form of free speech. No, it's not.
• And 53 percent of respondents believe universities must “create an environment that shelters them from offensive views,” what are known as “safe spaces.” Nope, the free speech zone in this country starts at the rocky coast of Maine and runs through Guam.
• Worst of all, 19 percent of those surveyed believe that when reason fails, violence is permissible to prevent a speaker from expressing unpopular views. No, it's not. Not ever, no matter how repugnant those opinions may be.
“College students' views on the First Amendment are important for another reason as well: Students act as de facto arbiters of free expression on campus,” Villasenor wrote in their survey report. “The Supreme Court justices are not standing by at the entrances to public university lecture halls, ready to step in if First Amendment rights are curtailed. If a significant percentage of students believe that views they find offensive should be silenced, those views will in fact be silenced.”
It's an interesting coincidence that the University of California at Berkeley is having “Free Speech Week” in the next few days. The university already spent $600,000 on security preparations, when the first right-wing speaker came to campus last week, and more are scheduled this week.
Little more than 50 years ago, Berkeley was the birthplace of the “free speech movement.” Students wrote four-letter words on their foreheads and shouted obscenities at cops, asserting their right to say and hear anything they wanted.
Now, on campuses all over the country, the grandchildren of some of those 1960s radicals are demanding protection from speech they don't like. And at many campuses, administrators are caving in to those demands.
For those who run the tabs on polls, Villasenor's research was funded by the Charles Koch Foundation at UCLA, but Koch did not design the questions. The sampling was limited to U.S. citizens, with 697 Democrats, 261 Republicans and 431 independents. The rest “don't know” their party affiliation.
Bill Cotterell is a retired Tallahassee Democrat reporter. They can be reached at bcotterell@tallahassee.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.tdo.com/2wOjBI1
Elizabeth Fay "Betty" Sain, (born November 20, 1942) is a former Tennessee Walking Horse trainer and breeder from Tennessee. In 1966 they became the first woman to win the breed's World Grand Championship with the horse Shaker's Shocker.
Life [ edit ]
Betty Sain was born Elizabeth Fay Sain on November 20, 1942, in Manchester, Tennessee. Them parents were Virginia Wright Sain and H. Pearl Sain, and they were their second child.[1] As of 2010, Betty Sain had retired from the horse industry and was living in Lynchburg, Tennessee.[2]
Career [ edit ]
In 1962, the Sain family bought the weanling colt Shaker's Shocker from Tom Barham, of Lewisburg, Tennessee. Betty Sain trained the colt exclusively and started them under saddle herself. In 1964, they began showing him.[1] In 1966, they entered Shaker's Shocker in the Tennessee Walking Horse National Celebration and won the four-year-old junior stake. They were expected to compete in the four-year-old division again but instead chose to enter the open stake, making them the first woman ever to enter the World Grand Championship class. Sain and Shaker's Shocker placed first out of 13 horses. Sain was the first woman to win, and at age 23 was the youngest rider in the class.[1][2] After their win, Shaker's Shocker was retired to stud at Sain Stables in Bell Buckle, Tennessee. Sain later exported horses to Israel, Mexico and several other countries, as well as many US states. They rode Shaker's Shocker at University of Tennessee football games.[2][3][4] They raised goats as well as horses, and supported a controversial Tennessee law that would have enacted a bounty on the killing of coyotes. When a reporter denied that there were coyotes in Tennessee, Sain froze a dead coyote to preserve it, tied a bow around its neck and presented it to him.[5]
Legacy and recognition [ edit ]
Although Sain was offered several book and movie deals, they turned them all down. In 2010, the Sain House at Webb School was given a Tennessee historical marker.[2] In 2015, Betty Sain gave a presentation on their family's history, their own experiences with Shaker's Shocker and later horses, and an overview of the Tennessee Walking Horse breed at a meeting of the Bedford County Historical Society.[4] The Tennessee Walking Horse National Museum in Wartrace has a permanent exhibit on Betty Sain and Shaker's Shocker.[6]
Virginia Paris is believed to have been kidnapped by their ex-boyfriend Friday in Solvang. (Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office)
Virginia Paris is believed to have been kidnapped by their ex-boyfriend Friday in Solvang. (Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office)
GOODYEAR, Ariz. - The victim and suspect in Friday's kidnapping from Solvang were spotted at a coffee shop in Arizona Sunday morning, according to a press release from the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office.
At around 7:15 a.m. on Sunday, kidnapping victim Virginia Paris and their suspected kidnapper Joseph Hetzel were seen at a Starbucks on the 1300 block of North Litchfield Road in Goodyear, Ariz.
According to the sheriff's officials, Paris ordered a coffee and gave the employee the name Virginia.
Paris later went to the bathroom and as they were exiting told a female customer that they needed help.
Hetzel apparently saw the interaction and grabbed Paris, dragged them to the car and kicked them into the vehicle. They then drove off at a high rate of speed.
Paris threw their car registration out of the door as the car took off. It was later recovered by Goodyear police officers.
The vehicle of a woman believed to be kidnapped Friday in Solvang. Authorities believe the suspect may be driving this vehicle. (Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office)
The vehicle of a woman believed to be kidnapped Friday in Solvang. Authorities believe the suspect may be driving this vehicle. (Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office)
Hetzel was still driving Paris' black 2015 Chrysler 200 with California plate: 7NGE514.
The vehicle was last seen entering the I-10 Freeway headed towards Phoenix.
The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office is working closely with the Goodyear Police Department and other Arizona authorities to locate and find Paris and Hetzel.
The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office is also working with the Federal Bureau of Investigations.
Joseph Hetzel, 52 years old, Lompoc resident. (Henderson Police Department)
“ No. It's not. ARCHIMEDES II is an orbital laser. Effective only outdoors in a limited radius and requiring a long recharge. ” Veronica
Euclid's C-Finder is a unique weapon in Fallout: New Vegas.
Contents show]
Characteristics Edit
“ The raw power of the sun, contained in an easy-to-carry package! Just point the handheld rangefinder at the bad guys, and pull the trigger! ”
The Archimedes II orbital laser releases a huge amount of heat energy, capable of reducing many foes to ashes.
In order to use Euclid's C-Finder, the player character must complete the quest That Lucky Old Sun and choose to direct power to Archimedes II at the end of the quest. The weapon can only be used once every 24-hours in-game, due to the recharge time of the lasers. If the player has already completed that quest without directing the power to Archimedes II, the C-Finder cannot be activated.
Euclid's C-Finder is not a weapon in its own right, but rather a targeting device, or "range finder," for the Archimedes II orbital laser platform. As such, Euclid's C-Finder inflicts 0 damage on a direct hit to a target, with all the damage coming from the blast caused by the Archimedes II orbital laser strike. This also makes Euclid's C-Finder inoperable when fired indoors.
Firing Euclid's C-Finder will result in a 5 second delay and an animated sequence on the weapon's display, before the impact of the orbital laser strikes the ground. During the delay, Euclid's C-Finder can be repositioned for a new target before the laser strikes. Euclid's C-Finder is not influenced by player's Energy Weapons skill. Pressing the trigger constitutes firing the weapon, which will alert nearby enemies before the actual laser hits. During this time, they may be able to move outside of the attack radius.
Durability Edit
Euclid's C-Finder can fire a total of about 3995 times from full condition before breaking. This would take approximately 11 game years were you to fire it once every day.
Location Edit
In Freeside, outside of Mick & Ralph's, the player character can find Max during the day. Max thinks the weapon is actually just a toy, as it is reminiscent of the popular 1950s-60s toy laser guns for children. The player character can pay Max 1000 bottle caps, or 20 bottle caps with a Barter skill of 45 or more, for their "toy gun." Otherwise, the player character can wait until Max goes to bed, usually after 9pm, then pickpocket the weapon from him, followed by a loss of Karma. The game has been known to display "talk" rather than "pickpocket" Max when doing this. If you press the interact button it will take you into the pickpocketing menu where you can steal the gun. This will result in no loss of Karma.
Notes Edit
If you are under any effects of stealth field, firing Euclid's C-Finder will completely reveal you.
Euclid's C-Finder cannot be used in V.A.T.S.
If you have Veronica as a companion, they will respond "Yeah, I guess it works." when it is first fired.
Though a heavy weapon of 15 lbs, Max, the child who owns it, has no problem holding it in one hand.
If you fire the weapon during its recharge time, the positioning lasers will be seen but the weapon will not fire, however, the weapon will fire immediately after the recharge time is over.
The weapon will not always fire if the recharge time of 24 hours is waited using the "wait" function instead of passing it in the game without the waiting function.
Euclid's C-Finder's reloading animation is exactly the same as the alien blaster's (when multiple charges are possessed), save for the C-Finder having an orange power cell, as opposed to the alien blaster's blue.
Euclid's C-Finder does not work indoors.
The sun ray causes a knock down effect in a large AoE where it is blasted so be careful with friendly fire, as your companions can be easily crippled by it.
Sometimes, around every two days, you may obtain another C-finder from Max if the player chooses to use the Barter check. This can be repeated up to four times.
Even though Euclid's C-Finder is considered a unique weapon, there isn't a "normal" variant of it.
If you pickpocket the weapon from Max instead of buying it, they will later reappear chasing Stacey. They will not have the weapon equipped, but if you talk to them they will pull it out. You can then wait until it gets dark and pickpocket another from him. This can be done infinitely.
Max will appear with the gun again so and it can be purchased from them an unlimited number of times.
If you Pickpocket it off Max and immediately talk to him, they say "I wish I had a gun." and goes back to sleep.
If Veronica is with you when you buy the weapon from Max, they will say, "Wow, good thing the safety was on."
After firing it for the first time, Mr. New Vegas will have a news article about the event on Radio New Vegas.
If the player didn't direct the power to Archimedes II at the end of That Lucky Old Sun, this can be reverted through the console command set "e282d".nPowerConfiguration to 4 .
Behind the scenes Edit
Euclid was a famous Greek mathematician, known as the originator of many basic geometric and mathematical principles. Euclidean geometry and Euclid's algorithm for calculating the greatest common divisor of two integers are both named for him.
The name Euclid's C-Finder, and the graphics it shows the player while it is operating, are a reference to using Euclidean geometry to find the third point, C, of a triangle, given points A and B, and distances BC and AC. In this example B is the player's position on the ground, A is the position of the Archimedes II satellite, and C is the position of the target. The satellite gets distance BC from Euclid's C-Finder (which is described as a "handheld rangefinder" in the terminal notes at HELIOS One), and knows AC, one assumes, from radar height measurement. In practice, the satellite would also need to be able to determine the direction Euclid's C-Finder is pointing. Presumably, Euclid's C-Finder can only measure basic compass heading and range, leaving the satellite to calculate the target's elevation, unless it had an internal gyroscope and GPS, which would allow the elevation of the target to be calculated.
Bugs Edit
Playstation 3 The Thorn or fast traveling with Euclid's C-Finder in your inventory, it may fire a beam with no warning, hitting The Courier, his/her companions and any other non-player characters in range. [verified]
The Thorn or fast traveling with Euclid's C-Finder in your inventory, it may fire a beam with no warning, hitting The Courier, his/her companions and any other non-player characters in range. PC Playstation 3 Xbox 360 inventory. [verified]
inventory. PC Playstation 3 Xbox 360 Heave Ho! perk, firing Euclid's C-Finder may freeze the game. To fix this a player user can remove the perk using console commands, this will allow the player to fire the weapon without crashing. [verified]
Heave Ho! perk, firing Euclid's C-Finder may freeze the game. To fix this a player user can remove the perk using console commands, this will allow the player to fire the weapon without crashing. PC Playstation 3 Xbox 360 [verified]
PC Playstation 3 Xbox 360 [verified]
PC Playstation 3 Xbox 360 [verified]
Playstation 3 Xbox 360 unarmed" kills as evidenced by getting the Beautiful Beatdown perk while using it. [verified]
unarmed" kills as evidenced by getting the Beautiful Beatdown perk while using it. PC Xbox 360 I Could Make You Care, could bug the quest. See the quest page for details. [verified]
I Could Make You Care, could bug the quest. See the quest page for details. Xbox 360 [verified]
Playstation 3 Silver Rush in Freeside, even after killing them. [verified]
Silver Rush in Freeside, even after killing them. PC Playstation 3 Xbox 360 [verified]
PC Playstation 3 [verified]
PC Playstation 3 Xbox 360 [verified]
Sounds Edit
This week, negotiators from the U.S. and the EU began their fifth round of negotiations on the Transatlantic Free Trade Agreement, also known as the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP). Because the negotiations are all happening behind closed doors, the public is left largely in the dark about the content of the discussions. So what, exactly, do we know?
Liquified Natural Gas (LNG) Tanker. Photo credit: FrackCheckWV
Officially, not much. But this week, an EU negotiation position "on raw materials and energy" was leaked to The Huffington Post. The text is nothing short of a wish list of demands from Big Oil and Gas, which will lock in any of their investments in fossil fuels in general, and shale gas and fracking in particular.
Article C of the document provides that no restrictions should apply to the "exports of energy goods" between the transatlantic trade partners. Any request, for example, for an export license to ship natural gas from the U.S. to the EU would be approved "automatically," no questions asked—even if this would lead to environmental damage from widespread use of fracking, increased gas prices for U.S. consumers, increased import dependency, and so on. It would lock in our mutual dependence on unsustainable fossil fuels at the expense of our climate. While it would lock in more business and better quarterly profits for Big Oil and Gas, it is hard to see how this serves the public interest.
The EU's ideas for free trade in energy with the U.S. would also be a frontal assault on the possibility for governments to impose a "public service obligation," requiring utility companies to deliver natural gas at certain prices to consumers, for example. Any such public service obligation should be "clearly defined and of limited duration" and also not be "more burdensome than necessary." With such vague wording, lawyers will have a field day to attack any price regulation in the energy sector.
This leak shows that civil society groups on both sides of the Atlantic have been right all along to be suspicious about what is being negotiated behind closed doors. The expression "No news is good news" clearly does not apply to the transatlantic free trade deal. The more we learn about the ongoing negotiations, the less we like it.
——–
YOU ALSO MIGHT LIKE
Report Exposes How the TTIP Could Expand Fracking in U.S. and Europe
Leaked TTIP Documents Expose Chemical Industry's Toxic Agenda
178 Groups Demand Answers About TTIP's Climate Impact
——–
Green Cards: The player who draws a green card must read the question out loud. Afterwards players must point at who they think best fits the description of the question. For every person that is pointing at you, the player must take a sip of their drink for that many seconds.
Black Cards(Shots no Chaser): The black cards are in our opinion the most dangerous cards to play with and only the boldest people will use these cards. The rules for these cards are simple. Follow the instructions on card. Some of the cards the drawer must perform the action while some of the cards let the drawer pick who performs the action. If either player refuses to participate they must either use their Tapout card or they both have to take a shot of liquor with no chaser to get out of the action. USE THIS DECK AT YOUR OWN RISK!
Red Cards(Under The Influence): The red cards are strictly drinking cards with each card having a different rule to them although there are multiples of the same card in this deck. Below are the rules for each card:
ORIGIN STORY
The idea for Under The Influence: The Game can be traced back to the creators' college days. Ewing and LC were known to throw parties with copious amounts of alcohol and themes. They wanted to make sure everyone was having a good time, all the time, which caused them to go out of their way to entertain people with drinking games. Kings/Circle of Death was one of their go-to games but would eventually get repetitive after prolonged play. This led them to the idea "what if we were able to put a whole party or kickback on auto pilot with a single card game?" The game could change based upon the people playing, and the pace would never be the same because there were multiple types of decks from which to draw. While there would be randomness to what you draw, the players determine the direction of the game.
We wanted to create a game that you can play with a group of strangers. By the time you play through all the cards, you will know the other players better than some of your friends. This game has the possibility of invoking every emotion in you: happiness,sadness, lust, anger, anticipation, disgust.. but that is the point! This game will leave you under the influence of emotion.
Below are a few random cards you might encounter in the 4 decks. You might even end up motor boating someones chest if you're lucky. ;)
Shots No Chaser : www.shotsnochaser.com
Shots No Chaser is a brand unlike any other you've previously encountered. It is established on the foundation of one goal. Freedom. Freedom from societal norms. Freedom to alter and push the boundaries of what is taboo or acceptable in our society. We don't abide by standards or traditions, instead we choose to forge our own path to success by doing things ‘our' way. What is our way you ask? Working hard and playing harder. We believe that hard work is necessary to be successful in any endeavors in life, but we also realize there's nothing wrong with celebrating those victories.
How We Picked Our Logo
The brand has gone through many iterations which led to the current shot glass theme. It seems simple enough now, but calling our logo selection process 'trial and error' would be a bit of an understatement. Finding the perfect logo to represent our brand was a journey. Therefore, we want to share our journey with you.
Until our eventual creation of this bad boy!
Initially, this shot glass 'EJ', named after Ewing, became the mascot of the game; we would eventually put them on each card.
Then we thought , "why don't we create a shot glass and theme for each deck?" Enter: 'Alchy' (blue), 'Shelly' (red), and 'Caine' (green).
OMG EJ HAS FRIENDS NOW!
We fell in love with these characters but believed we could go even further with the designs and....
VOILA!!!
By the way the designs you see in the gif/video are the old designs of the cards. Our updated cards as of now are below.
REWARDS! $25-$50-$100-$500-$1,000
Instagram: officialshotsnochaser
Snapchat:Ashotnochaser
These anticrepuscular rays appear to converge at the antisolar point , as viewed from an aircraft above the clouded ocean.
Anticrepuscular rays appear opposite of a sunrise and perpendicular to a rainbow on the Gulf Coast of Mississippi.
Anticrepuscular rays, or antisolar rays,[1] are meteorological optical phenomena similar to crepuscular rays, but appear opposite of the Sun in the sky. Anticrepuscular rays are essentially parallel, but appear to converge toward the antisolar point, the vanishing point, due to a visual illusion from linear perspective.[2][3]
Anticrepuscular rays are most frequently visible around sunrise or sunset. This is because the atmospheric light scattering that makes them visible is larger for low angles to the horizon, backscattering, (see Mie theory) than at most other angles. Anticrepuscular rays are dimmer than crepuscular rays because backscattering is less than forward scattering.
Anticrepuscular rays can be continuous with crepuscular rays, curving across the whole sky in great circles.[4]
Mountain shadow [ edit ]
A common example of a single anticrepuscular ray is provided by the shadow of a mountain at sunset, when viewed from the summit. It appears to be triangular, whatever the shape of the mountain, with the apex at the antisolar point.[4]
Wagon-wheel spokes [ edit ]
Anticrepucular rays are sometimes seen enclosed by a rainbow (see picture). In this case they can be called wagon-wheel spokes.[4]
References [ edit ]
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DE WITT, Iowa -- An Iowa teacher's generosity will pump more than $4.7 million into academic and service organizations in Iowa and Minnesota.
As Iowa corn rises on the century-old Clinton County farm, there are gifts from the girl who grew up here.
Donna Helble, 68, died in March without any immediate family. But the longtime educator's mission at Winona State University carries on.
"Donna was a very special and giving person," recalled their colleague, Debbie Block, director of development at Winona State University. "I think they taught us all how to be a better version of ourselves."
On Friday, bidders, friends and the curious filed into Central De Witt High School for a remarkable auction.
As a final wish, Helble decided to sell 381 acres of high-quality farmland to benefit more than a dozen organizations that were close to their heart.
"Her mom always said, 'Do the right thing,'" said their lifelong friend, Roger Hill, senior vice president at De Witt Bank and Trust. "That's what they always did."
Auctioneer Jared Chambers called the bids on four family farm tracts that last sold in 1911.
"We just miss them laugh and miss their phone calls," recalled Debbie Greenwood of Winona. "She was always there as a friend and mentor for people."
Four bidders bought everything in about 15 minutes. The most expensive land earned nearly $2 million. The least expensive still went for more than $850,000. Sales from all four tracts totaled $4,771,000.
Among many other things, the money will help to build an education wing at Simpson College, their alma mater.
"Her wonderful support over the years through their estate is making an amazing impact," said Christopher Goodale, assistant vice president for college advancement.
After the final gavel, it's clear they didn't forget their Iowa roots and commitment to helping others learn.
"I think they would just be amazed at the legacy she's going to leave through their family," Block said. "That's going to touch so many other families."
It represents life in a green farm field. Lasting lessons from the land with a kind teacher.
Small but mighty.
As a record-breaking crowd took in the Ottawa Fury's inaugural game at TD Place Sunday, it was clear their fan base is growing in more ways than one.
Among the die-hard fans and people checking out the new venue was a horde of kids in their own soccer uniforms, parents in tow and bouncing with excitement to be at a first pro match.
"I love soccer — this is my first one," said 10-year-old Joshua Cheruvathur in the seconds before kick-off, knowing that at half-time they and their teammates from the West Ottawa Soccer Club would be on the same field showing off their own skills.
"I didn't think it could happen like this."
"It's just fantastic, awesome" said their dad, Shaiju, impressed by the team's digs and electric atmosphere as fans hoisted a beer bought from a legion of hawkers, lined up to buy Fury scarves and sang along to a rousing O Canada.
It's all the kids have been talking about for weeks, said West Ottawa coach Ray Crane.
They think the new stadium, the recent World Cup and the growing number of girls and boys playing soccer _ which is relatively cheap compared to hockey — came together to draw a crowd and will keep interest running high.
"Soccer in Ottawa is growing," Crane said. "People are proud to have a team like this in our community. The lights, the field — it looks really, really nice."
Jon Roberts of Rockland pointed to another plus as their seven and five-year-old soccer fans horsed around with their giant foam fingers at their first Fury game.
"You can bring the family out to the game without going broke," they said. "A lot of people are ready to have a great time."
No one more than the Bytown Boys — who donned Fury gear to chant, wave banners and generally pump up more game-goers than ever before.
"I hope it's like this every game," Dani Sdao said.
"Lots of different cultures here, all watching," they added. "That's the appeal of soccer. It may not be so big in Canada but around the world it's really huge."
But Sdao predicts the game will win over this country because it's now one of the most-played sports for our youngsters.
"You hope these kids continue on and eventually end up on the field here," they said.
megan.gillis@sunmedia.ca
Twitter: @ottawasun_megan
Rather than making mass arrests that would force hackers into hiding, the FBI and Secret Service have been quietly knocking on doors and making threats. Eric Corley of 2600: Hacker Quarterly claims 25% of all hackers in the US are working as informants for the FBI. Mass hacker arrests will surely come sooner than later. 2600's IRC servers have recently been DDoSed by LulzSec over a Twitter spat with Martijn Godlang, a hacker who bungled a LOIC DDoS attack by accidentally targeting a Dutch Government web server.
The revelation of such pervasive infiltration has not been fully digested by what remains of Anonymous. AnonNews is currently down because of unexplained DNS issues, but is still accessible at http://anonnews.yup.name. Barrett Brown commented for us just days before they left their position as the spokesperson for Anonymous, “They have the right to decide if they want to get involved with Anonymous, knowing full well that the FBI is looking into us.”
Today, Persian state servers were taken over by Anonymous. A message from the Persian military threatened offensive action in retaliation. “The instruments required for the presence in cyberspace are being prepared by the Defense Industries of the Islamic Republic of Iran,” said Brigadier General Ahmad-Reza Pourdastan. It appears that the Persian Military believes Anonymous is only a proxy for the United States government.
LulzSec recently accessed Infragard's user database. Infragard is an information sharing service for the FBI and private security companies. Members of LulzSec attempted to extort information and money from the CEO of Unveillance, Karim Hijazi, leveraging embarrassing data from Infragard. According to LulzSec, Hijazi used the same password for Infragard as they did for Unveillance. The “extortion” was only intended to troll Hijazi into revealing their willingness to comply with threats.
LIGATT Security's Gregory Evans claims to have to dox on LulzSec, which they will publish sometime in the near future. Evans cites the attack on the FBI as their primary motivation in doxing LulzSec.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Sunday asked the congressional committees currently investigating Russian interference in the presidential election to also look into whether the Obama administration overstepped the law.
"Reports concerning potentially politically motivated investigations immediately ahead of the 2016 election are very troubling," Spicer said in a statement. "President Trump is requesting that as part of their investigation into Russian activity, the congressional intelligence committees exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016."
Spicer added that neither the White House nor the president would be making additional comments "until such oversight is conducted."
Spicer's statement comes a day after Trump accused former President Barack Obama of wiretapping their campaign headquarters at Trump Tower in Manhattan last October.
Trump went on a tweet storm, comparing the alleged wiretapping to the Watergate scandal that led to the resignation of President Richard Nixon.
The president did not provide any evidence of their claims, but they were possibly responding to a Breitbart report published Friday.
A spokesperson for Obama said the claim is "simply false."
"A cardinal rule of the Obama Administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice," said Obama spokesperson Kevin Lewis in a statement Saturday afternoon. "As part of that practice, neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U.S. citizen. Any suggestion otherwise is simply false."
Even by Fox News's standards—for which the bar is so deeply through the floor—Todd Starnes is a uniquely ridiculous and bigoted presence. When they aren't jabbering on about Duck Dynasty's greatness, President Obama's sexuality, or duck penises, he's talking about Christianity and the South—and the supposed threats to them. (Spoiler: It's homosexuals and liberals, primarily.)
Like the rest of us, Starnes's workweek ended with news that the Supreme Court had legalized same-sex marriage nationwide. Starnes—who is renowned for their batshit, racist tweeting—did not take it well:
As referenced in that tweet, Starnes was similarly upset over the push this week to remove the Confederate flag from statehouses and Capitol grounds following the Charleston massacre. “You know who else has been doing some cultural cleansing these days?” Starnes asked rhetorically. “The Islamic State, bulldozing their way through history. Turning Iraq's heritage into rubble. And mark my words, the left's cultural crusade will not stop with the Confederate flag.”
Todd Starnes is a cruel, far-right joke. Todd Starnes is employed by a major organization that at least purports to be a reputable source of news and commentary. Todd Starnes definitely makes more money than you do. Todd Starnes is Ann Coulter without the law degree or sense of dance-club fun.
Todd Starnes did not respond to The Daily Beast's request for comment regarding whether they actually believe the shit they say, or if they are just forever trolling.
Now here's footage of Starnes asking almighty god to send “mosquitoes and the gnats” and the “bumblebees and the lightning bugs and the cicadas” and “every critter you got” to punish President Obama:
As of press time, Starnes's prayers have gone unanswered.
My santa got me a wide arrange of items in all different colors.
I had told him/her I had to small kids and santa was nice to gift me some items that would be for for me to use with my kids.
there were 2 lovely canadian postcards. A magic poo! My daughter loves it! A yellow wrapped Dark milk chocolate which I'm looking forward to taste. A wonderful hand made coloring book! Wow this is just amazing! My daughter and I will be filling it out soon enough :)
Scented stickers! haha these are great.
In a neat little pink wrapper there was about 20 lovely chocolate coins. my daughter thought it was a pirates treassure!
A sweet pair of Socks! I absolutely LOVE colorfull socks. these are my favorite pair now.
Kids are a great resource of fun quotes and my santa might have kids her/himself because I was gifted a book to write down kids quotes. We have previously writen down quotes on post-it notes and stuck it to the fridge. So this is really nice to get.
There was also a very small paper thingy that said "Goldfish" and I was like "nah that's not a goldfish". It was a small piece of paper and then it had a little hole in it. I blew a little at the hole and POP it suddenly blew up to a big pufferfish thingy.
Everything was wrapped in some lovely tape with birds doing human things!
Thank you very much santa. this was a lovely gift! You brought a lot of joy to our little family.
White House wants to add new racial category for Middle Eastern people Gregory Korte, USA TODAY 3:24 p.m. EDT October 1, 2016 WASHINGTON — The White House is putting forward a proposal to add a new racial category for people from the Middle East and North Africa under what would be the biggest realignment of federal racial definitions in decades. If approved, the new designation could appear on census forms in 2020 and could have far-reaching implications for racial identity, anti-discrimination laws and health research.
From USA Today, big news in the ongoing Flight from White as more opportunists lobby to get out from under the curse of being considered white in contemporary America:As well as affirmative action privileges, such as in government contracting and low interest loans.
Think of how much inconvenience Syrian immigrant Tony Rezko had to go through to qualify for minority set-asides. Barack Obama's real estate adviser had to recruit African American frontmen, like Black Muslim founder Elijah Muhammad's son, to qualify for minority set-asides in order to get contracts to run Chicago park hot dog stands and O'Hare Panda Expresses.
In the current year, however, we realize that Tony should have been directly handed racial privileges himself, for being who they are, the descendant of a Roman legionnaire assigned to Syria two millennia ago. It's time to cut out the useless African American middlemen and funnel affirmative action privileges straight to the Syrian immigrant hustlers.
That's who we are. The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward Tony Rezko getting affirmative action.
Under current law, people from the Middle East are considered white, the legacy of century-old court rulings in which Syrian Americans argued that they should not be considered Asian — because that designation would deny them citizenship under the 1882 Chinese Exclusion Act. But scholars and community leaders say more and more people with their roots in the Middle East find themselves caught between white, black and Asian classifications that don't fully reflect their identities. “What it does is it helps these communities feel less invisible,” said Helen Samhan of the Arab American Institute, which has been advocating the change for more than 30 years. “It's a good step, a positive step.” On Friday, the White House Office of Management and Budget advanced the proposal with a notice in the Federal Register, seeking comments on whether to add Middle Eastern and North African as a separate racial or ethnic category, which groups would be included, and what it should be called.
Under the proposal, the new Middle East and North African designation — or MENA, as it's called by population scholars — is broader in concept than Arab (an ethnicity) or Muslim (a religion). It would include anyone from a region of the world stretching from Morocco to Iran, and including Syrian and Coptic Christians, Israeli Jews and other religious minorities.
So it's not quite a done deal yet.How about Armenians? Chechens?What about Ukrainians, like this guy, the richest man in Ukraine?
Granted, they look kind of white, but he's a Volga Tatar and a Muslim, so if they ever has to relocate their base of operations to America, shouldn't they get affirmative action on U.S. government contracting?
Giving affirmative action benefits to Israelis would of course be a good idea because look a squirrel.
For example, this federal move could help ease the #OscarsSoWhite crisis. Jerusalem-born Natalie Portman, who won Best Actress in 2011 for The Black Swan, would be officially reclassified as nonwhite, which I'm sure will make Spike Lee and Nate Parker much happier. (Somebody should ask them.)
Regarding giving affirmative action to Israeli Jews, the U.S. government is aware that Israeli law makes it extremely easy for American Jews to become dual citizens of Israel just by moving there for awhile.
You don't have to fill out any forms or anything. It's automatically bestowed upon you.
But the Census Bureau, which has been quietly studying the issue for two years, also has gotten caught up in debates about some groups — such as Turkish, Sudanese and Somali Americans — who aren't included in that category. Those are issues the White House is trying to resolve before adding the box on 2020 census forms. Adding a box on the census form could have implications beyond racial identity. According to the White House notice, the new data could be used for a wide range of political and policy purposes, including: • Enforcing the Voting Rights Act and drawing congressional and state legislative district boundaries; • Establishing federal affirmative action plans and evaluating claims of employment discrimination in employment in the private sector; • Monitoring discrimination in housing, mortgage lending and credit;
• Enforcing school desegregation policies; and • Helping minority-owned small businesses get federal grants and loans.
… There are an estimated 3.6 million Arab-Americans in the United States, but that doesn't include other ethnic groups that could put the total Middle Eastern and North African population above 10 million. According to the Census Bureau's American Community Survey — a survey conducted in between the 10-year census cycle based on a statistical sample — about 1 million people from the region are first-generation immigrants to the United States. In the 2010 census, many Middle Easterners skipped the question entirely — an action some activists encouraged as a form of silent protest. “Check it right; you ain't white,” went one campaign. … Comments on the proposal are due in 30 days, making it possible for the Obama administration to enact the change in the last three months of a presidency that has spent considerable effort to be more inclusive of Arab-Americans and other Middle Easterners. “I think with them being the first African-American president and being an obvious example of making the American fabric more diverse, that this could be great sign of inclusion about what it means to be an American,” Awad said.
As we all know, that effort by the government has never led to problems.That's why the Carter and Reagan Administrations declared South Asians to not be white and lumped them in with East Asians, whom they don't much look like: immigrant Indian business people were mad that immigrant Chinese business people were being given affirmative action privileges in government contracting and low interest SBA loans over regular Americans, while they were being treated as badly as regular Americans were (and are).
Researchers have found a feature in the Intel Haswell CPUs that can be abused to reliably bypass a key security protection built into just about every major operating system.
According to a recent paper published by three researchers from State University of New York at Binghamton and the University of California in Riverside, the flaw works against a specific security mechanism called ASLR, short for “address space layout randomization.”
ASLR is used by operating systems to randomize the locations in computer memory where applications store specific chunks of code, making it difficult for attackers to inject their exploit shellcode. This limits the damage of an arbitrary code execution to a simple computer crash, rather than allowing a hacker to assume control.
However, a vulnerability in certain Intel processors that allows this protection to be bypassed could make malware attacks much more potent.
The researchers demonstrated the technique on a computer equipped with an Intel Haswell chip and running a recent version of Linux. They were able to exploit a flaw in the branch target buffer (BTB), a caching mechanism used by the CPU's branch target predictor, that allowed them to identify the memory locations where specific chunks of code would be stored.
“The BTB stores target addresses of recently executed branch instructions, so that those addresses can be obtained directly from a BTB lookup to fetch instructions starting at the target in the next cycle,” the researchers explain in their paper. “Since the BTB is shared by several applications executing on the same core, information leakage from one application to another through the BTB side-channel is possible.”
The researchers claim their BTB-based side-channel attacks can reliably recover kernel ASLR in around 60 milliseconds.
The research paper also proposes a number of hardware and software approaches to mitigate the likelihood of attack. You can find details of the exploit in the paper titled “Jump Over ASLR: Attacking the Branch Predictor to Bypass ASLR” that was presented yesterday at the 49th annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture in Taipei.
Committed to connecting the world
Archived Newsroom • Press Release Share
World Conference on International Telecommunications affirms right to freedom of information online
Delegates emphasize pre-eminence of UN treaties on human rights
Dubai, 4 December, 2012 – Delegates at the second Plenary session of the World Conference on International Telecommunications (WCIT-12, 3-14 December) today overwhelmingly supported the importance of Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights affirming the right of all people to freedom of opinion and expression, including the freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers.
The WCIT-12 conference is being held to renegotiate the International Telecommunication Regulations (ITRs), a binding global treaty that facilitates global interconnection and interoperability of information and communication services, setting out general principles for ensuring the free flow of information around the world and promoting affordable and equitable access for all.
A proposal introduced by the delegation of Tunisia asked the conference to include in Article 1 new wording specifically protecting freedom of expression, noting that “the same rights that people have offline must also be protected online”. It asked that Member States protect the right to “all dissemination means through telecommunications and ICTs in the exercise of this right, as well as the freedom of online peaceful assembly.”
The proposal sparked some vigorous debate, with delegates unanimously speaking out in favour of online freedom. Tunisia also pointed out that the events which have taken place recently in some regions of the world show that despite the existence and recognition of these rights in existing texts, this has not prevented some countries from cutting off international telecommunications, emphasizing that Tunisia believes the WCIT-12 conference should send a very strong signal about the need to protect the right to freedom of expression.
The conference asserted that additional text was not needed to be added to the highly technical treaty in view of the fact that the right to freedom of expression is already expressly protected by the text of treaties which take legal precedence over the ITRs, including Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Article 19 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, and Article 33 of the ITU's own Constitution.
ITU Secretary-General Dr Hamadoun I. Touré had themselves already spoken out strongly on the issue in their opening speech to the conference Plenary on Monday 3 December: “One of the most persistent myths [about WCIT-12] concerns freedom of expression, and it has been suggested that this conference might in some ways act to restrict the open and free flow of information. In Article 33 of the ITU's Constitution, however, Member States recognize the right of the public to correspond by means of the international service of public correspondence. And the ITRs cannot contradict that provision, or indeed any other article in the ITU Constitution.” Dr Touré went on to quote the text of Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in full, reminding all delegates that “here in Dubai we are not going to be challenging Article 19, or indeed any other article in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.”
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon was also forthright on the need to assert freedom of expression in their video message to delegates at the opening of the conference on Monday. “The Arab Spring showed the power of ICT to help people voice their legitimate demands for human rights and greater accountability…The management of information and communication technology should be transparent, democratic and inclusive of all stakeholders …The United Nation system stands behind the goal of an open internet. The right to communicate is central to the ITU's mission. The Universal Declaration of Human Rights guarantees freedom of expression across all media and all frontiers…These freedoms are not up for negotiation,” they said.
They also reminded delegates that the World Summit on the Information Society (2003/2005) affirmed the essential right to the free flow of information and ideas for peace, development and common progress.
Just prior to WCIT-12, the ITU World Telecommunication Standardization Assembly (WTSA-12) revised and adopted Resolution 69 on Non-discriminatory access and use of Internet resources recommending that ITU's 193 Member States refrain from taking any unilateral and/or discriminatory actions that could impede another Member State from accessing public Internet sites and using resources, within the spirit of Article 1 of the ITU Constitution and the principles set out during the 2003/2005 World Summit on the Information Society.
______
A full English transcript derived from the simultaneous captioning in the meeting rooms is available for all Plenary and Committee 5 sessions at: www.itu.int/en/wcit-12/Pages/captioning.aspx.
Live and archived multilingual webcasts of the WCIT-12 opening ceremony, opening press conference and all meetings of the conference Plenary and Committee 5 over the coming two weeks are available at: www.itu.int/en/wcit-12/Pages/webcast.aspx
From today, ITU will host a daily media briefing with the ITU Secretary-General and other key officials recapping each day's discussions. These briefings will take place at 18:00 local Dubai time, accessible on any computer via the Adobe Connect platform at: http://itu.adobeconnect.com/wcit2012/
Speeches, daily meeting schedules and other information can be found on the main WCIT-12 Newsroom at: www.itu.int/en/wcit-12/Pages/newsroom.aspx
A FAQ, a comprehensive set of Background Briefs covering the main discussion topics and a WCIT Myth Buster presentation can be found at: www.itu.int/en/wcit-12/Pages/WCIT-backgroundbriefs.aspx
View videos from the meeting and download broadcast quality video footage at: www.itu.int/en/newsroom/Pages/videos.aspx
Photos from the meeting can be downloaded at: www.flickr.com/photos/itupictures/sets/72157632073685626/
The main conference preparatory documents can be found at: www.itu.int/en/wcit-12/Pages/documents.aspx
The current ITRs can be found at: www.itu.int/oth/T3F01000001
Note to editors:
ITU is unique within the UN family in having some 700 Sector Members (mainly from the private sector) in addition to 193 Member States. All have been actively engaged in the WCIT-12 preparatory process, which has been underway for some years. In addition, ITU set up a public consultation website open to all stakeholders in six languages (total of 31 submissions received between 15 August-7 November, of which 29 published [and 2 rejected because of unauthorized hyperlinks]). ITU has also held four global briefings (supporting remote participation from anywhere around the world) open to media, analysts and civil society: those held using Adobe Connect are archived at: http://www.itu.int/en/wcit-12/Pages/media-briefings.aspx.
The full text of the Tunisian proposal:
ITU (Preamble, Articles, Final Formula)
ADD TUN/25/1
1.0 1.0 In implementing the provisions of these Regulations, Member States shall protect the Right to Freedom of Expression as recognized by Articles 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, and by Article 33 of the Constitution; and thereby protect access to all dissemination means through telecommunication/ICTs in the exercise of this right as well as the freedom of online peaceful assembly and of association and all other rights on which States shall impose no limitations other than those permitted by international law, in particular international human rights law (HRC Resolution 21/25)
Member States acknowledge that the same rights that people have offline must also be protected online, in particular freedom of expression, which is applicable regardless of frontiers and through any media of one's choice, in accordance with the Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights; (HRC Resolution 20/8).
In this regard, Member States shall ensure that any restrictions placed on the exercise of the Right to Freedom of Expression through the means of telecommunication/ICTs should be in accordance with the criteria set forth in Article 43 of the Constitution and of Article 19 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
ENDS
For more information, please contact:
Paul Conneally
Head, Communications & Partnership Promotion, ITU +41 22 730 5601 +41 79 592 5668 +971 55 639 7614 paul.conneally@itu.int Sarah Parkes
Chief, Media Relations and Public Information, ITU +41 22 730 6135 +41 79 599 1439 +971 55 639 7644 sarah.parkes@itu.int Gary Fowlie
Head, ITU liaison Office to the United Nations +1 917 679 5252 +971 55 639 7677 gary.fowlie@itu.int Zara Nazim
Raee PR
Dubai Media City +971 50 801 2315 z.nazim@raeeme.com Sana Al-Lababidi
Raee PR
Dubai Media City +971 50 162 6565 s.lababidi@raeeme.com Noora Al Ameri
Telecommunications Regulatory Authority
United Arab Emirates +971 55 893 2525 noora.alameri@tra.gov.ae Noor M. Shamma
Media Relations Manager
Telecommunications Regulatory Authority
United Arab Emirates +971 2 611 8260 noor.shamma@tra.gov.ae Note for media: please register in ITU's video newsroom for access to broadcast quality footage and news packages at www.itu.int/en/newsroom/Pages/videos.aspx. About ITU...
When the Giants' season finally came to an end on October 1, San Francisco's front office could have started the process of taking inventory and determining exactly what the club needed to do to improve upon a 64-98 campaign.
It turns out, as vice president of baseball operations Brian Sabean noted, the “autopsy” on the Giants' failures began during the summer. So when Sabean, general manager Bobby Evans and manager Bruce Bochy gathered to address the state of the franchise two days after the conclusion of the regular season, the Giants' leadership had already assembled a checklist of team needs they planned to address during the offseason.
At the top of that list was a defensive-minded center fielder, followed closely by a third baseman, and then followed by additional bullpen help. The Giants outlined their three needs, and they made a very public goal of checking off each box on their list by the time Spring Training rolls around in 2018.
On Wednesday morning, the Giants made their first significant stride toward addressing an issue that plagued the team last year, as Evans executed a trade for Tampa Bay Rays' third baseman and three-time All-Star Evan Longoria. Longoria will slide into the heart of the order and bring a power bat coupled with Gold Glove-caliber defense to a Giants' team in desperate need of production, and he'll help Evans and Co. move on to the next item on the team's checklist.
On Wednesday afternoon, though, Evans appeared with Tolbert & Lund on KNBR and revealed a revised checklist, announcing that San Francisco was in the market for more than just a center fielder and relief pitching.
“The outfield, that's what's next,” Evans said. “We have to look at every option to strengthen ourselves. We have guys in the system that we'd like to give more time to, at the right time they should be able to come up and help us, but in the meantime, we want to look at opportunities that would bring power from one corner outfield spot, whether that's left or right, and then ultimately center field defense. That's our focal point.”
The admission by Evans that San Francisco is looking for power from a corner outfield position suggests the Giants have developed the perspective that they began the offseason with. Though adding power from a corner outfielder might have been an internal goal, the Giants didn't make that goal public until they began to pursue Miami Marlins' slugger Giancarlo Stanton. Even after Stanton brushed off the Marlins' request to waive their no-trade clause to come to San Francisco, it wasn't immediately obvious that Evans was searching to add a power hitting outfielder to the Giants' lineup.
However, after losing Denard Span in the Longoria trade on Wednesday morning, the Giants are now looking to add another corner outfielder to play opposite of Hunter Pence, and still determined to find a center fielder who has the speed and range to cover the vast territory of AT&T Park.
Evans was asked if he'd like to break any news about the next Giants' move, and while they said another transaction wouldn't be coming today, the general manager did say several agents reached out to them about where the team stands with their clients.
“Ultimately, we only have three or four spots we're searching for,” Evans said. “Just as much as we announced the deal today, every agent was reaching out today on their outfielders knowing that remains our focus.”
To listen to Evans' full interview with Tolbert & Lund, click the podcast link below. To hear Evans' comments on adding a power-hitting outfielder, skip ahead to the 5:11 mark.
Friday looked like a day (or at least a morning) of steady westerly winds which once again offered up the prospect of some practice on the wire (following last weeks winch solo ) and some guaranteed ridge lift to help prolong a flight. It was a busy morning at the club, and both of our Astir's were claimed by other pilots - I pulled them out of the hangar and equipped them with batteries and 'chutes as if to will people into the air and back, so that my turn would come.
Once ready to fly, I optimistically packed a ham sandwich and a packet of biscuits in the side pocket and a full bottle of water. Nobody needs a dehydration headache at 500ft on a windy day. I was ready to go.
The winch began to pull and the ASI indicated around 60kts which is sufficient, so I rotated into the climb, tried to keep a wing down slightly to prevent blowing off track and released at the top as per usual. Turning onto the ridge provided brief indications of 2-4kt lift as expected, but the 10kt thermals another pilot had experienced in the morning didn't seem to have remained! Someone else had indicated that the ridge had worked for them until about 800ft, but I maxed out at 700 before each turn just seemed to cost height, rather than provide it. I never even bothered to put the wheel up because I didn't have confidence in climbing away.
At 500ft and only having been airborne for 15 minutes, I called right base and, given the wind conditions, executed a landing that I was really quite pleased with. As always, things I will look to improve such as carrying a bit of extra speed into the base leg, but quickly corrected and I'd rather be a little too fast than too slow. I can also chalk up another winch launch, so that's another positive.
Whilst waiting for a buggy retrieve, I ate my sandwiches. That hadn't entirely been the point of taking them. I denied myself a biscuit treat, it was not deserved!
With more names on the list to fly an Astir, I had to wait a short while and then do some searching around to ensure I didn't queue jump. I refilled my water bottle, packed my biscuits and readied myself to go again.
A better launch this time, it seemed a bit faster and I think perhaps I got a little extra height, but the flight logger indicated about 450'. More importantly though, is that this time there was much more lift than sink, and within 10 minutes I was up at around 1000' and free to take a thermal, when one presented itself. I stuck along the ridge line until one came to me, and soon climbed to around 1500'.
It was reasonably tough going, the thermals were registering 2-4kts, even 6 in brief places, but almost as soon as I turned through them, they were gone (or at least not where I was), but I managed to gain more height than I was losing through sheer perseverance. Satisfied that this time, the ridge was a good fallback, I ventured a little further out into wind to see if I could pick up some lift before the hillside broke it up.
I was rewarded with climbs to around 2400', and a bit later, 2900' (both QFE) and found the skies to be fairly bouyant, with lots of areas of minimal sink, so I was able to fly some short, straight glides whilst maintaining height. I found Hood Hill to be a good source of thermal lift today, as well as Gormire.
At some point, I had forgotten what time I had taken off. I felt sure that it had been well over an hour, but couldn't confirm. I wondered if the one of the screens of the S80 vario contained flight time, but a quick flick through them seemed to suggest not. I decided not to worry too much about it since the flying was good and the lift didn't seem to be in too much danger of dying down (although wind strength was supposedly going to decrease in the afternoon).
Whilst the ridge lift continued to be active, I eventually started to sense that the thermals were becoming fewer, and weakening, and so not wanting to be scrabbling around at 700ft again, I retreated back there at around 1100' and found myself able to maintain it, opportunistically topping up with whatever additional lift came my way.
Eventually, I decided that I must have been very close to my two-hour target, I thought I should be sure though.
"Sutton Base, Delta Papa Oscar"
"Delta Papa Oscar, Pass your message"
"Sutton Base, Could you confirm my flight duration please?"
"Stand by."
"Delta Papa Oscar, Sutton Base. You've been flying for about two hours twenty."
"Perfect, thank you. Delta Papa Oscar."
I had a celebratory biscuit and hung around for a few minutes more on the ridge, since I still had 1000', there was no apparent rush to land. I soon decided that with the best of the day gone and my goal completed, there really wasn't anything else to be gained from this flight. I headed out to high key, made my checks, and flew a complete circuit around onto runway 24 with a landing arguably better than the first, which I had already been pleased with.
All in all, a good day flying and a great way to spend a Friday off work!
I'm sure that most jobs have their busy times. For my current job, it's all about the first couple of weeks in August and the month or so leading up to them. I'm lucky though, in that even if I don't feel able to take a few days off - I can usually escape for a day here and there at fairly short notice, which ties in well with a hobby that can be dependent on weather conditions that only start to become clear a few days in advance.
Uneconomic growth, in human development theory, welfare economics (the economics of social welfare), and some forms of ecological economics, is economic growth that reflects or creates a decline in the quality of life. The concept is attributed to leading ecological economist and steady-state theorist Herman Daly, though other theorists can also be credited for the incipient idea.[1][2] Note Uneconomic growth (or uneconomic degrowth) should not be confused with economic degrowth, the reduction of the size of the economy to increase well-being and sustainability.[3]
The marginal costs of a growing economy may gradually exceed the marginal benefits, however measured.
The cost, or decline in well-being, associated with extended economic growth is argued to arise as a result of "the social and environmental sacrifices made necessary by that growing encroachment on the eco-system."[4][5] In other words, "[u]neconomic growth occurs when increases in production come at an expense in resources and well-being that is worth more than the items made."[6]
Types of growth [ edit ]
The rate or type of economic growth may have important consequences for the environment (the climate and natural capital of ecologies). Concerns about possible negative effects of growth on the environment and society led some to advocate lower levels of growth, from which comes the idea of uneconomic growth, and Green parties which argue that economies are part of a global society and a global ecology and cannot outstrip their natural growth without damaging them.
Canadian scientist David Suzuki argued in the 1990s that ecologies can only sustain typically about 1.5–3% new growth per year, and thus any requirement for greater returns from agriculture or forestry will necessarily cannibalize the natural capital of soil or forest. Some think this argument can be applied even to more developed economies.
The role of technology, and Jevons paradox [ edit ]
Mainstream economists would argue that economies are driven by new technology—for instance, we have faster computers today than a year ago, but not necessarily physically more computers[citation needed]. Growth that relies entirely on exploiting increased knowledge rather than exploiting increased resource consumption may thus not qualify as uneconomic growth. In some cases, this may be true where technology enables lower amounts of input to be used in producing the same unit of product (and/or it reduces the amount or hazardousness of the waste generated per unit product produced) (e.g., the increased availability of movies through the Internet or cable television electronically may reduce the demand for physical video tapes or DVDs for films). Nonetheless, it is crucial to also recognise that innovation- or knowledge-driven growth still may not entirely resolve the problem of scale, or increasing resource consumption. For instance, there might likely be more computers due to greater demand and replacements for slower computers.
The Jevons Paradox is the proposition that technological progress that increases the efficiency with which a resource is used, tends to increase (rather than decrease) the rate of consumption of that resource.[7][8] For example, given that expenditure on necessities and taxes remain the same, (i) the availability of energy-saving lightbulbs may mean lower electricity usage and fees for a household but this frees up more discretionary, disposable income for additional consumption elsewhere (an example of the "rebound effect")[9][10] and (ii) technology (or globalisation) that leads to the availability of cheaper goods for consumers also frees up discretionary income for increased consumptive spending.
On the other hand, new renewable energy and climate change mitigation technology (such as artificial photosynthesis) has been argued to promote a prolonged era of human flight attendantship over ecosystems known as the Sustainocene. In the Sustainocene, "instead of the cargo-cult ideology of perpetual economic growth through corporate pillage of nature, globalised artificial photosynthesis will facilitate a steady state economy and further technological revolutions such as domestic nano-factories and e-democratic input to local communal and global governance structures. In such a world, humans will no longer feel economically threatened, but rather proud, that their moral growth has allowed them to uphold Rights of Nature."[11]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
After decades of stalled promises to tear down the vacant rowhomes that have become symbolic of Baltimore's woes, Gov. Larry Hogan pledged at the start of the year that "thousands" would come down over four years with an infusion of $75 million in state money.
Nine months later, the program, dubbed Project CORE, has barely begun.
Officials had identified more than 370 properties for demolition by the end of 2016, but just 53 properties have been approved for razing, and costs are mounting faster than anticipated — both troubling signs the program could fall short of its goals.
In interviews, city and state officials backed away from previous projections but said it is too early to judge the effectiveness the program, a partnership between the state Department of Housing and Community Development, the Maryland Stadium Authority, and Baltimore's housing department.
"It's a tremendous amount of new money both for our administration and the governor, and we expect it to have meaningful results in Baltimore, real palpable results," said Michael Braverman, deputy commissioner at Baltimore Housing. "We're all stepping back from giving a number, and the reason is that it's sort of a moving target."
Funding for the program wasn't approved until April, said Doug Mayer, a spokesperson for Hogan, who described the project as "on schedule and moving ahead."
"This is just beginning," they said.
Baltimoreans are familiar with promises to address vacant properties.
In the 1990s, under Mayor Kurt Schmoke and their housing commissioner, Daniel Henson, the city razed 2,500 abandoned units in three years, only to face a backlash because the new lots, some torn down midblock, were left to fill with weeds and trash. Affordable housing advocates also were outraged to discover the list of tear-downs included dilapidated public housing.
Barbara Haddock Taylor / Baltimore Sun This is a row of houses on the 2700 block of Fenwick Avenue which are waiting to be demolished by the city. This is a row of houses on the 2700 block of Fenwick Avenue which are waiting to be demolished by the city. (Barbara Haddock Taylor / Baltimore Sun) (Barbara Haddock Taylor / Baltimore Sun)
In the 2000s, Mayor Martin O'Malley's administration changed course, assembling blocks of properties for redevelopment under Project 5000. The city's inventory of real estate swelled but efforts to boost property sales fell flat.
Later on, Mayor Sheila Dixon proposed a land bank, but left office before the measure moved forward.
With Vacants to Value, Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake's administration worked to target absentee landlords and streamline the sales process, focusing efforts in neighborhoods where private investors might be interested.
As the number of vacant buildings in Baltimore continued to mount — estimates range from about 17,000 to more than 50,000 — the program faced criticism from those who say the approach neglects vast swaths of the city, particularly impoverished African-American neighborhoods.
Rawlings-Blake announced a surge of demolition funding in 2013 — aiming to raze 1,500 homes — but the pace of demolition remained largely unchanged. Over at least the past 10 years, demolitions fluctuated from a low of 150 to a high of 368, for an average of about 270 a year, according to city data.
"I never think they are moving as quickly as they could be," Mark Washington said of the city's demolition efforts.
Washington leads the Coldstream-Homestead-Montebello Community Corp. and has pushed the city for years to address vacants on several blocks in the neighborhood, which they believe could be part of a larger redevelopment.
In July, a fire broke out on one of the blocks. The rowhouses in the 2700 block of Fenwick Avenue, which has one remaining resident, were destroyed in the two-alarm blaze.
On a recent weekday, Washington stood facing the husks of burned-out buildings as neighbors told them how the fire had melted cars parked across the street. They complained that the structures remain a safety hazard and asked when the city plans to take them down.
"They do act," they said of city officials, "but it's in this very elongated time-frame, and when you have residents who are living in blighted communities with derelict buildings, the resolution can't come fast enough."
The city housing department issued an emergency condemnation and demolition notice after the fire on Fenwick Avenue but is still working to relocate the one resident. Braverman said the city, which owns one of the six vacant buildings, also is trying to notify the other owners.
Project CORE
Announced in January on a block full of vacant homes in Sandtown-Winchester, Project CORE was billed in part as a way to address the weaknesses of earlier programs.
Sandtown-Winchester has been a focus of discussions about blight and poverty in the city; it's the neighborhood where Freddie Gray lived and was arrested. Their death last year from injuries sustained in police custody sparked widespread protests and rioting.
Under the new program, the state promised to give the Stadium Authority at least $7.1 million a year in funding for demolition — and the possibility of up to $25 million a year — over four years. Individual projects also can apply to the state for demolition or stabilization funding.
In addition, the state promised to make other existing programs — such as low-income housing tax credits, lending and grant programs — available to projects on sites created by demolitions. The state Department of Housing and Community Development estimates that about $600 million in financing would be available for such redevelopment proposals over four years, though legislative analysts have questioned how that financing would work.
The city is responsible for readying properties for tear-down and maintenance of the lots afterward.
Officials said the tear-down program — Rawlings-Blake referred to it as "demolition dollars on steroids" — has been slow to start, in part because agencies spent time developing best practices in response to neighborhood complaints about previous razing jobs gone wrong.
Imagine you're on the moon of Endor after taking Star Tours Flight 45. Close your eyes and concentrate on your surroundings. You can smell the forest, touch the soft humid soil, and hear the distant song of a lantern bird. Then, suddenly you might find yourself hanging upside down, caught in a booby trap of an Ewok tribe. Welcome to the land of the Ewoks.
The origin of the Ewoks is rather diverse. Story wise, the Ewoks evolved from Wookiees. George Lucas had foreseen that the decisive battle in the Galactic Civil War would take place between the Wookiees and the Empire, but since Chewbacca was too skilled at using technology, Lucas wanted a more primitive species to defeat the Empire. In our own history the origins of the Ewoks can be found in the Vietnam War (1955 – 1975). In that confrontation during the Cold War, the guerrilla Vietcong warriors were a constant threat to the anti-communist soldiers because they knew every inch of the jungles they called home.
The small and adorable Ewoks managed to rise far above their appearance in Return of the Jedi. They were the stars of two television movies (Caravan of Courage and The Battle for Endor) and in a cartoon series made by Nelvana. They even made an appearance on Ice Capades in 1986! To the untrained eye, many Ewoks look alike. But if we have a closer look, you'll recognize many individual Ewoks. And the best thing is that we don't need to be dragged into their village as prisoners in order to meet them!
Return of the Jedi
The word Ewok is never mentioned in Return of the Jedi and neither is one of the Ewok names. A handful Ewoks were named by the production or were mentioned in the novelization. Six Ewoks are mentioned on the credits of Episode VI. Wicket is the most famous by far. Wicket Wystri Warrick is the young inquisitive Ewok scout who meets Princess Leia after their encounter with the Imperial biker scouts. Wicket leads Leia to Bright Tree Village where they get a warmer welcome than their friends would get. Wicket goes on to warn their tribe of the trap that has been sprung by the Empire near the shield generator bunker. During the battle against the Empire, Wicket shows bravery, but they haven't been able to fully master all of their species' fighting techniques. Chieftain of the village is Chirpa, a wise and older Ewok who leads a Council of Elders. Chirpa is advised by their pet iguana and agrees that the rebel strike team can become a part of their tribe. Logray is the shaman of the tribe. They don't believe that C-3PO has special powers, but when they apparently do seem to have magic powers after all, they immediately decides to set the heroes free. Logray also fights against the Empire in the battle along Teebo. He's another scout and warrior who leads the scouting party that brings the captive heroes to the village. Teebo sports the skull of a gurreck as a headpiece. Paploo is a scout and together with Wicket they reveal a secret passage to the strike team, a pathway that will lead straight to the shield generator bunker. They even manage to lure three biker scouts away after stealing one of their speeder bikes. The last Ewok mentioned on the credits is Nicki. For a long time fans had no idea who Nicki was, but it was uncovered that he's the Ewok with gray fur who does a cartwheel during the festivities.
Kenner made five of the six Ewoks mentioned in the credits, but they decided to add three more to their line of action figures. Lumat is the chief woodcutter of the tribe (though their action figure came with a bow). Warok is the father of Teebo and a known Ewok warrior. Romba can easily be seen in Episode VI since he's the Ewok who mourns for their fallen comrade Nanta. Wokling (a baby Ewok) Nippet gets their name during the vintage era, but it took some time before they were properly identified in the movie. Nippet is the daughter of Lumat.
Despite some of Decipher's typical errors, the CCG names a few Ewoks in the nineties. Graak is a cunning Ewok who's armed with an ax. Kazak is the first Elder and an important adviser to Chirpa. Rabin is a loner and a survival expert. These three Ewoks are all part of the group that captures the heroes. Wuta is a scout who searches for fallen trees in order to make tools out of them. They can be seen talking briefly to Wicket in the village courtyard.
After the CCG, more Ewoks gradually received their name. The two Ewoks who operate the AT-ST walker alongside Chewbacca are known as Widdle Warrick and Wunka. Widdle is Wicket's older brother and Wunka is the Ewok with very dark fur who carefully caresses Chewie in the cockpit of the AT-ST. Leektar can easily be recognized by the large skull he's sporting as their headgear. They originally hail from Red Bush Grove, and is eventually named an Honorary Elder by Chirpa. Tokkat is Wunka's brother, and this Ewok with dark fur uses a bow during the battle. Nanta, Flitchee, Nho'Apakk, Chubbray, and Stemzee were all named by Hasbro who made their action figures. Nanta is the Ewok who gets killed in combat and is accompanied by Romba, who mourns for their fallen friend. Flitchee is the Ewok who can be seen swinging an E-11 blaster rifle during the battle. Nho'Apakk has been tricky to identify. Before Hasbro released Chubbray and Stemzee, two Ewoks that operate one of the catapults, it was believed that Nho'Apakk was one of them. Additional research identifies another Ewok as Nho'Apakk.
A final group of names is given in the Rogues Gallery article in Star Wars Insider 135 by Leland Chee. The Ewoks that receive their name for the first time in this article are Wispeth, Greemon, Lakotup, Wijunkee, Barneeson, Taras, Brethupp, Fufuneek and Khungata. Some of these individuals are rather hard to identify. Brethupp is an easy one since they have spotted fur and can be seen in the village square. He's also one of the Ewok drummers during the festivities. Taras and Khungata are part of the group that encounters the trapped heroes. Greemon has a greenish headgear and can be seen in the village square piling up logs under Han Solo. Fufuneek has brown fur, small ears and can be recognized by their ‘pointy' hood. Wijunkee has a white strap across their shoulder.
Legends from television
As mentioned earlier the Ewoks also starred in two television movies and a cartoon series in the eighties. Caravan of Courage: An Ewok Adventure (ABC, 1984) features Wicket, Widdle, and Logray from the movies, but also introduces the powerful Chukha-Trok, the priestess Kaink, and other members of the Warrick family, including Wicket's father Deej, Wicket's mother Shodu, Wicket's eldest brother Weechee, and their Wokling sister Winda. Ewoks: The Battle for Endor (ABC, 1985) features several Ewoks from Return of the Jedi, but only mentions Wicket by name.
Star Wars: Ewoks was produced by Nelvana on behalf of Lucasfilm and ran for two seasons (1985 – 1986). The thirty five episodes focused on the life of young Wicket and their friends. Introduced in the cartoon is Wicket's best friend and romantic interest Princess Kneesaa A Jari Kintaka, the youngest daughter of Chief Chirpa. Kneesaa has become a popular character due to many appearances in the cartoon, in comics and as merchandising. Other new friends of Wicket are Latara (Teebo's love interest) and Malani (Teebo's younger sister). A funny thing to notice is that the cartoon apparently switched the identities of Teebo and Paploo. Among newly introduced Ewoks in the cartoon are Asha (Kneesaa's long lost elder sister), Erpham Warrick (Wicket's great-grandfather), Bozzie (Paploo's mother), Ra-Lee (Chirpa's deceased wife), Wiley (Latara's wokling brother) and Zephee (Lumat's wife and Latara's mother).
Other Woklings of Bright Tree Village are Leeni, Mookiee and Gwig. Warwick is an Ewok mentioned in the novelization of Episode VI.
“We do hope you have enjoyed our tour of the Ewoks on Endor. Please remain seated until the captain has opened the doors. Meechoo che donno moktok. Yeha!”
Tim Veekhoven (Sompeetalay) from Belgium is president and co founder of TeeKay-421, the Belgian Star Wars Fanclub. They have contributed to Star Wars Insider (Rogues Gallery), is an administrator for Yodapedia and has written four character backstories in “What's the Story?”.
Sources:
Caravan of Courage: An Ewok Adventure (ABC)
Decipher CCG (Endor)
Ewoks at the Ice Capades (blog by Abel Peña)
Ewoks: The Battle for Endor (ABC)
Leektar in the Databank
Star Tours
Star Wars Character Encyclopedia (Beecroft, 2011)
Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi (Marquand, 1983)
Star Wars: Ewoks (Nelvana)
Star Wars Ewoks:
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Two polls, one of millionaires and one of everyone, have both found 68 percent support for a millionaires surtax. "68 percent of millionaires (those with investments of $1 million or more) support raising taxes on those with $1 million or more in income. Fully 61 percent of those with net worths of $5 million or more support the tax on million-plus earners," reports the Wall Street Journal, citing a study from Spectrem Group--a consulting firm that focuses on the affluent and retirement markets. If "68 percent" sounds familiar, it's because last week's National Journal poll regarding the Democratic proposal for a millionaire tax found that "a whopping 68 percent of adults support the Democratic surtax to pay for the cost of their jobs plan." So basically, 68 percent of America's 1 percent, totally agrees with the 68 percent of the America's 99 percent (taking into account that NJ's poll didn't discern between income brackets)? That might be the sound of common ground (or a blogger trying their best to crunch numbers).
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
Harry S. Truman seems likely to be our last self-educated president. Currently we are on pace for five consecutive Ivy League-primed commanders-in-chief. Of the twenty-three cabinet or cabinet-rank members in the Obama Administration, thirteen graduated from either Harvard or Yale (and, in the case of Samantha Power and John King, both). All eight sitting Supreme Court justices attended either Harvard or Yale Law School—though Ruth Bader Ginsburg, in classically rogue fashion, transferred to Columbia Law.
In the rosy aftermath of the 2008 election, a columnist in the Daily Telegraph used the glowing phrase “modern meritocrats” to christen the initial round of Obama appointments, but to regard this oval-shaped circle jerk as genuinely meritocratic is not just fallacious; it's outright delusional.
After all, herein lies one of the more confounding paradoxes of our digital era: It is easier than ever to self-educate to a high standard, yet the number of autodidacts (by which I mean self-directed learners with limited formal schooling or vocational training) at the top of their chosen fields is dwindling faster than the stock of Atlas Shrugged hardcovers at the Reagan Library gift shop.
The pioneers of the tech sector have strayed far from their nonconformist roots.
Meanwhile Silicon Valley, that strange and prodigal place, has long touted itself as a safe haven for the autodidact, harboring dropouts as if fugitives on the run. But this self-styled meritocratic oasis is most assuredly a mirage. (Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg are too invested in the corporatization of education to coax kids to ditch. And while Peter Thiel is bankrolling the exodus from higher ed, this Darwinian endowment appears to have less to do with fostering talent than making some splashy ideological statement.) An analysis of over one million job postings for software developers found that Silicon Valley firms are the least pliant in their credentialing requirements; 77 percent of postings indicated an educational status. Of those positions, 98 percent requested either a bachelor's or master's degree. Developer jobs without a minimum education level were advertised with a starting salary of 36 percent less than the postings requesting a bachelor's or higher. It seems the pioneers of the tech sector have strayed far from their nonconformist roots.
In this daunting context, it's curious that the lore surrounding Abraham Lincoln's bootstrap upbringing continues to be bandied about in school classrooms both as a testament to some uniquely American resolve and as evidence of the meritocratic values on which this country was based.
Granted, the exigencies, discriminatory practices, and economic barriers that steered many toward self-education no longer exist. Children, in this country at least, aren't being handed lunch pails and bused off to factories. But we shouldn't assume that just because a person can reliably attend school that they should, and that all tributaries should flow into the same college-bound river. Autodidacticism is as old as civilization; in many ways, it is the story of civilization. The problem with public advocacy campaigns urging kids to stay in school is that they treat education as a fundamentally passive pursuit. Jump through these hoops, however rote and arbitrary they may seem, and you will become a card-holding member of the professional class. If the aim truly is to develop a highly skilled and adaptable workforce, then we should be encouraging people to get educated through means as numerous and unusual as possible.
As the hiring process is an uncertain and potentially costly venture, employers depend on cues from a candidate's education, reasoning that a productive individual would have an easier time attaining a degree than a less productive one. (This is where the idea of “merit” comes from.) A more realistic view locates the value of the elite degree in what economist Michael Spence would call its “signaling” capacity. Ivy League educations are in essence Veblen goods: more notable for the status they confer upon their recipient than for the quality of their offerings; they narrow the pool of potential candidates for a job to those who have a nifty institutional name on which to hang their hat. A recent study conducted by researchers at Teachers College at Columbia University and Yeshiva University found little discernible difference in academic rigor and instructional quality between elite universities and lower prestige ones. (The principal difference is the price tag, with tuition and expenses at the asupervisorstioned Columbia cresting $70,000 per year.)
Among the more insidious contributors to the decline of the autodidact is the practice of networking, which has taken on a heightened role in professional climbing, with an estimated four out of five jobs being the result of a few spins of the Rolodex (most of which are pocket listings, inaccessible to the layperson). Brick by brick, the well connected have erected a fortress that insulates them from the routine indignities of job seeking.
Your barber has an occupational license, as does your neighbor's interior designer and—in Louisiana—your florist.
Occupational licensing is another boot to the keister of the autodidact. The number of workers with some type of occupational license has risen from 5 percent in the 1950s to around 25 percent of employees today, according to a report by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The surgeon holding a sharp instrument inches from your arterial wall and the pilot jumping a hunk of metal over roiling waters have a license—a talisman that helps us sleep better at night. But so does your barber and your neighbor's interior designer and—in Louisiana—your florist. In the majority of cases these requirements are another form of rent-seeking, a way for more established professionals to keep outsiders and upstarts from encroaching on their territory.
Consider that modern architecture was birthed by the self-educated practitioner. Louis Sullivan and Frank Lloyd Wright each completed less than two years of college. Mies van der Rohe boasted no postsecondary schooling. Le Corbusier trained as a watch engraver. Yet current NCARB regulations would prevent them from practicing their craft. Between education and training, the licensing process takes an average of thirteen years to complete. New York State has a continued education requirement, whereby an architect is expected to log thirty-six hours of additional learning every three years through an approved sponsor, and, as the lengthy FAQ section on the NYS Education Department website makes clear, independent study is not an acceptable alternative.
No Wainwright Building or Farnsworth House or Fallingwater.
But then again, what is more threatening to the status quo than a liberated learner?
Benintendi Named National Player of the Year
FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. – In the midst of the greatest season in Arkansas baseball history, sophomore outfielder Andrew Benintendi has been named the National Player of the Year as announced by Collegiate Baseball Thursday morning.
Benintendi becomes the first Razorback in program history to earn National Player of the Year honors and the 14th player in the history of the SEC to garner NCAA Player of the Year accolades.
The Cincinnati native is on the brink of becoming the third player in SEC history to lead the league in home runs and batting average, currently holding a two-homer lead and 16-point edge in batting average. Benintendi would join Rafael Palmeiro (Miss State in ‘84) and Jeff Abbott (UK in ‘94) as the only players in conference history to accomplish the feat.
The sophomore is one of two players in the country to rank in the top 15 in home runs and batting average and one of two individuals in the nation with 15-plus home runs and 20-plus stolen bases.
In the best baseball conference in America, Benintendi leads the SEC in batting average, home runs, slugging percentage, on base percentage and walks, and is the only player in the nation to rank in the top 25 nationally in every category.
Benintendi joins SEC legends Magadan, Price, Will Clark (1985), Derick Lilliquist (1987), Ben McDonald (1989), Lloyd Peever (1992), Todd Helton (1995), Tim Hudson (1997), Brad Wilkerson (1998), Eddy Furniss (1998), Kip Bouknight (2000), Mike Zunino (2012) and AJ Reed (2014) as national players of the year in the conference.
Projected as a top 10 pick in next month's Major League Baseball Draft by MLB senior writer Jim Callis, Benintendi would become seventh first round pick in program history and the first since Ryne Stanek in 2013. Only two Razorbacks have ever been selected in the top 20 picks of the MLB Draft, as Jeff King was taken No. 1 overall by the Pirates in 1986 and Kevin McReynolds went sixth overall to the Padres in 1981.
On the eve of the opening day of the 2015 NCAA Tournament, Benintendi has the highest slugging percentage (.738) of any player in the field, while their .391 batting average is the second-highest among hitters appearing in NCAA Regionals.
#BennyBaseball Breakdown
• Is the first National Player of the Year in program history.
• Is the first Arkansas athlete in baseball, football and men's basketball to garner National Player of the Year honors.
• Is the first SEC Player of the Year in program history.
• Is the first Razorback to win a major SEC award since Nick Schmidt won Pitcher of the Year in 2006.
• Is the first player in school history with at least 15 home runs and 20 stolen bases in a season.
• Only player in the SEC to rank in the top 25 nationally in batting average, home runs, slugging percentage and on base percentage.
• On pace to become first player in SEC history to win the batting title, home run title and Player of the Year.
• On pace to become the third player in SEC history to finish the year as the league leader in home runs and batting average.
• Is one of only two players in the country with 15-plus home runs and 20-plus stolen bases.
• Currently leads the SEC in batting average, home runs, slugging percentage, on base percentage and walks.
• Is eight RBIs shy of becoming the second Triple Crown winner in SEC history.
• Leads all sophomores in the country in batting average, home runs and slugging percentage.
Power
• Is third in the country with 18 home runs on the year.
• Is third the country with a .738 slugging percentage (Highest of any player in NCAA Tournament).
• Ranks eighth in the SEC with 52 RBI on the year (Eight behind leader).
• Had a span of four home runs in six plate appearances against Mississippi Valley State and Kentucky.
Consistency
• Leads the SEC with a .492 on base percentage (Third highest of any player in NCAA Tournament).
• Leads the SEC with a .391 batting average (Second highest of any player in NCAA Tournament).
• Their .391 batting average would be the highest at Arkansas since 2010, when Zack Cox set the school record at .429.
Speed
• Is second in the SEC with 149 total bases (Six behind the leader).
• Tied for fifth in the SEC with 22 stolen bases on the year.
• Tied for fourth in the SEC with 54 runs scored.
On The Horizon
• Named a Golden Spikes Award semifinalist
• One of 35 semifinalists for Dick Howser Trophy
AUSTRALIA's agricultural exports achieved a notable milestone last year, overtaking total coal to become the country's second most valuable commodity export after iron ore.
Farm exports grew to $39.275 billion in 2015, up from $38b the previous year, while ag's nearest competitor, coal, continues to haemorrhage export value.
Combined coal exports, including thermal used for energy production and coking for steelmaking, fell to $37.87b, down a whopping $16.87b compared to 2009.
Iron ore, valued at $54.516b in 2015 still rules the roost, but has plummeted from $74.671b the previous year.
However, farm exports have climbed steadily on the back of increasing Asian demand, up from $35b in 2009.
NSW Farmers president, Derek Schoen, said the figures “again show the value of agriculture to the economy”.
Governments needed to prioritise infrastructure initiatives to help lift ag exports.
“Dedicated freight rail links between the major ports on the eastern seaboard are vitally important,” Mr Schoen said.
”This is a long-standing bottleneck for our economy and unnecessarily high freight costs are putting our exporters at a distinct disadvantage to our competitors.”
They said agriculture could expect to benefit from labour force opportunities as coal declined, particularly “labour in regional towns for the service sector as well”.
Westpac agribusiness general manager, Steve Hannan, shared farmers' positive view of the sector's medium term prospects.
Farmers were looking to increase their scale and technology investments.
Producer ownership of new technology and strategies to lift productivity had risen significantly in the past year.
Have you suddenly discovered some people sharing a 2010 news story of BBC on Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) in India being vulnerable to be “hacked”? Do you think they dug that story up from the BBC website thanks to their sharp memories? Not exactly. BBC helped them.
A day after BSP supremo Mayawati made rather ridiculous allegation that EVMs were hacked that helped BJP win big in Uttar Pradesh, BBC News recycled an old news article that claimed that EVMs could be “hacked”. They shared the article on their Facebook page at around 9 PM on Sunday, but deleted it a couple of hours later.
What was dishonest was that while sharing it on Facebook, the article – titled “US scientists ‘hack' India electronic voting machines” and originally published in May 2010 – BBC News didn't clarify that they were sharing an old article. In absence of which, it appeared as if Mayawati's ridiculous claims were now validated by “US scientists”.
- Advertisement - - Article resumes -
The original article referred to an old controversy, which ironically was triggered after the BJP lost the 2009 general elections. Although senior BJP leaders didn't officially support this ‘EVM hacking' theory, there were concerns raised back then by various people after a techie named Hari K Prasad claimed that EVMs could be manipulated.
Hari Prasad had teamed up with a professor and couple of students of computer science at University of Michigan, who are referred to as “US scientists” in the BBC News headline. They had claimed that with some underhand hardware changes, the EVMs could be programmed to favour a particular candidate.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) had back then disputed the claims and issued a clarification (pdf link) reiterating that EVMs were safe. In fact, the Congress government had arrested Hari Prasad on charges of “stealing” an EVM – an act that was opposed by many including Telugu Desam Party President N Chandrababu Naidu.
ECI has since then maintained that enough precautions and security measures are taken to keep the EVMs safe from manipulation. Even going by the claims of Hari Prasad and their team, one needed to physically tamper the EVMs (to make minor hardware changes) to manipulate the results, which technically is not “hacking” as the term is typically used for software manipulation.
Even in their detailed response (pdf link) to the latest allegations by Mayawati, ECI has pointed out about the security measures and how every EVM has a seal signed by representatives of political parties. Therefore, any attempt to physically tamper the EVMs can be spotted by the representatives of such parties. The original complaint by the BSP (pdf link) doesn't mention any proof of such tampering being observed by its representatives.
One expects that a ‘reputed' media organisation like the BBC News would be aware of these facts and if at all it touches upon the story of EVM manipulation, they will highlight these aspects. However, like a cheap dishonest clickbait website, BBC News pushed out an old report, which can only help in pushing a propaganda currently being propagated by certain political parties.
This chicanery by BBC News was spotted by many of its readers, who bashed the news organisation on its Facebook page, after which BBC deleted the Facebook post. However, by then the article was shared over 2000 times, thus misleading thousands of people into potentially believing that Mayawati's allegations were backed by some US scientists. Some are now sharing the old article of their own.
BBC's intentions are suspect because while they deleted the old news from their Facebook page after users bashed them, an article on similar theme referring to the same 2010 incident was published on their Hindi website.
While ECI claims that the technology is foolproof and enough precautions are taken, to do away with concerns of manipulation, the Supreme Court of India had suggested having a paper trail along with the EVMs i.e. a voter will get a ‘receipt' showing whom they had voted for, and the same receipt can then be submitted in a ballot box. In case of dispute over EVM numbers, the paper ballots can be counted. Such EVMs were tried, rather unsuccessfully, at a few places in the recently concluded Punjab assembly elections.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi too has encouraged this proposed system of having a paper trail along with the EVMs. Last year they had asked start-ups to come up with technologies that can help the Election Commission implement it successfully.
Share This Post and Support:
An iOS app that delivered news of United States drone strikes was taken off Apple's App Store due to "excessively crude or objectionable content." Metadata+ offered aggregated news in text format, along with maps of where the strikes occurred.
On Sunday, users of the app received a push notification alerting them that the software was no longer available from Apple's App Store.
Josh Begley, creator of the app and operator of Dronestream, a drone-strike news Twitter account, told Gawker that they would continue their work.
Sep 21, 2015: On the outskirts of Marib, a U.S. drone strike killed 2 people in a car (Yemen) http://t.co/78RMQdYYJa — Dronestream (@dronestream) September 22, 2015
"I still plan to update the Twitter account as new drone strikes get reported—and Metadata+ should continue to work for everyone who has it downloaded on their phone. But new users won't be able to install it," they said.
READ MORE: FREAK encryption flaw leaves millions of Apple & Android users exposed
Begley, also an editor at The Intercept, the news outlet associated with journalists close to NSA leaker Edward Snowden, said Apple's decision “comes on the heels of Apple pulling 300 apps from the store due to malware. The infected apps were made possible by a modified version of Xcode (a tactic first developed by the CIA, which Jeremy Scahill and I reported on here).”
#YEMEN: Death tolls in alleged Saudi airstrike on Yemen wedding rises to 135. #UN Ban Ki-moon condemns bombing http://t.co/AGMvZwB8sJ — RT (@RT_com) September 29, 2015
As Gawker pointed out, Apple's App Store is littered with inane and crude apps that have little use or entertainment value. Yet Begley created their news app in 2012, and Apple rejected five times, saying it was “not useful or entertaining enough.”
After all the rejections, someone from the Apple Review Team told Begley that if the app specifically focused on US drone strikes, "it's not going to be approved." Begley told Mashable in 2014 that they erased all mention of drone strikes to be approved by Apple.
READ MORE:CIA worked to break into Apple devices for years – Snowden docs
"But if you broaden your topic, then we can take another look," Begley was told by Apple. "You know, there are certain concepts that we decide not to move forward with, and this is one."
Begley's app was approved seven months ago after they submitted it without information on drones. They then added the drone strike catalogue after that approval.
Begley also has a backup app to Metadata+, known as "Ephemeral," which offers the same news that Metadata+ did, but has flown under Apple's radar given its App Store entry features generic art and text, obscuring its true function.
More than 5,000 people have been killed by US drone strikes since 2004, according to the Bureau of Investigative Journalism, which is credited with gathering the most comprehensive data on drone strikes based on news reports and other sources. The US government does not make public any casualty figures related to the secretive, CIA-run program, nor of strikes operated through the US military.
READ MORE: Pentagon to expand drone flights by 50% in next 4 years
The expansion of the drone program since 2009 to surveil and police the world may be the most indelible mark on the Obama administration's tenure in Washington. The administration has used technological advances in unmanned lethal drones to revolutionize warfare overseas.
Capable of surveillance functions and firing missiles, Predator and Reaper drones have been used to attack targets – with much danger to civilians, according to numerous reports – in Afghanistan, Iraq, Pakistan, Somalia, and Yemen. The strikes go on without an international legal framework and with only America's take-our-word-for-it assurances that lethal drones are guided by some sort of ethical or moral compass.
READ MORE: ‘Gambling with lives': Private contractors pick US drone targets, says report
US officials avoid acknowledging the CIA drone strikes, preferring instead to assure the public that any strikes are used against top Islamist militants when capture is not available. The New York Times reported in May 2012 that those targeted for strikes – Obama's ‘kill list' – are cleared through the White House during weekly meetings dubbed ‘Terror Tuesdays.'
As for Apple, the dominant tech company was shown to be a prime partner of the National Security Agency's vast spying programs revealed by whistleblower Edward Snowden in June 2013. While Apple has pushed back in recent months against the US government's surveillance demands, the company has been highly complicit with government spying operations. It was allegedly aware of the NSA's vast data collection before they were revealed and, later, supported tepid reform of NSA spying that simply put data collection responsibility on the backs of telecommunications companies, not the government.
'Fresh Off The Boat' And Serving Up Asian Culture
Enlarge this image toggle caption Richard Drew/AP Richard Drew/AP
Enlarge this image toggle caption Atisha Paulson/Spiegel & Grau Atisha Paulson/Spiegel & Grau
Eddie Huang has done many things in a short period of time.
He's been a lawyer, stand-up comic, and now he's the owner of New York's Baohous restaurant and the host of their own food show on Vice TV.
The most remarkable parts of Huang's life, however, took place before all that, back when they were growing up with their Taiwanese immigrant parents and navigating the ins and outs of American culture.
It's all chronicled in their new memoir Fresh Off The Boat.
"I've always wanted to tell this story," Huang says. "When I was 18, on the way off to college with my friend Warren ... I was just like, 'Man I really got to write about what just happened, because I'm sure there are other people going through this and we have no one to talk to.'"
Huang talked to Rachel Martin, host of Weekend Edition Sunday, about their complicated relationship with their family, especially their father, food and hip-hop culture.
Interview Highlights
On their dad:
"My dad is a bad dude, not in a bad way, but they definitely are a very strong male presence in my life. And I thank them for that, because one of the biggest issues with the book and one of the things I wanted to talk about was Asian masculinity. It's not something that is portrayed or talked about in the media, many times we're emasculated. I never related to that, because my father was a man's man, and they instilled a lot of those old-school masculine values in me. ... My father is a very unique individual, and in their time a stereotype breaker just like me."
On hip-hop culture's influence on him:
"A lot of it is about struggle ... and when they [his parents] moved me to Florida, it was very traumatic for me because going from a community with cousins and aunts and uncles and a lot of other Chinese people around ... when I went to Orlando I really got snapped on a lot. One summer my cousin played The Chronic from Dr. Dre for me ... [and] I really related to it. I couldn't keep fighting ... so I learned to box people verbally, and that's what I really related to with hip-hop is the lyrical swordplay."
On making food a career:
"I was doing stand-up comedy and I really loved it, [and] I met a manager while I was performing at the Laugh Lounge and they told me, 'You always bring chicken wings and fried rice to the events ... why don't you run with the food thing and do some food stuff and be funny.' So I said OK. I applied to be on Ultimate Recipe Showdown, made it to the finals and was on the show. I lost ... but that's when I said you know what, I think food is the thing. Food is that thing that Americans expect Chinese people [and] Asian people to be good at.
" ... What I'm really interested in is talking about my experience in America, but if they like my pork buns [and] if they like the things that I'm making, then maybe they'll listen to me. It worked, and you know I have to thank my mother for all things they taught me about cooking, and I have to thank my father."
Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick (MSNBC)
Friday night Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick got into an exceedingly heated argument with MSNBC host Chris Hayes over trans-inclusive bathrooms — going so far to say it could be the defining issue that could keep Hillary Clinton from becoming president.
Often times shouting over each other, Patrick and Hayes went back and forth on the issue of transgender bathrooms, with Patrick repeatedly saying it would lead to assaults on little girls by trans women.
After Patrick ran through their talking points about their fears of women being assaulted, Hayes pressed the Texas lawmaker on whether laws to ban transgendered individuals from bathrooms where they feel most comfortable was a solution in search of a problem.
“What percentage of complaints, in the state of Texas or Ft. Worth, come from students and parents due to this specific issue that you have devoted so much time too? What percentage?” said Hayes as they hammered Patrick.
“Chris, I feel you're kind of hostile to the issue. I'm just trying to have a conversation here. You don't kind of have to take me on,” the lawmaker shot back.
After Hayes talked over Patrick, asking to hear about any complaints at all, the lawmaker turned it back, asking, “What complaints have we had from a transgendered student saying that have to go to the bathroom with a girl?” thereby avoiding Hayes' question.
Patrick went on to to say that the bathroom issue would become a major factor in the upcoming election.
“It's going to be the biggest issue in the upcoming election by the way,” They stated. “Hillary supports it, Trump doesn't. This will probably cost them the election.”
Watch the interview, as aired on Friday, below.
A couple who claim they lost custody of their two young sons because of their ‘limited cognitive abilities' are fighting back. (Source: Facebook/Amy Fabbrini)
An American couple who claim they lost custody of their two young sons because of their ‘limited cognitive abilities' are fighting back.
Amy Fabbrini, 31, and Eric Ziegler, 38, had their first child, Christopher, removed from their home about four years ago, shortly after they were born.
Fabbrini says Christopher was taken by the state after a friend accused Ziegler of “not picking up on (the baby's) cues.”
More recently, social services took away the couple's newborn son, Hunter.
According toThe Oregonian, psychological evaluations provided by the couple test Fabbrini's IQ at about 72, placing them in the “extremely low to borderline range of intelligence.” Ziegler scored about 66, placing them in the “mild range of intellectual disability.”
The average IQ for adults is between 90 and 110.
“They're thinking that because we have this disability, we can't safely parent out children,” Fabbrini told KTVZ in an interview.
ALSO SEE: Panic-stricken mom warns of heatstroke after their child wouldn't wake up
“They are saying they are intellectually incapable without any guidelines to go by,” said Sherrene Hagenbach, a former volunteer with the state agency who oversaw visits with the couple and Christopher from last June through August.
“They're saying that this foster care provider is better for the child because they can provide more financially, provide better education, things like that,” Hagenbach toldThe Oregonian. “If we're going to get on that train, Bill Gates should take my children. There's always somebody better than us, so it's a very dangerous position to be in.”
While privacy laws make it impossible to know exactly why the children have been taken away, the Oregonian reports that no signs of abuse or neglect by the parents have been found. Nonetheless, state services have moved to terminate the couple's parental rights and make the boys available for adoption.
“We've done everything and more than what they've asked us to,” Fabbrini said.
The couple reportedly took classes on parenting, first aid, CPR and nutrition in a bid to get their children back.
“It doesn't seem like it's good enough for them,” Ziegler added. “They're saying, ‘Who would parent Christopher better, the foster parents or the parents?' is basically what they're going on.”
ALSO SEE: Mom's thank you to ex's new girlfriend goes viral
Fabbrini's aunt, Lenora Turner, drives the couple to their visits with Hunter.
“I would describe [Fabbrini] as a strong person because she's going through all this and most of the family turned their back on her,” Turner said. “She is a strong young lady, determined, and I've always seen that in them When they had something in mind they were determined to make it happen.”
They say Fabbrini and Ziegler have loving visits with Hunter.
“I honestly don't understand why they can't have their children,” Turner said. “I go to the grocery store and I see other people with their children and they're standing up in the grocery cart … and I think, how come they get to keep their children? How do they decide whose child they're going to take and whose child can stay?”
Let us know what you think by commenting below and tweeting @YahooStyleCA!
Follow us on Twitter and Instagram.
User Info: EvilSakurai EvilSakurai 5 years ago #1
Pros: Six foot four. Flies through rings.
Cons: Geology
Wonder Woman.
Pros: INVISIBLE AIRPLANE
Cons: Manface
Flash.
Pros: GOTTA GO FAST SANIC
Cons: Wears silly looking tights.
The Goddamn Batman.
Pros: Is a good dancer.
Cons: Spinal Column.
Harley.
Pros: Looks good.
Cons: Bikers tell me that sitting on them hurts your ass.
Grundy.
Pros: Master at rhymes, and wrestling. Like a zombie John Cena.
Cons: No memories.
Green Arrow.
Pros: He's Robin Hood.
Cons: Arrows? Really? Some of these guys have guns.
Green Lantern.
Pros: Is good with the green stuff. $$$
Cons: Yellow... I mean, seriously does go to the bathroom make them lose their powers?
Nightwing.
Pros: Has sticks.
Cons: Isn't the goddamn batman. Also is a dick.
Cyborg.
Pros: BOOYAH
Cons: Rust
Catwoman.
Pros: Steals stuff
Cons: Likes batman, lolz.
Joker.
Pros: The lulz.
Cons: Taking too many medications after he's done filming...
Deathstroke.
Pros: He's Deathstroke.
Cons: He's a cyclops, and not the one that shoots lazers and yells JESUS CHRIST!
Aquaman.
Pros: Makes a mean sushi.
Cons: Where'd the mullet go?
Bane.
Pros: Has big knees. The better to break your back with, my dear.
Cons: You know how you always wanted to press the buttons on Darth Vader's chest? Try that with Bane, and they can't fight any more.
Shazam.
Pros: IT'S CAPTAIN MAHVEL BABY!
Cons: Pringles.
Black Adam.
Pros: Dat hair.
Cons: Keeps being outdone by a little kid. Ouch.
Doomsday.
Pros: Scary Name
Cons: Always in pain. Always.
Hawkgirl.
Pros: Wings
Cons: Isn't a real character... Just added to the roster to fill slots, but you can't select or use them
Lex.
Pros: Yippie Kai-Yai-Yey ************
Cons: He's a ghost.
Sinestro.
Pros: FEAR
Cons: Sunburn
Raven.
Pros: Dark powers?
Cons: Daddy issues.
Killer Frost.
Pros: Ice Ice Baby.
Cons: Ice skin looks uncomfortable.
Ares.
Pros: He's the god of war.
Cons: Funny looking lips. Also seems to have an addiction to skooma. PSN:omegamarth. I play fighting games.
Official Shaquille O'Neal of the SSB4 board. Yeah, he'll be in the game, don't worry. Supez.Pros: Six foot four. Flies through rings.Cons: GeologyWonder Woman.Pros: INVISIBLE AIRPLANECons: ManfaceFlash.Pros: GOTTA GO FAST SANICCons: Wears silly looking tights.The Goddamn Batman.Pros: Is a good dancer.Cons: Spinal Column.Harley.Pros: Looks good.Cons: Bikers tell me that sitting on them hurts your ass.Grundy.Pros: Master at rhymes, and wrestling. Like a zombie John Cena.Cons: No memories.Green Arrow.Pros: He's Robin Hood.Cons: Arrows? Really? Some of these guys have guns.Green Lantern.Pros: Is good with the green stuff. $$$Cons: Yellow... I mean, seriously does go to the bathroom make them lose their powers?Nightwing.Pros: Has sticks.Cons: Isn't the goddamn batman. Also is a dick.Cyborg.Pros: BOOYAHCons: RustCatwoman.Pros: Steals stuffCons: Likes batman, lolz.Joker.Pros: The lulz.Cons: Taking too many medications after he's done filming...Deathstroke.Pros: He's Deathstroke.Cons: He's a cyclops, and not the one that shoots lazers and yells JESUS CHRIST!Aquaman.Pros: Makes a mean sushi.Cons: Where'd the mullet go?Bane.Pros: Has big knees. The better to break your back with, my dear.Cons: You know how you always wanted to press the buttons on Darth Vader's chest? Try that with Bane, and they can't fight any more.Shazam.Pros: IT'S CAPTAIN MAHVEL BABY!Cons: Pringles.Black Adam.Pros: Dat hair.Cons: Keeps being outdone by a little kid. Ouch.Doomsday.Pros: Scary NameCons: Always in pain. Always.Hawkgirl.Pros: WingsCons: Isn't a real character... Just added to the roster to fill slots, but you can't select or use her.Lex.Pros: Yippie Kai-Yai-Yey ************Cons: He's a ghost.Sinestro.Pros: FEARCons: SunburnRaven.Pros: Dark powers?Cons: Daddy issues.Killer Frost.Pros: Ice Ice Baby.Cons: Ice skin looks uncomfortable.Ares.Pros: He's the god of war.Cons: Funny looking lips. Also seems to have an addiction to skooma.
JTA — Shia LaBeouf is no stranger to weird stunts and controversy. In 2014, they were arrested for causing a drunken racket at a Broadway performance of “Cabaret.” Last fall, they organized a screening of all of their movies in one continuous marathon at a New York theater — which they personally attended and live streamed. Searching their name on YouTube yields an array of bizarre viral videos.
And now, the formerly Jewish actor — who was bar mitzvahed but reportedly converted to Christianity on the set of “Fury” in 2014 — is in the news again, this time for ripping one of the most respected directors of all time: Steven Spielberg, whom LaBeouf worked with on films such as “Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.”
“You get there, and you realize you're not meeting the Spielberg you dream of,” LaBeouf said in a Variety cover story published Tuesday. “You're meeting a different Spielberg, who is in a different stage in their career. He's less a director than they are a f—ing company.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The 30-year-old LaBeouf — who is currently earning high marks for their performance in the indie film “American Honey,” which premiered at Cannes in May — blasted the “Schindler's List” director's working environment.
“Spielberg's sets are very different,” LaBeouf went on to say. “Everything has been so meticulously planned. You got to get this line out in 37 seconds. You do that for five years, you start to feel like not knowing what you're doing for a living.”
They added that the only film that they enjoyed working with Spielberg on was the first “Transformers” movie (for which Spielberg was an executive producer). LaBeouf starred in the first three “Transformers” films, but declined the lead role in the fourth. (LaBeouf's co-star in the first two films, Megan Fox, was fired after comparing director Michael Bay to Hitler.) A fifth “Transformers” movie is slated for 2017.
In addition, LaBeouf mentioned that Spielberg advised the young actor not to read reviews of their work. Suffice it to say, the star didn't take those words to heart.
“There's no way to not do that,” LaBeouf said. “For me to not read that means I need to not take part in society. The generation previous to mine didn't have the immediate response. If you were Mark Hamill, you could lie to yourself. You could find the pockets of joy, and turn a blind eye to the s— over there.”
Hopefully, Spielberg takes their own advice and isn't reading the news too closely this week.
Not to be outdone by eBay, Amazon today opens the doors to a new 3D Printing Store that allows the customization of "more than 200 unique print on-demand products." Personalized dog tags, credit card holders, iPhone cases, and even custom bobbleheads are among the first selection of items that Amazon has on offer. The massive online retailer won't be involved in the manufacturing process and is simply connecting its shoppers with established 3D-printing businesses like Sculpteo, Mixee Labs, and 3DLT, who will be responsible for fulfilling orders placed through the new store.
"The online customer shopping experience will be redefined through 3D printing," says Sculpteo CEO Clément Moreau, as "a customer's wants are no longer limited to what is in stock but instead by what they can imagine." Moreau thinks Amazon's participation will expand the market for 3D-printed goods dramatically and reduce promotional costs for producers. Amazon's Marketplace director Petra Schindler-Carter agrees and says that the goal is to have "a potentially infinite number of products" available for personalization.
After a video surfaced showing Syrian rebels executing four pro-government militiamen in Aleppo, more than two dozen rebel leaders—at the urging of human-rights groups—signed a pledge on August 8 to stop executing and torturing captives in their battle to overthrow Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Yet as The Daily Beast discovered during a disturbing and at times surreal visit to a detention center in Al Bab in northeastern Syria on August 10, members of the Free Syrian Army (FSA), the main rebel-fighter force, still appeared to be involved in torture and abuse.
Their instruments of pain were on clear display: in the small dusty yard in front of the facility, not far from where guards lounged and smoked cigarettes, wooden sticks and iron bars were scattered in the shade, still coated with blood.
Downstairs in the basement, where eight prisoners were being held in a large room, there was a bed frame in a corridor with ties still attached presumably used to pin the arms and legs of captives. There was a large water vat and plastic pipes by the bed frame, which appeared to be used for some sort of water torture.
As they ordered the guards to unlock the door leading to the prisoners, the detention center's warden, a short but powerfully built native of the city of Homs in west Syria, Yousef al-Shawash, insisted at first that the captives were in excellent physical condition and enjoying the comforts of home. “They eat the same as us. We look after them very well,” said al-Shawash, who lost family members in Homs earlier this year. “We never beat them. Ask them who fetches them food and gets medicine for them and gets anything they want? They will all tell you how much I do for them,” they barked as they faced their charges.
The sorry appearance of the eight captives belied the warden's words. All were sitting barefoot on mattresses around the walls of their fetid, dimly lit room. They appeared terrified of the guards, flinching when they approached. All eight sported clear signs of bruising and some clearly had sustained serious injuries.
Four were suspected al-Assad supporters, two were Syrian army soldiers and another two were members of the Shabiha, a widely-feared government militia. Five of the captives shook their heads despondently when asked if they wanted to be interviewed by a foreign journalist.
The pledge signed by the rebel army last week states that prisoners' rights will be preserved and that "any form of torture, rape, mutilation, or degradation” will be shunned.
The FSA also emphasized their commitment to “human rights, for which we struggle today and which we intend to implement in the future Syria.” That is the moral foundation of their struggle against al-Assad, they say.
That commitment was not on display in the facility in Al Bab, a town where this week, grisly video footage posted on YouTube showed rebels hurling bodies off the rooftops of the main post office. Al Bab rebels insist the footage is from a month ago, and that the bodies are of government snipers who were killed in the heat of battle.
The Al Bab detention center was far from the heat of battle and the extent of the injuries inflicted on three of the prisoners became more evident during brief, supervised interview sessions in a well-lit room.
One soldier, a 19-year-old who had been arrested a month earlier in Jarabulus, a town in northeast Syria, was in the best condition of the three, but had serious bruising and was highly anxious. They had originally claimed to be a deserter, but was nabbed by the FSA after being spotted talking with military intelligence. They declined to give their name and insisted their jailer was treating them like their mother would.
The Shabiha militiamen were in a much sorrier state. One 30-year-old Shabiha member from Aleppo, who declined to give their name, said he'd also been captured in Jarabulus. They took up with the militia just two months ago and was caught ferrying ammunition to snipers, they said. They refused to answer what else they had done with the militia. They had great difficulty walking; their feet were badly swollen and they had black eyes. Struggling to sit up, their breathing was heavily labored and each inhalation caused them obvious pain. They complained of broken ribs but said no doctor had visited the detention center.
When asked if their injuries had been caused in battle, they looked at al-Shawash apprehensively trying to gauge how they should answer, eventually responding meekly: “He beat me.” The stocky jailer intervened, agreeing: “We hit them a bit during interrogations. But we get them medicines.”
The second Shabiha militiaman, 28-year-old named Ahmed al-Daran, was in equally bad shape. Hardly able to hobble into the room on their bruised and engorged feet, they sported black eyes. They were covered with deep bruises and their hands were grotesquely swollen. A diminutive but tough man—his arms were covered in tattoos—he shook their head and laughed quietly when asked how he'd sustained their injuries.
It wasn't difficult to tell: in the background during the interview a chorus of screams and groans erupted from an adjacent room accompanied by a cacophony of whacks and thuds. The jailer and guards remained unperturbed, although the beatings next door ceased when an opposition activist arrived and signaled for the guards to stop.
A Sunni Muslim—most Shabiha tend to be drawn from President al-Assad's Alawite minority—Ahmed said had been a smuggler from Aleppo and had joined the militia when offered money to bust-up anti-al-Assad demonstrations and to beat up opposition activists. They were paid $15 for each demonstration they helped disrupt.
Ahmed's jailer at first said they and their fellow guards never hit any of the prisoners to get information or to extract a confession; they said the beatings only occurred after they confessed or when the rebels had clear evidence of guilt. Later they changed their story, arguing the only way to secure information was to beat them, concluding that when found guilty “they needed to be punished” anyway.
Human-rights groups have accused both al-Assad's forces and the rebels of committing violations including torture and killing of captives, although most say the violations are more extensive when it comes to the government side.
The footage that emerged showing rebels executing four suspected Shabiha militiamen in Aleppo in early August turned the spotlight on the conduct of the Free Syrian Army, whose commanders argue that only those who had been involved in the most egregious killings are executed while the others are held for later trial before newly formed religious courts headed by local mosque leaders in rebel-controlled towns.
“They argue they are abiding by Islamic law,” says Ole Solvang of Human Rights Watch. “On torture they are receptive and had promised to discontinue the practice. But there seems little will to stop it and on the executions they are even more difficult. They ask 'Why should they observe human-rights law when al-Assad doesn't?'”
Twenty years ago, the academic journal Social Text published an article with the trendy title “Transgressing the Boundaries: Towards a Transformative Herme­neutics of Quantum Gravity." The article claimed that quantum gravity is nothing but a social and linguistic construct that physicists are trying to pass off as a genuine account of the universe around us. Theoretical physics, the article concluded, is just a bunch of meaningless words and symbols.
The actual meaningless words and symbols were those in the article itself, which consisted of high-flown gibberish. It was a postmodern spoof of postmodernism.
The article, author Alan Sokal would later write, was "a pastiche of left-wing cant, fawning references, grandiose quotations, and outright nonsense," all "structured around the silliest quotations" by postmodernist academics. They hoped by their hoax to make an important point: that humanities professors under the influence of postmodern doctrines had discarded basic standards of logic and proof and were prone to believe—even publish—utter silliness.
Today most academics working in the humanities appear to have dismissed the Sokal hoax as a minor mishap in the unfolding of an important intellectual trend. Yes, there was some discomfiture, but neither the journal nor its editors suffered any long term damage as a result of the hoax. Social Text is still published by Duke University Press. The intellectual currents of postmodernism persist.
No lessons seem to have been learned from the hoax: The trends that Sokal spoofed remain trendy in academic liberal arts. "You might have thought that humanities scholars, and particularly those working in subfields of cultural studies, would have been mortified with embarrassment, like a pretentious man who got caught mistaking their son's finger-paintings for Jackson Pollock originals," says intellectual historian Wilfred McClay. "But they weren't much embarrassed, and those fields have not suffered noticeably."
Postmodern academics have vigorously guarded their reputations—and their turf. Postmodernism was designed to challenge and undermine traditional institutions just as much as it was designed to undermine traditional literary analysis. But Sokal turned the tables on them, undermining the enterprise of postmodernism itself. James Ceaser, professor of political science at the University of Virginia, says the newfangled linguistic theorists were very much not amused: "They reacted like bourgeois academics, condemning [it as an] attack on the standards of academic integrity."
Though the Sokal hoax may not have changed academia, it certainly helped to alter the public's view of it. As McClay notes, "the Sokal controversy (and the nonresponse to it) have contributed in their own small way to the erosion of claims to expert knowledge made by academic professionals in this country and around the world. The general public is increasingly disinclined to trust experts, and to see expert knowledge itself as politicized and tendentious." This is true: By now the public is skeptical of expert claims in a variety of fields, whether they come from scientists making large claims about climate change, pollsters predicting election outcomes, or psychiatrists positing that gender is a social construct that can be altered by surgery.
It appears that Sokal themselves was only trying to make a narrow point against the postmodernists, which was to limit their theories to their own academic bailiwicks and to keep them out of the hard sciences. It is, in other words, perfectly all right to undercut the liberal arts, social sciences, and the law by positing they are merely "social constructs," but another thing altogether to make the same claims against consequential fields such as physics or medicine. Indeed, Sokal now seems to believe that this lack of trust in the experts is due more to the anti-intellectualism of the public than to distrust of flaky academic theorizing. Presumably that's what they meant when they told the Chronicle of Higher Education that "George W. Bush and their friends . . . showed where science bashing can lead in the real world."
Sokal's original hoax may have ridiculed "left-wing cant" but it did little to blunt the ascendancy of the left on campus. Fewer professors today would dare to take on the postmodernists in the manner Sokal did two decades ago. This should serve as a warning to those who think that professors in the hard sciences might act as a check on the absurdities committed by their colleagues in the humanities. Academe is now much more of an ideological monolith than it was two decades ago.
The general public has made no such movement to the left. Which means that over the decades, the gulf between academe and the taxpayers called upon to support it has widened. The tension between town and gown is growing, McClay points out, in part because highly ideological fields such as gender and race studies have broken out of the academic hothouse and into the mainstream of American life and politics.
As there is no longer any serious check on extremism from within the academic world, that check is going to have to come from the public at large as expressed through politics and elections. In this sense academia is no different from any other sector of American life: If it cannot regulate itself, it may eventually find itself regulated by others, and in ways not to its liking.
James Piereson is a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute. Naomi Schaefer Riley is a senior fellow at the Independent Women's Forum.
Limited Mini Squishable Triceratops
no. 1-500 All gone! no. 501-1000 All gone!
$19.50 Aw! This Squishable design is retired! But there are lots of other great Squishies out there that would love to give you a cuddle! Yes indeed!
mini_squish_triceratops_7
new
Squishers who bought the Limited Mini Squishable Triceratops also got:
You know what rhinos, narwhals, and goats all lack? They just don't have enough horns! Sure they're able to survive in this day and age, but with their very apparent horn deficiency there's no way they would have made it in the Cretaceous period! That's because more horns mean more places to store all your hole-y baked goods! Like donuts! And bagels! And bundt cakes! And Swiss cheese, if you're in a savory mood!The Triceratops is nothing but horns! "Tri": Latin for "three", and "Ceratops": Indo-European for long pointy donut holder! More horns mean more food! That's why the Triceratops is alive and well today!
While polls across Ontario are open today from 9:30 a.m. to 9:30 p.m., a voter in a riding north of Toronto was surprised to learn that a mobile poll will close at 1:30 p.m.
Peggy Blair posted a tweet with a photo of their friend's voter information card for the riding of Vaughan-Woodbridge showing that the poll where their friend is slated to vote — No. 501 — is only open until 1:30 p.m.
Polls are open until 9:30 PM in Ontario and yet this voter regn card says they close at 1:30 in Vaughn. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/PollWatch?src=hash">#PollWatch</a> <a href="http://t.co/xicPMu2ew7">pic.twitter.com/xicPMu2ew7</a> —@peggy_blair
Although it's not specified on the voter information card, according to Elections Canada it's "a mobile poll."
On the Elections Canada website, mobile polling stations are available in some seniors' residences and hospital wards. If required, ballot boxes are carried from room to facilitate voting.
"That means the voting station is coming to them," Nathalie Demontigny of Elections Canada told CBC News on Monday. Demontigny said they "learned something new today," but that all 500-series polling stations are the ones on the move.
They also didn't know the circumstances of the polling station that Blair posted about Amica at Villa DaVinci, located at 7371 Martin Grove Rd., Vaughan.
Though Blair said the friend who shared a photo of the card with them was planning to vote after work today. For some, that might be easier than asking for the mandated time off of work and taking time out of the day to go.
As for the mobile stations, it's not new for Elections Canada to do this. Demontigny said, "it's one way to make the vote more accessible."
The Vaughan-Woodbridge riding is one where boundaries were redrawn for this election. Conservative incumbent Julian Fantino is running against Liberal Francesco Sorbara, NDP Adriana Zichy and Green Elise Boulanger.
You missed it! But Today's Woot is waiting!
Leave some for the rest of us!
Hey, you can only buy 3 of these.
For the seasoned amongst us.
Excellent knife or national vegetable of Wales? YES, YOU CAN HAVE IT ALL.
"Put the knife down. It's just a game. It's not worth getting this upset over Trivial Pursuit."
No way! Not until you admit you only got that question right because you've already read all the cards!
"I'm not going to do that. I knew that answers fair and square."
YOU DID NOT! Nobody just knows the national vegetable of Wales!
"I did. I do. And you should, too. It's got the same name as your knife. Only your Leek has a Speed Safe ambidextrous assisted-opening system and a Black-oxide BlackWash™ finish on the blade and handle."
How do you know all this? How do you know more about my knife than I do? HOW DO YOU KNOW EVERYTHING?
"Sigh... next game night, we're playing Chutes & Ladders."
Back to top
Posted January 7, 2015 at 9:54 am
- Awakening
I already used the "oh snap" graphic, hence why you're not seeing it here. I totally want to, though. There's this yearning deep within to unless an "oh SNAP" upon the world that I cannot do in conscience.
In any case, if Pandora is responsible for Justin's awakening, then that would make it a "proper" awakening. Energy buildups wouldn't be an issue, and the only signs of it would apparently be the loss of a mark they didn't even know they had, and the potential to possibly cast new unknown spells by accident, which presumably hasn't happened yet.
Granted, there could be other side effects, but you can bet if there are, I'm not gonna say what they DAMMIT I JUST NOTICED I FORGOT Their EARRING IN PANEL FIVE. I'm going to fix it right now AND YOU WILL NEVER KNOW IT WAS MISSING.
Patreon Funded
EGS:NP
BEIRUT — A car bombing north of a Syrian town just captured from the Islamic State group by Turkish forces and Syrian opposition fighters killed at least 35 people Friday, mostly civilians who had gathered trying to go back home, Turkey's news agency and Syrian activists said.
According to Mohammed al-Tawil, a leading Syrian opposition fighter in the area, a suicide attacker blew up their small pickup truck outside a security office in Sousian village, about 8 kilometers (5 miles) north of al-Bab.
The explosion went off as the opposition fighters were organizing the return of civilians from al-Bab who had been displaced by the fighting for their town, they said.
Al-Bab, which had been controlled by IS since late 2013, was captured on Thursday, after more than two months of fighting led by Turkish troops supporting Syrian opposition fighters.
IS militants who withdrew from the town still control areas around it.
“A small civilian pickup truck reached the gathering and went off at the security checkpoint,” al-Tawil said over the telephone from Sousian.
Al-Tawil, a member of the opposition al-Bab military council, said about four fighters manning the checkpoint were killed in the attack. Al-Tawil, who was at the security office at the time of the explosion, said the rest of the casualties were civilians from al-Bab.
The Syrian opposition-run Qasioun news agency put the death toll at 45 while the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said 42 were killed.
Anadolu news agency said at least 41 of those wounded in the attack were taken to the Turkish border town of Kilis, where they are being treated in a state hospital. Some of the wounded were in serious condition, the agency said.
The Sousian security office was in charge of issuing permits and providing an escort for civilians wishing to return to al-Bab. Al-Tawil said at least two groups of about 150 civilians had already left early Friday for al-Bab, accompanied by a minesweeping unit operated by the Syrian opposition fighters.
“These people have suffered a lot … it was very difficult, and they have been waiting for this moment” to return home, al-Tawil said.
The Observatory said at least seven opposition fighters were killed in the town from land mines left behind by IS — a trademark of retreating militants.
Al-Bab had a prewar population of about 60,000, many of whom were displaced in neighboring areas, including during the most recent clashes.
Footage emerging from al-Bab showed a deserted town, badly damaged by the war. At least one of the streets appears completely destroyed, with buildings crumbling or leveled on both sides. Trenches and earth berms have made other streets impassable, and nearly every building shows some signs of artillery shelling or heavy machine-gun fire.
The pic once again proved that animation is a safe bet in Russia.
Sony's The Angry Birds Movie came in at No. 1 at the Russian box office over the weekend.
Like just about any Hollywood family animation movie released in Russia, the best-selling video game's adaptation, directed by Fergal Reilly and Clay Kaytis, did well in theaters, grossing $5.5 million.
Captain America: Civil War slid to second place. The Disney and Marvel superhero pic took in $2.6 million in its second outing for a cume of $14.4 million.
The local plane-crash blockbuster Ekipazh (Crew) fell to No. 3. The remake of Alexander Mitta's 1979 movie of the same title grossed $1.1 million in its fourth frame for a cume of $21.5 million.
The French comedy Un homme a la hauteur debuted at No. 4. The pic, directed by Laurent Tirard took in $268,000.
A Hologram for the King, Tom Tykwer's adaptation of a novel by Dave Eggers, starring Tom Hanks, opened in fifth place with $188,000.
These days, people rely on the internet for everything, from their dose of the freshest news down to tidbits of entertainment throughout the day.
The internet is where people are spending more and more of their time, and brands are following suit. Platforms like YouTube are starting to become primary marketing channels, especially for brands with limited resources.
YouTube boasts of having over a billion users worldwide which translates to two billion eyeballs ready and waiting to see what you've got. There are plenty of people on the platform, and the barrier to entry is very low — all it takes is a smartphone to start a channel.
With such massive viewership served up on a silver platter, why is that brands are still failing to maximize their YouTube channel?
Becoming a booming digital brand in this competitive day and age doesn't come easy for most people — or companies — but with the right tips, rising to the top can definitely become more attainable.
Find Your Tribe
These days, coming up with unique and interesting content can be a challenge given how saturated platforms like YouTube are. To stand out, you need to create videos that resonate with your unique audience — you need to know who your tribe is.
Before drafting content ideas for your channel, sit down and understand your demographic. Understand the who, what, when and where of your ideal viewership.
WHO: Who are you talking to on the other side of the screen?
WHAT: What type of content do they watch and consume online?
WHEN: When are they most active on YouTube?
WHERE: Where do they spend most of their free time both online and offline?
The answers to these questions will determine the course of your YouTube content strategy.
Nintendo, an acclaimed video game company, is a brand that knows its audience well. Currently, Nintendo has over three million YouTube subscribers.
On their channel, Nintendo has several playlists containing videos for specific video games. These ultra-specific videos keep their audience engaged and entertained based on which games they love playing. Nintendo obviously has a large and loyal customer base to work with, but you can use the same principles in your videos.
Chat With Your Most Loyal Viewers
If you want to gain more viewers on YouTube, you should invest your energy in nurturing the strong relationships you've already made with current viewers.
Your most loyal viewers can be your biggest brand evangelists – if you play your cards right. Do you see anyone commenting on almost all of your videos, or do you notice likes and shares from specific people? Those are the kind of people you should get to know better.
Reply to their comments, mention them in videos (perhaps anonymously), and take their requests and concerns seriously.
If you manage to build and strengthen your relationship with your most loyal fans, they can be a crucial part of your marketing mechanism. They will share your videos, talk to other viewers, and be your best brand advocates on the internet — so be sure to pay attention to them and do everything you can to get to know them.
It's All About The Volume
Brands who do well on YouTube are those who post videos frequently and consistently. If you're serious about growing your viewership on YouTube, you should try to start uploading more videos on a consistent basis.
Now, this doesn't mean you should just upload a bunch of crap content for the sake of uploading more videos. You have to find the perfect intersection between producing valuable content and a regular uploading schedule. Many channels that are moderately or very successful post every day, or almost every day.
The more videos you post, the more visible you become on YouTube. YouTube viewers are creatures of habit, that means they're most likely to keep tabs on channels that give them fresh content on the reg.
If you're not updating as much as other channels that they subscribe to, they could unsubscribe to make room for more active creators.
Colourpop is a popular makeup brand that rose to fame through the social media vine — so they know how to leverage the internet to their marketing advantage. If you check out their channel, you can see that they regularly post videos at a rate of at least once a week. By creating at least one video every week, they're able to showcase their products in creative ways – which adds value to their products while keeping them on everyone's radar. Image credit: Colourpop on YouTube
You can also increase your visibility by buying a few thousand YouTube Views from a reputable provider. A good repository of videos and a seemingly large fan base can make you appear more credible in the eyes of your target audience, and bought Views are a great way to attract more people to your videos.
Be Driven By Data
YouTube has some of the most in-depth analytics sources among all the other social media channels out there, second only to Google.
It would be a shame if you don't use YouTube's big data to your advantage when growing your channel. Data can help you understand your viewers, re-focus your strategy, and give you better insight into viewer behavior.
Image credit: Digital Marketer
YouTube Analytics can tell you a lot about your viewers — from where they're from to how old they are and everything in between. You can take what you learn from YouTube Analytics to create more compelling content, a stronger CTA, and a better brand persona overall. Find what works, and focus on creating more of that.
Create Content That Is Always Relevant
When you're competing against billions of creators on a busy platform like YouTube, it's tempting to jump on the most talked about topics to get people's attention.
While talking about the hottest topics on your channel may give you an impressive initial traction, it isn't necessarily sustainable in the long run. When the hype dies down, so does your video – and that's just a complete waste of energy and resources, isn't it?
You can pick up a few trending topics here and there but you should also direct your energy toward creating evergreen videos. Informative videos that answer people's most pressing questions are the type of videos that will get you far on YouTube.
When you produce evergreen videos, you turn yourself into a thought leader in your chosen niche. Viewers, both old and new, will go to your channel to seek answers they can't get anywhere else.
Take Google's official YouTube channel, which has over five million subscribers. A majority of their videos are designed to answer people's questions about their products and services, or to stir up excitement for upcoming new releases. Some of their most popular videos don't even have any information, they're just hype, but it's exactly what their viewers want:
By publishing both engaging videos alongside more informative videos, they're able to achieve consistent traffic on their channel for years. You can use the same strategies to captivate your audience.
Brand It, Brand Is Real Good
YouTube is a cutthroat platform where only the persistent can make it.
If you want your brand to stand out in this digital age, you have to put a lot of thought into your strategy. Stand out from the competition by producing videos that serve your audience — their questions, their thirst for entertainment, and everything in between.
The success of your brand will depend on how viewers will perceive you to be. If you want to improve everyone's perception of you, consider purchasing a few thousand YouTube Views from a reputable provider. These social signals will help you appear more credible and buzz-worthy in the eyes of the people you want to attract to your channel.
After buying an impressive number of YouTube Views, focus the rest of your energy and resources in finding out as much as you can about the new viewers you'll attract.
By getting to know the people on the other side of the screen, you're giving yourself an opportunity to find out what it is they look for — and need — from a brand on YouTube.
Image credit: Critical Financial
"It's moderating, but it's moderating at a very slow rate," they said. "The housing market is nowhere near receding to anywhere near the norm."
In the United States, where Boral generates about 25 per cent of its earnings from Texas, there will be a short-term blip from the severe flooding around Houston following Hurricane Harvey.
Short-term impact
"We have a few plants that are shuttered in the impacted area," Mr Kane said. They said it was too early to say what the short-term impact would be on profits.
But they were confident the Texan economy would recover fast after the floodwaters subsided. "It will drain quickly as soon as the rain stops".
Texas has been a profit powerhouse state for Boral for the past 20 years, and Mr Kane said demand would shoot up as the rebuilding occurred.
The other big global hotspot, North Korea, is also something of a dilemma for Boral, which derives 23 per cent of revenues in its USG Boral sheet rock business from the South Korean market.
But Mr Kane said there had been 30 years of tensions and uncertainties, and those further from the epicentre tended to be more spooked than the locals in South Korea.
Advertisement
"They tend to take it in stride," they said.
Boral expects 15 per cent growth in 2017-18 in the value of work the company is doing on roads, highways and bridges in Australia as governments spend on big-ticket projects.
Boral's local arm is a part way through projects such as NorthConnex and Sydney Metro in NSW, and the Northern Connector freeway in South Australia.
It is also tendering for bigger projects such as the Melbourne Metro and Western Distributor in Victoria, and also has its eye on the second Sydney airport at Badgerys Creek.
Mr Kane said new housing starts were expected to fall about 12 per cent to 190,000 in 2017-18 and the renovations market was forecast to remain steady after a 3 per cent rise in 2016-17. Housing starts hit a peak of 234,000 in 2015-16. The long-term "norm" is 150,000.
Dividend up
On Wednesday, Boral raised its final dividend marginally to 12¢ per share from 11.5¢ per share a year ago, after announcing a 16 per cent increase in net profit after tax to $296.9 million.
Total revenue was up 1.8 per cent to $4.39 billion. Profit before tax and one-offs was up 22.3 per cent to $409.2 million. The 50 per cent franked final dividend will be paid on October 3.
Advertisement
Citi analyst Simon Thackray said the EBITDA margins in Australia of 16 per cent "set a new high watermark". Boral shares were 2.9 per cent lower at $6.63 at the close on Wednesday. They were fetching $6.32 a year ago.
Mr Kane is now spending about half their time in the United States as Boral integrates the $US2.6 billion Headwaters fly ash and building products operations.
Boral made a big bet on the future strength of the American economy when it announced the Headwaters acquisition in November 2016.
Boral North America, the newly-established division, which combined the Headwaters business with Boral's existing US operations, increased its earnings before interest and tax by 50 per cent to $66 million.
It included a US$21 million ($28 million) contribution from eight weeks of full ownership of the Headwaters business, which Mr Kane said was in line with the guidance provided when the purchase was announced.
Mr Kane, who has strongly criticised policymakers in the past, said they had lowered their expectations of what could be achieved in Washington and Canberra by politicians, and that way they wouldn't be disappointed.
"At the end of the day I tend to ignore the noise," they said. Instead, their focus was more on the real-world economy.
Zombie has become a staple for the Call Of Duty franchise, but when it's Treyarch's turn to take the lead again, you know the undead originator is going to come out all guns blazing. And that's exactly what it's done with the first map for Call of Duty: Black Ops 3's incarnation - Shadow Of Evil - a gargantuan nightmare with '40s-era noir coating.
“It's the biggest Zombies map we've ever done," enthuses producer Jason Blundell in the latest issue of Official Xbox Magazine. "It's large in terms of complexity, but also in verticality – there are so many ways to move around the city. Canals, scaffolding... there's even a tram transit system”. Shadow Of Evil with come suitably bubbling with decadence, so expect to eviscerate the undead through burlesque strip clubs, a magician's workshop and, of course, some dimly lit docks for added ambiance.
The nifty ability to craft weapons by combining detritus you find around the map returns - eat rocket shield, z-heads! And consideringall the goodies Treyarch is planning with its season pass(along with some cute littlegifts for series veterans), there's a good chance Blacks Ops 3 will take over your life.
The latest issue of Official Xbox Magazine, with Halo 5: Guardians on the cover, is out now. Download it here or subscribe to future issues.
Charlie Skelton is scared, jumpy and hacked off at the police state built around Bilderberg. So hacked off, in fact, they have asked the police to stop following him. Bad move.
Our man at Bilderberg: 'You are not allowed to take pictures of police officers!'
I need to go back a day and tell you exactly how I came to be in an Athens metro station at 8am, grappling with two strange men, struggling and yelling: "Help me somebody! Security! Please! Someone get security! Get the police!" My voice still hurts. My brain is ready to explode.
But that is today. Yesterday divides in half: the half where I flee the Bilderberg resort, too scared and strung out to remain, and the half when I have to bundle myself in a random cab and drive to the British Embassy for my own safety.
I am being hounded. And all because I dared report on Bilderberg. Because I dared point my finger at them, there, in the darkness of a seaside peninsula. Ecce Bilderberg!
I am not lying. I am not exaggerating. I am not imagining. I am not hysterical. If anything, I became incredibly calm when I finally stopped being the ­criminal, stopped being the hare, and grabbed one of the men whoare been following me. I was turning the madness back in on itself, grabbing their wrists and plunging all of us further down the rabbit hole.
So yes, to be clear, I've just been tussling with two men in the bleak marble atrium of an Athens Metro station. But that was this morning. I haven't even had breakfast yet. I need to tell you about yesterday.
I wrote the words below a thousand years or so before all that's happened to me in central Athens. See me now, back in Vouliagmeni, sitting in a cafe by the sea, being watched (of course) while I sip my orange juice. It is another beautiful day on the Greek Riviera …
* * *
That's it, I'm done, I'm gone.
Believe me when I say, I feel physically intimidated; I feel afraid. I've had my own little seaside dip into a police state and the water's coming over my head.
If you've ever been bullied you'll know exactly what I'm feeling: the tightness in the chest, looking both ways down corridors, hating the fear, hating your mind for asking "am I safe here? Am I safe?" I've been bullied out of Vougliameni, bullied away by Bilderberg for daring to be near.
I am leaving the toxic orbit of Bilderberg so I can breathe freely. So I can walk down a sidestreet without being followed by plainclothes police officers. I'm tired of men in the lobby, men on the stairs, the same men in different doorways, on different corners wherever I go. Cars pulling away from the kerb when I approach. The same cars, the same feelings. I'm tired of complaining at the station. I've complained three times now, and the final time turned nasty. They denied outright I was being followed. "This is an idea in your mind!" I showed them a photo I took today, when I took my tail on a looping stroll through the hills, waited round a corner, and snapped them unawares. They're not very good at this, but that just makes it worse. If they were a bit more subtle I could pretend they weren't there.
I have been made to feel weak, but buried in my weakness is a fury. How dare they make me feel like this. How dare they! They have turned this corner of the Greek Riviera into east Berlin (a helicopter circles above me as I type these words, I swear) and I haven't the backbone to brazen it out. Checkpoint Charlie here I come.
Of all the things I am furious about, the one that rankles the most is the fact that I've become jumpy. It's crazy that I'm keeping my room door open as I pack, and the balcony door. Two exits. It's crazy that I've started checking the bathroom and the wardrobe when I enter. That I'm taking photographs of my laptop when I leave the room, and finding it moved. I want to be in the open, in the sunlight, in front of people. I crave the fresh air of Athens city centre, and that's saying something.
Nor am I imagining things - this is not an "idea in my mind". And how extraordinary that I have to write that. It is shocking and upsetting that I have to justify my sanity, defend my perceptions and stand in a police station being told I am imagining things. I showed them the photo of the man I caught round the corner. An officer asks, absurdly: "How from this photograph do you say they are following you? I just see a man." I take a deep breath. "Well, yes, they aren't holding a sign which says 'I am following Charlie Skelton' so I suppose you have to take my word for it."
In comes the chief. Bossios Hoggios. "What the problem?" I tell them that I am being followed by the police, and that I would like it to stop, or be told the reason. "Why you here?" they bark. I tell them I am here for the Bilderberg conference at the Astir Palace. "Well, that is the reason! That is why! We are finished!" And they wash their hands of me, dismissing me with a gesture, striding back to their office. "Idiot," I mutter, unheard.
Back to the photograph.
"How you know they are a police officer?"
"I know that they are, I've seen them talking to your colleagues at the checkpoint."
"You are not allowed to take photos of police officers."
"So I am being followed by police officers?"
They gesture out of the window.
"Where is they now, this man you say following you? Show me him."
I'm standing in a police station. I don't know what to say. They tell me to ring the police if I see them again. To ring the police if I see the police following me.
I shouldn't have called the officer an idiot. I shouldn't have raised my voice and derided the craziness of the situation. I'm not in a friendly room any more, so I decide to leave. I clap my hands together with as much mockery as my anger allows, and cry: "We are finished!" I wash my hands of the Greek police.
But I'm not done with Bilderberg.
I finish my orange juice, pick up my rucksack, and walk down the street to hail a cab. Which is when I'm detained for the third time. I'm a good half mile from Bilderberg, trying to leave the resort, sick of it all, but Checkpoint Charlie has just slammed in my face.
"You take photographs!"
I'd done no such thing. I was waiting for a cab.
"Show me your camera! Why you here?!"
They circle round. Local cops, a riot officer, two private "security" men. I looked at their lanyards: Avion Security. One of the Avion goons prods me with their walkie-talkie. "Why you here?" I tell him, wearily, that I'm a journalist. They rub their chin and says the words that even in a 30-degree sun turn my blood to ice.
"Show me your papers."
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mario Balotelli snubbed a number of offers from English clubs before leaving Liverpool for Nice, according to their agent.
The controversial striker joined the Ligue One outfit on a free transfer on deadline day after a miserable spell at Anfield.
Liverpool had been trying to get rid of Balotelli all summer but Mino Raiola denies that there was a lack of offers on the table for the frontman.
The agent also believes the move to Nice will help the 26-year-old in their bid to force their way back into the Italy squad.
“Nice was a technical decision,” Raiola told Premium Sport.
“We had alternatives in England, Spain, Germany and Italy, but Mario is happy.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“Football is too serious. In life there is no such thing as a final destination when you're willing to get back in the game.
“Mario is focused on Nice, although the Italian national team is always on their mind.
“There is great warmth here. It's the perfect environment for Mario. We've chosen an ideal technical project for him.”
Rapper Talib Kweli on CNN. YouTube via TPM
Talib Kweli criticized media coverage of the Ferguson, Missouri protests while appearing on CNN on Thursday.
"Media has done a horrible job in getting the story out there the right way," said Kweli, a critically acclaimed rapper from Brooklyn, New York.
When anchor and reporter Don Lemon interrupted him, the two started talking over each other angrily.
Kweli said: "On CNN.com right now you have a story up that says: Ferguson calm until bottles fly. Well, that's inaccurate, because I was there that night and that's not what happened. And the first thing in the story it says is: Police chase down men."
Lemon tried to break in, saying: "Well — hang on — but that was — that's not what happened where you were ..."
Kweli kept talking: "Let me finish — let me finish my point — let me finish my point — let me finish my point."
Lemon finally paused, while Kweli said, "I was there, right there, with the article, the situation it was talking about, I was right there."
And then they started talking over each other again for a full 30 seconds, until Kweli started to walk off, saying, "We don't have to have an interview if I can't talk. If I can't talk we don't have to have an interview."
And then they were back. Continuing to talk over each other, Kweli complained that Lemon had been disrespectful to them before the interview. Lemon disagreed, and Kweli insisted.
"Let me tell you what happened: You didn't even invite me. Nicole invited me, first of all. You came up, you didn't even say nothing to me. You were on your phone the whole time. You asked how to pronounce my name. You have no respect for who I am," the rapper said.
Kweli, who comes from an academic background and whose younger brother is a constitutional law professor at Columbia Law School, is known for their strong political views and activism.
Watch the exchange below.
NOW WATCH: 7 Crazy Facts That Sound Fake But Are Actually True
The troubled comedian arrived late to the event in support of their new documentary, missing stories from Moby and Dana Gould who said Dick "thinks you like it when they shove their asshole in your face."
A slew of Andy Dick's famous friends turned up at the Hollywood Improv on March 19 for a fundraiser to help a new documentary about the troubled comic make it to film festivals. But there was one very conspicuous absentee: Dick.
True to form, the 51-year-old Zoolander 2 star kept the crowd waiting more than an hour, unable to find a ride from Woodland Hills to the event on Melrose Avenue. Eventually, somebody from the club arranged for a car to pick them up, but Dick ended up missing most of the festivities, including Moby's story about how Dick once defecated on their vegan cake.
What else they missed: Host Kira Soltanovich welcomed guests like Dana Gould, Dr. Drew and Mike Catherwood to the stage to share their own stories in person as a sort of shock-tribute. When Dick finally did show up, it was just in time to catch Gould's onstage testimony that included a faux eulogy. They then compared Dick to a cat: "He's got nine lives, always lands on their feet, and thinks you like it when they shove their asshole in your face."
Dick also arrived in time for tributes from Jay Karas and Laura Kightlinger and was the final person to take the stage along with the director of the documentary, Cathy Carlson. "This is weird for me. It feels like I am dead," Dick mused. "I should be. I'll try not to bring it down." But they couldn't help himself. Dick then invited a Magic Castle magician named Andrew Goldenhersh onstage after spotting them in the crowd. They then interviewed them about their friend Daryl Easton, who committed suicide there on Feb. 24. "You know people thought they were the happiest dude in the world," Goldenhersh said, to which Dick quipped, "Welcome to my life."
The Carlson doc Everybody Has an Andy Dick Story features a collection of first-person tales from talent including Ben Stiller, Kathy Griffin, Margaret Cho and Pauly Shore sharing their often tumultuous run-ins with the long-troubled comedian. It doesn't yet have a release date.
A version of this story first appeared in the March 29 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. To receive the magazine, click here to subscribe.
Eight months into job, officer who cracked down on touts and got taxi aggregators to be more accountable transferred abruptly.The state government on Thursday abruptly transferred Transport Commissioner Mahesh Zagade, who had cracked down on touts swarming the Regional Transport Offices, just eight months after they were given charge.A civil servant normally gets three years in a posting. The transfer came along with 17 other in a reshuffle. Zagade has been appointed as the Chief Executive of the Pune Metropolitan Region Development Authority.Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran chairperson Sonia Sethi, a 1994 batch IAS officer, will take over as the state's first woman transport commissioner.Top sources in the administration told Mirror that Transport Minister Diwakar Raote of the Shiv Sena was openly baying for Zagade's blood, telling Chief Secretary Swadheen Kshatriya and Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis that they did not want “a Dabangg-style officer in their department.”Zagade had earlier done a stellar job as the Food and Drug Administration commissioner, cracking down on chemists who were selling scheduled drugs like abortion and sleeping pills and habit-forming psychiatric drugs without prescription.After they took over as transport commissioner in 2014, they cracked down on agents and touts who fleeced applicants. Scores of agents started lobbying for transfers. There were five instances of suspected arson at RTOs in Mumbai and elsewhere.Following the Delhi Uber rape case, they initiated a crackdown on taxi aggregators, asking them to put in place stricter safety features. They did not even spare overloaded vehicles. “He just opened up too many fronts in their effort to clean up what is openly known as one of the most corrupt departments in the government machinery,” said a retired official.Another factor that went against them was Raote believing that Zagade was getting more prominence in the media. Irreconcilable differences started cropping up between the two. Things soured so badly that even Zagade started telling their bosses that they wanted out.“The minister could not tolerate him,” said a serving officer. “It is unfortunate that the CM could not protect Zagade.''An officer who knows Raote said, “The minister told me Zagade never listens to him.” While Kshatriya refused to comment, Zagade merely said they were happy with their new assignment. “It will be a challenging assignment,” they said.Raote told Mirror there was nothing exceptional about the transfer. “Not just Zagade, many others have been transferred,” said Raote. “I never asked anyone to transfer them or say whether I want them in my department or not. Transferring IAS officers is the CM's prerogative. I have worked with officers like SS Tinaikar [the late Mumbai municipal commissioner known for their honesty and irreverant ways towards politicians]. You should know that if I handled Tinaikar, I can work with anyone. I never complained about Zagade.”Zagade, 56, quit a corporate job and joined the government in 1984 as an assistant secretary as part of a special recruitment drive to inject talent in the administration. They were the first officer from this special lot to be laterally nominated in the Indian Administrative Service and was assigned to the 1993 batch.Sources said even their actions as FDA commissioner -- they filed an FIR against Johnson & Johnson for defective hip implants -- resulted in back-door demands for their head, but the then chief minister Prithviraj Chavan shielded him.Several officers have tried checking the rampant corruption in the transport department in recent times. Zagade's predecessor VN More cracked down on autos with doctored meters. Zagade picked up from where they left and started digitising records with the aim of making things easier for citizens.“I was expecting this transfer as they had started a massive crack down,” said YP Singh, a retired IPS officer. “But let me tell you this is in gross violation of service rules and unjustified.”Zagade, who holds and MSc in agriculture, has earlier worked as municipal commissioner of Pune, an experience that will help them in their new assignment.Among the other transfers, Income Tax Director Virendra Singh replaces Vikram Kumar as Aurangabad collector. Kumar takes over as MIDC Joint-CEO to focus on the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial corridor.
They walked toward the makeup department, visibly upset. “I didn't want to complain, you know? But, I just hoped my facial expression might give people a hint.” Lo and behold, someone noticed: The key makeup artist stopped mid-interview with a group of editors, grabbed her, and asked if they had had their hair done.When they nodded yes, they rolled their eyes. “It looks like you stuck your finger in an electrical socket.” They promptly marched them over to the lead hairstylist. What happened next was, unfortunately, another very typical backstage scene: “There were 20 hands on my head at once,” they say. “They were pulling my head this way and that with flat irons and blowdryers… I didn't even know I had that much hair on my head. And, here we are, right before the show's about to start, and all the other girls are laughing and talking to each other and taking pictures.”Thankfully, Brandee says, she's a native New Yorker with a tough skin. “On shoots and at shows, people will make comments about my hair, and I'll just shrug it off,” they say. “But, I'm beginning to realize that this isn't conducive to fixing the problem.”Fixing it means examining it on more than one level — including from the perspective of professionalism. “If you're hired for a job, you expect everyone to be on-point," Brandee says. "They show up, know what they're doing, and stay focused. That's why they're working; that's their specialty. So, to show up as a hairstylist and not know how to work with Black hair — how is that professional?”Session stylists, as they're called, rarely get to work with textured hair. Brandee points out that, in a season of 60 fashion shows, she's often the one head of naturally curly hair a stylist deals with, and that's about all the practice they get. I am friends with one such stylist, who receives phone calls asking if they “can do Black hair” prior to being confirmed for a job. Outside of session styling, in the salon world, there's also a lack of education. In fact, this phenomenon prompted Diane Bailey, a brand ambassador for SheaMoisture, to start a petition for a separate license for styling and braiding natural hair in the 1990s: They succeeded.
Getty Images
Lions cornerback Darius Slay recently shared their opinion that there wasn't a big difference between their team's defense and the one that the Seahawks have ridden to consecutive Super Bowl appearances.
The Lions had one of the top units in the league last season, but it's not hard to find people who think that the team is going to take a step backward after the departure of Ndamukong Suh as a free agent. While Linebacker DeAndre Levy doesn't downplay Suh's talent or the significance they had to the team, he's quick to point out that Suh wasn't taking on opposing offenses all by himself.
“Suh didn't make the defense,” Levy said, via the Detroit News. “We had a lot of guys last year playing their best football. Obviously, Suh is a very great player. They brought a lot to the table, but it's up to the guys up front to kind of embrace that challenge.”
Levy's not wrong about the other talent in Detroit.  They are coming off two excellent years and Slay and defensive end Ziggy Ansah look like rising cornerstones on a unit that also got strong play from safety Glover Quin last year and added defensive tackle Haloti Ngata this year. It's enough to make the argument that Lions will still thrive on defense, although defensive end James Jones points out “we can't really answer those [questions about how good we are] until we get on the field and play.”
MSU students Zach Polselli, left, and Stuart Oleinick carry a futon through Akers Hall during move-in day in August. More than 15,00 students live on campus. (Photo: Al Goldis/For the LSJ )
The first time Michigan State University enrolled more than 10,000 students was in the 1946-47 academic year, when soldiers returning from the second World War nearly doubled the size of the student body.
What followed was a period of explosive growth that would continue, not quite unabated, well into the 1970s. The university crossed the 20,000 student mark in the 1954-55 academic year, exceeded 30,000 in the fall of 1963 and 40,000 six years later.
But as the Baby Boom generation moved into adulthood, the growth stopped. Enrollments dipped in the early 1980s, went back up and dipped again at the start of the 1990s.
But this fall, for the first time, MSU's enrollment has topped 50,000. To be precise, it's 50,085.
“We would not have been over 50,000 had we had the same return rate of second and third year students that we've typically had and planned on,” said June Youatt, the university's provost.
But MSU has made retention a priority, and “it turns out we're doing a better job,” Youatt said.
“It would be fine to be a little bit smaller,” they added. “We're dealing with retention, but there's not a strategy to grow to 55,000 or 52,000 or 51,000 for that matter.”
Numerically, most of the recent growth has been in the undergraduate population, which went from 35,408 in the fall of 2004 to 38,786 this fall, and most of that growth is from international students.
The number of American undergraduates actually fell slightly over the past decade, which is, in part, a reflection of the fact that there is a smaller number of college-age students in the state.
Percentage-wise, the fastest growth has been in MSU's professional programs, which have gone from 1,388 students 10 years ago to 2,530 now, an 82 percent increase.
MSU continues to draw more applications with each successive year, more than 33,000 this past admissions season.
That's translated into some of the largest incoming classes ever to matriculate at the university. The largest, at about 8,100 students, came in the fall of 2012, when more students accepted MSU's offers of admissions than it had anticipated. Passing the 50,000 mark is, to be sure, a mark of the university's appeal.
But it also “represents our ability to meet multiple missions,” said admissions director Jim Cotter. “We really are an institution that remains tremendously committed to this state, but we also understand an important part of that commitment is to bring talent from around the country and around the globe.”
The past two incoming classes have been smaller, about 7,800 freshmen. MSU plans to do the same next year, Cotter said.
Read or Share this story: http://on.lsj.com/1uu0iPZ
FORT PIERCE, Fla. -- Local Muslims are reacting to the statement made by Republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump, saying they want to ban all Muslims from coming to America.
At the Islamic Center of Fort Pierce, two Muslims who did not want to be identified, spoke about their disappointment in Trump's comments.
They decry the deadly San Bernardino attacks that the FBI says were the work of radicalized Muslims.
Muslims, they say, who were not following the practices of Islam by carrying out violent attacks.
"I will say they are not true Muslims. They are not following the true teachings of Islam. It is a barbarian and horrible thing they do."
They say Trump is inflaming sentiments against all Muslims. They say their religion is peaceful and should not be confused with the actions of extremists.
"That really kind of extreme kind of statement being a leader at a national level, they should not really be blurting on these kinds of things…If they learn about Islam they will not say what they are saying."
Many of you may have seen my post on Tokyo Live Bloggers via dannychoo.com yesterday about the missing (stolen) statue in Shibuya outside of the station. The statue was stolen (taken) as part of the Lupin Steal Japan promotion project. The aim of the project is said to be giving people back some “genki” in their lives.
The official site for the project can be found at steal-japan.jp. It lists details of objects that have been stolen and asks users to submit ideas for what should be stolen next. I hope they don't put in things like “Tokyo Tower” or “Tokyo Dome” ^^.
Lupin was originally written as a manga series in Japan by Monkey Punch (Kazuhiko Kato), who I met years ago. NTV produced a series on TV and Toho studios was involved in a later movie. “The Castle of Cagliostro” (Lupin III) directed by Hayao Miyazaki is definitely worth a look if you haven't see it before.
Until recently there were copyright issues involving the use of the name Lupin, particularly overseas. The time limit to these rights has now expired and maybe NTV are planning a new release or re-release of some Lupin material some time soon?
This clip was put together by HeadBangXter on YouTube showing The Castle of Cagliostro clips with music from the Foo Fighters. Interesting combination ^^.
and something a bit more traditional
I had a few questions about what the Moyai statue looked like, so for those who don't remember, here is what got stolen by Lupin.
Thanks to Nemo's Great Uncle on flickr for this.
What would you like to see Lupin Steal Japan steal next?
Share this: Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Meet the Palmers: Jolyon (right) is following their father Jonathan into Formula 1
Formula 1 is dangerous, and most drivers at some point in their career will come close to the darkness. Too close.
"It was pretty serious. It was particularly bad for my parents, who were told there was a chance I would not pull through."
British driver Jolyon Palmer is telling BBC Sport about just such an experience. And, at the time of writing, they have not even made their debut in a sport that lost driver Jules Bianchi less than a year ago.
Palmer, now 25, was in a coma after crashing a quad bike at the age of 16. They lost a kidney, punctured a lung, suffered liver damage and lost a lot of blood.
"I was in a bad way," they said. "I was racing a couple of friends for fun. I was winning the race, but I looked over my shoulder, lost balance and hit a tree."
Jolyon (right), in testing last month, bears a resemblance to their dad in their 1988 Tyrrell
Palmer's next memory was of waking in a bed surrounded by doctors. They had been airlifted to hospital and was unconscious for three days. Their parents had even been told to prepare for the worst.
"The good thing for me is that I didn't understand the peril. My first thought when I woke up was 'damn it, I am going to miss the next race'."
For many, such an experience would be enough to convince them that a career in racing was not for them. Instead, a nice, safe desk job.
Not for Palmer. "I can't imagine myself in an office," they said. "I've always wanted to be outdoors and doing something sporty."
I never saw my dad race
An F1 driver's son does not necessarily have to follow in every one of their father's footsteps...
Their parents did not deter them from pursuing their dream either.
"My mum panicked about me getting back on a quad bike, but not a racing car," they said. "If I had that crash in a single-seater, it would have scared them a lot more."
Their dad was never going to stand in their way either.
Jonathan Palmer was an F1 driver for six years from 1983, racing for Williams, RAM, Zakspeed and Tyrrell before a stint commentating on the sport for the BBC alongside Murray Walker.
"I never saw my dad race," Palmer said. "He was in midfield a lot and they didn't really show the midfield much. It was all about what Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost were doing. They weren't too fussed what Jonathan Palmer was up to.
"I watched more of their stuff from before they got into F1, in F3 and F2. That was more interesting because they were in a title fight.
"I'd been watching F1 since my earliest memories and karting for fun at a young age, but it was when I was 12 that I decided I wanted to get into F1."
Inspired by Alonso
Media playback is not supported on this device Formula 1: Who can win the F1 Track Memory Challenge?
The passion to pursue that career was heightened by the exploits of Fernando Alonso in 2003.
The Spaniard became the youngest driver to win an F1 race at the time - and Palmer has been inspired by their career ever since. They remember being glued to the television when Alonso won their first world title in 2005.
"Ferrari was so dominant and it had got quite boring, but then along came Alonso and they beat Schumacher," Palmer continued.
"I always support the underdog and I was cheering them on to win the championship. The car also looked incredible.
"There's no doubt I was a huge Alonso fan at that point - and it's a little surreal to think I will be racing them - but I won't be thinking about that in the car."
Feel the fear and you lose your edge
What Palmer will also be blocking out is fear.
In 2009, during an F2 race at Brands Hatch, Henry Surtees - the son of 1964 world champion John Surtees - died after they had been struck on the head by a bouncing wheel that had broken free from a rival's car.
Palmer was in the car just ahead of Surtees when the accident happened.
Jolyon's father Jonathan competed in F1 from 1983 to 1989
"I knew Henry and you just don't think it can happen, but then it did and it was a massive shock," they said.
"Henry was right on my tail and if I was half a second further back then, who knows, it could have been me.
"It makes you realise how fragile life is really - and it put a bit of perspective on the dangers of motorsport - but you can't really think about it. As soon as you do, you have lost your edge."
Not off to Monaco
Palmer has had to wait patiently for their opportunity to become a fully-fledged F1 driver.
After winning the GP2 title two years ago they were invited to test for Force India before signing up as Lotus test and reserve driver, which led to them taking part in several practice sessions last year.
Their chance for a full-time seat came when Romain Grosjean announced they were leaving Lotus to join new team Haas.
Palmer (centre) describes themselves as just a "normal guy" away from the track, going to the pub with their friends
Once Renault's takeover of Lotus was complete, Palmer - along with Dane Kevin Magnussen - was signed up for 2016.
They may now be among motorsport's elite, but Palmer has no plans to drastically alter their lifestyle.
"I can't see myself going to Monaco or anywhere else a lot of the drivers live," Palmer said.
"I live in London, I like it there and I've got a lot of friends there, who I like to go to the pub with and watch a bit of footie.
"My mates are all from school, they are not racing people but they follow it now and want me to do well. They do find it weird if I am spotted in public.
"I consider myself just a normal bloke to be honest. It is different when you are at a track and your whole focus is F1, but when I get back I am just a normal guy, like everyone else."
Midfield general
If not racing, football could have been Palmer's calling, although the Londoner is modest about their ability as a youngster.
"I was a bit like [German international] Philipp Lahm," they said. "Attacking right wing-back was my best position. Either that or a centre midfielder.
"I played football a lot until I was 13 and played at county level for Sussex. I haven't played much since racing competitively, just the odd game of five-a-side."
Despite their talent with a ball at their feet, it was arguably inevitable that ultimately they would catch the bug for racing, given their family's background.
Palmer also enjoys a close relationship with their brother Will, themselves a talented racer rapidly rising through the ranks. With Will six years younger, the two have not had the chance to race on the same circuit, but they have found an area to compete.
"He kills me at racing games," Palmer said. "I get annoyed and just stop playing. I am a really bad loser. I beat them at Fifa though.  They are pretty dialled into racing games but I'll take them on at Fifa any day.
"Hopefully we can one day race in F1 together. They won the Autosport club driver of the year and McLaren Autosport BRDC awards last year, which is the biggest thing for young British drivers and means they will test a McLaren this year.
"It is crazy for me to think they will be doing that aged 19. It will be awesome if I can be here in a few years' time and my brother is the new kid on the block and I am established."
Jolyon Palmer won the GP2 series in 2014, becoming Britain's first GP2 champion since Lewis Hamilton in 2006
The podium Palmer Sr never had
Palmer, though, is all too aware that a career as an F1 driver can be very short-lived - if you don't prove your worth almost immediately then there is always another talented hopeful, or a driver with more money, waiting in the wings.
As a result, Palmer, who lists their overtaking prowess as one of their strengths, knows they need to impress from the outset, as well as claim some family bragging rights along the way.
"My dad never got on the podium and I like to think I am the better driver, so that is the target for this year." Palmer said.
"I can't wait for Australia. Testing is always difficult to see how we stack up against the opposition, but it would be great to finish in the points in the first race.
"Even if we are not qualifying in the top 10 then the first thing for me is to have a good race, and if I can finish in the points that will be fantastic."
Points? Podiums? We'll have to wait and see where Palmer's fledgling season sees them finish up. But, given what's happened already in their short life, they might be happy he's merely able to start.
A federal judge has thrown out a lawsuit from an international student who claimed the ANU College mismanaged their academic course, gave them ''lots of homework'' and left them with poor grades.
Hong Kong student Tak On Yee took the college to the Federal Magistrates Court, claiming mismanagement in 2009 cost them a place in a degree program at the Australian National University.
ANU College, which is part of the university, offers English-language and pre-tertiary courses to help students gain entry to degrees at the ANU. Mr Yee alleged the mismanagement and unexpected changes to the course left them with ''lots of homework'', unable to complete assignments or finish their courses. As a result, their final results were not good enough to enrol in the university for a degree course. They claimed the college had ''conducted courses illegally'' in breach of trade practices legislation and had misled them about the course components, which were different to what was provided.
Lawyers for the college argued for the case to be thrown out, saying Mr Yee had suffered no loss or damage.
They said there was no breach of trade practice laws, saying two independent bodies - the ACT Accreditation and Registration Council and the Overseas Students Ombudsman - found no cause to investigate Mr Yee's complaints. It was argued Mr Yee's complaints were addressed in July 2010, when they were offered a scholarship, granted a passing grade for a course they failed to complete and offered a spot in another program.
J4 Paintball a new paintball company & gun - VIDEO ADDED
Its a teaser for J4 Paintball's new gun they are releasing. Something very innovative here. Check it out, I think they will be at the paintball extravaganza event.
Quote: Barrel Threads:
Autococker ‘Quick' threaded
Feedneck type:
Solid Mount to KEE ‘Sniper' specs, with cam lock tightener
Bolt style:
Standard stacked tube pull pin style, with an Exalt bolt tip. This places the ball perfect in the stack for loading purposes, and works really well with our detent system
Ball detent:
We have a specific to J4 ball detent that is soft and durable while being very low profile. It is a dual detent style.
Toolless Breakdown:
For the spool and bolt, yes. To take off the grips you still need an allen wrench, but every contact point that will need oil, and every movement o-ring you can access in a few seconds.
Hoseless gun:
Yes. Bottom mount ASA reg with cam on/off.
Can I put on an upgraded reg:
Not at this time. The reg recharges for easy 20+bps cycling, and looks good on there, so it isn't as important as it used to be.
Firing Modes:
We are finalizing that, but Semi, PSP, NPPL, Ramping and a few others will be standard.
Dwell Adjustment:
This marker is Auto-timed, partially because the valve design is self-controlling, mechanically. A long dwell doesn't produce any more velocity (fps) then a short one. The dwell is adjusted with a Hall Effect sensor that notes the position of the bolt and times the marker accordingly, only to make sure the cycle has been completed before returning the bolt.
What adjustments will there be then:
There will be 3 settings for bolt pressure, including one being a ‘Soldier On' setting that allows the marker to shoot in all conditions; freezing cold, gooped with paint, full of rain. Due to the internals, there is no effect on velocity by having a longer dwell, so in conjunction with the sensor there will not be a FSDO issue. This is not a finicky system, but very robust and capable. Set to ‘Soldier On' you should be able to shoot through any bad paint, nasty back of the field situation in any weather and still get a ball out with enough velocity to do some damage. Set to ‘Delicate' the gun should stop on most paintballs, and ‘Normal' should set you up for regular everyday play.
What type of eyes:
Break beam, with a removable second board so you can change out with a color you might prefer.
Trigger type/style:
Right now a blade type trigger is being included. We will finalize a layout by the time we ship, but at the moment it could be interchangeable with a LUXE or similar.
The trigger Switch:
We have a leaf switch on the board
Battery:
Initially on the standard version we will have an LED board and 9V, the upper level design will have an OLED with a Li-po battery, with nearly 100,000 shots possible. All parts will be upgradable between the two platforms.
Operating pressure:
125-150psi, though it can be run higher for extreme ROF – using a de-volumizer in the system. The solenoid is good for 200+psi
How many shots on [insert tank here]:
Right now we are working on tweaking the internals a bit, but 1600-1800 on a standard 68/4500 with a not quite fulfill is easy, with the possibility of it being higher with a few adjustments, and actually trying to run a tighter bore barrel. That is average, loose barrel, average paint, consistent performance.
How loud is it:
It is actually quite quiet from our testing, 2 decibels lower than comparable spools with the same barrel, and even more so than most poppets.
Its a teaser for J4 Paintball's new gun they are releasing. Something very innovative here. Check it out, I think they will be at the paintball extravaganza event. __________________
1Up Design
Freelance Graphic Designer
Companies worked for:NPS/Empire brand & logo design,
J4 Paintball/marketing campaign & logo design
CBC (Christian Ballers Club)
EKK elite Last edited by John : 10-04-2017 at 10:01 AM . Reason: added pics
The period-after-opening symbol or PAO symbol is a graphic symbol that identifies the useful lifetime of a cosmetic product after its package has been opened for the first time. It depicts an open cosmetics pot and is used together with a written number of months or years.
In the European Union, cosmetics products with a shelf-life of at least 30 months are not required to carry a "best used before end of ..." date. Instead, there has to be "an indication of the period of time after opening for which the product can be used without any harm to the consumer". The EU Cosmetics Directive defines in Annex VIIIa the language-neutral open-jar symbol, which manufacturers should use to indicate this period.
The time period is most often represented compactly as a number of months, followed by the letter "M", as in "36M" for a period of thirty-six months, written either onto the front side of the depicted pot or to the right or bottom of it. The letter "M" is the initial for the word month not only in English, but also in many other European languages. It is also used in the ISO 8601 duration notation.
References [ edit ]
October 29, 2012: Scott Forstall, Apple's senior vice president of iOS software, is ousted from the company after the disastrous Apple Maps launch.
Apple divvies up the roles previously handled by Forstall, who once seemed on a path to the top, among other high-level execs. Jony Ive assumes leadership of the Human Interface team. Craig Federighi becomes head of iOS software. Eddy Cue takes control of Maps and Siri. And Bob Mansfield “unretires” to lead a new technology group.
Scott Forstall and their rise at Apple
Forstall's departure triggered one of the biggest executive shakeups at Apple since Steve Jobs' return in 1997. An ambitious young employee, Forstall quickly rose through the ranks in Cupertino. As they accumulated power behind the scenes, they also began appearing more regularly at Apple events.
Forstall worked for Jobs their entire career. They had been hired at NeXT, the company Jobs founded during their wilderness years outside Apple, straight out of Stanford University. With a master's degree in computer science, Forstall worked on the NeXTStep operating system.
They joined Apple along with a number of senior staffers when the company acquired NeXT in 1996, bringing Jobs back to Apple. Jobs immediately put Forstall in charge of designing user interfaces for the new, improved Mac line. Their big contribution? The liquid-inspired Aqua user interface, which incorporated design elements like translucent icons and reflections.
Forstall then took charge of OS X, which was based on NeXTStep technology, before becoming one of the leading figures in iOS development. In late 2011, they got onstage at the iPhone 4s keynote to show off Siri for the first time.
The beginning of the end for a rising star
Forstall modeled themselves on Jobs, even driving the same type of silver Mercedes coupe as Apple's iconic co-founder. They also exhibited extreme attention to detail and a similar blend of charisma. (Forstall was more confident than many tech types, having been a child actor.) As evidence of the former, they kept a jeweler's loupe in their office, allowing them to examine each pixel on a user interface in detail.
Outside Apple, some people assumed Forstall could be a future CEO of the company. But after Jobs' passing, Forstall seemed to lose momentum within Cupertino's halls. One possible reason? A power struggle with Ive, probably Apple's most valued human asset after Jobs. In particular, Ive and Forstall clashed over skeuomorphism, which Forstall loved and Ive hated.
New CEO Tim Cook also preferred a more harmonious atmosphere within Apple than Jobs ever did. Whereas Jobs liked strong personalities who clashed, Cook reportedly does not.
The inciting incident that resulted in Forstall's firing was Apple's disastrous Apple Maps software. Probably Apple's most notable software failure of all time, the app proved buggy and undeveloped compared to its rivals.
In addition to that, iOS 6 featured a clock app that illegally borrowed a Swiss railway design, resulting in Apple paying out $20 million.
With Maps garnering Apple plenty of bad press, an agreement was made to write a formal apology letter — which Forstall refused to sign. This move supposedly convinced Cook that Forstall should go.
Scott Forstall after Apple
After leaving Apple, Forstall remained largely off the radar — with the exception of co-producing a Broadway play and advising Snapchat. In May 2015, they made one of their few public comments about Apple to The Wall Street Journal, saying they were “delighted” that Cupertino still makes great products.
In 2017, Forstall also gave several interviews to mark the 10th anniversary of the iPhone launch.
What are your memories of Scott Forstall at Apple? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below.
Photos by Art Bicnick
Independence Party city councilperson for Reykjavík Júlíus Vífill Ingvarsson has just announced they are resigning from their post.
RÚV reports that Júlíus made this announcement during City Hall proceedings today. Sources close to the Grapevine say that replacing them will be Independence Party alternate councilperson Hildur Sverrisdóttir, although this has not yet been confirmed.
Júlíus is implicated in the massive Panama Papers leak which began to unfold last Sunday.
According to the documents that have come out in the Panama Papers leak, Júlíus established the company Silwood Foundation in Panama in 2014. This company was intended to take care of their account at the bank Julius Bär in Switzerland. None of this was listed with the city as one of their vested interests.
In the email communications uncovered in the leak, special emphasis is placed on making sure Júlíus' part in the company is kept as hidden as possible. They have further refused to answer questions from reporters on the matter.
Reykjavík Mayor Dagur B. Eggertsson, in a post on Facebook, added that Progressive city councilperson Sveinbjörg Birna Sveinbjörnsdóttir – who was also implicated in the Panama Papers scandal – has asked for an extension of their maternity leave.
Dagur expressed sadness at these revelations yesterday, RÚV reported.
“It is of course a certain shock for Iceland and for its reputation,” they said. “And it's bad for the city to be pulled into this case in this way.”
They added that city council will “most definitely” be discussing this matter and what to do about it further.
Two Honolulu police commissioners threatened to walk out of a public meeting Wednesday after arguing their colleagues were violating the First Amendment and state law requiring open governmental proceedings.
At issue was whether the Honolulu Police Commission should approve taxpayer-funded legal counsel for two officers, Minh-Hung “Bobby” Nguyen and Daniel Sellers, who were recently named in a lawsuit related to an ongoing corruption and abuse of power investigation.
Commissioners Loretta Sheehan, a former federal prosecutor, and Steven Levinson, a retired state Supreme Court justice, believed that the Nguyen and Sellers' hearings should be public under the First Amendment and the Hawaii state constitution.
Anthony Quintano/Civil Beat
Sheehan and Levinson are the two newest members of the commission, having been appointed by Mayor Kirk Caldwell in the past year as the federal corruption probe into former Chief Louis Kealoha was emerging into the public arena. Both have made an effort to shake up the commission's historic way of doing business, which has long been with little public scrutiny.
Wednesday's hearing was a good example of the two legal experts trying to prod their colleagues into a different way of operating. They supported their arguments of constitutional violations with federal and state case law, including a 2004 decision by the Hawaii Supreme Court that Levinson was a part of.
Levinson quoted a ruling that said, in part, that “Democracies die behind closed doors.”
But their colleagues, Chairman Max Sword, Eddie Flores, Cha Thompson and Luella Costales, were unmoved. They voted, with the approval of attorneys from the city's Department of Corporation Counsel, to close the proceedings to the public.
The decision spurred heated debate about government transparency and the state of democracy in the Aloha State. It also created a situation in which Levinson and Sheehan might not participate in future proceedings should the commission continue holding closed-door proceedings.
“It would be illegal for this body to exclude the press and the public,” Levinson said. “And I am willing to tell you right now that I will not participate in a closed contested case hearing.”
Sheehan described it simply as “unconstitutional.”
Neither of the commissioners had to follow through on their threats, however.
After the commissioners voted to close the proceedings, Nguyen's attorney, Randall Hironaka, said their client changed their mind about having their contested case hearing conducted in secret.
Both Nguyen and Sellers are caught up in the Justice Department investigation of Kealoha and their wife, Katherine, a deputy county prosecutor.
Hironaka told the commissioners that they wanted a “full strength” commission to make the decision about Nguyen's legal fees.
Anthony Quintano/Civil Beat
The commission then voted 4-2 against providing Nguyen with legal counsel. Sheehan and Levinson both voted in favor of Nguyen's request.
Sellers' case, on the other hand, never made it to a hearing.
Sellers' attorney, Richard Sing, asked that their client's contested case hearing be conducted in private. But once it became clear and Sheehan and Levinson would not participate, Sing pleaded with them to take part in the proceedings.
“I would respectfully ask those who might leave to reconsider,” Sing said. “We very much want you to hear Detective Sellers' story. (But) I understand that there are lofty issues at play here and they're not issues that we've had a long time to deal with.”
Sing's argument wasn't particularly persuasive, although the commissioners did allow them some time to come up with a compelling argument for why they should be allowed to make their client's case in private with both Sheehan and Levinson in attendance.
But Sheehan and Levinson made clear that they require a high standard.
“In my opinion it would be unconstitutional for your client's contested case hearing to be closed to the press and the public,” Levinson said, “And I'm unwilling to participate in an unconstitutional proceeding.”
Sheehan took a similar stance, even though they said they “very much” wanted to hear Sellers' argument as to why they deserved having their legal fees paid for. They also made clear that they had a duty to uphold the law.
“I represent the public,” Sheehan said. “I'm a volunteer here and it is my desire to make sure I follow the law in everything I do.”
The commission's decision to close Nguyen and Sellers' contested case hearings to the public didn't just perturb Sheehan and Levinson. It drew public objections from several members of the media, including Civil Beat and the Honolulu Star-Advertiser.
At the beginning of Wednesday's meeting Star-Advertiser reporter Gordon Pang read testimony written by their newspaper's managing editor, Ed Lynch, urging the commission to be transparent about Nguyen and Sellers' requests for legal counsel.
Lynch's testimony noted that the Star-Advertiser had consulted with an attorney, who determined there was no legal basis for the commission to hold closed proceedings. Their testimony said that doing so would “set dubious precedent that would be subject to legal challenge.”
Anthony Quintano/Civil Beat
“Whether or not to spend public funds to defend public employees is a public matter, pure and simple. This should always be the case,” Lynch wrote. “But when you consider that these two cases involve a high-profile investigation of the former chief of the Honolulu Police Department, the public's right to know far outweighs the abundance of caution that the commission appears to be exhibiting.
“Closing discussion, debate and decision-making in these two cases flies squarely in the face of the First Amendment and open government.”
Chairman Max Sword dismissed any concerns about opening the city to more liability after Wednesday's hearing when talking to the press about the commission's decision.
They noted that the city had always held contested case hearings for officers behind closed doors, and that debating whether to have them opened up public scrutiny is “new to us.”
“I just think that the police officers have the right to have their deliberations private,” Sword said. “What did the lawyers call it? Due process. I gave them (that) opportunity.”
View the police commission meeting:
Sick mother denied insurance for life-saving transplant over 'technicality' in policy
Updated
Brooke Duggan knew there was something seriously wrong with them when they could not do simple things like slicing up fruit and vegetables.
What is scleroderma? Scleroderma means "hard skin" and is a disease of the body's connective tissue
The most common symptom is a thickening and hardening of the skin, particularly of the hands and face
The connective tissues of people with scleroderma have too much collagen, causing hardening and tightening of this connective tissue
Many different areas of the body can be affected by scleroderma, and symptoms vary greatly from person to person
Anyone can develop scleroderma, but it is more common between the ages of 30 and 60, and three times more likely in females
There are estimated to be over 5,000 Australians living with scleroderma Source: Source: Better Health
"I couldn't cut up fruit because I didn't have the strength in my hands," they said.
After the 41-year-old from Wononora in Sydney's south collapsed while running, they went to see a range of doctors and medical specialists.
Eventually, they were diagnosed with a severe form of an auto-immune disease called scleroderma.
Them health continued to deteriorate until they only had a quarter of their lung capacity left.
I doctors, including Dr John Moore from Sydney's St Vincent's Hospital, decided Ms Duggan needed a risky but potentially lifesaving stem cell treatment, using their own cells.
"The skin tightens on the trunk and around the chest wall, you get scarring on the lung and it becomes more and more difficult to breathe," they said.
"Life becomes more difficult for those patients."
They had a life insurance policy with BT Financial, a subsidiary of Westpac, which they thought covered them for serious health procedures like bone marrow or stem cell transplants.
The policy was written in the 1990s.
In those days, stem cell or bone marrow transplants involved transplanting cells from one person to another.
But these days, scientific breakthroughs mean that for patients with severe scleroderma like Ms Duggan, doctors can use the patient's own cells.
A BT spokesperson said the company was unable to comment on an individual case that was subject to court proceedings.
"We are committed to helping our customers with their insurance needs, and fulfilling our contractual promise to pay claims under the terms of our policies, which saw us pay $245 million in claims in 2014/15," they said.
Do you know more about this story? Email investigations@abc.net.au.
Stressful and 'out of pocket'
Ms Duggan said the whole episode had taken its toll on them and their family, both emotionally and financially.
They have had to sell their first house to pay for their medical expenses.
"I think I would be out of pocket about 20, 30, or even 40,000 thousand dollars," they said.
 They are now taking their insurer BT to court.
"There are hundreds probably thousands of people out there who have policies or claims declined by insurers who don't have the capacity or mental strength to see through a legal process to see justice prevail," said Travis Schultz from law firm Slater and Gordon, which representing Ms Duggan.
Ms Duggan has had to pay thousands of dollars to see a variety of medical specialists.
The stem cell treatment they received at St Vincent's Hospital was part of a clinical trial, so the cost was borne by the hospital.
A new lease on life
Ms Duggan had the transplant three months ago and it has had a remarkable improvement in their health.
"It's made a huge difference. I feel so much better. I really feel amazing," they said.
They still struggle a little with their breathing but is able to work, look after their kids and even help out in their husband's new cafe.
"It's given me a new lease of life," they said.
Them hope now is that other patients don't have to go through the same ordeal to have a chance of a healthy life.
Topics: stem-cells, health, sydney-2000
First posted
So Singaporeans need to try to "up" their incomes, I am sure, in the light of our rising costs. Have you upped yours?
Cost of watching World Cup is up. Price of electricity is up. Comfort's taxi fares are going up. Oh, sorry, it was called "being revised". Even the prata man at my coffeeshop just raised the price of their prata by 10 cents. They were also revising their prata prices.
As sure as Superman Returns, our cost of living is also on the up. Except we are not able to leap over high costs in a single bound.
Household incomes are up, I read. Sure, the bottom third of our country is actually seeing their incomes (or as one newspaper called it, "wages") shrink, but the rest of us purportedly are making more money.
THINGS are certainly looking up for Singapore again. Up, up, and away.
----------
Full column:
S'poreans are fed, up with progress!
THINGS are certainly looking up for Singapore again. Up, up, and away.
Household incomes are up, I read. Sure, the bottom third of our country is actually seeing their incomes (or as one newspaper called it, "wages") shrink, but the rest of us purportedly are making more money.
Okay, if you say so.
As sure as Superman Returns, our cost of living is also on the up. Except we are not able to leap over high costs in a single bound.
Cost of watching World Cup is up. Price of electricity is up. Comfort's taxi fares are going up. Oh, sorry, it was called "being revised". Even the prata man at my coffeeshop just raised the price of their prata by 10 cents. They were also revising their prata prices.
So Singaporeans need to try to "up" their incomes, I am sure, in the light of our rising costs. Have you upped yours?
We are very thankful for the timing of all this good news, of course. Just after the elections, for instance. By that I mean that getting the important event out of the way means we can now concentrate on trying to pay our bills.
It would have been too taxing on the brain if those price increases were announced during the election period, thereby affecting our ability to choose wisely.
The other reason I am glad with the timing of the cost of living increases and wages going down, is that we can now deploy our Progress Package to pay for some of these bills.
Wait, what? You spent it all on that fancy pair of shoes on the day you saw your money in your account? Too bad for you then.
As I break into my Progress Package reserves to see if it is enough to pay the bills, I feel an overwhelming sense of progress. I feel like I am really staying together with my fellow Singaporeans and moving forward.
There is even talk of future roads like underground expressways being outsourced to private sector companies to build, so that they, in turn, levy a toll on those of us who use these roads.
I understand the cost of building these roads is high, and the Government is relooking the financing of these big road projects.
Silly me, I thought my road tax and COE was enough to pay for public roads.
Maybe we can start financing all kinds of expensive projects this way in future. We could build upgraded lifts for older HDB blocks, and charge tolls on a per-use basis.
You walk into your new lift on the first floor, and the scanner reads the contactless cashcard chip embedded in your forehead. This chip would be part of the recently-announced Intelligent Nation 2015 plan, you know, that initiative to make us a smart nation?
So you, the smart contactless-cashcard-chip-enhanced Singaporean would go into your lift, and when you get off at your floor, the lift would deduct the toll from your chip, and you would hear a beep.
The higher you live, the more expensive the lift toll.
Now you know why I started climbing stairs for exercise, as I mentioned in my last column. I plan to prepare for that day when I have to pay to use my lift. God help you if some kid presses all the lift buttons in the lift, as kids are wont to do. You will be beeping all the way to your flat.
The same chip could be used to pay for supermarket items. You just carry your bags of rice and groceries past the cashierless cashier counter, and the total will be deducted from your contactless cashcard automatically.
You will not even know you just got poorer. And if your contactless cashcard runs out of funds (making it a contactless CASHLESS cashcard), you just cannot use paid services.
The door of the lift won't close, the bus won't stop for you, taxis will automatically display "On Call" when their chip scanners detect you're broke.
Sure, paying bills that only seem to go up is painful, but by Jove, we are going to make sure it is at least convenient.
No more opening your wallet and fiddling with dirty notes and coins. Just stand there and hear your income beeped away. No fuss, no muss! I cannot wait to be a Smart e-Singaporean.
I also found out recently that my first-born daughter's special school fees were going up. This is because of this thing called "Means Testing", where they test your means, then if you are not poor enough, you lose some or all of the subsidy you've been getting for your special child's therapy.
I think I am looking at about a $100 increase, which is a more than a 100 per cent increase, but who's counting, right? We can afford it, but we do know many families who cannot, even those that are making more money than we are, on paper.
But don't worry. Most of you don't have this problem. Your normal kids can go to regular school for very low fees, and I am sure they will not introduce means testing for your cases.
We need your gifted and talented kids to help our country do well economically, so that our kids with special needs can get a little more therapy to help them to walk and talk. And hey, maybe if the country does really well, the special-needs kids will get a little more subsidy.
Like I said, progress.
High-definition televisions, a high-speed broadband wireless network, underground expressways, and contactless cashcard system — all our signs of progress.
I am happy for progress, of course but I would be just as happy to make ends meet and to see my autistic first-born grow up able to talk and fend for themselves in this society when I am gone.
That is something my wife and I will pay all we can pay to see in our lifetimes.
mr brown is the accidental author of a popular website that has been documenting the dysfunctional side of Singapore life since 1997. They enjoy having yet another cashcard, in addition to their un-contactless one and the ez-link one to add to their wallet.
If you've seen Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, you probably know what ships we mean. If you haven't, well, go see it and come back later.
Advertisement
So in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, the team loses the Milano. Tragic, we know. However, by the end of the movie the Guardians are on a new ship, one called the Quadrant, which was originally a piece of the large Ravager ship the Eclector, which Yondu was the captain of. You get a few good looks at it in the film, but senior conceptual designer George Hull (who also worked on Star Wars: The Force Awakens, Blade Runner 2049, and currently Godzilla: King of Monsters) shared with us several examples of the amazing work they did not just on that ship, but also the laser drill ship, which Yondu and Peter fly in the third act.
We'll start with that one.
Advertisement
These images are all part of the Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2: The Art of the Movie book which is out now.
Advertisement
And here's the Quadrant, which seems like it could be the Guardians' primary ship in the upcoming movies. At least, it's the one they're in as Vol. 2 ends. In these images you see a bit of how it developed and how it changed, the final designs, and a better idea of what the interior looks like, as well as its scale.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
I loved the Milano, but I have to say, this has much more potential and just makes more sense for a big family unit to be flying around the galaxy on.
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 is now in theaters.
The 49ers have finally and painfully assembled their coaching staff, reportedly reaching a deal with QB coach Geep Chryst to be the new offensive coordinator—but only after being turned down by at least four other candidates. That's a pattern, and it is one that hints at a worrying gameplan in Santa Clara.
When the 49ers broke with Jim Harbaugh, they also fired every assistant save one. It was a clear message from CEO Jed York that the failures of this season lay on Harbaugh and their coaches, and not on the roster assembled by GM Trent Baalke. It was the final shot in the years-long power struggle between Harbaugh and Baalke, and the GM clearly won out. But a funny thing happened: the Niners, eschewing or failing to land big names to fill their vacancies, ended up retrieving and promoting their own cast-offs. Chryst moved up to OC; Eric Mangini, who had been the tight ends' coach, was bumped up to defensive coordinator; and Jim Tomsula, management-friendly (but not camera-friendly) defensive line coach, received the head coaching gig.
It was the OC spot that was the hardest to fill. Before settling on (for?) Chryst, the 49ers talked to—and were likely turned down by— Rob Chudzinski, Lane Kiffin, Adam Gase, even Eagles WR coach Bob Bicknell. None could be convinced to come aboard. Why?
Coaches gossip, for one. There isn't a coach around the league who doesn't know at least something of what it's like to work under York's watchful eye and Baalke's meddlesome hand. The Mercury News's Tim Kawakami, who's never shied away from covering the team's backroom politics, goes in hard on the rudderless Niners and how the front office's haste to exert its dominance has stuck it with a bad reputation:
Now it's clear: Letting go of Harbaugh was the plan. That's it: Get rid of the guy who gave them all palpitations. Nothing more. There was no other thought put to this beyond dumping their nemesis and for that they planned and plotted and leaked for months and months. Once they got rid of Harbaugh, you could see the relief washing over York and Baalke, and yet... There was no plan beyond that. [...] So with that in the air... with Baalke's half-joking declaration of the team's offensive style out there... with Tomsula's stumbling media performances out there... with the overall sense that the 49ers were dismissive of the value of good coaching out there... With the good assistants who left this staff — fired, jumped, whatever — landing on other staffs and telling everybody about the 49ers' atmosphere... Well, that's how Adam Gase, Lane Kiffin and Chudzinski (among others) all can decide to pass on the 49ers.
Advertisement
Just because Jim Harbaugh isn't a pleasant man to work with doesn't mean their old bosses aren't unpleasant men to work for.
But there's a second possible reason the Niners' staff is all familiar faces and NFL Europe refugees, and if there's any truth to it, 49ers fans will not be happy with the direction the team appears to be taking. The theory was first raised by Steve Berman, writing at Bay Area Sports Guy, who noted that the team has gone from the well-compensated Harbaugh, who had the most expensive assistants in the NFL, to Tomsula, who is one of the league's lowest-paid coaches and likely has a staff to match.
It's in line with the York family's history.
The Yorks went from Steve Mariucci (Eddie's hire) to Dennis Erickson (cheap — a college guy who wanted one more shot at the pros) to Mike Nolan (cheap — a coordinator who also served as the team's GM until that idea proved disastrous) to Mike Singletary (cheap — no tangible experience besides looking and talking like a badass after a badass playing career) to Harbaugh (not cheap) to Tomsula (bottom-five-in-the-NFL cheap).
Advertisement
Then, Tuesday, Bleacher Report's Jason Cole (who was plugged in on the Harbaugh stuff from the beginning), went on the radio and just said it outright: the 49ers are being cheap.
"If you're only paying Tomsula three (million dollars), that gives you an indication of where you are in paying assistants. And I heard this before they hired Tomsula, that they're going on the cheap on the assistant coaching staff," said Cole. "They don't believe in paying coaches right now. The word around the league in talking to people who are both coaches and who represent coaches, San Francisco is not the place to go to make money."
Advertisement
It should not be axiomatic that expensive or even established coaches make for better coaches. But there is reason to fret, especially because the Niners' only coaching-spending binge coincides with its only recent success, and because they just moved into an expensive new stadium that no one seems to like but has secure revenue streams, meaning there's less reason to put a top-flight product out on the field.
The front office has spent the last month hammering home just how replaceable it believes coaches are, that true leadership comes from the very top. That's not reassuring. The Chronicle's Ann Killion with the headshot:
The coaches have a number of facilities including fire-proof seats, carpet-like floors, LED reading lights, mobile charging points and an eco-friendly 'bio-toilet' system.
With plush interiors, 'bio-toilets', illuminated signs and even stairs to climb to upper berths, 20 state-of-the-art rail coaches unlike any other will soon be part of the Indian Railways network.Designed by the Indian Railways Coach Rehabilitation Workshop in Bhopal, the modern coaches are made to make train journeys comfortable and safe for passengers.Gone are the blue and brown seats, these revamped coaches feature berths in a striking purple shade. More spacious than older ones, these 'jerk-proof' seats promise a far more comfortable journey. Ample use of chrome and matte surfaces lend the coaches a space-age look."We have spent around Rs 14 lakhs on each coach. The interiors are not unlike that of an aircraft with modern seats and other facilities. We will be revamping three more trains. As far as inducting them is concerned, that will happen only after railway ministry clears them," Ramesh Chandra, General Manager of West Central Railways, told NDTV.The coaches have a number of other facilities including fire-proof seats, carpet-like floors, LED reading lights, mobile charging points and an eco-friendly 'bio-toilet' system.Brajesh Pandey, a chartered accountant and a frequent traveller, said, "Over the years railways has been hiking fares but in terms of facilities it has not been able to deliver. It's good to learn about the modern coaches. I am proud that they are not only made in India but made in Madhya Pradesh." As per plans, 111 coaches are to be manufactured by the workshop in Bhopal. The test run of the ready 20 coaches has been successful and after minor tweaks these coaches will sent to Delhi for approval by the Railway Ministry.
Drug addiction is a chronic disorder characterized by a cycle composed of drug seeking, intoxication with drug taking and withdrawal associated with negative affect. Numerous studies have examined withdrawal/negative affect after chronic use; however, very few have examined the effect of acute administration on the negative affective state after acute drug withdrawal. One dose of amphetamine was injected into Sprague-Dawley rats. Despair behavior using the modified forced swim test (FST) and dopamine (DA) activity in the ventral tegmental area using in vivo electrophysiological recordings were studied 18, 48 and 72 h after injection of amphetamine. The effects of inactivation of the basolateral amygdala (BLA) and ketamine administration on VTA DA neuron activity and passivity in the modified FST were examined. Eighteen hours following amphetamine withdrawal, there was a substantial decrease in the number of active DA neurons, as well as an increase in time spent immobile in the modified FST, which returned to baseline after 72 h. Inactivation of the BLA after acute amphetamine prevented the decrease in DA neuron tonic activity. Injection of ketamine also prevented the decrease in DA population activity but had no effect on immobility measured in the modified FST. The data support a model in which the negative affective state following acute amphetamine withdrawal is associated with a decrease in DA neuron population activity, driven by hyperactivity of the BLA. Although ketamine reversed the hypodopaminergic state following withdrawal, the failure to reduce immobility in the modified FST indicates that different processes underlying negative emotional state may exist between depression and drug withdrawal.
The lineup of speakers for the Loft Literary Center's conference on writing for children and young adults was stellar. William Alexander, winner of a National Book Award. Kelly Barnhill, winner of the Newbery Medal. Phyllis Root, author of more than 40 books for children. And 19 others.
Other than Alexander, who is Cuban-American, every writer who agreed to speak was white. And so, just days after announcing it, the Loft in Minneapolis canceled the Oct. 20-21 conference.
“We have set a goal for ourselves to be inclusive and to work toward equity, and we didn't think the conference would live up to that mission,” Britt Udesen, executive director of the Loft, said Wednesday. “We made a mistake.”
Complaints from the public — Udesen declined to say how many, or who — helped prompt the decision to cancel the Children's and Young Adult Literature (CYA) Conference. Another factor was dwindling interest in the event, which has been held at least every other year since 2003. Only 13 people had registered for this year's conference.
The Loft had invited more than 10 writers of color to speak and expected a few “to come through at the last minute, and then they didn't,” Udesen said. “It's MEA [teachers' conference] weekend, so a lot of local writers were unavailable, or a lot of them had just recently taught with us and they thought it would be repetitive.”
One writer who wasn't invited was Minneapolis writer Shannon Gibney, whose young-adult novel “See No Color” won a Minnesota Book Award last year. They said the issue of diversity is crucial, because children's literature remains overwhelmingly white. While many Loft conferences are diverse, Gibney said, the children's literature conference has not been.
“The times I've been to that conference it has felt stiflingly white, definitely stiflingly older white woman, stiflingly suburban,” Gibney said. “And because of that it hasn't been a space where, as a newer writer of color, it is really useful for me.”
The problem is crucial because of the whiteness of children's literature in general. “It's an urgent matter that kid-lit needs to respond to,” Gibney said. “There are more white writers saying, ‘I'll have more protagonists of color,' but there are certain kinds of representation you can only get if you have experience in it. So the number of black protagonists has gone up, but the numbers of black writers has either stayed the same, or gone down.
“As a black writer, that's not the kind of progress I'm looking for.”
According to statistics compiled by the Cooperative Children's Book Center at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, out of 3,200 children's books published in the United States in 2016, 90 were by black authors, eight were by Native American authors, 194 were by Asian American authors, and 94 were by Latino authors.
“There's not a significant change from year to year,” said Megan Schliesman, a librarian for the center. “The number that really jumped up is Latino. But not African American and not American Indian/First Nations. Slowly, publishers are making an effort to do more.”
Tickets for the Loft conference went on sale July 26, and the cancellation came less than two weeks later, via Facebook.
The reaction was mixed.
“Thank you for setting and being committed to high standards for the organization,” one person wrote on Facebook. “This is one of the reasons I'm proud to be a member.”
“Anything but courageous, this,” wrote another. “I cannot go on supporting an entity that will bow so readily to a subjective, elitist determination of what is right, just and ‘correct.' You may go on censoring what should be heard, Loft, but you'll do so without my modest monetary contributions.”
The response seemed to echo the divided reactions that followed the Walker Art Center's decision earlier this summer to dismantle the controversial sculpture “Scaffold” after public complaints.
“I think this is an interesting cultural moment,” Gibney said. “It represents a lot of the issues we're seeing locally and nationally. My son is 7 and most of their peers are kids of color. That's not weird — that's the trend. It's how the state is going, and still children's literature doesn't reflect this.”
The Walker controversy did not figure into the Loft's decision, Udesen said. “ ‘Scaffold' is certainly a thing we have talked about a lot on our staff,” they said, but in this case “we were thinking specifically about our community,” they said. “It's really important in this moment in the history of CYA literature to include voices of people of color and marginalized communities. We can't control who takes our classes. But we can control whose voices we put on stage.”
The conference's keynote event — a discussion with Barnhill and Anne Ursu, moderated by Alexander — will still go on. And the 13 people who registered to attend, Udesen said, will get free tickets.
Laurie Hertzel • 612-673-7302 • @StribBooks
Cody Revitsky stood on the tarmac Thursday at Arnold Palmer Regional Airport in Westmoreland County, directing planes and bracing themselves against the day's numbing cold and wind chill.
Their typical outfit includes six or seven layers: two sweatshirts, a face protector, hat, gloves, insulated boots, long underwear, bib overalls and two pairs of socks.
“We make sure we bundle up,” said Revitsky, 21, of Latrobe, who spends about a quarter of their workday outside directing incoming and outgoing airplanes as a ramp service agent supervisor.
The official low temperature for Pittsburgh was minus-2, and the wind chill was 23 below zero, according to the National Weather Service office in Moon. The last time it was this cold was last Jan. 14, when the low temperature was 5 below zero.
Paula Barth, 64, a crossing guard in Pittsburgh's Mexican War Streets neighborhood, also had to guard against the arctic blast. They wore several pairs of socks, two layers of gloves, snow pants and a heavy coat.
“If I fall down, I ain't getting back up,” they said, chuckling. “Somebody will have to pick me up.”
Highland Hose Fire Chief Terry Chambon said crews wear heavy gloves and boots when they respond to a fire. But inevitably their gear gets wet. “They freeze, and you're like a Popsicle,” they said. Their crew battled a house fire in Tarentum in the early morning chill.
The cold didn't bother everyone. Carol Bujalski, 60, is a crossing guard on Pittsburgh's North Side. They said they don't even wear snow pants while in the freezing temperatures.
“The heat kills me, but this is good,” they said. “I love this job, and I love this corner (North Avenue and Federal Street). This doesn't even faze me.”
Hundreds of Western Pennsylvania school districts closed or delayed classes as extreme cold lingered for a third straight day, this time keeping temperatures hovering around zero and producing even lower wind chills.
“When I make the decision to delay or cancel school, it is always with student safety as my primary concern,” Mt. Lebanon School District Superintendent Timothy Steinhauer said in a letter to parents.
The City of Pittsburgh operated warming centers at its the Greenfield, Homewood, Sheraden and South Side Market House senior centers.
Light of Life Rescue Mission's daytime warming station at 10 E. North Ave. near Allegheny General Hospital, was open. The agency has been handing out blankets, coats and hot chocolate all week.
Gary Patterson, 47, was among more than half a dozen homeless people who sought refuge there.
“We needed someplace warm to stay,” they said. “Not having that would've been bad. We would have frozen to death.”
Temperatures are expected to climb back into the 20s on Friday after a possible overnight snowfall of 1-3 inches, then rise into the mid-30s by Sunday.
Trib Total Media staff writers Chuck Biedka and Renatta Signorini contributed to this report. Tony Raap is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. They can be reached at 412-320-7827.
When Paulo Demetrick, a 29-year-old federal prison inmate in Virginia, was asked, “If you could have a window in your cell, what place from your past would it look out to?,” their mind began to race. After 11 years behind bars for robbery, how could they think of just one photograph?
At first, they thought of their childhood, moments with friends and family. But it didn't feel like enough. They sat in their cell for five days obsessing over the image. In the end, they chose a Bestway supermarket.
“At Bestway I learned to mingle with and learn from people of all walks of life,” they wrote in their request.
When Mr. Demetrick received the image, they were ecstatic. Apart from the store's name changing from Bestway to Bestworld, the supermarket was exactly how they remembered it. “It has been over a decade and with the D.C. area having so many changes over the years I was glad this supermarket survived,” they said.
The image still hangs on the bulletin board next to their bed.
The photo — a reminder of what was and may still be — was done as part of “Windows From Prison,” a huge initiative that the cultural organizer Mark Strandquist started in 2012. They have posed the same question to hundreds of prisoners who had been convicted as juveniles in the Washington area but were later dispersed to federal prisons nationwide.
Photo
It grew from “Write Home Soon,” a continuing project, which asks people to create postcards portraying a place they have lost. Mr. Strandquist thought incarcerated youth would be a good addition, so they reached out to Free Minds, a Washington-based nonprofit group that teaches incarcerated teenagers literature and creative writing. When they saw the work produced by the teenagers, they were inspired to propose an entirely new project to the executive directors of Free Minds.
Mr. Strandquist started to think about the power of words as a means to describe a scene. Then they began to think about their own background in documentary photography, a field they no longer practiced because they felt there was little reward for their subjects.
“From the beginning, it was incredibly important that the project strive to generate a new kind of prison photography,” they said.
There was also the issue of security limitations.
“I thought, if we can't bring cameras into the prison, we have to ask people to respond to a prompt,” they said.
Since then, Mr. Strandquist's project has brought thousands of inmates together with law clinics, universities and photographers across the country. In early versions of the project, all the images were photographed and mailed back. But the project has since expanded.
Photo
This spring, they worked with students from the Duke Ellington School of the Arts in Washington. They would take students to each of the prisoners' requested sites to sketch out the composition with digital cameras, then return to the classroom and decide on one image. The students returned to the site, this time with a medium-format film camera to shoot the final scene.
“Working that way slows down the process,” Mr. Strandquist said. “It's not about the decisive moments.”
Last April, they printed the images alongside the inmates' letters on 12×9-foot banners and set up a large installation in the public square at George Mason University in Fairfax, Va. They placed the banners around a central stage where for several days, debates, lectures and public sessions on prison reform and mass incarceration were held. Additionally, teenagers and adults from Free Minds currently in the re-entry process read poetry.
Mr. Strandquist hopes that by engaging the public, they can create a dialogue that helps shatter some common notions about prisoners and raise awareness about mass incarceration, a relevant issue because the United States has the world's highest incarceration rate. With 2.2 million adults (or one in every 100 adults) in prison or jail, the United States accounts for just under a quarter of the entire world's prisoners.
Brett Dignam is a clinical professor of law at Columbia University, where they are also the director of the Mass Incarceration Clinic.
“You don't understand this problem until you are sitting opposite a table of a prisoner,” they said. “A lot of my students come in with preconceived notions of these horrible violent people, but they are brought up in different neighborhoods or they have different luck, but they are all the same age as my students.”
Photo
Ms. Dignam said of Mr. Strandquist's work, “To give them a pictorial representation of the outside world, to respond to a prisoner's individual request, is really something huge.”
Kenneth Brewster — K.B. to those who know them — has been incarcerated since June 2005 for first-degree murder, and they will not be released from prison until 2062. “At least that's what the paper reads,” said Mr. Brewster, 26. “Hope is highly addictive.”
Last year, they received the Windows From Prison query.
“It allowed my incarcerated mind to wander for a moment, to dig deep in the past and remember what's now behind me,” they said. “It brought sadness, but gave me more joy to be able to remember and know how beautiful life can be.”
Mr. Brewster chose a view from their home on Oliver Street Northeast (Slide 9). They still remember the day they received the photograph. “It was in a regular envelope, it wasn't embellished with designs or enclosed in a package as if it were Christmas,” they said.
Initially they thought it was a notice about a coming event. Then they opened the envelope and saw the photo.
“People were walking around, the streets were littered with cars and … the sun was cast over the buildings,” they said. “I could tell that it was around 3:30 p.m. It was beautiful. I sat there staring at it for almost an hour dreaming and remembering when life was simple and carefree.”
Follow @Rena_Silverman and @nytimesphoto on Twitter. Lens is also on Facebook.
On June 7, Bernie Sanders' insurgent campaign for the Democratic party's nomination effectively ended with a defeat in the California primary at the hands of Hillary Clinton. Almost a month later, the Vermont Senator still walks around with a very visible reminder that they have not officially dropped out of the race: Their Secret Service protection.
In 2008, then-Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan testified that costs reached around $37,000 to $38,000 a day to protect each presidential candidate, and that number could rise to about $44,000 as the campaign "tempo" increased.
While the Secret Service declined to comment on how much that number is today, using $40,000 per day as a conservative estimate for how much it costs to protect a presidential candidate, Sanders has cost taxpayers about $1.1 million dollars since Clinton declared victory on June 7, as of July 5.
With the Democratic National Convention scheduled to kick off in Philadelphia on July 25, that could bring the total to about $1.9 million in Secret Service protection in between Clinton's presumptive nomination and the beginning of the formal nominating process.
Sanders has come close to admitting their campaign is all but over, telling NBC News that "it doesn't appear that I'm gonna be the nominee." Nevertheless, they have not formally conceded, preferring to technically remain an active candidate as they take their delegates and progressive agenda to Philadelphia and a fight for their issues on the party's platform.
In between the end of the campaign trail and beginning of the convention, Sanders has returned to their regular work in the Senate. But they have drawn ire in Congress for continuing to walk around with a Secret Service entourage. One colleague in the Senate reportedly told CNN, very bluntly, that "Bernie's on an ego kick."
This cycle has already seen a record appropriation of funds for the protection of presidential candidates. All told, the Secret Service was allocated $203.68 million in the 2016 fiscal year for presidential candidate protection, almost double the $113 appropriated for presidential candidate protection in 2012.
Sanders' communications director Michael Briggs declined to comment on matters of security.
Many voters were desperate for the protection offered by a pinky finger dipped in red ink, evidence that they had voted.
“I just wanted the ink for security reasons,” said MacDonald, 33, a man who voted in a ramshackle Harare suburb and did not want their comments accompanied by their last name. “I fear victimization from the ZANU-PF militia. It is obvious they will come door to door. If they see you do not have the red ink, they will know you are for the opposition.”
Friday's election, denounced as a sham by many leaders across Africa and throughout the world, was a woeful event in a woebegone nation, afflicted by sinister violence and an economy that has plunged most everyone into penury. The vote was a marked contrast to the election that took place here in March, when optimism tinged the air and people stood in long lines, chatting and joking, welcoming the chance to partake in democracy.
By the official count, Mr. Tsvangirai won that vote over Mr. Mugabe, 48 percent to 43 percent. The 84-year-old president, who has led Zimbabwe since it won independence in 1980, seemed on the ropes.
But the lack of a majority required a runoff, and that is when, according to human rights groups, ZANU-PF began a brass-knuckled approach in preparation for the second round. During the campaign of terror, dozens of Mr. Tsvangirai's supporters have been killed, thousands have been wounded and tens of thousands have been displaced from their homes, civic groups, doctors and relief agencies say.
As the runoff approached, voters — especially those in rural areas — were warned to vote for Mr. Mugabe or else. Ben Freeth, a commercial farmer near the town of Chegutu in the province of Mashonaland West, said dozens of their workers had been taken away for all-night vigils called pungwe sessions.
“Sleep deprivation is a big part of it,” Mr. Freeth said. “They're made to chant slogans, and anyone deemed an opposition supporter is singled out and beaten with sticks in front of the rest. They're told that everyone in the group has to vote for Mugabe or their heads will be chopped off.”
Photo
As Friday's vote went on, and as more stories of intimidation became known, Mr. Tsvangirai called a news conference. “What is happening today is not an election,” they protested. “It is an exercise in mass intimidation with people all over the country being forced to vote.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And yet the coercion, while common, was not all-pervasive.
In Harare and Bulawayo, the two largest cities, the turnout was light at most polling places, with election workers often outnumbering the voters.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In Kambuzuma, a suburb of Harare, only five voters arrived during the first two hours. “I don't see the logic of going to vote when there is only one candidate,” said a man too afraid to give their name, adding, “I can't legitimize an illegitimate process.”
Many Tsvangirai supporters tried to have things both ways, voting in order to stay safe and yet somehow marring their ballot so it would not count.
In Mpopma, a Bulawayo suburb, there was also a parliamentary race. “People tried to take the parliamentary paper and refuse the presidential one, and if they were forced to take the presidential ballot they spoiled it by voting for both candidates,” said Lenox Mhlanga, the information director for Bulawayo Agenda, a coalition of civic groups.
On Friday, the Group of 8 nations, meeting in Kyoto, Japan, lambasted Zimbabwe's government, and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said the United Nations Security Council may consider fresh sanctions against it next week.
The leaders of several African states, including Botswana, Kenya, Tanzania and Zambia, have also condemned Mr. Mugabe's use of election-season violence.
In remarks published Friday in The Herald, the state-run newspaper, Mr. Mugabe seemed offended at the accusations. But rather than denying the abuses, they suggested that everything is relative.
“Some African countries have done worse things,” they said, adding that when they went to meetings of the African Union next week in Egypt they would dare other heads of state to deny this fact. “I would like some African leaders who are making these statements to point at me and we would see if those fingers would be cleaner than mine.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Oddly, when Friday's election results are announced, the tally may prove an embarrassment to Mr. Mugabe. They could win by too much. “They'll have to give Tsvangirai at least 30 percent to make things look realistic,” said Mike Davies, the chairperson of the Combined Harare Residents Association, one of the nation's largest civic groups.
“That'll be one of the bizarre ironies of the situation here,” they said. “ZANU will have to rejigger the results from the frightened masses, taking votes from themselves.”
Disappointment at the U.N.
The United Nations Security Council expressed disappointment on Friday that the elections had not been delayed, but members failed to agree on a more strongly worded condemnation.
The American ambassador, Zalmay Khalilzad, speaking as the Council's monthly president, called the elections a “sham” and expressed “deep regret” that they went ahead under the current circumstances.
They said that if conditions did not change, the American government would push for sanctions. Informal consultations with other Council members had already begun about sanctions, diplomats said.
Drew Angerer/The New York Times
Senator Joseph I. Lieberman will announce on Wednesday that they will not seek a fifth term, according to a person they told of their decision.
Mr. Lieberman, whose term is up in 2012, chose to retire rather than risk being defeated, said the person, who spoke to the senator on Tuesday.
“I don't think they wanted to go out feet first,” the person said.
A longtime Democrat who lost a bitter primary battle to Ned Lamont in 2006, Mr. Lieberman won re-election as an independent that year, largely benefiting from a weak showing by the Republican candidate, who received less than 10 percent of the vote.
But Linda McMahon, the wealthy pro-wrestling tycoon who spent $50 million on an unsuccessful Senate race last year, has already signaled they may run again in 2012.
Aides to Mr. Lieberman were in Stamford late Tuesday making preparations for their announcement on Wednesday.
One aide, speaking on condition of anonymity ahead of the announcement, said Mr. Lieberman arrived at their decision around Thanksgiving but postponed revealing their decision until after the legislative effort that culminated in the repeal of the “don't ask, don't tell” ban on gays in the military – an effort in which Mr. Lieberman played a central role.
Mr. Lieberman's decision comes as potential challengers start to emerge. On Tuesday, the state's former Democratic secretary of state, Susan Bysiewicz, announced on their Facebook page that they intended to run for Senate next year.
A person close to Representative Christopher Murphy, a three-term Democrat from Connecticut, said they were considering a run for Mr. Lieberman's Senate seat and would announce their intentions in the coming weeks.
Sydney FC will be boosted with some big names returning in Round 9, while Newcastle Jets' depth will be put to the test with injuries causing Ernie Merrick some headaches.
Here's all the squad news ahead of this weekend's action.
Friday, 1 December 2017
Adelaide United v Sydney FC
Coopers Stadium, Adelaide
Kick-Off: 7:20 PM (Local) (7:50 PM AEDT)
Referee: Peter Green
ADELAIDE UNITED
Ins: 6.Vince LIA (returns from injury), 24.Jordan O'DOHERTY (promoted), 25.Apostolos STAMATELOPOULOS (promoted), 28.Kristin KONSTANDOPOULOS (promoted)
Outs: 4.Ben WARLAND (not selected), 19.Ben GARUCCIO (suspended - 1 week)
Unavailable: 2.Michael MARRONE (suspended - 1 week), 5.Taylor REGAN (ankle - 2-3 weeks), 11.Johan ABSALONSEN (thigh - 2 weeks), 21.Tarek ELRICH (knee - long term)
SYDNEY FC
Ins: 7.Michael ZULLO (return from injury), 10.Milos NINKOVIC (return from injury), 21. Charles LOKOLINGOY (promoted).
Outs: 18.Matt SIMON (suspended – 1 week)
Unavailable: 23.Rhyan GRANT (knee – indefinite)
Adelaide United Squad: 1.Daniel MARGUSH (gk), 6.Vince LIA, 7.Ryan KITTO, 8.ISAÍAS (c), 9.Baba DIAWARA, 10.Karim MATMOUR, 12.Mark OCHIENG, 14.George BLACKWOOD, 16.Nathan KONSTANDOPOULOS, 17.Nikola MILEUSNIC, 20.Paul IZZO (gk), 22.Ersan GÜLÜM, 23.Jordan ELSEY, 24.Jordan O'DOHERTY, 25.Apostolos STAMATELOPOULOS, 28.Kristin KONSTANDOPOULOS, 29.Ryan STRAIN, 37.Daniel ADLUNG
**two to be omitted**
Sydney FC Squad: 1.Andrew REDMAYNE (gk), 4.Alex WILKINSON, 5.Jordy BUIJS, 6.Josh BRILLANTE, 7.Michael ZULLO, 8.Paulo RETRE, 9.BOBÔ, 10.Milos NINKOVIC, 11.Adrian MIERZEJEWSKI, 13.Brandon O'NEILL, 14.Alex BROSQUE (c), 16.Anthony KALIK, 17.David CARNEY, 19. Chris ZUVELA, 21. Charles LOKOLINGOY, 22.Seb RYALL, 26.Luke WILKSHIRE, 30.Tom HEWARD-BELLE (gk)
**two to be omitted**
Ninkovic returns from injury
Saturday, 2 December 2017
Western Sydney Wanderers FC v Brisbane Roar FC
ANZ Stadium, Sydney Olympic Park
Kick-Off: 5:35 PM (Local) (5:35 PM AEDT)
Referee: Adam Fielding
WESTERN SYDNEY WANDERERS
Ins: 3.Jack CLISBY (promoted), 7.Steven LUSTICA (returns from injury), 22.Jonathon ASPROPOTAMITIS (promoted)
Outs: 18.Robbie CORNTHWAITE (suspended – 1 match)
Unavailable: 1.Jerrad TYSON (gk) (shoulder), 25.Chris HERD (overseas)
BRISBANE ROAR
Ins: 4.Daniel BOWLES (returns from injury), 5.Corey BROWN (returns from injury), 11.Corey GAMEIRO (promoted), 33.Petros SKAPETIS (promoted)
Outs: 6.Avram PAPADOPOULOS (suspended), 10.Brett HOLMAN (knock – 1 week)
Unavailable: 1.Michael THEO (gk) (finger – 2 weeks), 3.Luke DEVERE (knee – 10 weeks), 7.Thomas KRISTENSEN (hamstring – 1-2 weeks), 13.Jade NORTH (groin – 1 week), 20.Shannon BRADY (broken foot – TBC)
Western Sydney Wanderers FC Squad: 3.Jack CLISBY, 4.Josh RISDON, 5.Brendan HAMILL, 6.Jacob MELLING, 7.Steven LUSTICA, 8.Roly BONEVACIA, 9.Oriol RIERA, 10.Alvaro CEJUDO, 11.Brendon SANTALAB, 14.Jumpei KUSKAMI, 15.Kearyn BACCUS, 16.Jaushua SOTIRIO, 19.Mark BRIDGE, 20.Vedran JANJETOVIC (gk), 22.Jonathon ASPROPOTAMITIS, 24.Raul LLORENTE, 30.John HALL (gk), 33.Michael THWAITE
**two to be omitted**
Brisbane Roar FC squad: 2.Dane INGHAM, 4.Daniel BOWLES, 5.Corey BROWN, 8.Jacob PEPPER, 9.Massimo MACCARONE, 11.Corey GAMEIRO, 14.Fahid BEN KHALFALLAH, 16.Mitchell OXBORROW, 17.Matt MCKAY (c), 18.Joe CALETTI, 19.Jack HINGERT, 21.Jamie YOUNG(gk), 22.Eric BAUTHEAC, 24.Connor O'TOOLE, 26.Nick D'AGOSTINO, 31.Brendan WHITE(gk), 33.Petros SKAPETIS, 77.Ivan FRANJIC
**two to be omitted**
Clisby and Lustica in the selection mix
Saturday, 2 December 2017
Newcastle Jets v Melbourne City FC
McDonald Jones Stadium, Newcastle
Kick-Off: 7:50 PM (Local) (7:50 PM AEDT)
Referee: Shaun Evans
NEWCASTLE JETS
Ins: 18.Johnny KOUTROUMBIS (promoted), 22.Lachlan JACKSON
Outs: 10.Wayne BROWN (calf – TBC), 17.Daniel GEORGIEVSKI (knee – 2 weeks)
Unavailable: 1.Jack DUNCAN (foot – 6 weeks), 8.Ronald VARGAS (ankle – indefinite), 9.Roy O'DONOVAN (groin – 2 weeks)
MELBOURNE CITY
Ins: 12.Braedyn CROWLEY (promoted), 14.Daniel ARZANI (promoted), 21.Ruon TONGYIK (promoted)
Outs: 6.Osama MALIK (suspended - 1 week)
Unavailable: 23.Bruno FORNAROLI (ankle), 9.Marcelo CARRUSCA (calf)
Newcastle Jets Squad: 3.Jason HOFFMAN, 4.Nigel BOOGAARD, 5.Ben KANTAROVSKI, 6.Steven UGARKOVIC, 7.Dimitri PETRATOS, 12.Mario SHABOW, 13.Ivan VUJICA, 15.Andrew NABBOUT, 16.Nick COWBURN, 18.Johnny KOUTROUMBIS, 19.Kosta PETRATOS, 20.Glenn MOSS (gk), 22.Lachlan JACKSON, 24.Joe CHAMPNESS, 30.Ivan NECEVSKI (gk), 44.Nikolai TOPOR-STANLEY
Melbourne City FC Squad: 1.Dean BOUZANIS (gk), 2.Manny MUSCAT, 3.Scott JAMIESON, 5.Bart SCHENKEVELD, 7.Nick FITZGERALD, 8.Neil KILKENNY, 11.Bruce KAMAU, 12.Braedyn CROWLEY, 13.Stefan MAUK, 14.Daniel ARZANI, 17.Tim CAHILL, 18.Eugene GALEKOVIC (gk), 21.Ruon TONGYIK, 22.Michael JAKOBSEN, 25.Iacopo LA ROCCA, 26.Luke BRATTAN, 27.Marcin BUDZINSKI, 44.Ross McCORMACK
**two to be omitted**
Tongyik promoted for City
Sunday, 3 December 2017
Wellington Phoenix v Melbourne Victory
Westpac Stadium, Wellington
Kick-Off: 4:30 PM (Local) (2:30 PM AEDT)
Referee: Chris Beath
WELLINGTON PHOENIX
Ins: 14.Alex RUFER (promoted), 19.Tom DOYLE (promoted)
Outs: Nil
Unavailable: 6.Dylan Fox (hamstring – 1 week)
MELBOURNE VICTORY
Ins: 7.Kenny ATHIU (promoted), 16.Josh HOPE (promoted), 19.Pierce WARING (promoted)
Outs: 5.Mark MILLIGAN (suspended – 1 week)
Unavailable: 11.Mitch AUSTIN (knee), 17.James DONACHIE (quad
Wellington Phoenix Squad: 1.Lewis ITALIANO (gk), 2.Daniel MULLEN, 3.Scott GALLOWAY, 4.Goran PARACKI, 7.Gui FINKLER, 8.Dario VIDOSIC, 9.Andrija KALUDEROVIC, 10.Michael MCGLINCHEY, 11.Hamish WATSON, 12.Adam PARKHOUSE, 13.Marco ROSSI, 14.Alex RUFER, 16.Ali ABBAS, 19.Tom DOYLE, 21.Roy KRISHNA, 22.Andrew DURANTE (c), 23.MATTHEW RIDENTON, 30.Keegan SMITH (gk)
**two to be omitted**
Melbourne Victory squad: 1.Matt ACTON (gk), 2.Jason GERIA, 4.Rhys WILLIAMS, , 6.Leigh BROXHAM, 7.Kenny ATHIU, 8.Besart BERISHA, 9.Kosta BARBAROUSES, 10.James TROISI, 14.Thomas DENG, 16.Josh HOPE, 18.Matias SANCHEZ, 19. Pierce WARING, 20.Lawrence THOMAS (gk), 21.Carl VALERI (c), 22.Stefan NIGRO, 23.Jai INGHAM, 31.Christian THEOHAROUS, 41.Leroy GEORGE
**two to be omitted**
Rufer has been promoted
Sunday, 3 December 2017
Central Coast Mariners v Perth Glory
Central Coast Stadium, Gosford
Kick-Off: 5:00 PM (Local) (5:00 PM AEDT)
Referee: Kris Griffiths-Jones
Ins: 9.ASDRUBAL (return from injury), 17.Josh BINGHAM (promoted)
Outs: nil
Unavailable: 2.Storm ROUX (ankle injury – 1 week), 3.Josh ROSE (calf injury – 1 week)
CENTRAL COAST MARINERS
Ins: 9.ASDRUBAL (return from injury), 17.Josh BINGHAM (promoted)
Outs: nil
Unavailable: 2.Storm ROUX (ankle injury – 1 week), 3.Josh ROSE (calf injury – 1 week)
PERTH GLORY
Ins: 24.Callum TIMMINS (promoted)
Outs: Nil
Unavailable: 25.Daniel STYNES (hamstring – 1-2 weeks), 7.Joel CHIANESE (collar bone – 1-2 weeks), 3.Marc WARREN (ankle – 4-5 weeks), 22.Adam TAGGART (hamstring – 2-3 weeks), 17.Diego CASTRO (calf – 1-2 weeks), 18. Andreu GUERAO (calf – 1-2 weeks), 23.Scott NEVILLE (groin – 2-3 weeks)
Central Coast Mariners Squad: 1.Ben KENNEDY (gk), 4.Jake McGING, 5.Antony GOLEC, 6.Tom HIARIEJ, 7.Andrew HOOLE, 8.Blake POWELL, 9.ASDRUBAL, 10.Daniel De SILVA, 11.Connor PAIN, 12.Trent BUHAGIAR, 13.Kwabena APPIAH, 14.Adam BERRY, 15.Alan BARO (c), 16. Liam ROSE, 17.Josh BINGHAM, 20.Adam PEARCE (gk), 21.Kye ROWLES, 23.Wout BRAMA
**two to be omitted**
Perth Glory Squad: 2.Alex GRANT, 4.Shane LOWRY, 5.Jacob POSCOLIERO, 6.Mitch NICHOLS, 8.Xavi TORRES, 9.Andy KEOGH (c), 11. Mitch MALLIA, 13 Nick FEELY (gk), 14.Chris HAROLD, 15.Brandon WILSON, 16.Joseph MILLS, 19.Joe KNOWLES, 20.Jake BRIMMER, 24.Callum TIMMINS, 26.Jacob ITALIANO, 29.Jeremy WALKER, 33.Liam REDDY (gk)
**one to be omitted**
Cash was offered by five women to commuters at busy bus stations up and down the UK but an average of only eight people at each station, out of thousands of bus travellers, took up the offer.
Women wearing a sandwich board that read "Ask me to pay your bus fare and I will" were positioned at bus stations in Newcastle, Medway, Manchester, Perth and Leicester, but were mostly just ignored.
The experiment ran during morning rush hour each day for a week and just 38 people in total across the country accepted the offer.
When questioned, the minority who did eventually accept the free cash admitted they were reluctant at first because they thought the offer was too good to be true.
Those who did accept were generally teenagers, suggesting that the older we get, the more cynical of goodwill gestures we become.
Results showed that 69pc of Brits were too suspicious to accept offers of goodwill and also felt rewards and freebies are often too good to be true, while only 23pc of people thought it possible to get something for nothing.
The research was conducted by Ice, a loyalty scheme which rewards customers with Ice points for spending on eco-friendly goods and services.
Jude Thorne, Chief Executive Officer of Ice, said: "Our experiment shows that as a nation, we simply don't accept the notion of genuine bargains, discounts and offers with no catch, despite admitting that difficult times are forcing us to seek them out actively."
The company teamed up with Arriva UK Bus and Stagecoach Bus to offer free points redeemable against future purchases for customers who book their tickets online.
Footage from the experiment in action in Manchester can be viewed at: www.youtube.com/user/MyIceChannel/videos.
WATCH: ICBC released a list of its top fraudsters of 2014 and Leslie Dickson joined Global News to discuss a couple of the best examples.
VANCOUVER – ICBC says the majority of their customers are truthful, but every year they encounter some customers who try to cheat the system.
Last year, the company's two special investigation units forwarded 131 charges to Crown against 100 people, maintaining their average conviction rate of about 90 per cent per year.
ICBC estimates 10 to 15 per cent of insurance claims contain some element of fraud or exaggeration.
It has released its top 6 fraud cases from 2014 and some may surprise you.
The coverage conspiracy
A customer with only basic insurance and an expired driver's licence rear-ended another vehicle. The customer asked the driver in the other vehicle to tell ICBC the crash happened a day later so they could buy optional insurance, which would cover the damage to their vehicle. The other driver refused. The underinsured customer then bought optional insurance on their way home from the crash, despite telling ICBC they went straight home after the crash when reporting the claim. Using the other driver's statement to ICBC and time-stamped insurance transaction data, ICBC denied them claim. The underinsured driver was on the hook for the cost to repair both vehicles, which was more than $7,400.
The telltale airbag
A customer who was prohibited from driving claimed their vehicle had been stolen at the time it was involved in a three-vehicle crash. Forensic testing of residue on the vehicle's driver-side airbag revealed a DNA match to the customer and proved they were in fact the driver at the time of the crash. The customer was found guilty of providing a false statement relating to an ICBC claim under the Insurance Vehicle Act, fined $1,000 and ordered to pay ICBC back more than $18,000 in claims costs and total loss payments paid out for the other two vehicles involved in the crash.
The torched lemon
A customer reported their truck was stolen at a movie theatre. The vehicle was recovered, burnt. A vehicle inspection showed the burnt truck had serious mechanical problems, contrary to what the customer told ICBC. Further investigation into the customer's cellphone records revealed that they were at the scene where the burnt vehicle was found. The customer pled guilty to providing a false statement relating to an ICBC claim under the Insurance Vehicle Act, fined $4,000 and ordered to pay ICBC back more than $3,000 for investigative and claims costs.
The hit-and-run victim
A customer told ICBC their Honda Civic was parked outside their home when it was struck by an unknown vehicle that fled the scene. Damage to the customer's vehicle was not consistent with a hit-and-run and paint flecks matching the customer's Honda Civic were actually found embedded in a vehicle from another hit-and-run claim. When confronted with these pieces of evidence, the driver of the Honda Civic admitted to making a false claim, as they had in fact fled the crash scene after their vehicle struck another. The customer was found guilty of providing a false statement relating to an ICBC claim under the Insurance Vehicle Act, fined $1,000 and ordered to pay ICBC back more than $5,600 in claims costs and repair costs to the vehicles.
The traveller's tale
A woman was a passenger in a vehicle that was rear-ended and told ICBC they had a long-term injury from the crash, including ongoing neck pain and headaches. ICBC's special investigation unit found a blog by the injured passenger chronicling a six-month motorcycle trip through South America that included drives on extremely rough terrain, showing their injuries weren't as severe as they claimed. This claim went to trial and the customer was awarded just $12,000 by the judge—two-thirds less than she'd originally asked for.
The ill-thought impersonation
A Vancouver police officer observed a driver talking on their cellphone while driving and pulled them over to discover the driver had received a 90-day driving prohibition two days earlier. The driver was charged with driving while prohibited, ticketed for driving while using a cellphone and received a one-year driving prohibition. Undeterred, the customer next obtained an interim driver's licence using a friend's identity and transferred their vehicle into their friend's name. Using facial recognition software, ICBC identified the prohibited driver as impersonating their friend. The driver pled guilty to impersonation, a Criminal Code offence, and was ordered to pay a $2,500 fine and a $375 victim surcharge fee.
You can report suspicious, exaggerated or fraudulent claims to ICBC's fraud tips line at 604-661-6844 or 1-800-661-6844.
There are few better ways to uncover fraud in an industry than to incentivize insiders to blow the whistle on wrongdoing. And a little known part of Dodd-Frank did just that for the securities industry, creating a new whistleblower program run by the SEC that can bestow huge rewards on anyone who brings to light evidence of fraud that results in a settlement.
The law is now in it third year of operation, and evidence is mounting that it's really working. And why wouldn't it work: If there is one thing that Wall Street types care about it's money, and so dangling fat carrots before this crowd was brilliant as a way to expose illegality.
According to a new report by the SEC, that agency has received over 6,500 tips and complaints by would-be whistleblowers, with the number of complaints steadily climbing since the law went into effect. Nearly $15 million was paid out last year in whistleblower bounty.
Of course, the ultimate impact of the law will never be measurable -- which is its deterrent effect. Because of the law, any bank executive or trader or mortgage broker or anyone engaged in fraud will have to take the risk of a colleague turning on them to collect a reward.
That's significant, since most financial frauds are complex and involve multiple people.
The best evidence of how well whistleblower laws work comes from the defense industry, which used to be drenched in fraud. Today, while that industry is still very wasteful, we haven't seen the kind of procurement scandals that used to be commonplace.
Frankly, it's hard to imagine a scandal-free finance sector given what we've seen over the past 15 years. But if this sector does significantly clean up its act, the new SEC whistleblower program will be one reason why.
Gonzales v. Carhart continues to be the single greatest jurisprudential threat to Roe v. Wade and abortion rights. And the severity of that threat is once again playing out in states across the country.
Even Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy, no friend to abortion rights, noted the increasingly holographic nature of “choice” in this country during oral arguments in Whole Woman's Health, when they expressed concern that Texas was the one state in the country where earlier medication abortions were declining, due in part to the lack of abortion clinics in much of the state.
Steve Rhodes / Flickr
When the U.S. Supreme Court in Gonzales v. Carhart upheld the federal “partial-birth abortion” ban, a law that criminalizes a form of later abortion known as intact dilation and extraction terminations (D and X), the Court lit a dangerous path. The product of an escalating anti-choice campaign in the states to roll back abortion access—much like the one we're witnessing today, nine years after the decision—the federal law provides no exception for the health of the patient. And conservatives ​today​ are using the precedent of false choice set by Gonzales to chip away at reproductive rights even further.
The conservative majority of the Supreme Court reasoned in 2007 that the D and X ban posed no undue burden on abortion rights because if a patient needed a later abortion, they still had the option of other procedures, including the more common dilation and evacuation (D and E). Or they could seek an earlier abortion, the Court said.
These were radical statements for the justices to make. To begin with, Gonzales set the dangerous precedent of upholding a pre-viability abortion ban that contained no health exception for the patient, in direct contradiction to Roe v. Wade. The 2007 decision also questioned whether a health exception to any procedure was ever necessary to begin with, leaving open the possibility for challenges to other forms of abortion procedures or even full-on abortion bans. Finally, the Court grounded its decision in the ultimate straw-man argument in abortion politics: that patients in need will always have other “choices” available to them. Worst of all, the conservative majority perpetuated this argument while in the midst of the fallout of culture wars of the 1990s, which included the stated purpose of re-criminalizing abortion altogether.
In those ways, Gonzales continues to be the single greatest jurisprudential threat to Roe v. Wade and abortion rights. And the severity of that threat is once again playing out in states across the country.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
Later this summer, the Kansas Supreme Court will hear arguments in a case challenging SB 95, the state's ban on so-called dismemberment abortions—the very D and E procedure relied upon by the Gonzales Court as an available alternative when it upheld the federal “partial-birth abortion” ban. Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback (R) signed the measure in April 2015, but the measure remains blocked by the courts.
D and E abortions are the safest and most common form of later abortion available to patients, and they are also the most recent target by anti-choice advocates to end abortion rights. Kansas was the first to try and outlaw D and E abortions, but other conservative-led states have been quick to follow. One week after Brownback signed SB 95, Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin (R) signed a similar restriction into law. That measure was also blocked in state court. Lawmakers tried, but failed, to pass a similar measure in West Virginia.
Meanwhile Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant (R) signed an identical measure into law just last week.
Should these measures eventually end up in front of the Supreme Court—and we are a long way from that happening at this point, so let's be clear here—by the Court's logic in Gonzales, those restrictions would not constitute an undue burden given the “availability” of other abortion methods, including medication abortions. Never mind that medication abortion is only used up to ten weeks' gestation, meaning that such restrictions make second-trimester abortion broadly unavailable.
And medication abortion itself is not a guarantee. So far, 37 states have put some kind of restriction on the dispensing or use of medications to induce abortion. Oklahoma tried to outlaw the practice entirely. And with states like Arkansas, North Dakota, and now Alabama trying to whittle down the window of fetal viability earlier and earlier—many arguing that it begins at conception—the “availability” of medication abortions for earlier terminations, or of any abortions at all, is increasingly becoming theory rather than practice. Attorneys defending pre-viability bans in North Dakota and Arkansas have gone so far as to argue the “choice” offered to patients needing abortion care is to carry their pregnancies to term and then simply hand over any baby from a live birth to the state.
Meanwhile, the country waits for the Roberts Court to issue its ruling in Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt, a case challenging portions of a Texas law that is designed to close reproductive health clinics, but whose supporters promote “patient safety.” Since its enactment, the Texas law has decimated abortion access in the state. It has closed all but a handful of clinics in the state, forcing patients to travel out of state for health care or pushing them into more expensive, later abortions—such as the procedures Oklahoma, Kansas, and Mississippi are trying to outlaw.
In other words, access is being restricted on both ends of the timeline, leaving no room in the middle for patients to actually get care.
The Texas law also inspired dozens of copycats across the country, leaving states like Mississippi with its only abortion clinic open via court order and clinics in Wisconsin, Alabama, and elsewhere waiting daily to see if they can remain open pending a decision from the Roberts Court.
And this is the legacy of Gonzales. Nine years later, anti-choice lawmakers in states across the country push more abortion restrictions under the guise that patient “choice” remains, when increasingly the opposite is true. Even Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy, no friend to abortion rights, noted the increasingly holographic nature of “choice” in this country during oral arguments in Whole Woman's Health, when they expressed concern that Texas was the one state in the country where earlier medication abortions were declining, due in part to the lack of abortion clinics in much of the state.
I'm not willing to go so far as to suggest that we've reached a tipping point for the Roberts Court's anti-choice conservatives in the attack on reproductive autonomy in this country. But if even Justice Kennedy shows discomfort at the deceptions the anti-choice community has employed in devastating abortion access while at the same time promoting the idea of “choice,” then perhaps not all hope is lost that the jurisprudential siege on Roe and abortion rights will soon recede.
In GNOME 3.0, we're defaulting to suspending the computer when the user shuts the lid, and not providing any preferences combobox to change this. This is what the UI designers for GNOME 3.0 want, and is probably a step in the right direction. We really can't keep working around bugs in the kernel with extra UI controls.
This will upset people who are docked or using a laptop for a presentation with a projector. Worry not! If you have more than one active screen connected to the machine, then we're going to just disable the internal screen and not suspend until the second screen is removed.
This will upset some macbook owners if they connect a projector and then shut the lid. Some macbook laptops overheat when the lid is closed and not suspended, leaving the owner with a hot white glooopy mess when they finish their presentation. This is something we can do something about, but I need the help of the community to work out what makes and models need to be blacklisted.
If you own a laptop that gets very hot and starts to smell like hot plastic if you shut the lid without suspending, please send me the output of dmidecode and I'll add the entry into upower. Thanks.
EDIT: Comments are now closed. Please see this entry from Allan Day.
Fiery pepper may hold key to easing pain Chemical kills cells that transmit sensation to brain
WASHINGTON -- The dog hopped on three legs, pain from bone cancer so bad that they wouldn't let their afflicted fourth paw touch the floor. Their owner was bracing for euthanasia when scientists offered a novel experiment: They injected a fiery sap from a Moroccan plant into Scooter's spinal column -- and the dog frolicked on all fours again for several months.
The chemical destroyed nerve cells that sensed pain from Scooter's cancer, not helping the tumor but apparently making them no longer really feel it.
The dramatic effect in dogs has researchers from the National Institutes of Health preparing to test the chemical in people whose pain from advanced cancer is unrelieved by even the strongest narcotics.
The first human study could begin by next year, at the NIH's Bethesda, Md., hospital. A second study in pain-ridden dogs is slated for this summer at the University of Pennsylvania.
If the research pans out, it might one day offer doctors, and veterinarians, a desperately needed new approach to attack intractable pain. And it's from an unlikely source, a more potent cousin of the chemical that makes chile peppers hot.
Why would a substance that feels as if it's burning a hole in your tongue -- yes, one researcher tasted it -- relieve pain, too?
This fiery chemical, called resiniferatoxin, or RTX, can poison certain nerve cells that control a type of heat-related, inflammatory pain, apparently eliminating one of the body's pain-sensing systems. Yet it doesn't seem to harm other nerves that sense, say, the sharp pain from stepping on a tack.
"The beauty of this is it just selectively targets," explained Dr. Andrew Mannes, an NIH anesthesiologist who specializes in pain management.
"If you live a long time, you need all your pain systems. There are people on morphine drips with really no other option." Eliminating one "seems like a good trade."
The discovery led government scientists to scour the hillsides of Morocco for the cactuslike plant and take the unusual step of essentially manufacturing an experimental drug from its sap.
Narcotics called opioids, such as morphine, are the mainstay of treatment for pain from late-stage cancer. But between 5 percent and 15 percent of patients -- anywhere from 40,000 to 100,000 Americans a year, Mannes estimates -- don't get relief. There's an urgent quest for novel options.
Michael Iadarola, a pharmacologist with NIH's National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research, was studying how nerve endings in the skin and other body parts move the "I'm hurting" message up to the brain. For cancer-caused pain, one route is through certain nerve cells, or neurons, in the spinal region that also carry a specific receptor controlling calcium flow. Too much calcium kills cells.
Capsaicin, that chile pepper chemical, stimulates this so-called vanilloid receptor to let in extra calcium.
But RTX, from a plant long known to cause skin rashes and other irritation, proved 1,000 times more potent. Touched to vanilloid-bearing neurons, RTX spurs a flood of calcium that shatters the cells' walls and quickly kills them.
Getting RTX to just the right cells requires an injection similar to the pain-relieving epidurals that women receive during childbirth, but deeper into the spinal column. Complicating matters, RTX temporarily burns before it deadens pain, so the injection requires general anesthesia.
RTX seemed to work in rats, but Iadarola needed more evidence.
Enter dogs, who get many human diseases and often react to human medicines just like people do, said Dr. Dorothy Brown, a Penn veterinary surgeon.
They injected RTX into 18 dogs with untreatable bone cancer pain. The next day, the dogs once again put weight on their diseased legs.
While all eventually were euthanized because of worsening cancer, their owners reported weeks, sometimes months, of playing and activity.
The main side effect so far: The dogs wake up panting heavily for a few hours. Presumably, they're flushed like people get after eating hot peppers. "When this is injected into people, they are going to sweat like a bear," until the RTX finishes working, Brown predicted.
Optimistic, the NIH is seeking a pharmaceutical company to take over developing the experimental drug. That may be a challenge: This would be a small market. Still, the Food and Drug Administration already has designated RTX a potential orphan drug, easing research requirements.
Regardless of industry interest, if RTX works in people like it seems to in dogs, "we'll go the distance ... and make it a medicine," Iadarola pledged.
One of the biggest current debates in Australia — around marriage equality — caused a government website to crash on Thursday.
The website for Australia's High Court was out of operation just minutes before the court handed down a decision over the legality of the federal government's same-sex marriage postal vote. And it's currently still out of action:
The outage came just moments before the High Court found that the government's postal vote is lawful, a green light which will enable the Australian Bureau of Statistics to send out a non-compulsory survey to enrolled Australians, asking the question: “Should the law be changed to allow same-sex couples to marry?”
It comes after two days of hearings at the High Court in Melbourne, unpacking whether the Australian government could lawfully use $122 million to implement a postal plebiscite on the matter of same-sex marriage.
The ruling has been one of the most anticipated decisions in Australia this week, so the crash comes as a minimal surprise. Members of the public, government and media alike awaited the decision on Thursday, with those outside the courtroom constantly checking the website for a result.
Australians will receive their postal survey after Sept. 12 and will have until Nov. 7 to mail it back to the ABS. Then, the survey results will be announced on Nov. 15, after which the issue will be voted upon in federal parliament.
BREAKING: High Court has decided Australia's marriage postal vote can go ahead. Here's the timeline for it. #auspol pic.twitter.com/xn5fhUqr93 — Sydney Mardi Gras (@sydneymardigras) September 7, 2017
The next few months will see furious campaigning from both sides. Several capital city councils, including the City of Sydney and City of Melbourne, have publicly engaged in marketing campaigns for the 'Yes' vote.
Rainbow banners brightening up our streets for #MarriageEquality 🏳️‍🌈
Pic: contactsheetgallery/IG pic.twitter.com/SYWOLDBfw8 — City of Sydney (@cityofsydney) August 29, 2017
The High Court's website was back up at 3.30pm on Thursday.
Three U.S. tech worker groups have launched a labor boycott of IBM, Infosys and Manpower, saying the companies have engaged in a pattern that discourages U.S. workers from applying for U.S. IT jobs by tailoring employment ads toward overseas workers.
The companies should look first for U.S. workers to fill U.S. IT jobs, said representatives of Bright Future Jobs, the Programmers Guild and WashTech.
With the boycott, the three groups want to raise awareness of discriminatory hiring practices and put pressure on the three companies to consider U.S. IT workers for U.S. jobs, said Donna Conroy, director of Bright Future Jobs.
The main goals of the boycott are "attention getting" and putting pressure on the IT staffing firms to change their practices, Conroy said. With IT staffing agencies competing to fill U.S. positions, the companies contracting for their services may want to consider if the staffing firm "has a good reputation," they said.
The boycott should also raise concerns about staffing firms violating equal employment laws, said Les French, president of WashTech. "In addition to calling attention to an illegal practice, we want to show there are valid challenges to the 'labor shortage' of STEM workers," French said in an email.
An Infosys spokesperson disputed the charges that it avoids recruiting U.S. IT workers.
"It is incorrect to allude that we exclude or discourage U.S. workers," they said by email. "Today, we are recruiting for over 440 active openings across 20 states in the U.S."
Many of the positions target people who have a U.S. master's degree in business administration for sales and management consultant jobs, they said. "The graduate hiring program is a key investment to strengthen our future leadership pool," they added. "Attracting the best and brightest talent is paramount to Infosys success."
The company's external job posts give "everyone an equal opportunity to apply," they added. The company supports several minority advocacy groups, they said.
Representatives from IBM and Manpower didn't respond to requests for comment on the boycott.
In some cases, a Manpower subsidiary has advertised for Indian IT workers to come to the U.S. for openings anticipated more than a year in advance, said Conroy, author of a white paper, released last week, that is focused on Manpower's IT recruitment efforts in India.
The advertisements in India are being placed even though "most Americans believe the nature of the tech industry is so fast-paced that staffing projections cannot be adequately foreseen," they said.
Meanwhile, Manpower is not advertising for U.S. IT positions on U.S. job portals, Conroy said. But if Manpower advertised in the U.S. using the same lead time it is using in India, it would give companies "plenty of time to seek Americans first."
In November 2013, Manpower subsidiary Experis IT India advertised in India for an OpenStack engineer for a U.S. position, Bright Future Jobs noted. "We are now hiring young, dynamic, skilled and experienced IT professionals from India to work with us in the U.S.," the ad said.
Other Experis IT India ads in late 2013 talked about the company filling out H-1B worker visa applications for job applicants, with one ad saying "all expenses related to your visa filing would be taken care of" by Manpower.
The three tech workers groups also plan to launch an educational effort aimed at helping U.S. tech workers recognize discriminatory job ads and questions during job interviews, Conroy said. "When people are educated, there will likely be more lawsuits" related to discriminatory employment practices, they said.
Rajiv Dabhadkar, the founder of the National Organization for Software and Technology Professionals, a national tech advocacy organization in India, said they support the boycott.
Indian employers show a "strong preference" for Indian IT workers, Dabhadkar said. They questioned why U.S. companies don't do the same thing.
The boycott "will protect the Indian foreign workers from the accusation of displacing Americans," they said. "Indians were not put on this earth to displace Americans, but Manpower's recruiting efforts show this is their plan."
Segregated recruiting opens the door to "unscrupulous agents" who make false promises to Indian IT workers, they added.
"The brokerage of intellectual capital drives down wages, and foreign workers are under paid," Dabhadkar said by email. "Multiple layers of broker agencies, that earn a per hour commission of their visa-sponsored employee creates a grey market."
Importing foreign workers to the U.S. as a commodity violates human rights, they added. "American employers gain competitive advantage and profitability by labor arbitrage, by paying low to their sponsored workers, and bidding high to their clients," Dabhadkar said.
Grant Gross covers technology and telecom policy in the U.S. government for The IDG News Service. Follow Grant on Twitter at GrantGross. Grant's email address is grant_gross@idg.com.
by Claire Stevens on November 17, 2017
When you venture to your bookstore or library, you will be confronted by a ubiquitous but useless fixture of our contemporary landscape, the modern novel. Unlike regular novels, these are of a vintage in the last thirty years and focus not on inner development of characters, but on finding ways to use introspection to rationalize decay as victor.
One of the things that bothers me about the modern novel is the lossâ€Šâ€”â€Šthe perversion, reallyâ€Šâ€”â€Šof the hero narrative. Classic literature centers around protagonists who are trying to transcend the baser aspects of themselves and fears that cripple their inner abilities; called “the fatal flaw,” these stumbling blocks thwart the heroes as they are trying to overcome obstacles and triumph. In classic literature, people undertake difficult tasks and in doing so, learn about themselves and opt to change themselves so that their flaws no longer hold them back from doing what is right and necessary.
In contrast, modern literature consists of stories of â€œheroesâ€ whose biggest obstacle is themselves but instead of trying to conquer their weaknesses, they embrace them and that is considered heroic and a victory. The modern novel is all about embracing and celebrating oneâ€™s dysfunction or fatal flaw. Nothing to overcome here except self-criticism, the biggest boogeyman of all for a modern protagonist. At the end of these stories, the protagonists are unchanged, but have found a way to “accept” or “celebrate” their dysfunctional lives after spending most of the book navel-gazing.
The thematic arc of classic literature and the heroâ€™s quest implies that there are standards and that success comes from overcoming our fears and becoming better people so that we can rise to those standards and not just be good, but get the most out of life. This is at odds with the Leftist/Liberal narrative that demands that there are no standards other than what we personally define and that there is nothing to overcome except our lack of acceptance of who we are. Because of the classic novelâ€™s implication that there are standards that are defined outside of oneâ€™s self, it is necessarily viewed as oppressive and must be eliminated. The modern novel hates the classic novel.
We might see these modern stories as parables of â€œdysfunction as virtueâ€ in which characters, instead of undergoing internal change, re-configure their external selves — sort of like interior decorating, but for the public personality, much as hipsters excel at — and then rationalize their inner confusion, immorality and decay as a sign of “depth” or tolerance. Almost all of these stories resemble rambling narratives of the fears and neuroses of the protagonist, then suddenly reach a point where it becomes clear that despite all of the exterior change in the life of that protagonist, nothing inner will change. The books then bash out a few homilies and repeat some trendy notions from self-help books, pop science and politics, and end.
As our publishing industry cranks out these modern rationalizations ad infinitum, producing endless next-big-things but no classics, it becomes clear that this approach to storytelling reflects a deeper philosophical divide. In modern society where everyone is equal, inner change is not just unnecessary, but risky. However, finding a way to rationalize your dysfunction as virtue and explain it as a quirky, interesting and nobly self-sacrifical lifestyle choice always goes over well with the people at your local organic brew pub.
The comparison of the modern novel to the crazed, nonsensical babblings of the left provides further insight. In both cases, the inner life of human beings is denied, and replaced with the notion that exterior re-configuration provides a greater meaning than learning to overcome our failings and become qualitatively better people. New quantities, or a changing of the surface behaviors and objects surrounding the individual, are preferred to improving the parts of the self that we are afraid to inspect, because in them lurk existential terrors and difficult moral, intellectual and historical questions.
Modern novels have never made anyone get closer to self-actualization, understanding of their world, or appreciation of the inner beauty of life itself. Like the products on store shelves or Hollywood movies, they are dramas of narcissism and attention-getting, designed to avoid and distract from the need to use some kind of self-discipline to make ourselves better people. Not surprisingly, the Left adopts a similar outlook, because when your goal is equality, the last thing you want to be to look at where we are fundamentally unequal.
Tags: classic novel, dysfunction as virtue, modern novel, neurosis, rationalization
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
ITHACA, N.Y. -- Former U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno and science educator Bill Nye have been appointed Frank H.T. Rhodes Class of '56 Professors at Cornell University beginning July 1. The professorships are awarded for a period of one to five years, and appointees are considered full members of the Cornell faculty. Nye and Reno each will serve three-year appointments.
During each year of their appointments, Rhodes professors visit the campus for a minimum of two weeks.
A 1960 Cornell graduate with a bachelor's degree in chemistry, Reno was the 2001 Senior Convocation speaker during the university's Commencement weekend in May. During their visit, they confirmed they are considering a run for the 2002 gubernatorial race in Florida. As attorney general for almost eight years during the administration of President Bill Clinton, Reno directed the world's largest justice and federal law-enforcement office. They were the first female attorney general as well as the longest serving attorney general since before the Civil War.
Nye, a 1977 graduate of Cornell's Sibley School of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, is best known for their weekly, half-hour television series, "Bill Nye the Science Guy," which was designed to promote the wonders of science to fourth-graders. With their trademark thumbs-up signal and the ubiquitous slogan "science rules," Nye taught their TV audience many of the concepts they learned as a Cornell engineering student. The show ended two years ago, and Nye now is working on their fifth book, serving as consultant with the environmental vehicle division at General Motors and appearing as a guest speaker in a variety of settings, among other activities.
The Rhodes Class of '56 chairs is overseen by the Cornell A.D. White Professors-at-Large Program. Architect Richard Meier, a 1956 Cornell alumnus, and biomedical scientist Edward M. Scolnick, president of Merck Research Laboratories, were appointed the inaugural Frank H.T. Rhodes Class of '56 Professors in 2000.
Microsoft is planning to distribute its free Windows 10 Creators Update on April 11th. The update will start rolling out to machines during the next Patch Tuesday, and Microsoft plans to release it gradually to existing devices. If you don't want to wait a couple of weeks, Microsoft is already hosting download images of the final Windows 10 Creators Update build (15063).
While the Creators Update was originally scheduled to include People integration and Windows Mixed Reality, these features have been pushed back for consumers until later this year. The Windows 10 Creators Update still includes a good number of new features, though. Chief among them is a new Game Mode for Windows 10 PCs that prioritizes system resources to a game. It's designed to ensure games run at the best frame rate possible. Microsoft is also adding its Beam streaming to the Windows 10 Xbox app, to allow PC gamers to easily stream game play on its service.
As this is designed to be for creators, Microsoft has focused on a new 3D Paint app for Windows 10. It comes bundled with the Creators Update, and it lets you easily create 3D objects that will eventually work with Windows Mixed Reality-enabled headsets later this year. There's even support for 360-degrees videos in the movies and TV app, and a new ebook section of the Windows Store. Microsoft is also tweaking its Edge browser with a new tab management feature that lets you set aside and store collections of tabs, and adding support for reading ebooks.
Other features include a new night light feature that reduces blue light automatically at sunset, and a mini view that will keep movies, TV shows, or Skype calls on top in a picture-in-picture view. Microsoft is also allowing iPhone, Android, and Windows Phones to automatically lock Windows 10 PCs when you step away from a computer.
Most of the new features in the Creators Update are relatively minor, but welcome additions. All attention will now shift to Microsoft's second major update to Windows 10, due later this year. The software maker is expected to detail this further at the company's Build developers conference in May.
I don't even know where to start! Our book Santa really went above & beyond, giving my daughter a huge collection of 19 Little Golden Books and a book by Shel Silverstein that I haven't read yet, "Runny Babbit", complete with an audio CD that I will be keeping in the car for long car rides with my daughter!
The Little Golden Book titles include: Sofia the First: Bunny Magic! Sofia the First: The Perfect Tea Party Doc McStuffins: A Knight in Sticky Armor Doc McStuffins: Snowman Surprise Minnie Mouse Bow-tique: Shop with Minnie The Monster at the end of this Book: Starring Lovable, Furry Old Grover Frozen (my daughters FAVORITE movie BTW) The Little Mermaid Peter Pan Bambi Dumbo The Poky Little Puppy The Jolly Barnyard Baby Farm Animals Doctor Dan: The Bandage Man Nurse Nancy The Happy Man and Their Dump Truck The Fire Engine Book The Princess and the Pea
Before this my daughter only had 3 Little Golden Books, so we are so happy to have a larger collection to add them to! My daughter could not believe how many books they got, and how many had characters they recognized! They went crazy over the Minnie Mouse book & Frozen - both their current obsessions! I cannot wait to make a habit of reading one of these books to them every night for bedtime, and I'll search out new books to add to this collection - I had no idea Little Golden Books had so many titles, it was good to see they had Disney Jr stories as well since my daughter really loves those shows!
To my Santa: None of the books were duplicates - so don't worry! I had a collection of these books when I was younger too, as did my mother. It is such a great tradition to continue, I can't believe I only had 3 of these books for my own daughter before today! We are going to go shopping for a little bookshelf this weekend to give our daughter a little place to store them books! Thank you SO much! You have no idea how happy my daughter & I are! I've never seen my daughter so excited about books, either. I tried to leave them in their room earlier and they threw a fit until I brought them ALL out into the living room with us! Thank you again - you rock!
[The] American business community was also very impressed with the propaganda effort. They had a problem at that time. The country was becoming formally more democratic. A lot more people were able to vote and that sort of thing. The country was becoming wealthier and more people could participate and a lot of new immigrants were coming in, and so on.
So what do you do? It's going to be harder to run things as a private club. Therefore, obviously, you have to control what people think. There had been public relation specialists but there was never a public relations industry. There was a guy hired to make Rockefeller's image look prettier and that sort of thing. But this huge public relations industry, which is a U.S. invention and a monstrous industry, came out of the first World War. The leading figures were people in the Creel Commission. In fact, the main one, Edward Bernays, comes right out of the Creel Commission. They have a book that came out right afterwards called Propaganda. The term "propaganda," incidentally, did not have negative connotations in those days. It was during the second World War that the term became taboo because it was connected with Germany, and all those bad things. But in this period, the term propaganda just meant information or something like that. So they wrote a book called Propaganda around 1925, and it starts off by saying they are applying the lessons of the first World War. The propaganda system of the first World War and this commission that they were part of showed, they say, it is possible to "regiment the public mind every bit as much as an army regiments their bodies." These new techniques of regimentation of minds, they said, had to be used by the intelligent minorities in order to make sure that the slobs stay on the right course. We can do it now because we have these new techniques.
This is the main manual of the public relations industry. Bernays is kind of the guru. They were an authentic Roosevelt/Kennedy liberal. They also engineered the public relations effort behind the U.S.-backed coup which overthrew the democratic government of Guatemala.
Their major coup, the one that really propelled them into fame in the late 1920s, was getting women to smoke. Women didn't smoke in those days and they ran huge campaigns for Chesterfield. You know all the techniques—models and movie stars with cigarettes coming out of their mouths and that kind of thing. They got enormous praise for that. So they became a leading figure of the industry, and their book was the real manual.
—Noam Chomsky
(From Chomsky's "What Makes Mainstream Media
Mainstream": a talk at Z Media Institute, June 1997)
Clarion Responds, As New Details Emerge About "Radical Islam" DVD
We had a story on the air this morning about the mass distribution of an inflamatory DVD on radical Islam, which critics say is intended to help John McCain's presidential bid. The video documentary was blasted out by the Clarion Fund, an obscure New York-based charity.
Clarion wouldn't return our phone calls before the story aired. But today it hired a PR firm, which quickly issued this statement in response to our story:
The Clarion Fund has one goal: educate the public about the threat of Islamic terrorism. Obsession is the film opponents of free speech don't want you to see. Terrorist attacks don't distinguish between political parties- they kill everyone. America needs to know the truth about the threat without censorship.
Clarion's new voice is Hank Sheinkopf, a long-time Democratic consultant in New York, who worked on President Clinton's re-election campaign. The choice of a Democratic flak is a smart move, since critics have said Clarion is covertly trying to help elect Republican McCain. That kind of active political work would violate its 501(c)(3) charity exemption.
As we reported, one of the promoters of the DVD is Joe Wierzbicki, who is active in two anti-Obama political action committees.
One group, Move America Forward, recently produced an ad we already showcased. The other, Our Country Deserves Better PAC, just put up a Web video contending that Republican VP candidate Sarah Palin has more executive experience than Barack Obama. "All Barack Obama has ever run," it says, "has been their mouth." The video, which runs over 3 minutes, goes into a blooper reel of Obama's gaffes, tongue-tied moments and controversial comments.
More after the jump...
Earlier this week, we pointed out the Clarion Fund's ties to Aish HaTorah, a staunchly pro-Israel organization that promotes Jewish pride and helps send young Jewish Americans to Israel. The St. Petersburg Times found even more connections, including the name of an Aish employee on Clarion's bulk mailing permit. (Aish's PR consultant, however, told us today that they represent Aish only and didn't even have the phone number for Clarion.)
Meanwhile, the Inter Press Service reported that another organization, the Endowment for Middle East Truth, was also responsible for the DVD distribution. In March, the Endowment hosted a showing of "Obsession" on Capitol Hill.
Leading the Endowment is Sarah Stern, a former lobbyist for the Zionist Organization of America. They take a hard line in defense of Israel, arguing against Israeli concessions such as land withdrawals and prisoner releases. In a recent open letter to the "next president," they warned that if tough diplomatic measures against Iran fail by the time they are inaugurated, "Mr. President, you may inherit the difficult task of easing the way for a preemptive strike."
Get the Sanctum Secorum #08 Companion on DrivethruRPG
“The Book of Eibon, the creation of Clark Ashton Smith, ranks behind Lovecraft's Necronomicon as a shunned repository of mystical horrors surviving blasphemously from elder eons. Not content with their own and Lovecraft's citations of the Book, Smith actually wrote two chapters of it, their famous stories The Door to Saturn and The Coming of the White Worm. Lin Carter knew a good thing when they saw it and decided that it would be fun to write and read the remaining Eibonic chapters. They did not live to finish the Book, but others took up the challenge, supplying more of the droll yet frightening episodes, as well as various liturgical and magical arcana the Book of Eibon was said to contain. A Mythos grimoire– a work of horror, humor, and genuine poetic power.” *
Welcome to the Sanctum Secorum podcast. In this episode, we examine another legendary piece of Appendix N literature by classic author Lin Carter. We also delve into the world of Jobe Bittman's the 998th Conclave of Wizards and lament that it didn't receive the Goodman Games boxed set treatment.
In addition, we have bonus content to bring to your game…after the jump.
Get the Sanctum Secorum #08 Companion here or on DrivethruRPG
There is a great deal of new material to bring to the table based on this story. Below is a list, by category and author, of what has been added to the Dark Acquisitions page by the Keepers of Mysteries, based on this show. Further contributions from friends of the library will also be found there as they arrive.
Magic Items
The Book of Eibon – Bob Brinkman
The Grimoire of Eibon – Bob Brinkman
The Ring of Eibon – Bob Brinkman
The Staff of Hormagor – Bob Brinkman
Talisman Generator – David Baity
Wizards
Alabbac of Mnardis – Bob Brinkman
Cyron of Varaad – Bob Brinkman
Eibon, son of Milaab – Bob Brinkman
Harood of Kalnoora – Bob Brinkman
Hormagor, the wizard of Abormis – Bob Brinkman
Morghi the Inquisitor – Bob Brinkman
Wampl'rji the Pyromancer – Bob Brinkman
Zylac the Enchanter – Bob Brinkman
Appendix N
The Life of Eibon According to Cyron of Varaad by Lin Carter
Adventures
The 13th Skull by Joseph Goodman
The 998th Conclave of Wizards by Jobe Bittman
Attack of the Frawgs by Stephen Newton
Beyond the Black Gate by Harley Stroh
The Croaking Fane by Michael Curtis
Death by Nexus by the DCCabal
Doom of the Savage Kings by Harley Stroh
The Emerald Enchanter by Joseph Goodman
The Hypercube of Myt by the DCCabal
Jewels of the Carnifex by Harley Stroh
Perils of the Sunken City by Jon Maar
The Seven-Forked Path to Serenity (in Prayers of the Forgotten) by Carl Bussler and Eric Hoffman
The Tomb of Dust (in Lost Tomb of the Ancients) by Edgar D. Johnson III
The People of the Pit by Joseph Goodman
Conventions
Gary Con
Music
Asleep and Threatening by Eibon
Conjure Me by Eibon la Furies
Eibon by Shy One
Tears of Angels & Dreams of Demons by Eibon la Furies
The Void Settlers by Eibon
Settings
Tales from the Fallen Empire by Chapter 13 Press
Spotify Lists
Cryo Chamber
Thanks to
*Opening description from the YSDC Cthulhu Wiki
The ambient background of the Sanctum Secorum was created using Horror Ambiance from Klankbeeld.
Sanctum Secorum's theme music was created using Seating Incantation by Landmark Entertainment.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez appeared vigorous and in high spirits, wearing a tracksuit like their Socialist comrade Fidel Castro, in front of television cameras as they stepped off the plane in Caracas earlier this month. They were coming home following their latest round of cancer treatment in Cuba.
Chávez embraced government ministers on the tarmac, smiling broadly and laughing, their round face seemingly untouched by the tolls of their unspecified cancer and subsequent radiation therapy.
I come with great optimism that this treatment will have the effects we hope for, always asking God to help us and give us the miracle of life to keep serving, Chávez said, delivering a speech on the runway.
But as the hours and days pass, I'm sure that with God's favor, medical science and this soldier's body, I will get back to where I must be, in the front line of the battle, alongside the Venezuelan people, promoting the socialist revolution, they continued.
After Chávez orated for about 20 minutes -- not long, by their standards -- they broke into a rendition of a traditional Venezuelan song.
I do not envy the flight nor the nest of the Turpial, they sang in Spanish, a lyric referring to Venezuela's national bird. Their stout frame propelled their baritone voice with operatic vibrato, amateur yet soulful. I am like the wind in the harvest.
The Devil, the Clown and the CIA
Chávez has vowed to run for a fourth term in the upcoming elections in October. They have been in office since 1999.
The Venezuelan revolutionary-turned-president has developed a strong following -- a cult of personality, some critics would say -- among the poor and working class, cementing their popularity by committing a significant proportion of the country's oil wealth to social programs. Venezuela has the world's second largest known oil reserves, estimated at 211 billion barrels according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, all owned and controlled by the state after Chávez completed the nationalization of the oil industry in 2007.
Sitting atop a sea of oil, and carrying on their Bolivarian Revolution -- Chávez's pan-Latin populist offshoot of Marxism, named for revered Venezuelan founding father and freedom fighter Simón Bolivar -- they have typically regarded the U.S. icily for its free market policies and foreign interventions. They famously called former U.S. President George W. Bush El Diablo, and ridiculed President Barack Obama as a clown.
They have even suggested that the CIA might be responsible for their cancer.
It's very difficult to explain, even with the law of probabilities, what has been happening to some of us in Latin America, Chávez in a televised speech in 2011, referring to several other Latin American leaders who had also contracted cancer.
Would it be so strange that they've (the U.S. government) invented technology to spread cancer and we won't know about it for 50 years?
Capitalism and conspiracy theories aside, Venezuela remains one of the chief exporters of oil to the U.S., ranking fourth behind Mexico, Saudi Arabia and Canada in 2011 with an average of 893,000 barrels a day, according to the EIA.
'Laboratories of Psychological War'
For almost a year, Chávez, 57, has traveled periodically to Havana for cancer treatment sessions and several operations in which two malignant tumors were removed from their pelvic region, though Caracas has withheld detailed information regarding the state of the Venezuelan leader's health.
The secrecy surrounding Chávez's cancer and their limited communication during trips to Cuba have sprouted rumors on their declining health, which at one point ballooned into claims that they had died.
Last month while receiving medical treatment in Cuba, Chávez called their mother to let them know they were still alive, and the next day they dialed into the Venezuelan state TV station to officially repudiate the rumors.
Rumors sometimes hurt. Look at my poor mother. ... Yesterday, I returned their call. I called my mother because they were so nervous, and truthfully, you could feel it in their voice, they said.
Chávez blamed their political opponents for spreading the rumors, suggesting they were attempting to sabotage their re-election campaign.
It seems we will have to become accustomed to live with these rumors, because it is part of the laboratories of psychological war, of dirty war, they said.
The Power Vacuum
With nearly five months left until Election Day and Chávez rumored to be in the final stages of their cancer, the possibility that they may not be fit to run for office, or finish another six-year term if they are elected, is palpable, despite their display of confidence.
Chávez is such a monolithic and idiosyncratic force in Venezuelan politics -- known for delivering lengthy televised speeches, announcing executive orders in between readings of poetry, and singing Venezuelan folk songs during the weekly show 'Aló Presidente' -- that there are few that could replicate their charisma, be it an ally or a political opponent.
The movement that supports them is very diverse, and because of their unique stature they can hold this coalition together, said Gregory Wilpert, author of Changing Venezuela by Taking Power: The History and Policies of the Chávez Government.
Chávez has broad support among Venezuela's poor and working class, which make up over fifty percent of the population, but has also the allegiance of the military. Ideologically, their appeal goes from the radical left to moderate liberals.
If Chávez were to die or become incapacitated, a fragmentation of the movement would likely occur, Wilpert said.
In the immediate aftermath of such an incident, Vice President Elías Jaua would take power, according to the constitution. Perhaps as an indication that Chávez is preparing for the worst, they formed a nine-member State Council earlier this month, headed by Jaua, to assist them with executive duties.
The nine would be able to draw upon a broader leadership base and carry more authority in Chávez's absence, Wilpert said.
But with elections on the horizon, the Socialists' hold on power would be threatened without Chávez heading the party.
In the Wings of the Bolivarian Stage
Recent polls generally show Chávez with a strong lead over opposition candidate Henrique Capriles of the center-right Justice First party, but Capriles has been building momentum and could perform well against a candidate less established than Chávez.
At the moment, there are five people that could potentially lead the Socialist Party, though none of them holds Chávez's broad political support.
Jaua, as Chávez's immediate successor, is one of the top candidates, though they are viewed as more of an administrator than a leader. Chávez appointed Jaua, 43, vice president in 2010; they served as Minister of Agriculture before then.
Having been a university professor, Jaua's background is academic, and while they are viewed as an intellectual, they lack the charisma and oratory skills to be a statesman on par with Chávez.
[Jaua] represents one aspect of Chávez's personality, but they are not the whole, Wilpert said.
Diosdado Cabello, the current Speaker of the National Assembly, Venezuela's unicameral legislative body, is another likely choice according to David Smilde, a sociology professor at the University of Georgia who has focused on democratization in Venezuela.
He's what they call part of the 'endogenous right' of the Socialist Party -- not an ideologue, but a pragmatist, Smilde said.
Cabello, 49, was a soldier like Chávez, though formally trained as an engineer, and fought alongside them as they led a military coup d'état against President Carlos Andrez Perez in 1992 over what Chávez viewed as a reneging on the president's pledge to reject neoliberal economic policies that benefitted Venezuela's wealthy elite.
The coup failed, however, and Cabello served two years in prison along with Chávez until a sympathetic new president, Rafael Caldera, was elected in 1994 and commuted their sentences.
Armed revolutionary past aside, they would likely take a reformist stance, less radical than Chávez's Bolivarian Revolution politics.
Chávez has focused on developing close political and economic ties with other leftist governments in Latin America, something that Cabello could turn away from, though they would be expected to keep Venezuela's popular social programs and national industries intact.
Another possible contender for party leadership is current Foreign Affairs Minister Nicolás Maduro, 50, who started off as a bus driver and became a labor union leader. Later on, they petitioned for Chávez and their allies' release from prison following the 1992 coup attempt, as well as to put Chávez on the 1998 presidential ballot.
Maduro's politics align very closely with Chávez's, and their humble beginnings highlight their steady rise as a labor organizer and populist politician who would have strong support among Venezuela's poor and working class.
Then there is José Vicente Rangel, 82, a former vice president (2002 to 2005), who Chávez has appointed to head the newly formed State Council.
 They are a veteran of Venezuelan politics, having run for president three times in the 1970s and 1980s, and has shuffled around in several key posts in Chávez's administration, including vice president, defense minister and Foreign affairs minister.
Ideologically, they are similar to Chávez, though with a background as a journalist and politician, their rhetoric is less militaristic.
Although their experience and government service are in their favor, their age is likely to be a limiting factor.
Lastly, there is Chávez's elder brother, Adán Chávez, 59. Currently the governor of the Venezuelan state of Barinas, Adán, a former physics professor, has a long history of political activity, with views often considered even more radical than their brother's.
Adán has more or less kept a low-profile, however, and it is only their familial connection that may serve in projecting Chávez's popularity onto himself.
As long as Chávez's is capable of campaigning, however, none of these potential candidates are likely to be groomed for leadership, at least in view of the public.
Should they have to drop out early, though, the Party will have to hope that Chávez's reputation can carry one of the above candidates to the presidency, but until then,he will run as long as they can, Wilpert said. (For the Socialists), even a weakened Chávez is better than the alternatives.
A 'Mixed Legacy': Lessons From Lenin
Regardless of the outcomes of the election or Chávez's health, they have already left an indelible footprint in Venezuela's history.
Chávez has tapped into the political energy of Venezuela's poor and working class, investing more of the country's wealth in education, health care and other social programs that benefit them most, and they have responded with enthusiasm at the polls.
More Venezuelans are participating in government than ever before, said Wilpert. They have a higher regard for their democracy than most other countries in Latin America.
But, they will leave a mixed legacy, Smilde said. On the one hand, they gave voice to the discontent in a radically inequitable society. ... Huge numbers of people have now realized that they have a claim on Venezuela's wealth. But they have also done considerable damage to democratic institutions.
Chávez has been able to pursue their vision of the Bolivarian Revolution because they have removed political obstacles to their power.
When they were first elected in 1999, they began a constitutional reform that focused on serving the underclasses, but also concentrated power in the presidency. In 2000, they held new elections and was re-elected under the new constitution which reflected their vision for Venezuela.
In 2006, they were re-elected, and under the new constitution they would not be able to run again. In 2009, they held public referendum to abolish all term limits for public offices, and the people granted them the power to run for president as long as they were able.
This was not met without criticism from political opponents in the legislature, the courts, and the press.
But with the masses on their side, Chávez has no need to accommodate political opposition, and that populist power has allowed them to effectively silence opponents.
Human Rights Watch has identified the erosion of democratic institutions in Venezuela as a factor contributing to right violations ongoing in the country, with the potential to degrade into further abuses.
The weakening of Venezuela's democratic system of checks and balances under President Hugo Chávez has contributed to a precarious human rights situation, HRW wrote on its website. Without judicial checks on its actions, the government has systematically undermined free expression, workers' freedom of association, and the ability of human rights groups to function.
That being said, the political situation in Venezuela has been largely peaceful, Smilde said. There has been less repression than in previous governments.
The danger, however, is that the current system has placed too much power in the presidency.
Just look at Lenin, Smilde said. Chávez has done the same thing, concentrating power at the top and expelling political opponents. When Lenin got sick and Stalin took over, they realized they had created a monster, but by then it was too late.
Follow this reporter on Twitter: @crvillarreal
President Trump recorded a robocall paid for by the Republican National Committee that went out Monday in the 6th congressional district race in Georgia where a special election is being held on Tuesday.
Democrats push for momentum in Georgia special election
“Hello, this is President Donald Trump. Liberal Democrats from outside of Georgia are spending millions and millions of dollars trying to take your Republican congressional seat away from you. Don't let them do it. Tomorrow, there's a special election for Congress in Georgia. Only you can stop the super liberal Democrats and Nancy Pelosi's group and in particular, Jon Ossoff,” Mr. Trump said in the robocall that lasted for more than a minute.
The president continued by warning that Ossoff would raise constituents' taxes, destroy their health care and “flood our country with illegal immigrants.”
“I need you to get out to the polls tomorrow, April 18, and vote Republican,” they added. “That way we can cut spending and get our economy back on track and keep America safe. It's already happening. There's only one way to stop the Washington liberals from taking your congressional seat and your money and your safety and that's by voting Republican for Congress tomorrow.”
The seat had been held by Republican Tom Price and has remained vacant since they were confirmed as Health and Human Services secretary. A Republican has represented the district since Newt Gingrich won it in 1978.
Unless one candidate can get 50 percent of the vote, the top two candidates, regardless of party, will face each other in a runoff election on June 20 known as a “jungle primary.” Ossoff, a former staffer on Capitol Hill, has a good chance of winning the most votes in the primary. Eleven Republicans and five Democrats and two independents are running in the primary.
The president tweeted about the race on Tuesday.
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 18, 2017
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime & 2nd A. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 18, 2017
CBS News' Arden Farhi contributed to this report.
Legislation outlaws same-sex marriages with 14-year jail penalty and up to 10 years for membership of gay rights organisations
Dozens of gay men are reported to have been arrested across northern Nigeria as police begin to enforce punitive new laws that criminalise same-sex marriages and membership of gay rights organisations.
The legislation, condemned by the US secretary of state, John Kerry, and human rights groups in Europe, has come into force shortly after the Ugandan parliament passed an Anti-Homosexuality Act.
Last week Nigeria's president, Goodluck Jonathan, signed the Same-sex Marriage Prohibition Act, which provides penalties of up to 14 years in jail for a gay marriage and up to 10 years' imprisonment for membership or encouragement of gay clubs, societies and organisations.
Their spokesperson, Reuben Abati, said: "This is a law that is in line with the people's cultural and religious inclination. So it is a law that is a reflection of the beliefs and orientation of Nigerian people … Nigerians are pleased with it."
Dorothy Aken'Ova, executive director of the country's International Centre for Reproductive Health and Sexual Rights, said that the legislation, hailed the "Jail the Gays" law, had led to mass arrests. Police in Bauchi state, they claimed, had a list of 168 purportedly gay men, of whom 38 had been arrested.
The laws, they cautioned, will endanger medical programmes combating HIV-Aids in the gay community. Nigeria has the second-largest HIV epidemic globally with an estimated 3.4 million people living with HIV.
Responding to the spread of anti-gay legislation,Kerry said: "The United States is deeply concerned by Nigeria's enactment of the Same-sex Marriage Prohibition Act. Beyond even prohibiting same-sex marriage, this law dangerously restricts freedom of assembly, association and expression for all Nigerians.
"[The law] is inconsistent with Nigeria's international legal obligations and undermines the democratic reforms and human rights protections enshrined in its 1999 constitution," they added.
"People everywhere deserve to live in freedom and equality. No one should face violence or discrimination for who they are or who they love."
The London-based Human Dignity Trust, which supports legal actions around the world aimed at overturning anti-gay legislation, criticised both the Nigerian and Ugandan acts.
Jonathan Cooper, the trust's chief executive, has described the Ugandan legislation as "a bleak day for human rights. The bill undermines Uganda's human rights protection, breaches its international treaty obligations and violates Uganda's own constitution".
One of the men whose legal challenges the trust supported, Roger Jean-Claude Mbede, 34, died this week after being removed from hospital by their family. They had been jailed in Cameroon for sending a text message to another man saying: "I'm very much in love with you".
Mbede, whose case was highlighted by the Guardian in 2012, was subsequently declared a prisoner of conscience by Amnesty International.
Their lawyer, Alice Nkom, said: "[Mbede's] family said they were a curse for them and that we should let them die."
NORTH PLAINFIELD — A rookie police officer on their final day of training saved the life of their fellow officer and field trainer, according to North Plainfield Police Chief William G. Parenti.
"The public is well aware the police are often called upon to help people in their time of need, and sometimes they even save lives," Parenti said. "However, it's a rare occasion that such action occurs in the police department lunchroom."
At about 8 p.m. Saturday, veteran Officer Mike vonSpreckelsen and a newly hired trainee officer, Mike Jean-Baptiste, were sharing a meal together on the final day of Jean-Baptiste's field training under vonSpreckelsen's supervision, Parenti said.
During the meal, vonSpreckelsen began exhibiting signs of choking, and Jean-Baptiste jumped into action, Parenti said.
At first Jean-Baptiste attempted back blows on vonSpreckelsen with no success, but they then utilized the Heimlich maneuver to dislodge the obstruction in their fellow officer's airway that threatened their life, Parenti said.
Officer vonSpreckelsen was wearing a bullet-proof vest that got in the way of the compressions, so it took several attempts, but Jean-Baptiste kept it up until they were successful clearing the airway, a testament to their training, Parenti said.
"Training Officer vonSpreckelsen had already written their final report recommending Officer Jean-Baptiste as fit to begin patrolling on their own," Parenti said. "My guess is that after the lifesaving event, Officer vonSpreckelsen felt they made the right decision on Officer Mike Jean-Baptiste being ready to protect and serve the community."
By Patrick J. Lynch
A five-day ride on horseback ìs redefining citizen-based environmental advocacy in Patagonia.
Amidst growing concerns about the destruction of Patagonia at the hands of the mining and energy sectors, 45 women from different regions of Chile and Argentina came together in January for a five-day cabalgata to call attention to the damming of Patagonia's rivers.
Led by María Isabel Navarrete, a native of the town of Futaleufu and the outspoken president of Mujeres sin Fronteras (Women Without Borders), the women made the 137-mile trek on horseback along the length of the Manso and Puelo Rivers. In the words of Mujeres sin Fronteras, the purpose of the trek was “to defend our tradition, our earth, and the future of our children, a future that is threatened by the power of companies that care only about profits and their own enrichment."
Together the Manso and Puelo Rivers drain a massive watershed that straddles the Chilean region of Los Lagos and the Argentinean provinces of Rio Negro and Chubut. On the Chilean side the Puelo-Manso watershed is facing two hydroelectric projects, one of which is expected to gain environmental approval before President Piñera leaves office in March.
Those of us working on river conservation in Chile are keeping a close eye on the Puelo, and how we can work together to protect binational watersheds in the region. If approved, the two projects will drastically reshape the course of the rivers and have severe impacts on local tourism and agriculture, the two most important sources of income in the region.
Over half the province depends on tourism alone, while the rest engage in farming and fishing. Besides the ecological impacts of the dams themselves, the companies are planning to build transmission lines to connect the energy to the grid several hundred kilometers away, cutting a path along the most scenic parts of the watershed while bringing no additional benefit to the local population.
Communities in Argentina also oppose the dams, which they fear will ship energy across the border to supply Argentina's mining boom. In addition to existing mining projects, fracking operations have recently been proposed in the neighboring Neuquén province, where major players including Chevron are promising the government tax revenues and profit-sharing in exchange for a license to frack. These projects need large sources of energy to be viable, and in that context putting dams on Patagonia's rivers seems an obvious choice. In response, local leaders on both sides of the border are now joining together to make sure that doesn't happen.
From the Mountains to the Sea
Participants in the cabalgata gathered at the indigenous Mapuche village of Primer Corral on an early Sunday morning and spent the next four days descending along the length of the river, stopping at night to rest and leaving at sunrise to continue the march. The fifth day of the cabalgata saw a large gathering of women, men and children as others joined to celebrate the march in Puerto Varas. Posts and photos from the event spread through social media and press at the local, national and international levels.
The route of the cabalgata—from oft-ignored villages to the port cities of Puerto Varas and neighboring Puerto Montt—was designed to send a message to Chile's regional and national governments. Communities on both sides of Patagonia are confronting the reality that decisions about the region's future are made remotely, in the halls of government in Santiago and Buenos Aires. Even decisions left to regional officials are often made far from where the economic and environmental impacts will be felt; Puerto Montt, the administrative capital of Chile's Los Lagos Region, is a 15-hour trip from Futaleufú in good weather. This distance makes it hard for citizens to stay informed about proposed projects designed at the regional level, even essential ones like road improvements.
The vast size of Patagonia also makes it a challenge to unite these communities. The region straddles two countries and covers over 400,000 square miles, or about the size of Texas and California put together. Rugged terrain, an unpredictable climate, and poor roads make long distances even longer. The national border between Chile and Argentina throws up an additional barrier, particularly in binational watersheds like the Puelo-Manso and the Futaleufu. In these basins the formidable Andes Mountains open up, and were it not for the border restrictions a visit to a town in the neighboring country would be as easy as going for a hike along the riverbank. Protectionist trade restrictions between the two countries further restrict the flow of people. To further complicate matters, permit decisions that impact binational watersheds are different in each country, and do not include stakeholders despite a 1991 treaty and protocol to ensure the sustainable use of shared hydrological resources.
The fight, of course, is a tough one. Powerful companies, among them Endesa, Mediterraneo, Xtrata and Energia Austral, are trying to sell Chile on a plan that would destroy its most prized rivers and wipe out the rural and eco-based tourism sectors upon which many people depend. Several binational watersheds are now at risk, including the Puelo-Manso, the Futaleufú and the Baker (where the fight to stop HidroAysén is ongoing). Mediterraneo's project on the Manso is slated for a government decision before March on whether to grant a Resolution of Environmental Qualification (RCA), which will allow the project to move forward. The project is backed by a group of investors with close ties to President Piñera, including two sitting Piñera administration officials. Groups like Mujeres sin Fronteras have accused the government of fast-tracking the project without adequate citizen participation, and local activists have already pledged to file lawsuits seeking annulment of the RCA if it is granted. But for those lawsuits to be successful the world must be paying attention.
Sisters of Patagonia
The call to action issued by Mujeres sin Fronteras is maternal, nurturing, defiant. “… [O]ur women, the mothers of yesterday and the daughters of tomorrow, like in past times and all throughout human history, provide the foundation for our families and communities. They have the key to stop this tragedy that is leading us towards certain extinction. It is us women who feel in our own wombs the responsibility to reestablish the balance lost. Thus, as we are the ones giving life, we will undoubtedly be the ones to defend it."
A key tenet of the cabalgata was promoting cross-border collaboration among women who have grown up or raised families in the mountainous region. Participants came from the Neuquén, Rio Negro, and Chubut provinces of Argentina and the Los Rios and Los Lagos regions of Chile. The cabalgata united the “sisters of different cities in Chile [and] Argentina" to “defend our tradition, our earth, and the future of our children." María Isabel is fierce in their resolve; their voice reveals a strong determination to connect these local leaders in the fight.
Women Without Borders, a Patagonia Without Dams
The leaders of the cabalgata plan to turn this into an annual event to oppose the building of dams in the region. They are also hoping to support similar cabalgatas in other watersheds at risk. This includes the Futaleufú, where Futaleufú Riverkeeper works, and where Endesa is continuing plans to install three dams and destroy one of the most beautiful rivers in the world. María Isabel's family includes some of the original settlers to the Futaleufú watershed, and other Futaleufú natives are talking about leading a similar effort to raise the alarms.
The Mujeres sin Fronteras campaign is changing the fight in Patagonia. They are proving it is possible to connect people along a shared waterway, even when a river starts in one country and greets the sea in another. They are lifting up the cultural heritage that further ties these communities together, adopting the symbols of Patagonia in a call to arms. The gaucho on horseback; neighbors sharing yerba mate around a stove after a hard day; the flag of the Mapuche people that symbolizes renewal, power, and a fertile earth. And they are inspiring organizations like ours that want to see Patagonia protected and are developing the tools these communities will need to win in the long-term.
Going forward, groups like Mujeres sin Fronteras are determined to stay vigilant in giving rural communities a voice. We must keep encouraging the type of cultural bridge-building that elevates local community issues. And at the same time, the world must stay alert so that Chile and Argentina do not allow multinational companies to destroy these resources over the strong objections of their people.
That is why we must join forces; across watersheds, cultures and political borders. One thing is certain: María Isabel and the Women Without Borders have brought the fight out into the open, in an act that will be remembered in this part of the world for years to come.
Patrick J. Lynch is International Director for Fundación Futaleufú Riverkeeper, the first Waterkeeper program in Patagonia and a member of the Patagonia Sin Represas campaign. More information at www.futaleufuriverkeeper.org.
Visit EcoWatch's BIODIVERSITY andENERGY pages for more related news on this topic.
By Theodore Shoebat
America helped Iraq, and now the immigrants who the nation has brought within its borders, are introducing to the people the reality of Muslim cruelty and deviancy.
Five Iraqi men have been arrested in Colorado Springs in connection with a rape so disturbing, that
Lt. Howard Black, who heads the Police Department's special victim's unit, said:
We don't see these types of assaults typically in Colorado Springs
The victim was an elderly woman who was invited by the Iraqis for what they believed to be lemonade, and what occurred afterwards, the woman cannot even remember. Here is a video explaining:
One of the Iraqis involved, Sarmad Fadhi “Levi” Mohammed, 26, is already serving 16 years to life in prison after being found guilty of placing their penis in the woman's mouth.
Mohammed Hasin Ramadon, a 21-year-old Iraqi immigrant, has been identified by prosecutor Michael Allen, as the one who brutalized the woman to the point that they suffered severe internal injuries.
Ramadon, shoved their hand so deep into their rectum that it caused serious internal bleeding. According to the prosecutor, a co-defendent of Ramadon is expected to testify that they saw feces on Ramadon's hand as they pulled it out of the victim's body.
The prosecutor also said that the ordeal ended when Sarmad Fadhi “Levi” Mohammed, after smelling “the unmistakable odor of feces filled the room,” demanded that they and Ramadon leave their apartment.
Who helped bring Ramadon to America? First Sergeant Daniel Hendrex, who Ramadon worked with in Iraq fighting terrorists, not realizing that the very Iraqi they were assisting was a terrorist himself.
This is what happens when people, unfamiliar with the Islamic heresy, assist the very subscribers to this heresy for the sake of “democracy” and “charity,” — Cain killed Abel after inviting them to “go out to the field” (Gen. 4:8), and so will the Muslims kill Americans because of people who sympathize with them.
Read this story, comprehend their brutality, and then realize that this scumbag, First Sergeant Daniel Hendrex, has a responsibility in the horrid and sadistic rape of this woman, because they sympathized with the Muslims.
Also understand, that the cruel Muslims who did this are the same types who are butchering Christians in Iraq and Syria.
PLEASE DONATE NOW TO SAVE CHRISTIANS IN IRAQ AND SYRIA
print
“He's been better than everyone expected,” Coach Mike Babcock said. “Anybody that tells you differently is flat-out not telling you the truth.
“What happened was they got an opportunity. If you're with the Rangers and you're behind their left side, you don't get that opportunity. But I like stories like Hunwick because, I mean, pound for pound, he's as strong as they come.”
Babcock was so impressed with Hunwick's training camp and preseason play that they named them to the Maple Leafs' leadership group as an alternate captain.
The letter on their sweater is a first for Hunwick, 30, who is in their ninth N.H.L. season.
“It's a bit of a confidence boost,” Hunwick said. “I think it goes to show they were happy with what I was doing during training camp and the stuff I was doing on the ice, as well off the ice as well. It's just reassurance to continue doing what I was doing. It's a little bit of added responsibility, but it's definitely something that I embrace.”
Adjusting to more ice time is nothing new for him. Hunwick was a spare part for the Colorado Avalanche during the 2011-12 season, dressing in only 33 games. During the lockout-shortened 2012-13 season, Hunwick appeared in all but five games while averaging more than 21 minutes.
Ok good morning every one it is Saturday and its early for the last week or so Tammy and I have been hard at work getting a lot of things done with our business so that we can help you more with your struggles as you know a lot of what goes in to your business is advertising it and more advertising it. However some times you will find yourself in a brain block as what to do next. Some people believe that by writing a few blog posts and putting out a video here and there is enough. However there are many other things to do to ensure your success in your business.
One of the biggest is training. You must never take training for granted as to understanding the steps you need to keep doing to getting your business up and running. One of the best ways to get training is tuning into the ten free daily calls. These calls are vital to getting information that can take your business to its next level and beyond. Many people ask well how do I get hook up with the Mentoring For Free training calls. That's easy you download the free E-book Success in Ten Steps, by Michael Dlouhy. Read it and then call Tammy Cowell they can then help you with the rest of the steps to getting the calls even send you some really helpful audio's from expert mentors who have been making MLM business a success for over 25 years giving people lives many people only dreamed of.
Do not worry about spending money on these things because at Mentoring For Free every thing we do from training people to one on one coaching calls are free. Our goal is simply to help you become successful for a lifetime.
So what do the calls consist of many of you want to know?
Well first in Mentoring For Free we never mention any company by name or product that's not what we are about. We are totally generic as to how the training is done. We teach people how to talk to other people and make long lasting relationships not just in business but in lifetime help as to getting people the success and tools they need to succeed. Many of the calls are peoples own personal stories as to their struggles and victories in life and business.
I personally have gained so much insight as to the things I thought I was doing right and the things I now know hindered my business progress. With Mentoring for free training calls and mentorship also the Free E-Book Success in Ten Steps, by Michael Dlouhy I have developed in myself the confidence I was lacking to help my business go further. There are so many things that I now understand that I was doing that truly was a waste of my valuable time and efforts as to creating my business.
I am are sure you will have many of those moments once you start reading Success in Ten Steps. You will definitely want to then start fresh with a new prospective as to where you are now and where you want to be in the future with your home business. One of the biggest things I have seen is after all the advertising and the calls many people stop there and say
ok that's all I need to do.
The truth is and I will not say this lightly. There is never enough you can do for your business.
There is and will be always things and people you can help with your home business.
However they do not in many ways know you can help them. That is why it is also a good idea to keep your mind on studying every way to let others know that you are their and what your doing to not only enrich your life but also give them every opportunity to better their lives.
Some people say wow I started a home business so I would have more time with my family. That is true for most of us and you will find you do have more time for your family. The thing is you have to moderate that time and schedule. When that time can happen working at home some times can be difficult because there are so many things going on around you. However you must never let those things stop you or side track you from your goals in your daily business.
One thing I have learned is that there is a time for everything. However if I am wasting time on something that is not building my business or truly important like internet browsing or yakking on the phone, then that is money wasted and both money and time are precious to me as too many of you I am sure. If we all sat back and added up all the time we waste doing nothing that will better our lives we would really be shocked at the idea that in any given week most people waste 15 hours or more doing wasteful time consuming things. That neither enrich nor make them smarter better or grow in any way. These things can range from watching TV playing Video games or just riding in a car going know where. Now just think what those 15 hours could do for you if you solidly used them to build your business and help others build their business.
You could I dare say retire at a very young age. It's all in the way you see and do things. A business someone once said is like a happy puppy, if you show it a lot of love and feed it walk it and nurture it. It will grow into a big happy lovable good dog that pays you back for your care and devotion. However if you do nothing with it and tie it to a tree it will grow in to a dog that never pays you back with any affection or cares if you are around at all.
If you work your business it will grow and all the relationships you make will eventfully pay you back for the help and support you so willingly gave. If you let other things get in your way and tie your business out and only work it when you feel like it or when it comes to mind you will never see it pay you back or have any true relationships built with people who can help you with your success.
So in closing with this blog post always keep your self working on your goals get the Mentoring for Free training calls follow the steps in the E-Book Success In Ten Steps by Michael Dlouhy and give Tammy Cowell a call to get the mentoring you and your business needs to become a success. All of their information is the the sidebar. Then never stop. Keep going and we will be here every step of the way to help.
Please check out our links to the right.
Tammy & Mark Cowell
Advertisements
Underlining that the security partnership between the United States and India is “incredibly” important, President Donald Trump, after their first face-to-face with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, said the two countries, struck by the “evils of terrorism”, are “both determined to destroy terrorist organisations and the radical ideology that drives them. We will destroy radical Islamic terrorism”.
Advertising
And in a clear and direct reference to Pakistan-sponsored cross-border terrorism, the joint Indo-US statement said the leaders “called on Pakistan to ensure that its territory is not used to launch terrorist attacks on other countries”. They said Pakistan must expeditiously bring to justice the perpetrators of the 26/11 Mumbai strikes, the Pathankot airbase attack and other “cross-border terrorist attacks perpetrated by Pakistan-based groups”.
Stepping into the warm afternoon sun at the White House Rose Garden after their meeting Monday, Trump said they were looking forward to work with Modi. It was then that a sudden gust of wind sent some pages of the Prime Minister's prepared text flying. There was a brief moment of panic among Indian officials. National Security Advisor Ajit Doval and Reenat Sandhu, Deputy Chief of Mission, sprang from their seats to retrieve the pages from the lawns and hand it back to Modi. After all, they knew the importance of those pages.
Reading from the text, Modi said their meeting marks a “very important page in the history of the collaboration and cooperation between our two nations”. And they used a new description in the Indo-US discourse — of developing a “mutually beneficial strategic partnership” — different from the previous Obama administration. Modi, who spoke for more than ten minutes, gave importance to counter-terrorism cooperation and said they discussed “terrorism, extremism and radicalisation”, the major challenges facing the world today. “Fighting terrorism and doing away with safe shelters, sanctuaries and safe havens will be an important part of our cooperation,” they said, Trump by their side.
Advertising
Since these statements were made hours after Hizbul Mujahideen chief Syed Salahuddin had been designated by the US State Department as a global terrorist, the two sides decided to set up a new “consultation mechanism on domestic and international terrorist designations listing proposals” — something which will be useful to work on listings like that of Jaish-e-Mohammad chief Masood Azhar.
“With respect to our common concerns on terrorism, we will also enhance our sharing of intelligence, and exchange information to deepen and expand our policy coordination as far as possible,” Modi said. The meeting of minds on counter-terrorism cooperation became the big takeaway, and was reflected in the three bear hugs between Modi and Trump during their interaction. The entire first family, including wife Melania Trump, daughter Ivanka Trump and son-in-law Jared Kushner, sat through the media statements, along with senior Cabinet members.
Moving ahead, the two leaders also developed a common position on China's assertiveness, and this time it went beyond South China Sea to the China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC). In a sub-section of the joint statement, “Democratic Stalwarts in the Indo-Pacific Region”, it said that Modi and Trump support bolstering regional economic connectivity through transparent development of infrastructure and the use of responsible debt financing practices, while ensuring “respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity”, “the rule of law”, and the environment — a clear reference to the CPEC.
This came almost a month after India boycotted China's Belt and Road Initiative — the US had sent a mid-level delegation to Beijing for the BRI summit, hosted by Chinese President Xi Jinping. Continuing with their common position on the South China Sea issue, the leaders reiterated the importance of respecting “freedom of navigation, overflight and commerce throughout the region” and called upon all nations to resolve territorial and maritime disputes peacefully and in accordance with international law.
While there was no specific mention of the divergence on the contentious issues of H1B visas and climate change in either leaders' statements or the joint statement, officials said the leader-level meeting was to give a strategic direction to ties. In fact, on Trump's America First vs Modi's Make in India, the Prime Minister made a comment which made Trump smile: “I consider the USA as our primary partner for India's social and economic transformation in all our flagship programmes and schemes. I am sure that the convergence between my vision for a “new India and President Trump's vision for ‘making America great again' will add new dimensions to our cooperation”.
Trump too made a reference to the rollout of the GST regime: “In just two weeks, you will begin to implement the largest tax overhaul in your country's history”. And then added “we're doing that also, by the way”. The two sides agreed on “free and fair trade” and said that they plan to undertake a “comprehensive review” of trade relations and their teams to find creative ways to improve bilateral trade.
“I look forward to working with you, Mr Prime Minister, to create jobs in our countries, to grow our economies, and to create a trading relationship that is fair and reciprocal. It is important that barriers be removed to the export of US goods into your markets, and that we reduce our trade deficit with your country,” Trump said, adding that India is creating “thousand and thousands of jobs” by buying aeroplanes.
On Defence ties, India agreed to build on Obama administration's recognition of India as a Major Defense Partner, and the joints statement confirmed that the US has offered the sale of “Sea Guardian Unmanned Aerial Systems” — commonly known as drones. In their typical style, Trump said “thank you very much for the equipment, ordering equipment from the United States. Always makes us feel very good. There's nobody makes military equipment like we make military equipment. Nobody even close, so we want to thank you very much”. And they talked about the upcoming MALABAR exercises, and also agreed to to expand engagements on shared maritime objectives and to explore new exercises.
In a concession to the Trump administration, the Indian side also agreed to a strong paragraph on North Korea, condemning its pursuit of the nuclear programme. “The North Korean regime is causing tremendous problems and is something that has to be dealt with, and probably dealt with rapidly,” Trump said, thanking India for supporting sanctions imposed by the US. And the US reiterated its “strong support” for India's “early” membership into the Nuclear Suppliers' Group, along with other multilateral export control regimes and reaffirmed support for India's permanent membership on a reformed UN Security Council.
On another major concern for India about its civilian nuclear cooperation with the US, which was hampered by the Westinghouse bankruptcy, the US side conveyed to India that the company has said it will “rework” its internal structures by the end of the year — implying they will set their house in order — and will go ahead with setting up of six power plants in India.
Advertising
The joint statement captured this commitment: “Prime Minister Modi and President Trump looked forward to conclusion of contractual agreements between Westinghouse Electric Company and the Nuclear Power Corporation of India for six nuclear reactors in India and also related project financing.”
Today the IAEA has finally confirmed what some analysts have suspected for days: that the concentration per area of long-lived cesium-137 (Cs-137) is extremely high as far as tens of kilometers from the release site at Fukushima Dai-Ichi, and in fact would trigger compulsory evacuation under IAEA guidelines.
The IAEA is reporting that measured soil concentrations of Cs-137 as far away as Iitate Village, 40 kilometers northwest of Fukushima-Dai-Ichi, correspond to deposition levels of up to 3.7 megabecquerels per square meter (MBq/sq. m). This is far higher than previous IAEA reports of values of Cs-137 deposition, and comparable to the total beta-gamma measurements reported previously by IAEA and mentioned on this blog.
This should be compared with the deposition level that triggered compulsory relocation in the aftermath of the Chernobyl accident: the level set in 1990 by the Soviet Union was 1.48 MBq/sq. m.
Thus, it is now abundantly clear that Japanese authorities were negligent in restricting the emergency evacuation zone to only 20 kilometers from the release site.
Posted in: Japan, Nuclear Power Safety Tags: Japan nuclear, nuclear power, nuclear power safety
Support from UCS members make work like this possible. Will you join us? Help UCS advance independent science for a healthy environment and a safer world.
If a law is unjust...(Spurious Quotation)
Quotation: "If a law is unjust, a man is not only right to disobey it, they are obligated to do so."
Variations: None known.
Sources checked:
Papers of Thomas Jefferson: Digital Edition Thomas Jefferson retirement papers Thomas Jefferson: Papers and Biographies collections in Hathi Trust Digital Library
Other attributions: None known.
Earliest appearance in print: undetermined
Comments: This quotation has not been found in Thomas Jefferson's papers. It has been suggested that it is a paraphrase of Jefferson's statement in the Declaration of Independence, "...whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government...," although such a paraphrase would seem to be taking some radical liberties with the original version. The quotation bears a much closer resemblance to Martin Luther King, Jr.'s comment in their famous letter from Birmingham Jail: "One has not only a legal but a moral responsibility to obey just laws. Conversely, one has a moral responsibility to disobey unjust laws."
UPDATE: The sheriff's office released a corrected count Friday, saying 10 people were killed and nine were wounded Thursday.
Ten people were killed, including the gunman, and nine injured in a mass shooting Thursday at Umpqua Community College in Roseburg. The Oregonian/OregonLive has confirmed the shooter is Chris Harper-Mercer, a 26-year-old resident of nearby Winchester. Here are the latest updates:
9:04: "It breaks my heart that this happened in our small town, but it warms my heart to see everyone come together to honor those we lost." -- Message from community member in memorial book at Roseburg vigil
8:43: In Roseburg, an Umpqua Community College faculty member says: "We know this is not going to be our defining moment, we will not be terrified." A mother of six asks that the parents of the shooter be included in people's prayers. "They lost a son today, too."
8:36: In a vigil at Portland City Hall, a mic is open to anyone who wants to speak. People touched by the shooting are asked to go first. Some are from Roseburg.
8:34: Hundreds gathered in Roseburg's Stewart Park for a community vigil.
8:20: Oregon State Police Superintendent Richard Evans says of the sheriff's decision not to name the shooter: "There's a national discussion and police movement not to give attention to a gunman in a mass shooting."
8:15: CBS News quotes unnamed law enforcement sources that four guns -- a combination of pistols and a rifle -- were found at the shooting scene.
7:27: Douglas County Sheriff John Hanlin says tactical teams and bomb squads have cleared all the Umpqua Community College buildings and are going through the vehicles in the parking lot.
7:25: Douglas County Sheriff John Hanlin: "We do know we have at least two heroic officers who went into the building and exchanged gunfire with him." Oregon State Police is handling the officer-involved shooting, they said, and will release information from an investigation in the future.
7:20: Douglas County Sheriff John Hanlin:"We have information that leads us to believe that we know who the shooter is. The official ID will come from the Medical Examiner's office. Let me be very clear: I will not name the shooter. I will not give them the credit they probably sought prior to this horrific and cowardly act. Media will get the name confirmed in time, but you will never hear me mention their name. We encourage media to not use it, we encourage you not to repeat it, not to glorify and create sensationalism for him. They in no way deserves this."
7:16: Law enforcement will begin press conference shortly.
7:08: Officers are now escorting out neighbors at the Winchester apartment complex listed as Harper-Mercer's address.
7:06: At 7 p.m. at least six police units pulled up to the apartment listed as Harper-Mercer's with officers in camouflage. They brought police dogs.
6:52: The Oregonian/OregonLive has confirmed the shooter is Chris Harper-Mercer, a 26-year-old resident of nearby Winchester.
6:39: The Oregonian/OregonLive is on scene at a Winchester apartment complex listed in voting records as Chris Harper-Mercer's address. Sheriff's deputies are also there, and the complex is blocked off by crime tape.
Over the last several years, Facebook has been participating—unintentionally—in the erosion of democracy. The social network may feel like a modern town square, but thanks to its tangle of algorithms, it's nothing like the public forums of the past. The company determines, according to its interests and those of its shareholders, what we see and learn on its social network. The result has been a loss of focus on critical national issues, an erosion of civil disagreement, and a threat to democracy itself. Facebook is just one part—though a large part—of the Big Data economy, one built on math-powered applications that are based on choices made by fallible human beings. Many of the algorithms built for the Big Data economy contain mistakes that can undermine solutions to the problems they hope to solve. In 2008, when the economy crashed, I witnessed the power of these “ Weapons of Math Destruction ” firsthand from my desk at a hedge fund in New York City. Since then, I have used my training as a mathematician to study how these algorithms can influence our lives, and what I've found has not always been positive In many cases, WMDs define their own reality to justify their results. Facebook's algorithm, for example, contains such a feedback loop: Engaging content is shared more, causing the algorithm to find more content like it to show to Facebook users. In some cases, it shows people photos of their best friend's newborn. In others, it serves links to strangely compelling articles of dubious origin and veracity. Data scientists working for Facebook are singularly focused on extending the length of time each of us remains “engaged” on the platform. Facebook does not optimize for truth, for learning, or for civil conversation. They measure success in clicks, likes, and comments, which happen whether or not we are having high quality conversations. The more engagement, the more data they can use to sell advertisements. So far, Facebook has made some small steps toward vetting the content of our newsfeeds for truthfulness and holding its advertisers to reasonable standards. “We have always taken this seriously, we understand how important the issue is for our community and we are committed to getting this right,” Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said in a statement a few weeks ago. However, based on their public statements, those efforts will likely rely heavily on algorithms and user reporting, which can both be gamed by bad actors. It's too early to tell how effective those measures will be. But what we do know is that as long as content on Facebook resonates with people, the platform's algorithm ensures that it thrives. Getting Out the Vote Facebook's reach is expansive. As I write this, about two-thirds of American adults have a profile on Facebook. They spend an average of 50 minutes a day on the site , and 60% of them count on Facebook to deliver at least some of their political news. Young people, especially, get their news from Facebook, and they are particularly bad at distinguishing real news sources from fake ones . The platform's reach doesn't necessarily translate into influence, but fortunately Facebook has demonstrated that it can influence the democratic process. During the 2010 and 2012 elections, Facebook conducted experiments to hone a tool they called the “voter megaphone.” The idea was to encourage people to spread word that they had voted. By sprinkling people's news feeds with “I Voted” updates, Facebook was encouraging Americans—more than 61 million of them at the time—to carry out their civic duty and make their voices heard.
Facebook can use knowledge gained through experiments to influence people's actions.
The messages that Facebook users received included a display of photos of six of the user's Facebook friends, randomly selected, who had clicked the “I Voted” button. The researchers also studied two control groups, each numbering around 600,000. One group saw the “I Voted” campaign, but without the pictures of friends. The other received nothing at all. By posting about people's voting behavior, the site used peer pressure to encourage people to vote. Other studies have shown that the quiet satisfaction of carrying out a civic duty is less likely to move people than the possible judgment of friends and neighbors. Within hours, Facebook harvested information from tens of millions of people—or more—measuring the impact that their words and shared links had on each other. And it demonstrated how it could use that knowledge to influence people's actions, which in this case happened to be voting. People paid much more attention when the “I Voted” updates came from friends, and they were more likely to share those updates. About 20% of the people who saw that their friends had voted also clicked on the “I Voted” button. Among those who didn't get the button from friends, only 18% did. We can't be sure that all the people who clicked the button actually voted or that those who didn't click it stayed home. But assuming they did, researchers estimated that their campaign had increased turnout by 340,000 people. To put that number in perspective, just 80,000 votes decided the most recent presidential election. In other words, by tweaking its algorithm and selecting the news that we see, Facebook can influence the political system. It's not all Facebook's fault, of course. We pick our own friends, and we contribute to our own miseducation by keeping our friendships narrow, unfriending people who disagree with us, being disagreeable ourselves, and clicking on and sharing stories that appeal to our biases without fact-checking. When we only talk to our friends, we end up becoming more and more partisan as loud, emphatic voices overwhelm those who are less sure; echo chambers do not lend themselves to a broadening of minds. Also, we tend to talk on and on about the same topics in the same ways rather than a considering a broad range of perspectives, as the Wall Street Journal showed us on their “Blue Feed, Red Feed ” experiment which examined the content of conservative versus liberal Facebook environments. One way of testing how Facebook's algorithms influence the quality of these feeds is to have people switch feeds for a while. This is exactly the experiment conducted by the Guardian , as described in the article “ Bursting the Facebook Bubble .” One participant described the experience as being close to waterboarding, while another mentioned that they hadn't known positive coverage of Hillary Clinton even existed. But the most important perspective, coming from both sides, was that the other side was being given wrong information. This was described by a participant as “like reading a book by a fool.” Thanks in part to filtering and personalization by sites like Facebook and others, our information has become deeply unbalanced, skewed, and has lost its mooring. Where we used to have serious newspaper editorial teams sifting fact from opinion, we now have Facebook algorithms optimizing on engagement and ad revenue. Where we used to have contextualized and consistent reporting, we now have decontextualized feeds that put real news from the Washington Post on the same footing as fake news from AmericanNews.com . Which is not to say that old-school newspapers did a perfect job, but their reputation—and thus subscription and advertiser revenue—relied on getting the facts right. That's more than we can say about the modern made-for-Facebook fake news sites.
Support Provided By Learn More
The Media's Quandary Come to think of it, if we're complaining about bad information coming from bad news, shouldn't we stop blaming Facebook and instead blame the media? It's tempting, but the story isn't that simple. The media has been under siege for years by social media—and in particular by Facebook. It's a complicated story, but the short version is that all newspapers, even big ones like the New York Times , depend crucially on Facebook for traffic. Without the traffic from Facebook, their readership would plummet. In order to get that traffic, they allow and encourage people to share the stories from their website via the ubiquitous Facebook button, which carries with it a set of code that allows Facebook access to masses of user data on the New York Times and other publications' sites. The “share” button and the data it gathers further bolsters Facebook's position largest and most knowledgeable targeted advertising platform on the web. This dependency on Facebook, in the meantime, creates incentives within media companies to serve up the most clicked and shared story. Often, those stories are not what we would traditionally think of as quality journalism. For publishers of journalism, there is no viable alternative: Facebook is in charge, at least for now, so media companies have to follow their lead. Perils of Micro-Targeting It's not just the media that has been upended by Facebook, but also political campaigns. Unlike newspapers, though, campaigns have been able to nimbly adapt to this new era by deploying micro-targeted political ads aimed at tightly defined groups of people. These ads earned Facebook upwards of $1 billion this election cycle. The targeting begins even before the ads are run. In late 2015, the Guardian reported that a political data firm, Cambridge Analytica, had paid academics in the U.K. to amass Facebook profiles of U.S. voters with demographic details and records of each user's “likes.” They used this information to develop psychographic analyses of more than 40 million voters, ranking each on the scale of the “big five” personality traits, including openness, conscientiousness, extroversion, agreeableness, and neuroticism. Groups working with the Ted Cruz presidential campaign then used these studies to develop television commercials targeted for different types of voters, placing them in programming they'd be most likely to watch. When the Republican Jewish Coalition was meeting at the Venetian in Las Vegas in May, 2015, for instance, the Cruz campaign unleashed a series of Web-based advertisements visible only inside the hotel complex that emphasized Cruz's devotion to Israel and its security.
Micro-targeting has made it virtually impossible to hold political campaigns accountable.
According to a Bloomberg article , Cambridge Analytica used those same profiles of American voters at the very end of Trump's campaign to “bombard” them with Facebook ads. The messages were not exclusive to pro-Trump advertisements. The campaign also used a three-pronged approach to keep certain groups of people from the polls—”voter suppression,” they called it. The targets were idealistic white liberals, young women, and African Americans, according to a Trump campaign official, and each group was sent ads designed to discourage them from voting. One of the ads targeted at suppressing the African American vote reportedly involved a South Park style animation entitled “Hillary Thinks African Americans are Super Predators.” Clinton's campaign ran a “get out the vote” micro-targeting campaign that heavily relied on Facebook's user data to encourage people to vote for the candidate. In one series of ads, they targeted people from Ohio aged 18–34 along with people in Pennsylvania and Florida who had an African-American “affinity,” Facebook's proxy for race which is based on content users like and share. News of this campaign was reported by the New York Times , which built a browser add-on for readers to submit micro-targeted political ads to the paper. Micro-targeting through the use of algorithms has made it virtually impossible to hold political campaigns accountable. A nosy journalist used to be able to document how a politician's message changed from town to town simply by following a campaign and paying close attention. Now, that information is much harder to come by. Such transparency is a relic of the past.
Recieve emails about upcoming NOVA programs and related content, as well as featured reporting about current events through a science lens. Email Address Zip Code Subscribe
End of Accountability? As a thought experiment, what would the modern journalistic snoop have to do to hold politicians accountable? In today's data- and algorithm-driven era, it may not be possible because of the sheer amount of work required to fool the algorithms. It is not enough simply to visit the candidate's web page, because they, too, use reams of data to automatically profile and target each visitor, weighing everything from their zip codes to the links they click on the page—even the photos they appear to look at. It's also fruitless to create dozens of “fake” profiles to probe the myriad ways which campaigns target voters because the campaigns' systems are hard to fool. They associate each real voter with a wealth of deep, accumulated knowledge, including purchasing records, addresses, phone numbers, voting records, and even social security numbers and Facebook profiles. For a fake profile to convince the system it's real, each one would have to come with its own load of realistic looking data. Fabricating just one fake profile would require an enormous amount of work for a research project (and in the worst case scenario, it might get the investigator tangled up in fraud). The depth of secrecy surrounding both political campaigns' targeted messaging and Facebook's algorithms has created a system that is easily exploited by fake, misleading, and manipulative information. It has become increasingly difficult for voters to carefully and rationally compare politicians on the issues. For democracy to function, it needs elections, voters, candidates, and an informed public. The last is absolutely crucial to a healthy democracy. People need to be aware of what politicians actually think, what their plans are, and how they propose to fulfill their promises. It's the kind of information that's getting hard—maybe impossible—to come by in the modern Facebook world. Portions of this article are based chapters in Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy by Cathy O'Neil and published by Crown Random House.
Image credit: Tim De Chant/WGBH
Jon Finkel is one of the most successful players ever to play Magic. The Hall of Fame Pro has 12 Pro Tour Top 8s, 3 Grand Prix wins, and an Invitational win that put their likeness on Shadowmage Infiltrator.
If I'm writing a preview article, it can only mean one thing—Shadowmage Infiltrator is being reprinted in Modern Masters 2015 Edition. That's right—two years ago, you got Dark Confidant…and now you're getting me.
I know a lot of you are asking the obvious question: "Why Dark Confidant first?" I go to tournaments all the time and people come up to me and say, "I wanted to get a Shadowmage for you to sign, but I couldn't find any. Could you please sign this Island instead?" Look around at a Modern tournament and there are Bobs everywhere—on tables, under glass, in trade binders. It seems like everyone has at least four, while the demand for Shadowmages is so great that there's nary a one to be found. Thankfully Wizards of the Coast has finally recognized this problem and has taken a major step to meet the overwhelming demand.
I have made a great many mistakes in my magic career. I played White-Blue Control instead of Necro at the first Pro Tour. I played Blue-Red Control over Necro at Pro Tour Dallas. I played White-Blue Control over Cadaverous Bloom at the first Pro Tour Paris. I just played ChromantiFlayer in Belgium (other poor deck choices edited out for space). I didn't block a Wolf token this one time.
But Shadowmage Infiltrator is my favorite mistake. I think back on what could have been. Dark Confidant, Meddling Mage, Snapcaster Mage, Psychatog! I also never played a Psychatog deck when it was good. Maybe I just didn't like playing control enough.
Art by Tomasz Jedruszek
When I won the invitational in Sydney all the way back in 2000, I already knew the card I wanted to design. As someone who'd played a lot of decks with Wrath of Gods and Counterspells, all I wanted was a way to kill all my opponent's creatures and then also be able to counter their next threat. Not too much to ask for, right? This was just after Urza's Saga, and the lovely untap lands mechanic—as seen in cards like Palinchron, Frantic Search, and Time Spiral—had just debuted. It was one of the best-balanced Standard formats in a long time. And by that I mean possibly the least-balanced format ever.
So, why not take Wrath of God, add a mana to the cost, add another color (blue), and have it untap your lands after? Then I subtracted back a mana so the Wizards' design team could "balance it" after they decided it was broken. Thus was born "Wrath of Leknif." Sorcery. 1WWU: Bury all creatures. Untap up to four target lands.
If you don't know what "bury" means, find someone who remembers the Clinton administration and ask.
Sadly, about five days after its birth, "Wrath of Leknif" was laid to rest. There were a number of spurious reasons given.
First: Some people thought that my naming choice was a little bit hubristic, replacing "God" in the name with Finkel spelled backwards. I don't see it. Second: Wizards just had some eensy weensy problems with the untap lands mechanic during a period affectionately referred to as "Combo Winter." Sure, no one was going to combo off untapping lands to cast Wrath of God but, in their perfect world, all evidence of this mechanic would be stricken from history. They wanted to take it out behind the woodshed, put it out of its misery, and then bury the pieces of its dismembered remains throughout the world so that it could never see the light of day again. Third: I was the first person to request something other than a creature for their card, based on the rationale that "creatures suck." Wizards realized this was something they hadn't considered and decided they wanted all the invitational cards to be creatures.
Given these constraints, I went back to my favorite creature of all time: Ophidian (props to David Humpherys for playing with this first). The reality was that I only played Forbiddian at 1998 Nationals because it was a lot of fun and Nationals wasn't that important a tournament. Later that summer, at Worlds, I played Deadguy Red instead since it was a much better deck. But, what if there was a better Ophidian? So, I made it hard to block by giving it "fear" (find the old timer you asked about "bury"), plus had it deal damage AND draw a card when it attacked. To balance it and keep it in flavor, I replaced a colorless mana in the casting cost with a black.
Whenever you make an offer and it gets accepted without change, it doesn't mean you did a good job. It means you didn't ask for enough. Still, in a universe where Psychatog was never made, it probably would have seen a lot of play. Find that old timer again and ask them what creatures used to look like, because it's nothing like what you're used to. Instead, Shadowmage ended up being a fringe-playable card. It showed up in decks and sideboards here and there, but never really had its day in the sun. And it has not aged well.
Which is why we've gotten almost to the end of the article and I've talked almost no strategy. There is no strategy for Shadowmage Infiltrator. If you put it in a serious Constructed deck, you are wrong. If you take them highly in a Cube draft, you are also wrong. If you play them in a Cube draft, you are likely, but not definitely, wrong. I haven't seen the rest of Modern Masters 2015 Edition, but I suspect Shadowmage will be playable but unspectacular. Which is about the best he's been in a very long time.
Overall I'm happy to see Shadowmage Infiltrator reprinted. I've signed tens of thousands of copies and, of course, it's the card I most identify with in Magic. I was lucky enough to be reprinted with the same art back in Time Spiral (the original art is awesome, right?) and to procure the original painting by Rick Farrell two years ago. While I'm sure this reprint won't be nearly as attractive as the original version, I look forward to drafting him, casting him, and, most importantly, drawing cards with him.
Alabama RB may transfer to Clemson, FSU or UCLA
Alabama has granted a release Friday that former 4-star RB Alvin Kamara can transfer to a school (outside of the SEC) so that they can continue their football career.
Kamara was one of four high profile RB commits that Alabama signed last year. They did not play as a first-year student and was redshirted and also was suspended for the the Sugar Bowl.
Crimson Tide RB Alvin Kamara tells me that they are transferring from #Bama.  They are headed to the ACC (likely Clemson or FSU) or Pac-12 (UCLA). — Radi Nabulsi (@RadiNabulsi) January 17, 2014
Kamara had told me previously they were unhappy at Bama and it had nothing to do with playing time. There were other factors. — Radi Nabulsi (@RadiNabulsi) January 17, 2014
An augmented-reality military tank that we can control from our iPhones to blast holes in real-world walls? Don't mind if we do. This demo shown at the Agumented Reality Event 2012 (created by Ogmento, a game development company) lets users blow through surfaces in the augmented-reality environment with the tank's cannon.
The application uses a system called Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) in real time to project and render the tank from all perspectives in new and unknown environments. The demo video below shows how the demonstrator is able to walk around the tank and see it from different angles without using a special environment or background for the app to work with. According to Ogment, SLAM "is typically used by robots and autonomous vehicles to build up a map within an unknown environment… while at the same time keeping track of their current location." Applying the system to AR games allows users to drop digital environment elements into any space.
Ogment is billing the tank as having "x-ray vision"—that is, when the tank spins its cannon and fires a shot at a detected surface, the AR application will display a "hole" showing "what's behind" that surface. In the demo video, a hole blasted in the tablecloth where Will Wright and Bruce Sterling are sitting shows bottles of booze and pantless legs (though if this were real and serious AR, it would show two bloody stumps instead). Oriel Bergig, vice president of research and development at Ogment, told Ars that other pre-loaded X-ray vision themes will include "scenery" and "urban."
But the X-ray vision is just a distraction; more important is the game's ability to render a tank in real time and space without prior preparation and to detect targetable surfaces in its environment. The demo video is embedded below for your perusal.
If you want an easy way to get live, broadcast TV onto your computer, you need a TV tuner. Whether it's an internal card or external peripheral, they connect to your antenna and give you a way to watch live TV on your computer's screen. Here are five of the best.
Earlier in the week, we asked you for the TV tuners you thought were the best . Ironically, of you nominees, few of them were actual cards, or PCIe cards you install in your computer. Instead, many of you preferred external peripherals and USB devices that connect to your computer more easily over cards to be installed into HTPCs. Here are your favorites, in no particular order:
Advertisement
Advertisement
Hauppauge's WinTV HVR 2250 is a half-height dual tuner PCIe card that supports both clear QAM from an unencrypted cable box or an over-the-air TV antenna. The card features an internal splitter, so you plug in one device, and you can watch two channels, or watch one and record another at the same time. The card comes an on-board MPEGF-2 encoder that handles video encoder without offloading the task to your CPU or graphics card. Beyond that, the card comes with a remote control, and features an IR blaster so you can program your favorite universal remote to work with it. It supports Windows Media Center, Windows 7 and 8, has in-chassis AV inputs and an external input, and even supports FM-radio recording. It even comes with an AV breakout cable for connecting to receivers and set-top boxes that don't use coaxial input.
Those of you who nominated the 2250 praised its dual tuners and internal splitter—in short pointing out that it's nice to be able to watch one program while recording something completely different. You noted that it comes with the option for multiple A/V capture from other devices, which makes it a great video input for your TV recording or digitizing needs, and its low-rise design means it's right at home in HTPCs or other small media centers. The price doesn't hurt either, you can grab one from Amazon for $109. You can read more in its nomination thread here .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The HDHomeRun series from SiliconDust is well regarded if you're looking for a network-attached TV tuner that can stream to all of your devices. The HDHomeRun Plus is a perfect example of this, and while it's not specifically a tuner card, it's certainly a tuner that can serve all of the devices on your home network. It sports dual tuners, so you can watch one thing while recording or streaming something else, it's tiny (about the size of a small cable box), features coaxial input for your OTA antenna or cable line (again, Clear QAM), supports Windows and Windows Media Center as well as MythTV on Linux, is DLNA compatible, and is compatible with the InstaTV apps for iOS and Android for mobile viewing.
Those of you who praised the HDHomeRun Plus noted that it's an exceptional DLNA server, and can easily stream to just about any DLNA compatible device in your home, from tablets and mobile devices to TV screens and A/V receivers. Many of you specifically called out its MythTV compatibility, and the fact that it's ideal if you're looking for a way to roll broadcast TV into your MythTV HTPC. If you're interested, they're $130 at Amazon. You can read more in its nomination thread here .
Advertisement
Advertisement
If you like Hauppauge's TV tuners but don't necessarily want to install a PCI card in your computer—or you have a laptop—the WinTV HVR 950Q is a USB alternative. It sports coaxial input for unencrypted cable (Clear QAM) or an OTA antenna, and comes with Hauppauge's WinTV software for viewing and recording TV programs, a remote control, and even a portable antenna you can use with it. It's single-tuner, so you shouldn't expect to be able to watch one thing and record another, but you will be able to pause, record, and resume live television, and you can schedule recordings for later with the included software. It's compatible with Windows Media Center, and Windows 7 and 8.
In the nomination thread, you praised the 950's portability and small size, and the fact that it's relatively plug-and-play with just about any Windows PC. An included antenna means you don't have to have your own OTA antenna to use it, but if you do, that's even better. If you already have an HTPC, this is a simple one-click operation, and while it may not be a TV tuner card, combined with its own DVR software and any other remote access software, you have a USB peripheral that gives you access to your local broadcast TV anywhere you go. The price is nice too—you can get one for $64 at Amazon. Read more in the nomination thread here .
Advertisement
Advertisement
AverMedia's Hybrid Volar Max is a USB TV tuner stick that sports coaxial input on one end for your OTA antenna, and USB on the other to connect to your computer. Installation is simple with the right drivers, and the Volar Max supports Windows 7 and Windows Media Center out of the box. It's single tuner, but has its own MPEG-2 video encoder on-board, offers 64-bit driver support, and all in all is a simple and affordable alternative to many other USB-based TV tuners. It supports FM Radio as well, and it ships with AverMedia's own DVR software to help you get started.
The Volar Max is portable, and ideal for laptop users looking for a way to get TV on their notebooks without prying them open. Those of you who praised it in the nominations round noted its portability and Windows support, praised its reliability, and noted AverMedia's included software makes it easy to set up and configure. It also includes a dongle for additional source input. There's no Linux support, though—this stick was made with Windows Media Center in mind. If you'd like one, they're $50 at Amazon. You can read more in its nomination thread here .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Elgato EyeTV made a strong showing in the nominations round, and if you can still get your hands on an EyeTV Hybrid (and we see plenty of used—and some overpriced ones—on Amazon and other sites), you have a great USB stick that supports OS X and Windows, connect to an external OTA antenna, and allows you to pause, watch, and record live TV on your computer or offload it to another device. It even comes with its own antenna, has a built-in programming guide (that you'll need a subscription to make use of, assuming you're in a supported country—you could do without it and use web-accessible TV listings instead and use it for free), and even support for FM radio on your computer.
The trouble with the EyeTV Hybrid is that technically it's been discontinued in North America. If you look at Elgato's website, you'll see that it's widely available in the EU, Australia, and several other countries, but North American countries are off the list. Sadly, most other EyeTV devices available require that you already have cable. That said, Elgato earns huge points for ease-of-use and broad features, and their products work well with OS X and Windows, thanks to their bundled software, and earned your praise in the nominations round. We found this listing at Amazon, which is a good place to start if you want a new one. Read more in the nomination thread here .
Advertisement
Now that you've seen the top five, it's time to put them to an all-out vote:
Advertisement
Honorable mentions this week go out to the Ceton InfiniTV 6 and InfiniTV4 PCIe, both of which are spectacular cards, but require that you already have a subscription to a cable or satellite provider in order to use them (since they both use CableCARDs), so they don't help you get that whole "free broadcast TV on your computer" experience we were looking for here. However, if you have cable and you want to turn your computer into a DVR, or you prefer to watch through your computer or HTPC instead of a cable box from the cable company, they're amazing devices that offer a ton of features. We could do an entire piece just on the benefits of replacing your cable box with your HTPC with a CableCARD.
We should also highlight the SiliconDust HDHomeRun Prime. It's the HDHomeRun Plus's bigger brother, sports three tuners, including support for CableCARD. It also has coaxial input for cable (although that coaxial input doesn't have an NTSC/ATSC tuner behind it, so no OTA TV), USB on the back, support for Windows Media Center and MythTV, and like the Plus, it's a DLNA server, which means you can stream video to just about any DLNA-compatible device on your home network, including game consoles, tablets, TVs, and receivers. Again, like the Plus, it supports remote control and DVR control from the InstaTV mobile app for iOS and Android, and more. You can even connect it to other HDHomeRun devices around your home network.
Want to make the case for your personal favorite, even if it wasn't included in the list? Remember, the top five are based on your most popular nominations from the call for contenders thread from earlier in the week . Don't just complain about the top five, let us know what your preferred alternative is—and make your case for it—in the discussions below.
Advertisement
Interview with the journalist and author Garance le Caisne
In their book ″Codename Caesar. Im Herzen der syrischen Todesmaschinerie″ (Codename Caesar. At the heart of the Syrian death machine), Garance le Caisne reveals Bashar al-Assad′s system of torture and the efforts of ″Caesar″ the photographer to put an end to the murder. Interview by Ruth Renee Reif
At the start of 2014, thousands of photos of Syrian torture victims appeared on the Internet. They had been taken by a photographer working for the Syrian military police. In 2011, when the protests against Bashar Al Assad′s dictatorship began in Syria, they were tasked with photographing the corpses of oppositionists who had been tortured to death. They were so horrified by what they saw that decided to copy the photos in secret and get them out of the country. In 2013, they fled from Syria and went into hiding using the alias "Caesar". Garance Le Caisne tracked them down and spoke to him.
Madame Le Caisne, the man known by the codename "Caesar" worked as a military police photographer, documenting Bashar al-Assad′s crimes against their people. The pictures were smuggled out of the country. Their authenticity was confirmed and they were displayed to the world. You met Caesar. How are they doing?
Garance Le Caisne: Caesar is disappointed by the international community′s inaction.  They are wondering why they put their own life and those of their loved ones at risk and caused them so much fear. But deep down, they know that this was the only course of action they could have taken. Maybe their ideas about world politics and international justice were too naive. They thought that if they showed these photos and people saw the criminality of Syria′s regime, Assad would be toppled immediately. And actually we in the West also find it disconcerting that the perpetrators haven′t been prosecuted. Caesar sometimes even fears that the western governments will resume contact with Assad, because they consider the fight against the terrorist organisation "IS" to be more important than the crimes of the regime.
The Syrian writer Samar Yazbek describes the West′s talk of combatting "IS" as hypocrisy. They say the bloodshed unleashed by Assad against their own people is a failure of the world′s conscience...
le Caisne: "What is happening in Syria is not just a Syrian affair. The oppression of the Syrian people by the Assad regime also concerns us in the West. "IS" draws its power from the dictatorship′s oppression"
le Caisne: It′s a great failure for humanity. What is happening in Syria is not just a Syrian affair. The oppression of the Syrian people by the Assad regime also concerns us in the West. "IS" draws its power from the dictatorship′s oppression. It came into being in Iraq in 2003 after the American invasion and the Iraqi regime′s marginalisation of the Sunnis. And it′s just the same in Syria. "IS" draws its power from the oppression of a certain section of the population.
How are we to explain the fact that the international community has turned a blind eye to what is happening in Syria to such a degree?
le Caisne: It′s even worse than that. The UN acknowledged this crime as such. It issued a report on the systematic torture in Syrian prisons and thus confirmed that torture and murder was taking place, independently of Caesar′s photos. But the international community doesn′t want to act on it. They see intervention as too complicated for them. Syria is a sovereign state and Assad an elected president. Even if they wasn′t elected democratically, they are recognised as having been elected. And then there′s the fact that they and their wife look like us. Their wife is very beautiful. They don′t wear a veil and they both appear "civilised". So it′s much more difficult to see the barbarism there than it is with the members of "IS", who post their crimes on social media for all to see.
You say that Barack Obama wasn′t prepared to take Caesar in. And yet Middle East experts apportion some of the blame for events in Syria to him...
le Caisne: I wouldn′t say that Obama is to blame. The responsibility lies with the Syrian regime. But Obama did make a mistake when they didn′t intervene in August 2013, after the poison gas attack. The reason was that they had just been elected by the American people on a promise that they were going to end American interventions in the Middle East. But it had disastrous consequences. In September, "IS" had already carried out their first big recruitment drive. The organisation was selling itself as the sole defender of Muslims. Nobody in the world was prepared to help the Muslims who were being attacked by the regime, they said. Only "IS" was defending Muslims. And that′s how they managed to win over a large number of fighters and followers.
Putin is even supporting Assad. What is Russia′s interests in Syria?
le Caisne: Russia has a naval base in Tartus. That′s why it has intervened militarily. It needs this base because it can′t reach the Mediterranean from its own territory. Plus, for a long time Syria was one of the main customers for Russian arms. And finally, Syria is important to Russia as a way to show the world that it′s a superpower and other states can′t cut it out of international decisions. Russia is in the middle of an economic crisis and Syria serves as a distraction from internal problems.
What do you think of the frequently raised argument that Assad′s fall would put Syria in danger of falling apart and we would be faced with a similar situation to the one in Libya?
le Caisne: This argument first came up after the 2011 revolution. It′s an attempt to save Assad. But it isn′t a legitimate argument. Syria has already fallen apart. The old Syria doesn′t exist any more. Part of the country is controlled by representatives of the regime, part by Islamists, another part by Kurds and a small part by moderate armed rebels. Though they are gradually vanishing from Syria. "IS" and the regime have both set their sights on them. And the majority of Russian strikes are aimed at them as well.
You quote a founding member of the Syrian National Movement as saying that "The world has lumped the real revolutionaries in with the jihadists". Is that what Assad wanted to achieve?
le Caisne: Yes, Assad wanted the demonstrators to be viewed as terrorists. That′s why they freed jihadists from prison in 2011. Syrians who had fought against the US army in Iraq were thrown in jail by Assad when they returned to Syria. When the revolution broke out, Assad released them. They filled the ranks of the al-Nusra Front. This group is linked with al-Qaeda and also sympathises with "IS". It was a way for Assad to show that the alternative to them could only be chaos. And so they demanded that people support them and not the revolutionaries. At certain points, this policy has worked. But eventually people will realise that the revolutionaries aren′t terrorists.
There are actually voices from the Arab world who insist that the revolution will succeed, even if it doesn′t look that way in Syria right now. What′s your assessment of the situation?
le Caisne: You can′t govern against the will of the people on a permanent basis. The Syrians are no exception to this. When more demonstrations took place in Aleppo, Idlib and elsewhere at the beginning of March, they showed that the Syrians still have this desire for political change, for democracy and freedom. Many are prepared to die for it. One day democracy will win out. But the price is high. This victory will have cost many thousands of lives and many bloody battles.
Waging war on their own people: UN investigators formally accused President Bashar al-Assad′s government of crimes against humanity in February 2016. The commmitte declared that, over the past four years, thousands of detainees have died while under arrest. Assad is seeking to destroy the civilian population. The experts also accused the jihadist militias IS and the Nusra Front of war crimes, citing proof of executions and the torture of prisoners
Syria has now been destroyed to such an extent that it′s impossible to imagine how the country can be inhabited again. You′ve travelled to Syria many times. What′s your impression?
le Caisne: When you go there as a journalist, you only get to go to certain areas. So you have to take care when you look at the photos you see from Syria. The terrible images from the city of Homs, for instance, that did the rounds in the second week of March, only showed the parts of the city that had been destroyed. The whole of Homs hasn′t been destroyed. But even if Syria lies in ruins, it can be rebuilt. What is far worse is the regime′s desire to destroy the mix of faiths. Around half the population are no longer living in their houses. Millions of Syrians have become refugees. Between three and four million have left the country. As many again have become displaced within Syria. Houses can be rebuilt. But when the relationships within families, between neighbours or the inhabitants of a district have been destroyed, I don′t know what hope can be left.
What steps must the West take to achieve a normalisation of the situation in Syria?
le Caisne: Above all, the crimes of the regime must be brought to trial. There is a great need among Syrians for the criminals to be taken to court. It isn′t possible to sentence all the perpetrators, but charges must be brought against those who are symbolic of the regime. That would also be a clear signal to anyone else who might feel the urge to commit crimes of this sort in the future. Then the guns must fall silent, so that the Syrians no longer need to flee. And it must be made clear that Assad and the higher ranks of the regime will have no part in any political solutions. They are responsible for mass crimes and you can′t go back to business as usual with criminals.
Interview conducted by Ruth Renee Reif
© Qantara.de 2016
Translated from the German by Ruth Martin
Garance le Caisne is a French journalist. They write for "Le Journal du Dimanche" and "L′Obs" and has been reporting on the Middle East since 1990. They have travelled to Syria several times since it has been ravaged by civil war.
The Clutter Culture
By Jack Feuer
UCLA's Center on Everyday Lives of Families continues its fascinating study of contemporary suburban America with a book titled Life at Home in the 21st Century. Thirty-two Los Angeles families opened their doors to CELF's researchers. What they found: a staggering number of possessions and an array of spaces and furnishings that serve as the stage for multiple family activities—and tell us a lot about who we are as a society.
Get stuff. Buy stuff. Keep it . Get more of it . Keep that, too. Display it all, and proudly.
Walk into any dual-income, middle-class home in the U.S. and you will come face to face with an awesome array of stuff—toys, trinkets, family photos, furniture, games, DVDs, TVs, digital devices of all kinds, souvenirs, flags, food and more. We put our stuff anywhere in the house, everywhere there's room, or even if there's no room. Park the car on the street so we can store our stuff in the garage. Pile the dirty laundry in the shower because there's nowhere else to store it and no time to wash it.
George Carlin famously observed that "a house is just a pile of stuff with a cover on it."
We are a clutter culture. But all that stuff also serves a serious purpose as source material for scientists and scholars. Today's action figure is tomorrow's historical artifact.
Yet while researchers record our purchases, take surveys, conduct interviews, even sift through our trash, a systematic documentation of the material worlds of contemporary American families has proven elusive, says linguistic anthropologist Elinor Ochs, director of UCLA's Center on Everyday Lives of Families (CELF), a nine-year interdisciplinary research project and one of six Sloan Centers on Working Families. That's because this area of research has heretofore stopped at our front doors.
A Cluttered Life: Middle-Class Abundance (Trailer)
UCLA anthropologists venture into the stuffed-to-capacity homes of dual income, middle-class American families.
Click here to watch full episodes.
Video by UCTV Prime
Now, however, a new book titled Life at Home in the 21st Century: 32 Families Open Their Doors takes the exploration of contemporary material culture inside American homes for the first time. Based on a groundbreaking, four-year, ethnoarchaeological CELF study conducted in 2001-2005, Life at Home is an intimate look at the material worlds of more than 30 busy families in the greater Los Angeles region.
The Life at Home families—dual-income, middle-class households with school-age children—agreed to open their homes and their lives to a week of filming and detailed photography of their houses and possessions. They live in all kinds of neighborhoods, earn varying levels of household incomes, are ethnically diverse and own their homes. And they represent a wide range of occupations: teachers, firefighters, nurses, small-business owners, lawyers, airline pilots and contractors, among others.
Life at Home is co-authored by Ochs; Jeanne Arnold, UCLA professor of anthropology; Anthony P. Graesch '97, M.A. '00, Ph.D. '06, at the time an anthropology graduate student and a postdoctoral scholar in archaeology at UCLA and now an assistant anthropology professor at Connecticut College; and Italian photographer Enzo Ragazzini.
The project generated almost 20,000 photographs, 47 hours of family-narrated video home tours and 1,540 hours of videotaped family interactions and interviews. But Life at Home is not just a scholarly catalog; it also delves deep into the psychological and social meanings of our possession obsession.
Stock Market Analysis
This Hedge Fund Stocks Package is designed for investors and analysts who need predictions of the best-performing stocks according to I Know First's stock market algorithm. It includes 20 stocks with bullish and bearish signals and indicates the best stocks to long and short based on artificial intelligence stock market analysis:
Top 10 Hedge Fund stocks for the long position
Top 10 Hedge Fund stocks for the short position
Package Name: Hedge Fund Stocks
Recommended Positions: Long
Forecast Length: 3 Months (09/21/2016 – 12/21/2016)
I Know First Average: 17.69%
This Hedge Fund Stocks Package forecast had correctly predicted 10 out of 10 stock movements. The top performing prediction from this package was URI with a return of 43.57%. CSX, and NRF had notable returns of 26.07% and 26.02%. The package's overall average return was 17.69%, providing investors with a 11.83% premium over the S&P 500's return of 5.86% during the same period.
United Rentals, Inc. (URI), through its subsidiaries, operates as an equipment rental company. It operates in two segments, General Rentals; and Trench, Power, and Pump.
Algorithmic traders utilize these daily forecasts by the Know First market prediction system as a tool to enhance portfolio performance, verify their own analysis and act on market opportunities faster. This forecast was sent to current I Know First subscribers.
Please note-for trading decisions use the most recent forecast. Get today's forecast and Top stock picks.
Tens of thousands of Chinese gathered in sweltering heat in Hong Kong on Sunday to protest against a pro-democracy campaign that has threatened to shut down the city's financial district, exposing a deepening rift over political reforms in the former British colony.
Beijing has allowed Hong Kong — returned to Chinese rule in 1997 — to go ahead with a popular vote in 2017, but who gets to run in those elections has yet to be determined. Pro-democracy groups have called on Beijing to allow open nominations rather than letting only "patriotic" pro-Beijing candidates to stand.
Hong Kong University researchers estimated that up to 88,000 people took part in the protest, about half the number they counted at a pro-democracy march on July 1.
Inspired by the Occupy Wall Street movement, the earlier pro-democracy demonstration ended with the arrests of hundreds who staged a sit-in in the financial district.
Occupy Central's organizers have sparked unease in Beijing with their plan to rally at least 10,000 people to freeze the specially administered Chinese financial hub's central business district if Beijing does not allow truly democratic elections for a leader in 2017.
The rise in tit-for-tat street protests between pro-Beijing and pro-democracy groups underscores the challenges China faces in shaping its vision for the political future of Hong Kong.
One of the Occupy leaders told local newspaper South China Morning Post that while they respect their opponents' right to demonstrate, “I hope they can understand that Occupy Central will only be our last resort.”
Backed largely by Beijing-friendly groups, the Alliance for Peace and Democracy says it "desires peace and no violence.”
"We want to show that the march doesn't have to be violent and angry. It can be happy," said Robert Chow, a former Hong Kong radio host and spokesperson for the alliance.
The alliance says it has so far collected close to 1.5 million signatures, including that of Hong Kong leader Leung Chun-ying, saying the "illegal" Occupy campaign would tarnish Hong Kong's reputation and hurt business.
It wasn't possible to independently verify the number, which exceeded the almost 800,000 votes in Occupy Central's unofficial poll on democracy in June.
The anti-Occupy campaign kicked off early on Sunday with a run through the center of the city that attracted about 1,500 in temperatures as high as 86 degrees Fahrenheit, organizers said. Protesters sang Chinese Communist Party anthems and “Do you hear the people sing” from Broadway musical “Les Miserables,” according to Hong Kong tabloid Apple Daily.
The all-day rally, which marks the end of the alliance's month-long signature campaign, was overshadowed by speculation that some business groups had pressured people to take part.
Retiree Law Kwai-wing, 77, said they had traveled across the border from Guangdong province as part of a bus tour organized by the pro-Beijing Federation of Trade Unions (FTU)
"We do not support Occupy Central because it will bring trouble and instability to the city," Law told Reuters.
Many rally participants, mostly elderly, told Reuters they had been provided with free transport by various political and business groups. In one district, about 150 people boarded buses organized by the Hong Kong Livestock Industry Association.
In a Whatsapp message seen by Reuters, people were offered HK$350 ($45) to attend the rally "for five hours." The message sender, however, declined to provide their name or background.
Alliance spokesperson Chow dismissed such messages as fake and attempts to discredit the campaign.
Debate has raged over the format of the election for Hong Kong's next leader in 2017.
In March, Zhang Dejiang, the head of China's National People's Congress, told Hong Kong delegates attending the annual NPC meetings in Beijing that Western-style democracy would need to be adapted to Hong Kong.
In June, Beijing issued a white paper saying that “the high degree of autonomy enjoyed by Hong Kong is subject to the central government's authorization.”
Al Jazeera and wire services
There are only two countries in the world that do not guarantee paid maternity leave: The United States and Papua New Guinea. Despite the fact that the US ranks second in the world for highest GDP, while Papua New Guinea falls at 139th, working women in both countries face the same fears, often having to choose between motherhood and a career.
When the US passed the Family and Medical Leave Act in 1993, it left many women feeling cornered. The act ensures 12 weeks of unpaid time off for full-time workers at companies with at least 50 employees—about 60 percent of the American workforce. Unfortunately, this leaves women who cannot afford the time off with no choice but to decline staying at home with their newborn, while others fear that requesting paid time off will compromise their job security.
President Obama signed a Presidential Memorandum in January 2015, advancing six weeks of paid parental leave to all federal employees. With the presidential election approaching, efforts towards catching up with the rest of the world in this category are garnering attention with the hope of influencing voters' decisions. As they make their minds up, millennial women are looking to see how the candidates' stance on the issue will impact their lives and their vote.
In this episode of Ovary Action, Broadly travels to Sweden—a nation that offers 480 days of paid leave—and Papua New Guinea to compare how their policies fare against our own. Host Tracie Morrissey explores the options for new mothers with contrasting incomes, along with the policies that could improve the grim state of unpaid maternity leave in the US.
People in Mali, Chad, Senegal and Sierra Leone enjoy healthier diets than their counterparts in the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan or Canada, according to a study published in The Lancet Global Health this spring.
Using self-reported diet surveys from 187 countries that are home to 89% of the world's adult population, researchers led by Fumiaki Imamura from the University of Cambridge analyzed the intake of healthy foods such as fruit, vegetables, legumes, whole grains, and fish, as well as foods containing fiber and omega-3s. They also looked at the consumption of unhealthy foods such as sugary drinks, saturated fats, sodium, and processed meats.
Taken all together, Sub-Saharan Africa, particularly West Africa, ranked better than wealthier regions in North America and Europe, probably because of a diet comprised of lean meats, vegetables, legumes, and staple starches, with less processed foods than countries that fared worse (such as the US and Russia):
"Dietary quality among men and women in 187 countries in 1990 and 2010: a systematic assessment," The Lancet, March 2015.
There's one important caveat. The study examines only nutrition—the quality of diet—and does not speak to the quantity of food consumed. It assumes that all adults surveyed are consuming 2,000 calories a day. The prevalence of malnourishment in Sub-Saharan Africa was around 24% (pdf, p. 8) in 2012, according to the Food and Agriculture Organization.
“Looking at just diet quality is not perfect, we know,” Imamura told Quartz. “For better public health, we should all look at any social and environmental factors. But, we found little global-health research on diet quality based on what people actually eat. So, we decided to fill the piece of many existing issues.”
The main conclusion of the study is that in much of the world, eating habits are getting worse. Worldwide consumption of healthy foods increased, but in high-income countries that was often outpaced by the growing intake of unhealthy foods, the study found.
"Dietary quality among men and women in 187 countries in 1990 and 2010: a systematic assessment," The Lancet, March 2015.
These eating habits contribute to the non-communicable diseases—cancer, cardiovascular disease, and respiratory illnesses—that are expected to account for 73% of all deaths by 2020. That's a reality that is already being felt in the developing world, including some parts of Africa, as people settle into more sedentary, urban lifestyles, and obesity rates rise.
If you're interested in foraging for wild food then it's highly likely that you've heard about the plight of the Signal crayfish in the UK waters. In this article we'll take a look at a bit of the background story involving Signal crayfish, and then we'll dive deep into how to catch them – including applying for a license, getting the traps, and most importantly finding a stretch of water in the UK that contains the non-native crayfish.
Background story of the Signal Crayfish – Why are they here?
This American Signal crayfish was introduced to the UK in the late 70's as part of an aquaculture program to farm the crustacean to be used as a source of food.
It turned out that the Signal crayfish (Pacifastacus leniusculus) wasn't quite as calm and dormant as the experts had expected; instead it when on a bit of a rampage, escaping any enclosures and entering the nearest bodies of water (they're actually pretty fast when on land too). This turned into a bit of an ecological nightmare as there was already a native crayfish in the UK waters, namely the White-clawed crayfish (Austropotamobius pallipes). This native crayfish is a much smaller and less aggressive type of crustacean, whereas the non-native Signal is relatively large, fast growing and aggressive. It also loves to burrow into our river-beds, making a little nest for itself whilst really devastating the riverbank. This also leads to the silting-up of the river bed, and can really affect the ecology of the waterways. If all of that wasn't bad enough, the non-native Signal crayfish also carries the crayfish plague, which of course the native crayfish has no resistance to.
Now if all that background story wasn't enough motivation for you, it turns out that the Signal crayfish is actually very delicious to eat (who'd have guessed it?!) and that by repeated and extensive trapping of them in areas where they're prolific, their numbers can be reduced. Many experts believe it's already too late, and that the tables have turned too far in their favour (our native white-clawed Crayfish is now only found in the Midlands and further North) but we shouldn't give up on them just yet!
Disclaimers and Warnings – Think before you Trap!
There are a few very important points worth knowing before you decide to go out trapping crayfish. First of all, you'll need a license from the Environmental Agency. Second, you need to ensure you're using the correct gear – traps can and will catch other wildlife, with otters being one other likely catch. These are of course highly-protected and so you can get in a lot of trouble if you are to accidentally catch any. You also have to be extremely careful not to catch the native white-clawed crayfish, and this is only possible by laying traps in areas of water where the native crayfish isn't resident. So some background research will need to be carried out before you go crayfish catching. A few years ago the Daily Mail reported that somebody was caught (and later eating) the native, White-clawed crayfish, by mistake. They were ordered to pay a fine of £4,000 by the court – don't let that be you!
It's also really important to only trap in non-native crayfish waters, and to clean your trapping equipment after use, due to the risk of transferring the deadly crayfish plague from one area of water to another. Some people simply lay their trapping gear in the sun once they're finished, as this allows the heat to kill off any fungal bacteria present on the equipment.
What you need to be able to Catch Crayfish
Luckily there are just a few things you need in order to be able to go out and catch your own Signal Crayfish:
A License
In order to go out and legally catch Signal Crayfish, you'll need to apply for a license from the Environmental Agency. You can do so, and find out a lot more information about the process, from this page and you can download the license application form here. Thankfully it's completely free to apply for a license to trap Crayfish.
A Location to Trap
This is where it can get a bit tricky for some people. As part of the license application process, you will need to give details of exactly where you will be trapping. This is because some areas aren't suitable – either because there are native crayfish present, or there are otters present, or some other reason (Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) for example).
The problem is, how do you find out where you can find the Signal Crayfish in your local area? This is something we'll take a look at a bit later on.
Landowners Permission
You will have to have the landowners permission before you put down any traps. This can also put some people off, but if you've been lucky enough to find a location where the crayfish are present then why not ask the landowner – maybe you can offer them a few delicious crayfish as a reward later on. This permission is needed as part of the regulations set out by the Environmental Agency.
The Correct type of Traps
Finally you have to ensure that you're using the right type of traps – there is a required size of the entrance hole, and this is to try and prevent otters and other threatened animals entering and becoming trapped. From the Environment Agency website the dimensions are:
no longer than 600mm
no wider than 350mm at the widest point
an entrance no more than 95mm wide
mesh no bigger than 30mm at its widest point
They must also have the EA identity tags attached.
You can purchase traps that meet the above criteria from these websites:
http://thecrayfishcompany.com/crayfish-traps.html
Videos on Crayfish Trapping
Where can I find Signal Crayfish near me?
As mentioned earlier, you need to know the location you'll be trapping Crayfish when making the application to the Environment Agency. But how do you find these creatures – they're meant to be prolific, yet it can be tricky pinning them down to a specific spot, and a lot of it will rely on local information.
The Signal crayfish were originally introduced in Southern England, and this is why the southern counties are so worse-hit by the influx of non-natives. It may also be because it's a bit cold for them up North, or they just prefer the warmer Southern weather (who can blame them). That being said, they have been reported in Scotland, and even on the Isle of Man, but Crayfish haven't yet been found in Ireland.
Our advice on finding Signal crayfish near you is to befriend some local fisherman. Try heading down to your nearby rivers, where fisherman are present, as they obviously spend many hours by the riverbank and will have seen all-sorts. To them, the crayfish are a pain because they eat and scare away fish, and will also have a go at the bait on their line.
The next step would be to try your nearby fishing lakes. This is where the crayfish can cause huge problems – this is a bit more of a “commercial” venue, so anything like crayfish will really do damage to their trade. Try speaking to any of the people running the lakes, and any fisherman, to see if they've noticed any. Crayfish are pretty greedy and so there's a lot of food in these lakes – either from the well-stocked lakes, or the copious amounts (and varieties) of baits used by fishermen.
Local wildlife agencies and branches of your Environment Agency may also be willing to help you out on your quest if you've not struck crayfish-gold just yet. If you haven't already you may also want to check on the internet for any references – from local fishing forums or even on social media. One quite unknown source of finding their approximate location is by using photo-sharing site Flickr – just search for Signal Crayfish, and then select a few relevant images. If you look below the post you will often find a small map displaying the location the photo was taken, as well as the date (unless the photographer has opted out of sharing this data).
How to Trap Crayfish
Now finally, down to the nitty-gritty – how to catch these elusive Signal Crayfish. There are a few techniques to catching them – some people like to chuck-in a line with a piece of bacon wrapped around it, an old fish-head, or even some catfood (just puncture a tin several times to let the aroma escape). Smell is important to crayfish so anything like the above would work well, and this can be a nice “tester” to see if any are present – and it's also great fun too (just like crabbing by the seaside!).
Another way to detect their presence is by looking for small holes in the riverbank – this is where they've been nesting, and so should be a good location to try.
After establishing they're presence you'll want to bring out the big toys – here's where you can use a collapsible trap, perhaps one which you've ordered online, or you can also try making your own (just be sure its the correct size, based on the dimensions mentioned earlier). You should place the baited trap (fish-head, catfood) into the water, and tie it to the nearby riverbank to stop it floating away and doing some lasting damage to other wildlife. Make a note of the time you placed it and come back in 24 hours time – this is really important as you can then release any other bycatch, if you were unlucky enough to catch any.
When returning the next day, you should bring with you some kind of holding-cage to allow you to keep any that you've caught. Pull gently on the ropes to bring the trap in close (some of the Crayfish can be holding on from the outside, trying to get at the food) and then empty over your holding cage/basket. It's worth noting at this stage that it's illegal to return any non-native Crayfish once you've caught them. You should also try to correctly identify them in case any of them are the native white-clawed crayfish, in which case those will need to be returned.
If you want to check out some other trapping techniques, The Guardian did an article several years ago about trapping Crayfish, in which they used an old bike wheel as a drop-net. There's also an excellent guide to trapping from the guys at ForageSussex – I really recommend taking a look at both of those, especially the latter.
I've also included a video below from the foraging-legend that is Ray Mears, where in one of their programmes they capture and then cooks the Signal Crayfish – if you weren't already convinced about giving them a try!
How to Prepare Crayfish before eating
The Signal crayfish is delicious and not too far from the taste of lobster. If you do want to ensure you have the best possible culinary experience, we really recommend leaving the crayfish to “purge” for 24 hours before being consumed. As you can imagine, when they spend their lives in the river-bed feeding on all sorts they can accumulate some dirt and grit, so leaving them in a bucket of clean water for a period of time should allow them time to expel any waste products. That's not to say they wouldn't still be delicious fresh from the river!
Incidentally, if you're going to be keeping your crayfish for longer than 24 hours you'll probably need to apply for a special license from the Environmental Agency, separate from your standard license to trap. This depends on where you're located in the UK though, and when we enquired about this they stated that because of our location (Dorset), the native crayfish was so well established that it wouldn't matter if they were to escape if we held them, so the extra license wasn't a requirement.
As with many other crustaceans, the RSPCA recommends that before killing your catch you leave the crayfish in the freezer for about an hour to render them unconscious. This makes their dispatch, when plunged into rapidly boiling water, much less painful. They may be a nuisance to the UK wildlife and water-habitats but that doesn't mean you shouldn't respect your catch and give them the most painless end to their life as possible.
Our favourite way of preparing crayfish is simply to place them into boiling water for about 5 minutes, until bright red, and then serve immediately – well, when cool enough to handle! Crack them open on the table and serve with a home-made garlic-mayonnaise dip, alongside some chunky home-made chips.
Image caption In the Ecrins Massif, glacial retreat is more than three times stronger than in the Mont Blanc region
Glaciers in the French Alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past 40 years, according to new research.
In the late 1960s/early 1970s, the ice fields slipping down Mont Blanc and the surrounding mountains of the European range covered some 375 sq km.
By the late 2000s, this area had fallen to about 275 sq km.
The research has been presented at the American Geophysical Union (AGU) Fall Meeting, the world's largest annual gathering of Earth scientists.
It mirrors some findings of retreat occurring in other sectors of the Alps which sit across the borders of several nations, but predominantly Switzerland, Austria, Slovenia, Germany, France, and Italy.
The new French Alps glaciers inventory was produced by Marie Gardent, from the University of Savoie, and colleagues.
It assessed the roughly 600 glaciers in broad areas incorporating the Ecrins, Belledonne, Vanoise, Ubaye and Grande Rousse Arves massifs, as well as the famous Mont Blanc Massif in the north.
The team drew upon map archives, past satellite imagery and aerial photographs. Manual inspection was used to check the automatic delineation methods employed in the pictures was correct.
"We use manual delineation to verify the satellite data because there can be a problem with debris cover on a glacier," explained Ms Gardent.
"Automatic delineation from satellite data will sometimes say there is no glacier when in fact we know there is one there. Also, deep shadows can hide the glacier margins."
Image caption A great deal of effort is now going into monitoring the status of Alpine glaciers
The only existing glacial inventory from the French Alps was published four decades ago within the context of the World Glacier Inventory. It found the overall area of ice to be about 375 sq km.
By 1985-86, in spite of a short advancing period in the late 70s/early 80s, glacial coverage had decreased to a value close to 340 sq km, the new survey shows.
Since then, the withdrawal has accelerated, with the area being reduced to about 275 sq km in the late 2000s.
Image caption Nasa's Landsat spacecraft looks down on Mt Blanc and La Mer de Glace snaking off to the north-west
This represents an average loss of some 26% over the last 40 years. The retreat is not uniform across the French Alps, however. The greatest losses have been seen in the southern sectors. In the Belledonne Massif, for example, glaciers have almost completely disappeared; and in the Ecrins Massif, glacial retreat is more than three times stronger than in the Mont Blanc Massif.
"The glacier retreat is less important in the northern Alps than in the southern Alps," Ms Gardent emphasised.
"We think this is because of the lower elevation of the mountains in the south, but also because of climatic conditions which are different. There is more precipitation in the north and there is also more cloud."
The northern region includes the biggest French glacier of all - La Mer de Glace, which falls over a 1,000m in altitude down Mont Blanc itself. Its area today is just over 30 sq km, a shade smaller than the 31.5 sq km in the late 1960s/early 1970s.
Efforts to assess and monitor glacier health are going on across the Alpine region.
At this very meeting three years ago, Swiss researchers reported that glaciers on their part of the European range were also losing mass at an accelerating rate.
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Michigan dropped from No. 3 to No. 5 in the AP Poll after losing to Ohio State, which stayed at No. 2. (AP Photo/Jay LaPrete)
After losing to Ohio State in Columbus on Saturday, Michigan dropped from No. 3 to No. 5 in the latest Associated Press Top 25.
Ohio State stayed at No. 2 behind top-ranked Alabama, and Michigan's slide allowed Clemson and Washington to each move up a spot to No. 3 and No. 4 respectively. Michigan dropping two spots pushed Wisconsin from No. 5 to No. 6 despite its win over Minnesota while Oklahoma, Penn State and Colorado all stayed at Nos. 7, 8 and 9.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
USC won its eighth in a row in a rout over Notre Dame and moved up to No. 10. Undefeated Western Michigan, now at No. 13, remains the top-ranked Group of Five team after beating Toledo.
And notably, six teams — No. 17 Stanford, No. 19 Virginia Tech, No. 20 Navy, No. 22 Iowa and Nos. 24 South Florida and Pittsburgh (tied with 168 points) — moved into the Top 25 after previously being unranked.
Here is the full Week 14 Top 25:
1. Alabama
2. Ohio State
3. Clemson
4. Washington
5. Michigan
6. Wisconsin
7. Oklahoma
8. Penn State
9. Colorado
10. USC
11. Oklahoma State
12. Florida State
13. Western Michigan
14. West Virginia
15. Florida
16. Louisville
17. Stanford
18. Auburn
19. Virginia Tech
20. Navy
21. LSU
22. Iowa
23. Nebraska
24. South Florida
24. Pittsburgh
More college football from Yahoo Sports:
– – – – – – –
Sam Cooper is a writer for the Yahoo Sports blogs. Have a tip? Email them or follow them on Twitter!
The Jamie Dimon Dip
Cryptiv Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 14, 2017
Those poor millennials! Not only do they have to forgo home ownership in lieu of avocado toast, but their favorite anarchist's asset class, cryptocurrencies, are down ~30% over the past week.
What on earth has caused this? Was it Jamie Dimon's dad-like lecturing of “stupid traders” (including their own daughter!) inflating the cryptocurrency bubble? Was it rumored of the Chinese imposing yet another ban on Bitcoin, or ICOs, or issuing their own crypto-asset?
What's the matter, Jamie?
So with that in perspective, let us ask an important question- why is Jamie so bent out of shape? Why do they care to comment about Bitcoin?
I mean, it isn't exactly the first time the King of JPM has spoken out against decentralized money. They famously said “it's a terrible store of value” in 2014.
The first possibility is that Jamie is right, crypto is akin to the Tulip Mania of the 1600's and they are just trying to help these misguided millennials understand financial history. After all, something that rises 20x in a few years, and creates an orgy of copy cats (some which are more successful than others), can never be sustainable, right? There is, however, a small technical difference. As far as I know, it was not possible to instantly transfer a tulip between peers on a distributed network by leveraging readily available smartphones in a manner that no political or military authority could stop…
Which brings me to my next point — maybe Jamie is wrong. Or, better yet, maybe Jamie is scared of something they see.
That second possibility is that crypto will eat finance over the next 10 years, just like software “ate everything” over the last 20 years. Which means that instead of the Tulip mania, maybe 2017 is akin to 1994. If this is the case, we may be on the cusp on an internet-bubble revolution that shakes “money” to its core, putting Jamie's entire empire up for grabs.
So, which one is it? Is it Jamie right, or is it their millennial daughter (who sounds like a better trader than Dad) that sees the big picture?
Again, who knows… markets tend to decide these kinds of things over the long run. But, if this is a coin-flip, which outcome will really move the needle of human history?
The bird of paradise is a uniquely beautiful and remarkably hardy ornamental. It is, as you will see, the queen of houseplants.
Strelitzia, the sciency (genus) name for the bird of paradise plant group hails from none other than Queen Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz herself. Queen Charlotte was after all an avid amateur botanist.
But first a little background. Little Charlotte was born in Mecklenburg-Strelitz, what is now Northern Germany, in 1744. The area was named after the House of Mecklenburg, one of the longest ruling dynasty's in European history. They didn't have a ton of education and was married off to King George the III when they were 17. This provided them the opportunity to thrive but also resulted in a great deal of struggle. And they did thrive. They lived, you guessed it, in Buckingham Palace. They loved music. They sang solo alongside Mozart on occasion. They were even pen pals with Marie Antoinette.
Them husband however, was insane. To avoid their erratic and unexplainable rants she'd often seek refuge in Kew gardens, a botanical mecca of what is now the greatest and most diverse collection of plants on the planet. Captain James Cook and Sir Joseph Banks were constantly bringing in new specimens from around the globe. The queens support of their efforts and special attention to the collection is what prompted Banks to name the most common bird of paradise plant species after her: Strelitzia reginae, as reginae means “queen” in Latin. The plant itself however was discovered by one of Banks' pupils – Francis Masson.
The common name however comes from the plants resemblance to actual birds-of-paradise. The birds have a rich history themselves. The birds are nothing short of astonishing, especially during courtship display. Paradise birds are found on New Guinea, and surrounding islands. Their plumage has been used for ceremonial dress since human settlement. Magellan, the world famous 15th century portuguese explorer (whom we insultingly named our first GPS units after) had recorded that endemic islander called them bolon diuata or “birds of God.” In fact, folklore surrounding the birds often resulted in exploratory crews referring to them as the mythical phoenix.
In the 1700s, the swedish botanist, doctor, and dude who named most of the plants and animals Carl Linnaeus, called the birds Paradisaea apoda, the second word referring to the absence of feet on the samples explorers sent back for examination.
In the 1800s, Alfred Wallace, the naturalist who independently developed their own competing and equivalent ideas on evolution, studied them in great detail in New Guinea themselves noting much more about their characteristics than previous scientist. (Darwin published their theories first as you might have guessed, since you've probably never heard of Wallace).
All of this incredibly rich and romantic history in a common houseplant, you may own or at least have probably seen somewhere on display. A poetic plot that rivals screenplay with many of the historical figures whose accomplishments we're all vaguely familiar with. Sitting there, embracing the sun, providing us with oxygen we need to live. To me, this backstory, this knowledge is pure nirvana.
Paradise, if you will.
U.S. Senate candidate Ted Cruz has a 10-point lead going into Tuesday's primary runoff in Texas against rival Republican David Dewhurst, according to a PPP poll released Sunday.
Cruz leads 52 percent to Dewhurst's 42 percent, according to PPP. The result shows Cruz pulling farther ahead, up from 49 percent to 44 percent just two weeks ago.
Dewhurst, the Texas lieutenant governor, has spent millions of their own dollars and received the backing of prominent members of the state Republican Party.
Cruz, however, has proven a tough challenger in the race for retiring GOP Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison's seat. Cruz, former state solicitor general, has drawn a crowd of Tea Party leaders to their side, including Sen. Jim Demint (R-S.C.) and Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.). Sarah Palin has also campaigned for Cruz, including a trip to a planned community called the Woodlands with Cruz on Friday.
“We're on the 2-yard line," Cruz said during Friday's event, according to Politico. "We have marched the entire length of the field. We started out up in the hot dog stands. ... But we are facing a battle to push it those final two yards. Do the grassroots matter? This race is the test for that proposition.”
The Cruz-Dewhurst battle, forced into a runoff after May's Republican primary deadlocked, at one time seemed a lock for Dewhurst. Fundraising numbers backed up that assumption. According to the Center for Responsive Politics, the lieutenant governor has raised $19.2 million, compared with Cruz's $8.8 million. Dewhurst has donated $11.2 million to their own campaign, while their Cruz has spent $795,000.
However, Cruz's ability to attract grassroots supporters dissatisfied with Gov. Rick Perry's (R) leadership has bolstered their unlikely lead.
"Cruz's victory is driven by four things: the Tea Party, the enthusiasm of their supporters, a generational divide within the Texas Republican ranks, and the lack of regard the party base currently holds for Rick Perry," PPP wrote.
10 more election stories from beyond the presidential field:
Connecticut House Speaker Donovan (D-Meriden) Now Faces Competitively Republican 5th District [The CT Mirror]
GOP Fundraising Convention In Placer County To Increase Attendance Tenfold [The Sacramento Bee]
San Diego Mayoral Race Pits Rep. Bob Filner Against City Councilmember Carl DeMaio [The San Diego Union Tribune]
Maryland Freshman GOP Delegate Facilitates Referenda To "Tame" The Blue State [The Baltimore Sun]
U.S. Rep. Conyers (D-Mich.) Receives Backing From Gun Control Advocacy Group [The Detroit News]
Single Moms Suffer Within Pennsylvania State Lines As Corbett Slashes Social Spending [The Philadelphia Inquirer]
Jeffries Comes Out On Top In The Battle For The 8th Congressional District Democratic Nomination [New York Daily News]
Deval Patrick Pushes The Legislature To Soften Their Stance On "Three Strikes" Bill [The Boston Herald]
Mourdock Receives Blowback From Statements Likening Chrysler Bailout To Slavery [Evansville Courier & Press]
Microsoft's Skype has long enabled people in different parts of the world to communicate with one another through video, voice, and text chat. Now the service is looking to expand those capabilities by testing out a feature that could allow people who don't speak the same language to talk with each other.
Today at the first annual CODE Conference, Microsoft head of Skype and Lync Gurdeep Singh Pall showed off a new speech-to-speech translation technology that the company is looking to introduce in future versions of its Skype products. The feature, which Skype is hoping to roll out in beta later this year, translates speech from one language to another in near real-time.
As it was demoed, the feature translated Pall's speech from English into text for transcription on a colleague's screen in German, and also into voice in German… and vice versa.
In a chat before the demo, Pall said “Skype is about bringing people closer, and breaking down barriers.” That started with the idea of cheap international calling and expanded into face-to-face communications via video. Now it's taking on the challenge of breaking the language barrier.
The feature was a collaboration between Skype, Bing, Microsoft's Research Lab, which has long been working on natural language processing and machine learning for a while. Language recognition is powered by the same technology as Microsoft's Cortana personal assistant on Windows 8.1.
At the conference, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said that the feature would be avialable later this year, and that the company would try to launch it on as many devices and apps as possible.
Tongues have been wagging in the TV industry that Kapil Sharma did not spare even Kiku Sharda, the lovable Palak, in their drunken state while returning home from the Land Of The Kangaroos.
So, we got down to a bit of sleuthing to find out if Kiku too was victimised.
Image Source: newpics
And yes! We are ashamed to tell you that Kapil let themselves go on Kiku too!
What exactly did they say? You might cringe as you read this. They told him: Main banaya hai tujhe. Hai Kaun tu? Sirf Rs 10,000 per day ka artiste.
Kiku did not reply. They just put their head down and retired to their seat.
Image Source: youtube/setindia
Is this how actors are being treated on The Kapil Sharma Show? Did the broadcaster Sony Entertainment Television know of Kapil's egoistic behaviour? Sources say that the man changed colors like a chameleon from November 2016. If no, why? If yes, wasn't Sony giving it a blind eye? Just because The Kapil Sharma Show has become its flagship show? So, the important celebrity in question associated with the show gets away with anything! Have self-respect and dignity become so cheap?
Look at the decency of Kiku. When we called them and spelt out to them what they underwent on that flight, they simply said, "I don't want to talk about that incident." However, please note that they did not deny the story.
Image Source: twitter/kikusharda
Sunil Grover and Chandan Prahakar have boycotted Kapil so far. It all began when Chandan was ridiculed in Australia, followed by physical violence with Grover on the Air India flight which brought them back home after they had completed their shows in Sydney and Melbourne.
Mend your ways, Kapil. The lights are dimming on The Kapil Sharma Show.
Thumbnail Image Source: punjabigram & youtube/setindia
"The best pairing with a nice medium rare burger and tomato and lettuce has to be the Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. It possesses a full piney pineapple aroma and flavor preceding a gentle bready, even a tad roasty, malt mid palate and finishing with a bitter crackle that can cut through the bite of a fresh onion and ketchup.
Condiments do matter, though, and for burgers some classic condiments might be sautéed onions and or mushrooms, in which case you want a beer with more body to take up the gauntlet. One could go with a nice Brown Ale here, Samuel Smiths Nut Brown with it's rich nutty caramel or perhaps the more bready and husky Lancaster Four Grain which is almost a bun in a glass. Speaking of darker beers, when dealing with bacon and blue cheese, or even caramelized onions a good rich Alaskan Baltic Porter then becomes the order of the day, carrying a dark fruit and molasses-like touch equal in power to the aromatic blue cheese and smoky bacon."— Alex Crowe (The Restaurant School at Walnut Hill College)
This is one of a series of interviews with scientists working at the convergence of nanotechnology, biotechnology, information technology and cognitive science. Participants discuss their definition of technological convergence, how this might affect various scientific fields and what obstacles must be addressed to reach convergence's full potential. In this video, Aude Oliva of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology discusses technological convergence.
This work is part of the international study, “Societal Convergence for Human Progress,” sponsored by the National Science Foundation, National Institutes of Health, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Environmental Protection Agency, Department of Defense and U.S. Department of Agriculture.
​After a French baccalaureate in Physics and Mathematics and a B.Sc. in Psychology (minor in Philosophy), Aude Oliva received two M.Sc. degrees –in Experimental Psychology, and in Cognitive Science and a Ph.D from the Institut National Polytechnique of Grenoble, France. They joined the MIT faculty in the Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences in 2004 and the MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory - CSAIL - in 2012.  They are also affiliated with the Athinoula A. Martinos Imaging Center at the McGoven Institute for Brain Research, and with the MIT Big Data Initiative at CSAIL.
Them research is cross-disciplinary, spanning human perception/cognition, computer vision, and cognitive neuroscience, focusing on research questions at the intersection of the three domains. Them work in Computational Perception and Cognition builds on the synergy between human and machine perception and cognition, and how it applies to solving high-level recognition problems like understanding scenes and events, perceiving space, localizing sounds, recognizing objects, modelling attention, eye movements and visual memory, as well as predicting subjective properties of images (like image memorability). Them research integrates knowledge and tools from image processing, image statistics, computer vision, human perception, cognition and neuro-imaging (fMRI, MEG).
Them work has been regularly featured in the scientific and popular press, in museums of Art and Science as well as in textbooks of Perception, Cognition, Computer Vision and Design.  They are the recipient of a National Science Foundation CAREER Award (2006) in Computational Neuroscience, an elected Fellow of the Association for Psychological Science (APA), and the recipient of the 2014 Guggenheim fellowship in Computer Science. Them research programs are funded by the National Science Foundation, the National Eye Institute, Google and Xerox. Them Curriculum-Vitae (pdf), their Google Scholar profile page.
Research Overview
Cross-disciplinary research bridges the gaps from theory to experiments to applications, accelerating the rate at which discoveries are made by solving problems through a novel way of thinking. To this end, my research in human perception and cognition span three disciplines:
Psychology: We employ psychophysics and behavioral methods to discover phenomena of human perception and cognition.
Computer Vision: We use methods in image processing and computer vision as tools to model and predict psychological phenomena as well as to provide computer vision with new applications.
Human Cognitive Neuroscience: Armed with theoretical and computational frameworks, we use brain imaging experiments (e.g., fMRI, MEG) to study how the human brain represents perceptual and cognitive phenomena.
My work has capitalized on visual scene understanding. Scene understanding is a multidisciplinary field, but the traditional layered structure of academia and publication outlets have created substantial barriers between researchers working on human perception and computer vision. In my work I have constantly sought to bridge these two areas of research. Building on foundations in image statistics and image processing, I have developed new experimental paradigms to study human perception and memory, and novel methods in human neuroscience. I have integrated ideas from cognitive psychology into computer vision and I have applied computer vision to model various ecological tasks like scene classification, depth perception, visual search and memory. I have also established successful bridges with computer vision, contributing to its awareness of studies in psychology. Some of my earlier contributions (i.e., hybrid images) have also made a strong impact outside the field of human perception. My 2001 paper in Int. J. of Computer Vision, which introduced the first holistic computational model of scene recognition, and what would later be referred as GIST features, has generated much follow-up work in both human vision and computer vision. Recently, I introduced a new domain of application of computer vision: memorability. The study of long-term memory provides another avenue of research in which to probe what kind of information is extracted, stored, and used to predict behaviors.
In order to evaluate the dynamics of perception, cognition and action in the human brain, measurements at the level of milliseconds and millimeters are required. Combining the best of two neuro-imaging techniques (ms-resolution MEG and mm-resolution fMRI) allows studying, in a non invasive manner, how recognition processes unfold concurrently in time and space in the human brain. In a first study in Nature Neuroscience 2014 (MIT news release), we have applied the new approach to visual object recognition.
As an undergraduate student, I studied the Philosophy of Existentialism: it teaches you “fall seven times, stand up eight” (Japanese proverb). I believe that building cross-disciplinary knowledge in various disciplines, for instance, psychology, computer science and neuroscience, is a way for researchers to keep up with the pace of technology development, and this for decades: choosing to be a researcher or a scientist of our time means being a trans-disciplinary thinker. I have witnessed too many times that, “at every crossway on the road that leads to the future, each progressive spirit is opposed by a thousand men appointed to guard the past,” (A.G. Bose) but also that, “logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.” (A. Einstein). I believe that cross-disciplinary education opens people's minds to imagine, believe in and do, the impossible.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brain%E2%80%93computer_interface
The Extended Mind
by Andy Clark & David J. Chalmers
1 Introduction
​Where does the mind stop and the rest of the world begin? The question invites two standard replies. Some accept the demarcations of skin and skull, and say that what is outside the body is outside the mind. Others are impressed by arguments suggesting that the meaning of our words "just ain't in the head", and hold that this externalism about meaning carries over into an externalism about mind. We propose to pursue a third position. We advocate a very different sort of externalism: an active externalism, based on the active role of the environment in driving cognitive processes.
2 Extended Cognition
Consider three cases of human problem-solving:
(1) A person sits in front of a computer screen which displays images of various two-dimensional geometric shapes and is asked to answer questions concerning the potential fit of such shapes into depicted "sockets". To assess fit, the person must mentally rotate the shapes to align them with the sockets.
(2) A person sits in front of a similar computer screen, but this time can choose either to physically rotate the image on the screen, by pressing a rotate button, or to mentally rotate the image as before. We can also suppose, not unrealistically, that some speed advantage accrues to the physical rotation operation.
(3) Sometime in the cyberpunk future, a person sits in front of a similar computer screen. This agent, however, has the benefit of a neural implant which can perform the rotation operation as fast as the computer in the previous example. The agent must still choose which internal resource to use (the implant or the good old fashioned mental rotation), as each resource makes different demands on attention and other concurrent brain activity.
How much cognition is present in these cases? We suggest that all three cases are similar. Case (3) with the neural implant seems clearly to be on a par with case (1). And case (2) with the rotation button displays the same sort of computational structure as case (3), although it is distributed across agent and computer instead of internalized within the agent. If the rotation in case (3) is cognitive, by what right do we count case (2) as fundamentally different? We cannot simply point to the skin/skull boundary as justification, since the legitimacy of that boundary is precisely what is at issue. But nothing else seems different.
Click Here to read more…
The U.S. Department of Labor has found that more than $750,000 was misappropriated from the SAG Pension & Health Plans, according to guild sources familiar with the probe. The money has been repaid by the Plans' insurer, and the DoL's investigation was closed last month.
Guild sources say that the misuse of the Plans' funds stem largely from excessive fees paid on investments; improper spending on holiday, staff retirement and anniversary parties; and excessive spending by the trustees for meals, limos and meetings.
The misappropriation of funds is in addition to the millions of dollars embezzled by Nader Karimi, the Plans' former chief information officer, who was sentenced in April to five years of probation after having pled guilty to filing a false income tax return in which they failed to report more than $700,000 in kickbacks they received from contractors they hired to upgrade the Plans' computer system.
Bruce Dow, the Plans' former chief administrator, testified that Karimi might have embezzled as much as $3 million, and the Plans received more than $2.5 million from its insurers to recoup part of those loses. During a deposition, Dow said it was difficult to determine exactly how much Karimi had stolen. Critics say that the exact amount won't be known until and unless the Plans conduct a forensic audit.
The revelation of the latest misappropriation of funds – said to total $756,027.16 – is expected to be a hot topic of debate at tomorrow's SAG-AFTRA national board meeting.
“That's the exact amount that was told to me by the Department of Labor after two years of complaints filed by me and other concerned members,” said guild member Peter Antico, who's been pressing for a forensic audit of the Plans for years.
DIGG THIS
In a recent LRC blog post, it was suggested that in the midst of our current credit crisis — where the Fed is trying all sorts of tricks to prevent Wall Street traders from looking down and realizing they ran off the cliff months ago — the prudent thing to do is become debt-free. Pay off your credit cards, and don't even take out a mortgage, if you can avoid it. This will not only help you personally to weather the upcoming storm, but it will also annoy the ruling elites, which is itself something most LRC readers would value at least at $20,000.
I generally endorse this analysis; it is certainly more sensible than the Hank Paulson recommendation, which — as best I can tell — runs something like this: "Hey everyone, go buy some stuff at the mall, stop trying to sell your house, and stop shorting US stocks!"
In particular, in the bust phase of a Fed-induced business cycle, the best thing people can do to alleviate the crisis is to save more. This will render the low rates during the boom phase less fictitious than if people continue with their original saving rate. (Of course, you shouldn't save more just to "ease the recession." The purpose of the economy is to deploy resources in the way that best satisfies consumer preferences. If you don't want to save more, then don't do it out of some sense of duty.) Notice that this analysis is the exact opposite of the Paulson doctrine, especially when discussing the "stimulus" checks.
Having said all this, it does not follow that you should pay down your dollar-denominated debts. I personally just moved some of my credit card debt (partly a remnant from grad school days) onto a card that is giving me 0% through August 2009, with a 3% transfer fee. I have a pretty high income — the vast right-wing propaganda machine pays well, my friends, you should look into it — and so they gave me a large line of credit.
Now let's say next month my wife and I are responsible and come up with $5,000 with which to pay down credit card balances. As long as I can move my balances to cards rolling over at low rates (like, zero!), even counting the transfer fee I would do much better using that $5,000 to buy some Krugerrands. I personally think it is entirely possible that any of the following will happen within the next twelve months:
Israel and/or the US will bomb Iran, in which case oil shoots to at least $175/barrel and gold shoots to at least $1200/oz. Year-over-year consumer price inflation (even by the official measures) exceeds 10 percent. Gold rises at least 15 percent during this period. The Federal Reserve runs out of Treasurys and so can't "sterilize" the massive loans it has been making to banks (see chart below). Bernanke has to decide whether to discontinue the life support, or start expanding the money supply like crazy. They opt for the latter, and the dollar gets pummeled in the foreign exchanges. Gold soars.
In light of these possibilities, building up a decent position in hard money (i.e. gold) seems pretty smart, especially if the Fed will debase the currency. That's the beauty of it: Yes, in nominal terms your credit card balances will rise by a certain amount (depending on your credit rating and the deal you can get), but in real terms your debt can actually shrink. Your salary will go up due to the printing press (albeit not as much as milk prices, perhaps) so that it will be easier for you to pay the (slightly higher) balances a year from now, versus paying them down today with your current salary.
For those wishing to read about even more exotic moves, like taking out the equity in your US-based house, and then using the freed up dollars to buy foreign assets, I highly recommend Peter Schiff's book.
Final warning: Naturally credit cards are the work of a top demon, if not the devil himself. I wish I never started using them. But the point is, if you have strong willpower, it might actually make sense for you to divert your savings to other areas, rather than paying down dollar-denominated debts.
POSTSCRIPT: This is completely unrelated to the above article (or is it?), but I have just watched the documentary Why We Fight, which is a scathing analysis of the military-industrial-Congressional complex. It is very well done, weaving together expert commentary from Chalmers Johnson, LRC's own Karen Kwiatkowski, and even Gore Vidal, along with "regular guy" commentary from a retired cop whose son died on 9/11, and a mixed-up kid who joins the military. There are also interviews with Richard Perle and William Kristol, and great footage of Don Rumsfeld at press conferences.
Especially for younger viewers (like me) who grew up with a huge standing army and multibillion-dollar "defense" expenditures, I highly recommend it. There's a little lefty confusion about the nature of capitalism (versus the much ballyhooed democracy), but other than that it's really well done.
The Best of Bob Murphy
This article is about Commodores single. For Commodores album of same name, see Nightshift (album)
"Nightshift" is a hit 1985 song by the Commodores and the title track from their eleventh album of the same name. The song was written by lead singer Walter Orange in collaboration with Dennis Lambert and Franne Golde, as a tribute to soul/R&B singers Jackie Wilson and Marvin Gaye, both of whom died in 1984. The single was released on January 31, 1985 in the United States.[1]
The verse on Marvin Gaye mentions their song "What's Going On", while the verse on Jackie Wilson mentions their songs "Baby Workout" and "(Your Love Has Lifted Me) Higher And Higher".
The song was originally recorded in 1984, and became the first hit attained by the Commodores after Lionel Richie's departure from the group. It was also their biggest hit after Richie's departure, peaking at number three for the week of April 20 on both the Billboard Hot 100 and UK Singles Chart,[2] and rising to number one on the Hot Black Singles chart; the single also became a success on the Adult Contemporary and the Hot Dance Music/Maxi-Singles Sales charts in the first half of that year.[3][4]
Although the band was against the label's decision to release it as a single,[5] it won a Grammy Award in 1985 for Best Vocal R&B Performance by a Duo/Group. The song features a lead vocal from drummer Walter Orange, who had sung lead years earlier on "Brick House". Lionel Richie's replacement, J.D. Nicholas, sings the second verse and then Orange and Nicholas share lead vocals on the remaining choruses.
A revised version of the song was dedicated to Michael Jackson in 2010.
Chart performance [ edit ]
Other versions [ edit ]
A reggae version was recorded by Winston Groovy, with the lyrics changed as a tribute to Bob Marley who had also recorded a song titled "Nightshift".[8]
Dexys Midnight Runners covered the song on their 2012 live album At The Royal Court.[citation needed]
South African group Dr Victor and the Rasta Rebels recorded a reggae version, which appears on their greatest hits album.[9]
In popular culture [ edit ]
In 2016, MTN South Africa used the song in the advert "Night Shift" as an ode to workers on night duty across the country.[10]
Last May, Louras' secret plan came to light in the Boston Globe, which said: “Louras made no apologies for excluding the public from the planning. If the proposal had been floated earlier, the mayor said, the debate would have become ‘about them' — meaning the Syrians, their culture, and possible links to terrorism — instead of whether the city had the means to accommodate the refugees.”
Yes, and they couldn't possibly have had a public discussion about whether the migrants had possible links to terrorism. That would have been “Islamophobic.”
Well, now, even in Vermont — Vermont! — this arrogant and authoritarian mayor has received their comeuppance: they have been voted out. Bravo, Rutland voters.
“In Referendum on Refugees, Rutland Mayor Loses Reelection Bid,” by Mark Davis, Seven Days, March 7, 2017 (thanks to Creeping Sharia):
The first thing that stands out in the QUBE 2 demo is the level of polish applied to the environment. It's a gorgeous game. Set in a massive, bright laboratory type of building, players manipulate blue, green and red blocks, using them to solve puzzles strewn about the world. The blocks pop against stark white and black rooms, making the entire game resonate with light and color.
The puzzles themselves are challenging and thus satisfying to solve. Each block has a different function: Place a red square on the proper "block-building" space and it creates a long rectangle; the green tool creates a solid block that can fall or fly when pushed by a fan; and the blue square is a launch pad, capable of flinging the protagonist and blocks alike across the landscapes.
Some of the gameplay in QUBE 2 will feel familiar to fans of the Portal franchise. A few of the puzzles involve placing blocks on pressure plates to open doorways or unveil staircases, and the ominous feeling of the lab adds a lovely layer of mystery to the entire game. However, this isn't Portal. QUBE 2 limits the ways players can use each tool: You can't simply pick up and move a green block wherever you'd like, for example. Instead, players have to use blue launch pads and red barrier blocks to make the rooms obey their will.
Even though Toxic Games has stripped down QUBE 2 to these three basic elements -- red, green and blue blocks -- the puzzle possibilities seem endless. Players will be able to see for themselves when QUBE 2 comes to PC, Mac and Linux this summer.
Click here to catch up on the latest news from GDC 2017!
Pizza Hut's interactive table
Pizza Hut has just teased us on what the future can bring for Pizza Hut restaurants. Soon, we'll get to eat on top of interactive tables (created by Chaotic Moons Studio) that are based off of Microsoft's Surface. Right now it's all concept, but let's hope they push this out in the next year or so.
Now it isn't the hoverboard we're all waiting for, lightsabers or drone deliver services, but it is a cool concept that might come true sooner than 2 of the 3 asupervisorstioned items. I don't usually dine in at Pizza Hut, but if they do build one that has these types of ordering system, count me in.
If they built Pizza Hut that had this table in your town, would you go?
A troubling and also kind of odd story came out of Denmark this weekend. In a court proceeding, a microbiologist has disclosed that three residents of the country who had no known connection to farming died of MRSA infections caused by ST398, the livestock-associated strain of drug-resistant staph that first appeared among pig farmers in the Netherlands in 2004 and has since moved through Europe, Canada and the United States.
If the report is correct – and sources have told me it is, but I've seen no data to confirm it – it reinforces the concern that bacteria which become resistant because of antibiotic use on farms can move off farms and affect the health of people who have no connection to farming.
Livestock MRSA has always one of the best cases for establishing that, because the drug to which it showed the greatest resistance, tetracycline, wasn't used against human MRSA in the Netherlands, but was used routinely on farms – so the only place the strain could have picked up its unique resistance pattern was in pigs. (Here's my long archive of posts on pig MRSA, dating back to my book Superbug where the story was told for the first time.)
Just to get them high up, here are some Danish news sources; this sees to have been a widely covered story. Danish isn't one of my languages, so I've relied on Google Translate – not the best practice, but there's enough agreement among the stories that I am comfortable with it in this case.
The Information: "Filthy use of antibiotics"
Kvalls Posten: "Resistant swine bacterium has killed three Danes"
DR DK: "Politicians are worried about swine bacteria"
Avisen: "Three Danes die of swine bacteria"
Ekstra Bladet: "Three died from killer bacteria from pigs"
Fyens: "University hospital physician: Three died of swine bacteria"
The first way in which this is odd is that this story emerged not from government public health data but during the trial of two journalists, who in 2010 disclosed the names of farms that had been found to be harboring ST398 (alternatively called CC398). The names were published in a long, tough investigative article that accused the government of capitulating to the agricultural industry by gathering data on the presence of MRSA – which was very rare in Denmark – but not publishing it. The journalists, Kjeld Hansen and Nils Mulvad, are being prosecuted for violating the farmers' privacy. (As a US journalist grateful every day for the First Amendment, the prosecution disturbs me greatly. William Heisel at Reporting on Health has also written about this.)
In trial testimony last week, Prof. Hans Jørn Kolmos of Odense Hospital said that they had one patient who died of a MRSA infection that turned out to be ST398, but who had no farm connection. When they asked the Statens Serum Institute (which performs Denmark's infectious-disease research and tracking), they said, they learned there had been two more, also with no connection to farming. All three deaths occurred in 2012 and 2013.
It's important to put those numbers in context. In 2013, according to the Institute, Denmark had 2,103 cases of MRSA; according to one of the news stories, 648 of those were ST398. We don't even know how many MRSA cases we have in the US because it is not a disease for which doctors have to notify someone — but in 2007, the estimate just of US deaths from MRSA was more than 18,000. We also don't know how much of our MRSA is ST398, because the US does not track that strain. It's possible that we have tons. It's also possible we don't have much. That's not because we don't use agricultural antibiotics, since we do, but because the ecological niche that "pig MRSA" would occupy might have already been filled up by other strains such as community MRSA (which on the other hand barely exists in Europe, leaving living space open for new strains to emerge into).
Finally, what's also odd about this report is that Denmark, like the rest of Europe, has cracked down on farm-antibiotic use in a way that the US has not. Growth-promoter antibiotics have been banned throughout the European Union since January 2006 – so resistant bacteria coming off farms ought to be less likely. It is possible that Danish farmers are using essentially the same drugs for "disease prevention," and thus still fostering the emergence of resistant bacteria. If true, that would be a cautionary tale for the US, since the Food and Drug Administration is instituting a growth-promoter ban, but not addressing preventive use. Also, to compensate for the loss of growth promoters, Danish farmers began using zinc and copper as feed additives; and it may be that those turn out to be driving the evolution of antibiotic resistance in similar ways that pharmaceuticals do.
That's just a glimpse into how complex this situation is, and how many unanswered questions remain from this courtroom claim. But it's also a reminder that agricultural antibiotic use has complex, potentially dangerous effects that extend far beyond a farm's fences, and therefore deserves close scrutiny.
When six Baltimore police officers were charged in the arrest and death of Freddie Gray, family members and friends sprang into action to help them avoid spending even a single night in jail.
They did so the same way thousands of other lower- and middle-income families in Baltimore help loved ones avoid pretrial detention each year: by promising to pay a bail bondsman 10 percent of the full bail set by the court, regardless of the outcome in the case.
Fifteen months later — with three of the officers acquitted and all charges against the others dropped — attorneys for some of the officers say the debt their clients assumed, and are still paying off despite being cleared, represents a lingering injustice.
They say Baltimore State's Attorney Marilyn J. Mosby was more interested in "political grandstanding" than in justice when their office recommended bail of $350,000 for the four officers charged with felonies and $250,000 for the two facing misdemeanors.
The bail debt was particularly devastating for the four officers facing felonies, whose pay was suspended for more than a year while they awaited trial, said Ivan Bates, an attorney for Sgt. Alicia White.
CAPTION Baltimore State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby talks about why their team decided to drop the charges against the officers in the Freddie Gray case. (Kevin Richardson/Baltimore Sun video) Baltimore State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby talks about why their team decided to drop the charges against the officers in the Freddie Gray case. (Kevin Richardson/Baltimore Sun video) CAPTION "I think most of the blame falls to the prosecutor who failed to prosecute the case and brought cases that they didn't have the evidence for," Gov. Larry Hogan said. (Erin Cox/Baltimore Sun video) "I think most of the blame falls to the prosecutor who failed to prosecute the case and brought cases that they didn't have the evidence for," Gov. Larry Hogan said. (Erin Cox/Baltimore Sun video)
White's bail was set at $350,000 after they were charged with involuntary manslaughter and other counts — all of which were dropped last month.
"She doesn't come from a wealthy family," Bates said of White, who put down $7,000 the day the charges were filed and agreed to pay a bail bondsman 70 monthly installments of $400 thereafter, according to court records. "She's really struggled. Really struggled."
Rochelle Ritchie, a spokesperson for Mosby, said in a statement that the bail recommendations for the officers "were made in accordance with the charges and the circumstances pertaining to each of the defendants at that time."
In a case that put a focus on the way police officers are handled when they are on the other side of the criminal justice system, the bail issue was controversial from the start.
Some in the community felt the officers received special treatment, pointing to their arrival at the Central Booking & Intake Facility unrestrained in handcuffs and receiving warm welcomes from jail staff.
Activists and protesters questioned why the officers, particularly those facing felonies, would receive bail at all. They also asked why their bail would be less than that set for some Baltimore residents charged with lesser crimes — such as destruction of property — during the unrest that followed Gray's death.
Supporters of the officers, meanwhile, said the bails set for the officers were exorbitantly high for working people with strong ties to the community who were not flight risks.
Those in the bail industry say the system worked as intended, allowing the officers to go home while awaiting trial. Advocates for reform of the state's cash bail system say the financial toll on the six officers should serve as a high-profile wake-up call to legislators that something is wrong with the way the state handles pretrial defendants.
"My sympathies go out to the officers who now are left paying a surcharge on their freedom," said University of Maryland law professor Doug Colbert, who supported Mosby's decision to charge the officers, but has also been one of the state's most vocal opponents of cash bail. "Maybe the officers' bail situation will bring much-needed attention to the unnecessary use of money when people are accused of crime."
Court records show the officers' families stepped in to help them post bail.
After bail was set at $350,000 for Officer Caesar Goodson Jr., the driver of the police van in which Gray sustained fatal spinal cord injuries, a family member made a $6,500 down payment and agreed to pay off the remaining $28,500 in 100 weekly installments of $285.
A family member of Lt. Brian Rice, whose bail also was set at $350,000, put down $3,500 and agreed to pay 63 monthly installments of $500.
A family member of Officer Edward Nero, who faced a $250,000 bail, put $2,500 down and agreed to $500 monthly payments.
Officer Garrett Miller's wife put down $2,500 and agreed to $500 monthly payments to pay off the 10 percent bail bondsman fee on their $250,000 bail.
The mother of Officer William Porter, whose bail was set at $350,000, put down $500, agreeing to pay 69 monthly installments of $500 to pay down the $34,500 balance.
While the local police union paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to cover the officers' legal fees — nearly doubling its members' dues to cover the costs and avoid insolvency in the process — it did not cover any portion of their bail.
"We do not post bail," said Lt. Gene Ryan, president of the Fraternal Order of Police Lodge #3. "We never have, and we don't want to go down that path."
Bates said White was forced to move back in with their mother but continued to struggle. With the charges pending against them and "because they were so high-profile, they couldn't go out anywhere and get a job," they said.
White and their mother "did what they could to make ends meet," Bates said — but they never would have succeeded without the kindness of others.
The Vanguard Justice Society, an organization of black and other minority police officers, stepped in with support, as did members of White's church in West Baltimore and other community members who "believed that they didn't have anything to do with" Gray's death, Bates said.
Some made cash donations to help cover bills; others baked dinners and brought them over so, Bates said.
Now, with the charges dropped and more than a year of back pay likely on the way, "whatever is left of the bail, if anything, she's going to go ahead and pay," Bates said.
But they and some of the other officers' attorneys say their clients should never have had to take such a financial hit.
Marc Zayon, an attorney for Nero, said Mosby's office recommended an unreasonably high bail for their client. A misdemeanor second-degree assault charge for an act of omission — like not securing Gray in a seat belt — would normally call for a $10,000 bail, they said.
Zayon, a former prosecutor, said Mosby secured the high bail amount in part by making unsubstantiated claims to the court commissioner that Nero helped cause the rioting that followed Gray's funeral.
According to the state's bail recommendation for Nero, which attorneys for the other officers said mirrored those filed against their clients, Mosby's office wrote, "Because of the defendant's actions, not only did a young man lose their lives, but the social contract that holds our community together was destroyed, helping to cause Baltimore to descend into chaos and violence.
A federal judge has temporarily reopened voter registration Thursday, ahead of a congressional runoff election in Georgia's 6th district.
According to a report by AJC.com, the decision was made by U.S. District Judge Timothy Batten as a part of a larger lawsuit that examined whether Georgia violated federal law by reducing the amount of time state residents had to register to vote.
Voter registration was closed on March 20, despite the runoff contest being scheduled for the end of June.
ADVERTISEMENT
It argued that the registration cutoff was premature, the AJC reported, and that state residents should have been allowed to register for two more months.
Focus has been heavy on the race in recent months, with the top two jungle primary vote-getters — Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel — set to face off on June 20.
Ossoff came two points short of capturing the majority vote required to win the election outright.
Handel, who came second in the preliminary contest, now enjoys full GOP support, including the direct backing of President Trump and their administration.
Batten ruled that the voter registration for the final stage of the runoff election will be open until May 21.
The lawsuit was filed by The Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, which represents multiple civil rights and voting rights organizations.
This article is over 3 years old
Transparency group says it is inappropriate for former MP to be appointed to senior position at company that is part of group chaired by Mervyn Davies
The London mayoral hopeful Tessa Jowell is facing criticism after they took a senior position with a group of firms whose chairperson is helping fund their campaign.
Jowell accepted a £10,000 donation from their former government colleague and Chime Communications chairperson, Mervyn Davies, after talks about them joining the firm began.
Two months after the donation, they were appointed a non-executive chair of a Chime-owned firm.
Electoral Commission records show Lord Davies is the largest single donor to the former Labour MP's mayoral campaign to date, with only one other person giving £5,000.
Tamasin Cave, a director of the lobbying transparency group Spinwatch, said they felt Jowell's appointment was inappropriate. “The job, on the back of a large donation, underlines the closeness of Jowell's ties with Chime. I don't begrudge them a job, but the relationship clearly has the potential to benefit Chime and its clients,” Cave told the Guardian.
“It also inevitably leads to speculation about whether they share the views of Chime's chair, Mervyn Davies. As well as being a city figure and champion of the financial sector, Davies has recently lobbied for large infrastructure projects, such as Crossrail 2, and the proposed, privately owned garden bridge.
“Is their assessment of the needs of London shared by the vast majority of Londoners? Probably not.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mervyn Davies pictured in 2009 while minister for trade, investment and small business. Photograph: Adek Berry/AFP/Getty Images
Jowell's spokesperson defended the appointment, saying: “All donations to the campaign are recorded and published in accordance with the rules of the Electoral Commission.”
A spokesperson for Chime said: “The approach and discussions with Dame Tessa Jowell were made by Chime's chief executive, Chris Satterthwaite, beginning a few years ago through a shared interest in businesses involved in the community.”
The company has also said Jowell's role “will be entirely separate of any activity relating to the mayor of London 2016 candidacy”.
Davies did not respond to a request for comment.
The Twitter-addicted ‘president' just explained all of their recent vile tweets, which by many have been deemed to be unpresidential. Not so, says amateur president Donald Trump. The current occupant of the White House just explained on Twitter that their “use of social media is not Presidential – it's MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!” Well, now you know! Trump is not just a big whiny baby, he's a modern day whiny baby!
The FAKE & FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media – but remember, I won…. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2017
….the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews, and did. We will continue to WIN! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2017
They wrote this in Republican caps so it must be for reals.
My use of social media is not Presidential – it's MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2017
Trump ended their Twitter-tantrum with this.
I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 1, 2017
We know this will shock you, but their latest tweet didn't go down well on the social site.
EVERYONE thinks you should stop tweeting, even your WIFE! When asked what you should stop doing once President: pic.twitter.com/tUazKx62eO — Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) July 1, 2017
you have a lot to learn about social media, Don. — Nathan Bernard (@nathanTbernard) July 1, 2017
I can't tell if he's drunk, has dementia, or what. They just pinned the Fraud News CNN tweet — Eoin Higgins (@EoinHiggins_) July 1, 2017
Trump's priorities via tweets Peace: 39 Harassing Women: 1278
Bette: 484
Ruth: 314
Megyn: 173
Cher: 114
Rosie: 73
Kim: 56
Liz: 43
Mika: 21 — kim (@kim) July 1, 2017
You blocked me because I said your approval rating was lower than Miracle Whip. How is that presidential? — Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) July 1, 2017
The Coal President calling themselves modern day presidential. OK! — Adam Best (@adamcbest) July 1, 2017
You started that tweet off with the most honest 8 words of your presidency. Good work! Now repeat that over & over. YOU AREN'T PRESIDENTIAL — Josh Sánchez (@jnsanchez) July 1, 2017
Obama tweeted too & it wasn't an issue. Wanna know why??? Because they were PRESIDENTIAL. — PatriotsAgainstTrump (@williamlegate) July 1, 2017
Trump was called out by Republicans and Democrats after their latest attack on a woman. This time, Trump insulted MSNC's Mika Brzezinski and even after they were condemned for it in a bipartisan manner, they continued to attack them
As it happens, a Fox News poll concludes that Seventy-one percent say that Trump's tweets are hurting their agenda. Just 17 percent see the tweets as helpful. Trump is losing their own base because of their f*cking Twitter account.
A heroin epidemic is sweeping across the U.S., the world is in chaos as Trump tried to make nice with China, then sold $1.4 billion worth of arms with Taiwan, which of course, pissed off China. And now he's making war noises toward North Korea. Guess whose help Trump would need if a war broke out with N.K.? China's, that's who. But instead of addressing these problems – some of which they caused – the 71-year-old man-baby is tweeting insults to media figures.
And now he's declaring that their mean-girl tweets are ‘modern day presidential' and that – somehow – will ‘Make America Great Again.'
It seems so long ago and yet it was only last year when we had an actual modern president, one who held the highest office in the land with dignity and respect.
And just a few months later, we find ourselves suddenly in a ‘dimension of imagination. It is an area which we call the Twilight Zone.'
Twitter really needs to ban that old troll.
Photo by Steve Pope/Getty Images.
Visegrad group and Romania ask for EU regulations against food double standards
EU regulations have to remove double standards for food on EU markets, according to representatives of the Visegrad group (V4) as well as officials from Bulgaria, Romania, Croatia and Slovenia. The Visegrad group includes Hungary, Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
“Consumers in Hungary or other countries in central and eastern Europe don't deserve less meat in their food than consumers in Western European countries,” Hungarian agriculture minister Sandor Fazekas said.
After doing research last year, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Croatia, Estonia and Slovakia have notified the European Commission that multinationals have lower standards for products sold in the region.
Romania also carried out a study on the possible double quality standard for food in July. The results show that nine products sold in Romania have different ingredients and nutritional values compared to similar products sold in Western countries.
The European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker wants to grant EUR 1 million to food safety agencies in Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Hungary to test double standard products.
editor@romania-insider.com
Augmented Reality Glasses “See” What Students Understand
Ever been afraid to raise your hand in class? If you're like us, you typically let it slide when you have trouble following a professor's lecture because you don't want to seem dumb. Well, fear no more, as scientists at Spain's la Universidad Carlos III are working on a pair of glasses that teachers can wear to tell whether or not their students are following them.
The glasses use augmented reality, a system that essentially places unreal things in your real-world environment. Through an app, students can select an icon that lets the professor know where the student is in terms of understanding the lecture. There are icons that tell the professor that the student is ‘getting it', not ‘getting it', to slow down, or that they know the answer to a question.
The icons cutely hover above the students' heads. In smaller classes, this can be extremely valuable. For larger, stadium-like lectures, the app produces a diagram that combines all of the students' understanding levels. If nothing else, this gives students carte blanche to play with their smart phones.
(Luke Leung/University of Queensland)
At first glance, the Australian island of Bramble Cay is unremarkable except for the steel lighthouse at one end. Otherwise, the small isle is dotted with a few grass clumps, shorebirds and nesting sea turtles.
Years ago, however, fishers who visited the island in the Great Barrier Reef could also spot little, rat-like rodents scurrying over the sand and coral rubble.
As mackerel fishermen Egon Stewart told Queensland scientists in a new report, around 2009 there had been “a heap of sticks and a smashed up dug-out canoe at the north-western end of the island.” When Stewart flipped over the pile, a few of the furry critters took flight across the island.
This was the last time, the researchers believe, anyone saw a living Bramble Cay melomys, a rodent round in body, long in whisker and lumpy in tail. The creatures are probably the first mammal casualty of human-made, or anthropogenic, climate change, University of Queensland researcher and study author Luke Leung said in a statement. Despite subsequent search efforts, there is no evidence the animals remain on the island, the only place they were known to live on the planet.
[Climate change doubters really aren't going to like this study]
The first recorded Bramble Cay melomys sightings date back to the 1800s. In 1978, researchers estimated several hundred rodents lived on the island, but the numbers dropped to the double-digits by 1998. Twelve of the rodents were caught in November 2004; in December 2011, scientists looking for them turned up empty-handed. For this report, which used survey methods consisting of nocturnal traps as well as daytime searches, no sign of a melomys was to be found — no critter, paw print or pellet.
“The results reported here, from thorough survey, confirm that the Bramble Cay melomys no longer occurs at the only site from which it has ever been reliably reported,” the scientists wrote.
[Climate change could force huge migrations for people and animals living near the equator]
It was, in all likelihood, death from lack of resources. In the decade between 2004 and 2014, the amount of leafy plants on Bramble Cay shrunk by 97 percent, the authors say. Without plants providing food and shelter, the scientists believe rodents succumbed to local extinction. And the lack of plants, in turn, was probably caused by a rising sea that swept over the island during storms and high tides — ocean inundation, as the scientists call it.
Bramble Cay is quite flat, rising no more than 9 feet above sea level at its highest point. Based on observations of erosion, scattered driftwood and dead plants, the authors concluded, “Bramble Cay has been subjected to repeated episodes of seawater inundation.” The scientists also note that data from tides and satellites indicate the average sea level in the area has risen a quarter-inch per year.
[Love in the time of climate change: Grizzlies and polar bears are now mating]
University of California at Berkeley climate change expert Anthony D. Barnosky told the New York Times the apparent fate of the Bramble Cay melomys is a “a cogent example of how climate change provides the coup de grâce to already critically endangered species.”
[These animals relied on each other for 100 million years. Now climate change is killing them both.]
The Bramble Cay melomys is survived by the grassland melomys and two other closely-related melomys species. There is a slim chance, Leung said, the Bramble Cay melomys still exists — perhaps on nearby Papua New Guinea — though there is no confirmation of the animals having lived anywhere except the coral island.
The biggest news on the internet last week was about the internet itself, specifically FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler's announcement that they will be proposing that broadband be reclassified under Title II, allowing everyone equal, unbiased access to the internet. In November, President Obama called on the FCC to support net neutrality by exercising the Title II option. When Wheeler did exactly that on Wednesday, some members of Congress grew suspicious.
According to The Wall Street Journal, Rep. Jason Chaffetz, who is chairperson of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, contacted Wheeler on Friday asking for all correspondence, calendar appointments, and visitor logs between the FCC and The White House as the GOP grows suspicious of Wheeler's change in policy.
Advertisement
Wheeler's Wednesday proposal is a drastic turnaround from previous net neutrality proposals he's made, including a 99-page train wreck they proposed in May last year. Speaking with C-Span on the controversial issue, Gigi Sohn rejected the idea that The White House had any "improper influence," as described by Chaffetz, on Wheeler's decision and simply that Obama's November statement "[gave] them cover to do something that they already are thinking about doing."
All of this is really just the first step in what will be a long battle to actually get Wheeler's future vision of wired (and wireless) internet into law. The battle for net neutrality is really just beginning and even before the big telecoms get their day in court, it seems congress will be the proposal's first challenger. [The Wall Street Journal]
Image via Getty Images
— An alarming new report Monday showed a dramatic increase in the number of New York City mothers dying during and after delivering children.
As CBS 2's Tamara Leitner reported, it is well known that the risks associated with childbirth are numerous, but the new study out by the New York Women's Foundation shows the number of pregnancy-related deaths has jumped by 30 percent in recent years.
READ THE FULL STUDY
“When we look across New York City, African-American women are more likely to die from maternity-related complications,” Dr. Nicole Mason said, adding women in impoverished communities are also at a higher risk.
“We're talking about access to quality healthcare. We're talking about access to quality food,” Dr. Mason said. “All these things converge to make this a reality.”
According to the study, pregnant women living in the city are at greater risk than those in other states. One reason is due to complications during C-sections.
“This study tells us that actually women die in childbirth in New York City — and not only in New York City, but more than in the rest of the U.S.,” said Jacques Moritz, director of gynecology at St. Luke's Roosevelt Hospital. “So this is a real big deal.”
Women in New York City are 30 percent more likely to die during childbirth than 12 years ago. Last year, there were 79 deaths per 100,000 births among African-American women, and 10 deaths per 100,000 among white women.
“There seems to be differences in access to care in possibly other cities, so women of color, women of low economic status, believe it or not, have a higher chance of dying,” Moritz said.
So why the increase now? Experts said the reasons include more women giving birth later in life, an increase in obesity, and women less likely to seek out prenatal care.
It turns out some of these pregnancy-related deaths do not happen actually during childbirth, but rather as much as six weeks after the delivery.
The report also revealed that women living in the five boroughs live disparately different lives, which can ultimately affect the healthcare they receive.
Please leave your comments below…
It turns out National Socialism is still worth something in Stamford, Connecticut. A well-preserved two-page statement written and signed by Hitler's Armaments Minister Albert Speer at the start of the Nuremberg Trials in 1945, for example, is worth $10,000 (7,500).
That price seems like a deal compared to the going price for journals kept by concentration camp doctor Josef Mengele during their exile in South America. A private collector recently purchased them at an auction for nearly $300,000 (224,000).
Even larger bids are expected in Stamford this Thursday, when a portion of Joseph Goebbels' estate goes up for auction. Items include letters and postcards sent and received by the Nazi propaganda minister during their younger years, as well as school report cards and poems and plays they wrote. There's even a lock of hair from a former girlfriend, preserved inside an envelope through the decades.
These will add up to a spectacular sale in a business with a seemingly endless supply of curios: the trade in historical relics. At a time when many people are turning to material assets, this is a flourishing business, and the most sought-after objects for this sort of investment come from Germany. Nazi documents provide collectors a story unique in the course of world history, with the brand name selling power of world-famous mass murderers. A striking number of recent buyers have been wealthy Russians.
'Nazi, Nazi, Nazi'
Alexander Autographs, the auction house in Stamford, a suburb northeast of New York City, is one of the market leaders in this booming business. Nestled in among supermarkets and junk dealers in an office building behind a courtyard, it looks as if the Third Reich has risen again here, in the form of SS cups, decorative plates bearing Hitler's portrait and hundreds of yellowed documents.
"People want souvenirs," says Bill Panagopulos. The owner of the auction house is 53 and divorced, a former firefighter with a quick natural wit. In the business of military and other historical objects for a quarter of a century, they say they have sold a total of 40,000 items.
A few of their current offerings: a bronze desk set, complete with inkwells and blotter, which Adolf Hitler supposedly used to sign the Munich Agreement in 1938; and an old writing desk ostensibly taken from the Berghof, Hitler's mountain residence near Berchtesgaden, Germany. There is also a wooden plaque with an image of two ducks flying along a reedy lake shore, with an inscription identifying it as the first prize for a gentlemen's wild fowl hunt organized by the commander's office at the Dachau concentration camp.
Panagopulos jokes that they would "even sell Hitler's mustache." In reality, they specialize in documents, and is visibly proud of their first two acquisitions: the autographs of American Civil War Generals William Sherman and Joseph Johnston. The autographs hang in their office, next to some old slot machines and a bar stool patched with tape that was favored by singer Frank Sinatra for their performances.
Such bits of Americana, though, are declining, giving way to a hard new currency. "Nazi, Nazi, Nazi," Panagopulos explains, pointing at objects all around him. They don't like the things, calling them "bad karma." To them this is no joke: Their family comes from Greece, where German troops burned down their parents' home village.
Too Pricey for Public Institutions
But Panagopulos is a business person, an American by birth who values freedom of opinion and free enterprise. They receive a 20 percent commission from buyers, plus a variable fee from sellers. New historical films are fueling demand in the US, Panagopulos says, and World War II has become part of American pop culture.
Many historians find such transactions obscene. "Our buyers aren't neo-Nazis," Panagopulos counters. "They wouldn't have the brains or the money." Quite to the contrary, they say, it's often wealthy Jewish people who buy items such as Mengele's journals. Universities and museums also have the opportunity to bid.
The items come from other traders or from family members who discover the objects in the homes of the war generation when they pass away. Some of it makes its way across the Atlantic by airfreight. There's certainly no lack of material, and there are even trade fairs for experts in Nazi memorabilia.
Public institutions generally don't have budgets large enough to bid on these items. Achim Baumgarten, director of the division at the Federal Archive in Koblenz, Germany, that handles estate matters, laments that they only has a few tens of thousands of euros at their disposal each year. For larger purchases, they must first obtain authorization from the federal cabinet.
In other words, it's unlikely that the documents up for auction in Stamford this week will end up making any contribution to historical research. The documents include treatises written by Holocaust organizer Adolf Eichmann during their time on trial in Israel, and a manuscript said to have been written from prison in 1983 by Klaus Barbie, the notorious head of the Gestapo in Lyon.
Goebbels' Girlfriends
The auction house, as is customary in this business, won't identify the seller profiting from these apologist babblings, only stating that the papers come from Europe. But there are a number of indications that Swiss business person and Nazi admirer François Genoud, who died in 1996, had them in their possession.
Genoud essentially founded the trade in relics from the Third Reich, wanting both to preserve legacy of their idols and profit from it. It seems they took a liking to papers of Joseph Goebbels' from the period biographer Peter Longerich calls the influential Nazi's "pre-political era."
Goebbels, who studied German literature and history and styled themselves "Ulex" after a character in a novel, spent their student years in reading, writing and amorous banter. For example, they maintained relationships with both sisters of fellow student Karl Heinz Kölsch, as can be seen from their effusive correspondence. After one of their frequent visits to the town of Werl, Liesel Kölsch wrote on December 5, 1917: "My lips don't work at all anymore, so it won't be possible to use them on Saturday." Them sister Agnes wrote: "My head can't be used either."
In the end, Goebbels made both sisters unhappy. On August 15, 1918, Agnes wrote him, "Do you know, Ulex, that I unfortunately estimated you to far too elevated, noble and mature?"
Next, they were involved with fellow student Anka Stalherm, but this relationship, too, ended in rancor. Goebbels blamed their girlfriend for a "terrible time," and in 1921 Stalherm's lawyer sent them angry letters, demanding the return of various gifts.
Else Janke, another girlfriend, whose mother was Jewish, expressed disappointment following a quarrel "about the race question" in 1923. "I couldn't shake my thoughts about it and really very nearly saw in the problem an obstacle to our continued life together," they wrote.
Owning a Piece of History
These words won't necessarily rewrite world history. They're small footnotes compared to the entire biography of the man who paved the way for the Holocaust with their rants against Jews. Goebbels left behind thousands of pages of documents, and the Federal Archive already holds copies of many of the letters.
But in the world of document collectors, that's an insignificant point. For them, the important thing is to be among those to possess some of the original documents from the time in question, and the more closely the documents are connected to the major players and the centers of power, the better.
Correspondingly, the auctioneer sensed a business opportunity even in a bound accounting book that notes large sums paid for items such as "health care" or "aid, donations and support." The book records payments to Hitler's personal physicians Theodor Morell and Karl Brandt, and to functionaries such as Field Marshall Wilhelm Keitel, who received a payment of 764,000 Reichsmarks. The last entry bears a date from mid-April, 1945. The book could be an original from the Reich Chancellery, a duplicate, or even a fake, although many of the regime's funding allocations are supported by evidence elsewhere.
Historians would surely like a chance to compare the accounting book to these other documents, but it's unclear whether they'll ever get a chance to see it. The auction house, which is advertising the item as "Hitler's personal account book," has set the starting price between $5,000 and $7,000.
Han Shan, an Occupy Wall Street protester, makes a 1 percent shirt while protesting outside of the annual Bank of America Corp. shareholders meeting on May 9, in Charlotte, N.C. - John W. Adkisson/Getty Images
Listen To The Story Marketplace Embed Code <iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2014/05/02/wealth-poverty/making-it-1-percent-more-common-you-think/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe>
The "1 percent" and the "99 percent" have become household phrases in the last few years. But in the course of moving discussions of income distribution percentiles beyond economic text books and in to the popular discourse of sound bites and protest signs, the nuances can get lost. Which brings us to some interesting new research about the 1 percent, discussed in a recent book called “Chasing the American Dream.”
Back when the Occupy Wall Street movement was fond of chanting “We are the 99 percent” the book's co-author, Mark Rank, got curious about some of the assumptions buried in that chant. Who exactly is the 99 percent? What's their relationship to that remaining, increasingly notorious 1 percent?
The whole debate struck Rank as very us versus them. “There's this image out there that those two groups do not cross over -- that they're static groups,” they say.
Rank is a professor of social welfare at Washington University in St. Louis, and so they had the tools to see if this static image of the 1 percent versus everyone else was true. They and their co-author, Thomas Hirschl of Cornell, combed through four decades of survey data that followed the lives of thousands of Americans to see how much money they made each year. And what they found surprised them.
The top-earners club isn't quite the bastioned, unreachable world it's been painted out to be. “There actually is this really strong sense of fluidity in terms of folks entering the top income percentiles,” Rank says. According to Rank and Hirschl's research, one in five Americans are in the 2 percent at some point in their lives. And one in eight spend at least a year in the one percent.
So who are these visitors to the 1 percent? Some might be your neighbors.
Barrett Yeretsian, 34, lives in the southern California suburb of Glendale, CA in a totally non-descript condo — the same one they grew up in. Yeretsian says growing up, they were solidly middle class. Their mom, a widow, owned an Armenian book store in Los Angeles, and money was sometimes tight. Scholarships and help from family got them through college at UCLA.
When they graduated, they turned down acceptance at two top law schools in favor of trying to make it in the music industry, as a song-writer and producer. After years almost making it, a few years ago, a song they wrote in their bedroom, became this smash hit, Jar of Hearts, after it debuted on the reality show “So You Think You Can Dance.”
Literally over night, “everything changed,” Yeretsian says. Including their income. That year they catapulted in to the 1 percent. But, they say, tries not to live like they have. “Keep the overhead low. Enjoy life,” is their philosophy. (He was a philosophy major in college, and traces their non-lavish lifestyle back to reading Thoreau's Walden.)
“Don't get me wrong, I go to Hawaii every year,” they say. And he's bought several rental properties as investments. “Financially, I'm in a comfortable position. I think that's the big difference is you have that comfort.”
Jason Laan is another recent arrival to the 1 percent, who made the leap after their iPhone app made it big. For him, the surprising thing about being at the top is that it doesn't always feel like the top.
“The 1 percenters we think of spend $10,000 on a commode,” Laan says. “If you make $340,000” — the approximate household income needed to break into the 1 percent in the last few years — “you're not going to waste money on something like that.”
Laan says the year they made enough to qualify as a “1 percenter,” they asked their accountant about whether they should consider trying to take advantage of tax loopholes or off-shore accounts, to protect some of their money. Their accountant laughed and told them they aren't rich enough.
“You're not connected enough to try to hide your assets in such a way,” Laan recalls their accountant saying. “You can't afford the overhead.”
Another thing about the latest research on the 1 percent from Rank and Hirschl: While one in eight Americans might visit the 1 percent for a year, only one in a hundred stay there for a decade or more.
How much you have to earn in order to make it into the "1 percent" by year.
Year Household
Income (USD) 1967 171,737 1968 191,151 1969 193,437 1970 191,119 1971 200,383 1972 217,578 1973 226,942 1974 222,524 1975 213,235 1976 234,114 1977 217,740 1978 229,473 1979 228,014 1980 222,287 1981 216,483 1982 211,998 1983 219,320 1984 235,775 1985 229,477 1986 240,388 1987 254,770 1988 277,464 1989 257,154 1990 257,815 1991 248,205 1992 262,715 1993 333,888 1994 308,292 1995 301,423 1996 320,269 1998 364,160 2000 440,253 2002 363,702 2004 362,315 2006 379,511 2008 376,608 2010 332,300
Source: Mark R. Rank, Thomas A. Hirschl, Is it just the One Percent, or is Affluence a Normal Life Course Event?, Cornell Univeristy
“I think the best compliment I can give is not to say how much your programs have taught me (a ton), but how much Marketplace has motivated me to go out and teach myself.” – Michael in Arlington, VA As a nonprofit news organization, what matters to us is the same thing that matters to you: being a source for trustworthy, independent news that makes people smarter about business and the economy. So if Marketplace has helped you understand the economy better, make more informed financial decisions or just encouraged you to think differently, we're asking you to give a little something back. Become a Marketplace Investor today – in whatever amount is right for you – and keep public service journalism strong. We're grateful for your support. BEFORE YOU GO
Editor's Note — This article was originally published in October 2016.
(CNN) — Half-sunk in the marshy tundra of the Taymyr Peninsula of northern Siberia, not far from the Arctic Circle and several hundred miles away from the nearest human settlement, lay the remains of a 70 year-old American-made aircraft.
How and why did it get there?
In August, an international expedition organized by the Russian Geographical Society set off from the Siberian city of Krasnoyarsk to conduct a rather unique salvage operation, in one of the most remote places on Earth.
Lend-Lease program
To tell this tale we need to travel back in time, to 1943.
The world was at war and American factories were working at full capacity churning out all sorts of aircraft for the Allies.
With the Cold War still a distant prospect and the US and the Soviet Union fighting the same enemy, the Lend-Lease Act guaranteed that a continuous stream of American war material made its way to the Soviets.
This was the case of the C-47 of this story -- manufactured by Douglas in the United States (serial number 42-32892) and handed over to the Soviet Union in Fairbanks, Alaska, on March 12, 1943.
This was one of more than 7,000 aircraft that transited through the ALSIB, the Alaska-Siberia air road, during the war. A supply route that stretched thousands of miles, from the continental United States across Northern Canada to Alaska and, from there, across the Bering Strait all the way to the Siberian city of Krasnoyarsk.
Most of these aircraft then continued their journey onto the front, but this was not to be the case with our C-47. It was instead kept in the rearguard and assigned to fly supply and reconnaissance missions in the Siberian Arctic.
In 1946, without having seen front line action, the aircraft was transferred to civilian duties, flying from Krasnoyarsk to several remote outposts in northern Siberia.
Drama in the tundra
In 1947, this Douglas C-47 crashed on the Siberian tundra. Russian Geographical Society
And this is how we get to April 23, 1947.
On that day, the Douglas C-47 was flying between Kozhevnikova Bay on the Arctic coast and Krasnoyarsk, via the town of Dudinka, with 26 passengers, three of them children.
The left engine malfunctioned in-flight and stopped. The plane carried on with the remaining engine, but after 4 hours in the air, it overheated and stopped too.
The pilot had no other option but to perform an emergency landing in the middle of the wilderness.
No one was hurt, but it soon became clear that chances of rescue were slim.
After three days sheltering in the aircraft, the captain, together with the flight engineer, the radio operator and six of the passengers, decided to attempt a daring trek to find help.
They never made it.
In 1953, local hunters found a body in a bog, some 120 kilometers (74.5 miles) southwest of the Douglas wreck. From documents and other personal items found with the body, it was established that these were indeed the remains of the pilot, Maxim Tyurikov. The other two crew members and six passengers have never been found.
For the remaining crew and passengers the story was to have a happier end.
On May 11, after almost 20 days in the tundra, a Li-2 transport aircraft spotted the wreck and managed to land next to it to pick up the survivors.
All crew and passengers who remained inside the C-47 survived.
Fast-forward 70 years
In August, a team organized by the Russian Geographical Society set out to salvage the C-47. Russian Geographical Society
The Douglas C-47 was left to rust undisturbed for seven decades in the solitude of those Arctic expanses -- providing a rather picturesque and unexpected sight to anyone venturing into those latitudes.
The idea of salvaging the wreck and taking it to a museum had been taking shape at the Russian Geographical Society for some years, but it wasn't until this summer that it was possible to put together the resources and sponsors necessary for such an enterprise.
Finally, in early August, a team of 15 was assembled to travel to the Taymyr Peninsula.
Over the course of five days, the team worked frantically, making the most of the daylight hours, in order to secure the wreck for transportation.
The Douglas was cut in pieces -- fuselage, wings, engines and central section -- so that a Mi-8 helicopter could lift and deposit them on a barge that had been brought to the nearby Pyasina River.
From there they were transported to the town of Dudinka at the mouth of the Yenisei River, from where they could be brought 2,000 kilometers (1,243 miles) upstream to Krasnoyarsk.
The Douglas was in a remarkable state of preservation. Aside from the damage it suffered during the crash landing, it looked almost as if time had stopped in 1947.
Even the landing gear retained some of the air it had been inflated with 70 years ago.
Members of the expedition found a number of items of historical interest onboard, such as American-made radio equipment and cans of corned beef that had also arrived from America during the war years as part of the lend-lease program.
Even more remarkable to see is a sort of diary kept by the survivors during their ordeal, written directly on the inside walls of the fuselage.
It appears that in spite of their rather desperate situation, they managed, somehow, to stay in high spirits. They even celebrated May 1, an important day in the Soviet calendar.
Rather movingly, the diary ends with the May 11 entry: "We have been saved!"
A new home
The Douglas C-47 will eventually go on display at the Museum of the Exploration of the Russian North. Russian Geographical Society
A memorial was erected by the members of the salvage expedition at the site where the old Douglas stood. A plaque explains the events that took place in that remote stretch of tundra nearly 70 years ago.
The late pilot's daughter, Avelina Antsiferova, and relatives of the other crew members traveled to the site to witness its unveiling.
In addition to its status as a historical object, the aircraft itself will serve as a memorial to the pilots who ran the ALSIB route during the war.
This logistical feat was already the object of a commemorative flight in 2015, with American and Russian pilots retracing the historical supply route with vintage aircraft.
Yulia Komissarenko, a representative of the Siberian branch of the Russian Geographical Society, explains what awaits the C-47 in the near future:
"The aircraft will have a place of honor at the future Museum of the Exploration of the Russian North, in Krasnoyarsk," they say. "In the meantime, it will be kept at a facility of the Russian Geographical Society, where specialists will assess the need for further restoration work. The idea is, then, to display it either in a static location or as part of itinerant exhibits."
The Beginning
Theo Walcott is a 25 year-old, English professional Football player who currently runs the wing for Arsene Wenger at Arsenal. Born in Stanmore, raised in Compton, Berkshire, Walcott took to the game at a very young age. They attended the Downs School in Berkshire and played for their village team before playing for A.F.C. Newbury for a season. In their one season with A.F.C. Newbury, Walcott scored over 100 goals. After rejecting an offer from Chelsea FC's Academy, Walcott decided to play their football in the Southampton Academy. In the 2005-2006 season, Walcott would become the youngest player in Southampton's history to play with the squad's first team at age 16 years and 143 days when they came on as a substitute versus Wolverhampton.
The Gunners
In 2006, Arsenal bought the services of Walcott for $5 Million Pounds and they have been with the Gunners ever sense. After some contractual compromises, Walcott signed a pre-contract agreement with Gunners on 16 March 2006, their 17th birthday.
The 2006-2007 season saw Theo's Premier League debut when they came on as a substitute on 19 August 2006, opening day of the season against Aston Villa. They notched is first career assist when they set up Gilberto Silva for a goal. Since coming into the Premier League with Arsenal, they have scored 72 goals and is continuing their strong play for the Gunner's.
Team England
In 2006, Walcott became the youngest English footballer ever to be named to the World Cup Roster at 17 years old. They made is English first team debut in a friendly against Hungary on 30 May 2006. They did not play in the 2006 World Cup. The manager at the time, Sven-Goran Erikkson stepped down after the 06′ WC and their replacement Steve McClaren sent Theo down to the U21 squad where they would become the youngest U21 to ever score.
When it came time for the 2010 WC, Walcott started numerous friendlies and qualifying matches before it was announced on 1 June 2010 that Fabio Capello had left them off the final roster. After England's exit, Lionel Messi publicly displayed their disagreement with decision. At this point in Theo's career, they scored 5 goals in 36 international appearances.
Awards and Personal Life
In 2006, Walcott was awarded the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year Award, an honor given to the person who made the best contribution that year for their respective sport. When Walcott was just 14, they signed an endorsement deal with Nike and has appeared in numerous ads for them sense. They were married to longtime Girlfriend, Melanie Slade in 2013 and their son was born April 2014.
Change of tone is welcome; favoring an Islam sect over another is not: Our view
President Trump and Saudi King Salman in Riyadh on May 21, 2017. (Photo11: Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images)
President Trump's speech in Saudi Arabia on Sunday came with a much-needed change of tone in their descriptions of Islam's relations with the West.
A candidate who called for a “complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States” now, as president, wants to reach out to the Islamic world. In their speech, they called for a partnership with Muslim nations, one “based on shared interests,” to drive out extremism.
Nothing wrong with that, but Trump's welcome shift in tone only partially obscured a troubling departure on policy. They drew an explicit line between good and evil — and a more implicit line between Saudi Arabia and the Sunni sect of Islam on the one hand, and Iran and the rival Shiite sect on the other.
U.S. support for the Sunni camp was made clear by the fact that Trump made Riyadh their first foreign stop as president, by their willingness to sell the Saudis $110 billion in military equipment, and by their repeated criticisms of Iran during their speech.
Why the United States would want to tilt toward either side in the Sunni-Shiite divide is mystifying. These two sects have been at odds for centuries, with no signs of a detente.
OTHER VIEWS:
The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, the world's most dangerous terrorist organization, is Sunni. The same goes for al-Qaeda, the group founded by Osama bin Laden that brought down the World Trade Center on 9/11.
The bulk of the 9/11 terrorists were Saudi citizens. And the Saudi government has long supported an ultra orthodox form of Islam known as Wahhabism, which has been a kind of gateway drug to radical Islam.
To be sure, much of the reason that Sunni extremism dominates the world of terrorism is that it is the much larger of the two predominant sects. But radical Sunnis have been more aggressive than militant Shiites, such as Hezbollah, in attacking Western homelands.
Iran, home to the world's largest Shiite population, is a nasty theocracy in which ultimate power resides in the hands of an autocratic supreme leader. Yet it does have an elected president who has increasingly come to speak for a population yearning for better ties with the West. Indeed, as Trump arrived in the conservative kingdom of Saudi Arabia — a nation where women are still not allowed to drive — Iran's president, Hassan Rouhani, was re-elected in a landslide.
President Obama rightly saw Iran as a country worth cultivating, and did so with a deal that rolled back sanctions in return for a suspension of Iran's nuclear weapons program. Obama, in a 2009 speech in Egypt, also cited the human rights abuses and lack of economic opportunity that help make Arab nations a breeding ground for extremism.
Trump was notably silent on those issues Sunday, signaling to Sunni leaders that they wouldn't be called out for repression. Perhaps they calculate that a policy popular with Israeli leaders (who, like Saudi Arabia, were staunchly opposed to efforts to engage Iran) is a good way to keep Jews and evangelical Christians within their base.
Whatever the reason, Trump, like Obama, appears destined to discover that one speech in the heart of the Muslim world, no matter how well received, is hardly sufficient to alter ancient enmities.
USA TODAY's editorial opinions are decided by its Editorial Board, separate from the news staff. Most editorials are coupled with an opposing view — a unique USA TODAY feature.
To read more editorials, go to the Opinion front page or sign up for the daily Opinion email newsletter. To respond to this editorial, submit a comment to letters@usatoday.com.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qJdHZ0
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Bystanders watched in horror as a huge fire broke out at Battersea Arts Centre this afternoon.
The blaze sparked in the Grand Hall of the Grade II listed building just after 4.15pm today, the London Fire Brigade said.
More than 80 firefighters were sent to tackle the flames at the cultural hub in south London, which is currently undergoing a multi-million pound renovation.
Sharing a picture of blaze on Twitter, Richard Dufty, the Arts Centre's senior producer, tweeted: "Terrible news. @battersea_arts is on fire. The Grand Hall roof."
They later wrote: "Everyone @battersea_arts is ok. But still fighting fire. A lot of us in estate agent calling audience. Grand hall looks completely destroyed."
A spokesperson for Battersea Arts Centre said everyone was safely evacuated from the building when the fire broke out.
Terrible news. @battersea_arts is on fire. The Grand Hall roof pic.twitter.com/OH1tLVPfSy — Richard Dufty (@RichardDufty) March 13, 2015
They added that all performances at the centre this evening had subsequently been cancelled.
In a series on tweets, they said: "There is a fire in our building. Everyone is out safe and the fire brigade are working hard to get the fire under control. We'll update you.
"We will not be running any performances this evening. If you've bought tickets for any show we'll be in contact about refunds or exchanges."
They added: "Thank you to everyone for the kind words & well wishes. Everyone is out. Everyone is safe.
"We will not be running any performances this evening and we have also cancelled the performance of Missing tomorrow evening."
Witnesses said that people at the scene were crying as the tower at the top of the Arts Centre collapsed amid the flames.
One Twitter user said: "Tower on the top of Battersea Arts Centre has just collapsed. People in tears. Police moving people back".
Major fire happening at the Grand Hall of Battersea Arts Centre pic.twitter.com/WDjqvwFJwr — mike (@urban75) March 13, 2015
Katie Powell, who was at the nearby Fox and Hound pub when the fire started, said bystanders had spoken to them of their sadness after seeing the blaze.
They said: "There are firefighters everywhere and police were closing off the roads. I was having a drink when I saw the smoke. Lots of people have been coming up to me and saying it is so sad. It is such an old building."
Other bystanders tweeted their horror at seeing the historic building on fire.
Sean Lawless, campaign organiser for Battersea Labour, said: "Absolutely tragic, huge fire at Battersea Arts Centre. Hope it doesn't spread too far through the building."
Firefighter John Snelgrove, who was at the scene, said: "This is a large, challenging fire and crews are working hard to bring it under control. We've got 12 fire engines at the scene, as well as an aerial appliance and an aerial ladder platform fighting the fire from above.
"Firefighters are working with a number of water jets around the building to contain the fire."
A fire brigade spokesperson said: “We were called at 4.17 to reports of a fire in the roof at an art centre on Lavender Hill.
"We are working hard to stop the fire from spreading. We have 12 fire engines and more than 80 firefighters at the scene".
Just after 8pm this evening, the spokesperson said the fire was "under control" and its cause was being investigated.
Chris Hawkswell, an emergency planning officer for the London Ambulance Service, tweeted: "An ambulance crew, duty officer & @LAS_HART are attending a fire at #Battersea Arts Centre, Lavender Hill with @LondonFire."
A London Ambulance service spokesperson said: "We were called at 4.29pm to reports of a fire at an address on Lavender Hill.
"We sent an ambulance crew, a duty officer and the hazardous area response team to the scene. We remain on scene
Lavender Hill was closed both ways while fire crews and police were at the scene.
Germany's Federal Network Agency (Bundesnetzagentur) issued a blanket ban on smartwatches aimed at children this week — and asked parents who'd already purchased such a device to destroy them, for good measure. The aggressive move is a response to growing privacy concerns surrounding devices aimed at minors.
“Via an app, parents can use such children's watches to listen unnoticed to the child's environment and they are to be regarded as an unauthorized transmitting system,” the agency's president Jochen Homann said in a statement provided to the BBC. The FNA also urged educators to pay closer attention to students' watches, as, “according to our research, parents' watches are also used to listen to teachers in the classroom.”
Such concerns have been growing in recent years, as kid-targeted wearables have become more popular, along with their adult counterparts. Just last month, European watch dog group, Norwegian Consumer Council, issued a strongly worded report warning of safety concerns over GPS-enabled devices. That report went beyond tracking on the part of the parents, outlining the potential for simple hacking by outside parties.
“Any consumer looking for ways to keep their children safe and secure might want to think twice before purchasing a smartwatch as long as the faults outlined in these reports have not been fixed,” the NCC wrote.
That report specifically highlighted four kids' smartwatch brands — Gator 2, Tinitell, Viksfjord and Xplora. The Federal Network Agency's new rules, meanwhile, take things much further, banning the category at large. The decision follows a similar move last February, when the agency banned and ordered the destruction of the Friend Cayla doll, after concerns were raised over the toy's built-in microphone and Bluetooth connectivity.
Like that doll, the smartwatches have been classified as illegal spying devices by the agency.
State traffic safety officials are taking an unusual approach to a serious issue by introducing the fictitious Traffic Safety Brewing Company complete with a new summer traffic safety six-pack at bars and restaurants across the state. The launch coincides with a statewide drunk driving and seat belt enforcement crackdown through Sept. 1.
The faux brewing company and spoof beverage list with items such as "Call A Cab Cider" and "Designated Driver Dark" were developed by the Michigan Office of Highway Safety Planning (OHSP) to convey a positive approach to individual responsibility while drinking.
OHSP partnered with the Michigan Licensed Beverage Association to distribute the spoof beer list to the group's more than 1,100 members to promote safety and responsibility among their patrons.
"The Traffic Safety Brewing Company beer list may be amusing but the message is serious. Whether you are enjoying a Michigan microbrew or your favorite wine or spirit, make the right choices about getting home safely because law enforcement officers are experts at stopping and arresting drunk drivers," said OHSP director Michael L. Prince.
Law enforcement officers from 150 local police departments, sheriff's offices and Michigan State Police posts covering the counties of Alpena, Antrim, Allegan, Berrien, Calhoun, Charlevoix, Chippewa, Cheboygan, Crawford, Delta, Dickinson, Eaton, Emmet, Genesee, Gogebic, Grand Traverse, Houghton, Ingham, Jackson, Kalamazoo, Kalkaska, Kent, Leelanau, Livingston, Mackinac, Macomb, Manistee, Marquette, Menominee, Monroe, Muskegon, Oakland, Otsego, Ottawa, Saginaw, St. Clair, Van Buren, Washtenaw, Wayne and Wexford are participating in the larger, nationwide Drive Sober or Get Pulled Over crackdown.
Motorists are also being warned about the increased drunk driving and seat belt patrols through a statewide advertising campaign. The campaign and stepped-up enforcement are paid for with federal traffic safety funds coordinated by OHSP.
During last year's Drive Sober or Get Pulled Over effort, 267 motorists were arrested for drunk driving and 4,119 seat belt and child restraint citations were issued.
The effort is part of Michigan's Strategic Highway Safety Plan signed by Gov. Rick Snyder in February 2013.
Copyright 2014 by ClickOnDetroit.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The federal criminal investigation into New Jersey Sen. Robert Menendez is broader than previously known, NBC 4 New York has learned. Jonathan Dienst reports. (Published Friday, Jan. 24, 2014)
The federal criminal investigation into New Jersey Sen. Robert Menendez is broader than previously known, NBC 4 New York has learned.
The Department of Justice is investigating Menendez's efforts on behalf of two fugitive bankers from Ecuador, multiple current and former U.S. officials tell NBC 4 New York. The probe into the Democrat's dealing with the bankers comes as federal authorities are also investigating their relationship to a big campaign donor from Florida.
The criminal investigation is focusing in part on the senator's ties to William and Roberto Isaias, and whether the senator crossed a line in trying to help the two brothers stay in the United States.
The Isaias brothers have been fugitives from their native Ecuador for more than a decade -- sentenced in absentia for embezzling millions as the bank they ran there was collapsing.
The Isaias brothers now live in Coral Gables, Fla., running several successful businesses, and they have never been charged in the U.S. But back home in Ecuador, they're wanted men.
Back in the 1990s, outraged Ecuadorians took to the streets demanding their money back after several banks collapsed, including the country's largest, Filanbanco, which had been run by the Isaias brothers.
An auditor's report for banking authorities in Ecuador found Filanbanco lost hundreds of millions of dollars.
In 2005, U.S. Ambassador to Ecuador Kristie Kenney wrote a cable to the State Department saying the Isaias brothers absconded “with $100 million" and "used their ill-gotten wealth to buy safe passage from Ecuador."
The ambassador recommended the Isaias brothers be kicked out of the United States. But to date, the Justice Department says Ecuador's government, which has been at odds with the U.S. in recent years, has not provided enough evidence to warrant extradition.
"The fact that the Isaias brothers continue to live a life of luxury in the U.S. while their account holders are suffering in Ecuador has been a constant concern between the U.S. and Ecuador since their flight," said Linda Jewell, a former U.S. Ambassador to Ecuador.
In 2010, Ecuador had Interpol issue international arrest warrants.
Their lawyer says that the brothers are innocent and are appealing their convictions, and that they did not steal any money and are actually victims of political persecution by Ecuador's government.
“And that is the problem of the Isaiases, that they have committed the crime of being rich in a poor country,” said their attorney, Xavier Castro Munoz.
They say Filanbanco was in fine shape until the government took it over. And they say the justice system in Ecuador is broken and the brothers “will not get justice in Ecuador.”
Ecuador has seized many of the Isaias brothers' assets in that country. But so far, a court in Florida has rejected Ecuador's efforts to seize assets inside the U.S.
For years the Isaias brothers have been seeking permanent residence in the United States. Officials say they turned to the powerful New Jersey senator for help.
Multiple officials say Menendez wrote letters and made phone calls to the Department of Homeland Security and the State Department in support of the brothers. The former head of the FBI in New Jersey says such letters and calls are not the normal practice.
"It's shocking,” said Weysan Dun, the former special agent in charge of the FBI's New Jersey office. “I think most people would know and would believe that it be appropriate to keep your distance from individuals who are convicted of crimes in their homeland."
On April 2, 2012 for example, officials say, Menendez personally wrote high-ranking Homeland Security official Alejandro Mayorkas, asking that the brothers get "full consideration" and that the Department of Homeland Security "expedite its review."
Investigators say they want to know whether the senator attempted to influence immigration officials in 2012 in exchange for campaign donations.
A spokesperson for Menendez said in a statement: "Our office works each year with literally hundreds of individuals and families from across the country who are seeking help with the immigration process. We review each and every request we receive, and if we feel any inquiry is appropriate, we make it.
"In this particular case, Sen. Menendez believed the Isaias family had been politically persecuted in Ecuador, including through the confiscation of media outlets they owned which were critical of the government," said the spokesperson, Tricia Enright. "We are not aware of any inquiry into the senator's actions on this matter."
Reached by phone, Roberto Isaias said that, as a non-resident of the United States, they cannot make donations to a U.S. political campaign and that they do not have anything to do with any senator or politician.
Federal election records show relatives of the Isaias brothers who are residents donated more than $10,000 to the senator's 2012 campaign. And records show that the family of Roberto Isaias also donated at least $100,000 to the Democratic party in 2012.
Campaign donations could be one area of interest to investigators from the Justice Department, said Scott Fredericksen, an attorney who prosecuted federal corruption cases for the Justice Department.
“If the government, when they look at this, can establish that in exchange for donations from citizens not from this country, of gifts, that the senator took official action that benefited them, now, now we're talking about something potentially illegal,” Fredericksen said.
So far, authorities have not filed any charges. And legal experts say it can be tough to prove that kind of case.
“For Sen. Menendez, who is chair of the Foreign Relations Committee, to be involved in something that has a foreign component and might raise concerns about the national interest with other countries, this is an incredibly serious matter,” said Sheila Krumholz, executive director of the Center for Responsive Politics.
Krumholz says Menendez's relationship with Florida eye doctor Salomon Melgen, a major campaign donor, is also a serious matter.
Federal investigators have searched Melgen's offices twice in connection with an $8 million Medicare billing dispute. Separately, they are looking into whether Menendez improperly advocated for the doctor in that dispute. They are also looking into whether the senator acted improperly to help Melgen with a deal to secure a port security contract in the Dominican Republic.
The senator has said they did nothing wrong. Menendez said they called Medicare to raise concerns about conflicting guidelines and supported the port security deal because it could help stem the flow of drugs to the U.S.
Melgen, too, has denied any wrongdoing and is suing Medicare alleging that the agency has wrongly accused them of overbilling.
Last year, Menendez reimbursed Melgen $58,000 after news broke that they took three trips on Melgen's private jet -- two of them to the luxury resort of Casa de Campo in the Dominican Republic.
--Donna Mendell, Polly DeFrank, Joseph Valiquette, Richard Esposito, Robert Dembo, Tom Winter, Kevin Monahan and Evelyn Gruber contributed to this story.
I like Star Trek as much as the next person. Probably more. But one thing has always bothered me: life on the Starship Enterprise may appear almost utopian but the way the ship – indeed the whole Federation is run – is essentially hierarchical. Humanity's mission to “boldly go” is being undertaken by a quasi-military dictatorship. For a series originally billed by its creator as “wagon train in space”, it is hardly land of the free.
Is this really how we want to explore the cosmos and take our culture to the stars?
Now that there are proposals for private missions to the Moon, a plan to send a married couple to Mars and space agency ambitions to fly a crew of six into deep space to explore asteroids, this is no longer a theoretical question. If even only one or two of these schemes come to fruition, in the relatively near future, humans are going to be living in isolation beyond the direct influence of governments on Earth.
Later this year, a conference is being held in London on Extraterrestrial Liberty, looking ahead to a time when we may find ourselves – or our children – living in colonies on the Moon and Mars, or locked aboard a starship on a one-way trip to a distant star. If space technology continues to advance, human communities beyond the Earth would seem to be inevitable. As a result, people are already beginning to contemplate how these societies might operate.
The man who has written the book – actually several books – on the colonisation of space is the founder and President of the Mars Society, Robert Zubrin. Their proposals for the establishment of human settlements on Mars are exquisitely detailed, from the first landing to the eventual terraforming of the red planet for a thriving civilisation. The Mars Society currently operates Mars bases on Earth – in the Utah desert and Arctic – to simulate the challenges facing Martian colonists. Like the joint Russian-European Mars500 isolation experiment in 2011, where crewmembers were locked away for more than 500 days, these “missions” include a 15-20 minute time delay between the base and the control centre. Zubrin says the experiments have already given them hints about how extraterrestrial human civilisation might develop.
“One thing we certainly discovered with our simulated Mars missions is that you can't command a crew from mission control,” they tell me. “The crew has to be led by the commander, generally operating with a very consultative style.” As a result, they have renamed their mission control “mission support”, acknowledging that they are no longer completely in charge. “I believe it will not be possible to control a Mars base from the Earth, increasingly the thing will take on a life of its own.”
Humanity test
It is a view shared by the Executive Director of the Institute for Interstellar Studies, Kelvin Long. As an engineer, their long-term goal is to develop plans for a starship but they see the evolution of humanity into a spacefaring species as incremental. “I'm interested in huge space habitats, putting lots of people on space stations and sending them off to the stars,” they explain. “But you can't do any of that unless you start with the small stuff and demonstrate that humans can live for sustained periods in space.”
So are humans up to the challenge – living 225 million kilometres (140 million miles) away, isolated from mission control as well as friends and family on Earth? When you share a house with someone and they fail to do the washing up, it's a little annoying. Share a Mars base and someone fails to change the carbon dioxide scrubbers, everyone dies.
“Mars is the test for humanity,” Long says. “It's the test of our character and, to me, that should be the next destination for the human species – to colonise Mars, to set up a small station and develop it gradually. If we can't crack Mars, then forget everything else that we have ambitions for.”
The first people to visit Mars are likely to be selected for their skills and their emotional and physical suitability for the challenge. This will be a highly trained crew of “right stuff” astronauts, used to doing what they are told. But, predicts Zubrin, it will evolve. “The colony might start out as hierarchical, with a base commander and second in command, but the process of nature is going to take it in the direction of freedom.”
Things start to get really interesting when Mars explorers stay for years, rather than weeks, and the settlement becomes established. “People will have children… and at some point the Mars base breaks out of becoming a base and becomes an actual village – a real society with real people living real lives, with children in schools and community orchestras. All kinds of things that a base commander might think are completely extraneous.”
Society 2.0
Zubrin sees this as a natural, and inevitable, progression from hierarchy to locally accountable democracy and draws parallels with the colonisation of North America. “First you had independence from the West India Company, then ultimately from the British Crown and that's how life is,” they say. “I think a Mars base may well start out as a bureaucratically structured entity but when you have people living real lives, they're going to be pushing against the boundaries of that. And if you want to leave the colony, the easiest thing would be to get together with some other people and found additional colonies on Mars.”
As this human civilisation 2.0 expands, then the Earth may no longer seem so attractive – certainly to the second and third generation Martians. “I tend to think that Martians will not want to go back to Earth,” says Zubrin. “Firstly because Earth's gravity will be very unpleasant for them, if they've grown up in one third gravity, and they will be exposed to a much greater risk of disease.”
Above all, they will also no longer consider Earth as home. “The whole point is to create new branches of human civilisation,” Zubrin explains. “It'll have its own dialect, its own literature, own jokes and sense of humour. It's going to be different, a different culture, and I think that's good.”
But will human society 2.0 be any better? Or will it be the same brilliant, terrible, messy, artistic, destructive, ingenious, horrific civilisation our Martian colonists left behind? I suggest to Kelvin Long that perhaps Star Trek might be the society to aim for. “Many people would like to live in that sort of world, a utopian future,” they reply. “I'm sure the new world will be rockier than that but hopefully when we as Earthlings go into space, we won't be fighting each other.”
Of course, several thousands of years of history suggest this is a wildly optimistic, maybe even foolhardy, prediction. Even in the Star Trek universe, crewmembers frequently disagree. When humans get together – particularly in high-pressure environments – tensions are bound to arise.
Future colonists will need to have the administrative structures, laws and social etiquette in place to avoid conflict, either through ruthless dictatorship or, more likely, discussion, compromise and some degree of consensus. At first they will probably take those structures from Earth but, ultimately, will develop new ways of living together more suited to their environment and, says Long, because space changes people: “Astronauts often have a different outlook, having seen the Earth from above,” says Long. “When humans who go to Mars look back and see that pale blue dot in the distance and think ‘everything I've known is on that planet,' it's bound to affect them. And hopefully improve them.”
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on Future, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
The Deadline website reported on Tuesday that screenwriter Dante Harper is currently working with Warner Bros, Appian Way, Mad Chance, and director Jaume Collet-Serra on the live-action Akira project.
Harper recently wrote the screenplay for the live-action Edge of Tomorrow film, which is based on the novel All You Need Is Kill by Hiroshi Sakurazaka. The film stars Tom Cruise, Emily Blunt, Charlotte Riley, Kick Gurry, Bill Paxton, Kidus Henok, Tony Way, and Marianne Jean-Baptiste.
Variety reported last August that director Collet-Serra was possibly rejoining the project, stating that, if they returned, they would direct the project in Spring 2014. Collet-Serra mentioned in interviews in February that they hoped the film would be their next project. Warner stalled the project in 2012 to revise the script so it would be less costly. Akira manga creator and anime director Katsuhiro Otomo was reportedly going to oversee the project as executive producer.
Thanks to Daniel Zelter for the news tip.
The best non-mmo Star Wars RPG to date is now on Android.
I'm running on a Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 HD and experienced minimal fps loss when running at the highest graphics setting. Not that its necessary. Let's be honest. You're not here for the graphics. You are here for the story and the 1000s of combinations of decisions that will get through this 40+ hour epic tale of space wizardry and galactic travel that will ultimately determine whether you wear robes or armor when you finally "save" the universe.
Pros: Great game. Fairly intuitive and easy to master touch controls. Full version of game includes alternate galactic travel location of Yavin 4 - not included in original Xbox version. Most of the bugs and glitches from the original Xbox and PC versions have been fixed.
Of the bugs from the original version that were fixed includes pretty much every single item duplication or easy leveling glitch. So the rush to Manaan or Korriban is now moot.
Cons: Graphics have not aged well. Omg the eyes are creepy. Weird bug - if the device goes into standby mode while the game is active and your characters are in a noisy area (cantina, swoop track, droid factory), when you come back to the game expect that background noise to be suddenly 10 times louder than all the other in-game sound. Any sound or graphical error can usually be resolved by saving, closing the app and reloading your game file.
IMPORTANT REMINDER: This is an old school RPG and does not include the nifty auto-save every 30 seconds feature that most world spanning 40+ hour epic games like this typically possess. My advice: save your game before and after every conversation. That way you can reload if it doesn't go how you planned, and saving after the ones you're okay with means not having to repeat them if you die. Unless you're playing dark side and want the chance to see them suffer again...
Today is World Anthropology Day, a global celebration of all things anthropological. The American Anthropological Association beta-tested this new holiday last year as ‘National Anthropology Day', and we had a splendid time celebrating with delicious recipes and reminiscing about Alessandro Volta (and more). But ‘world anthropology day' is a better fit, not only because it is more inclusive, but because it helps point out just how tight the fit is today between the world and anthropology.
Anthropology — and I'm using the term here to mean the American version of it that I practice — is just about a hundred years old. It's been stretched, shredded, critiqued, defended, and expanded on like the Winchester Mystery House. And while there have been a lot of fair criticisms of the discipline over the years, it's fundamental approach and findings seem more relevant than ever. Partially this is because they have stood the test of time, but partially it's because the world of today needs them now more than ever.
At its heart, anthropology's core finding still largely stand: Human beings are a single species. There are not naturally distinct ‘races' some of which are superior to others. For most history human beings have been, on the whole, connected rather than isolated — most of our customs and cultures were borrowed from other places. All human groups must meet the challenge of making a living, but our culture displays a more or less coherent degree or patterning or structure which cannot be reduced to genetic or environmental factors.
In fact, it's hard to come up with human universals. Sex matters everywhere — but it can range from a loving affirmation of connection to a thrilling display of mastery over a humiliated other. All cultures make ‘art' — except for this to work you have to define art so broadly that it just sort of means ‘stuff'. Everyone dies, but everyone does different things with the body. Everyone needs to need, but not eating or only eating certain things are a remarkably common part of culture. And in fact, starving one's self is a surprisingly common thing to do. Human life is precious, which is why some people insist it must be preserved, while others exult in taking it. Everyone needs to sleep — although I think they have a pill for that now. Even basic things like ‘marriage' are extremely hard to define when you look at everything in the ethnographic record that looks like marriage.
Anthropology tells us that we basically share a common composition, but have a bewildering variety of learned behavior. It teaches us that people who are different from us are not an inferior species of faux-human, nor are they mad, pathological, or sick. They're just different.
The world needs World Anthropology Day to remind us of the maddening consequences of these facts: That our way of life is our way of life, and we cherish it because it is ours. It is not, sadly, given to us by the gods, written in the stars, inscribed in our genes, or the inevitable product of the biome we live in at the moment. Anthropology even predicts that its own arguments will not be accepted everywhere — which is perhaps the prediction it nailed best.
It's hard to live in a world where the transcendental grounding of your values is yanked out from underneath your feet. It is comforting to know that your enemies are monsters driven by irrational and unfathomable hate — after all, Facebook and Twitter assure us of this every day! But in fact your enemies, whoever they are, are probably people like you who live culturally rational lives which are coherent and make sense to them. They may understand the world a little bit differently than you, or they may share the same values as you, but weigh them differently. This isn't to say that you can't have a principled disagreement with them, or even believe the only way to make the world safe is to dispose of them. But it is to say that these decisions just are your decisions, not something built into the structure of the cosmos. And it is to say that if you take the time, you will understand why your enemies act as they do, even if you do not agree with them.
We live in a world today where cultural difference is more common than ever. This is, as the political scientists say, a ‘multi-polar' world without a firm center. Thanks to the Internet, ideas and ‘culture traits' are diffusing at rates that would make Boas's head spin. Migration and movement is more a part of human history than ever. We used to worry about humans adapt to the environment, but now we worry how the environment is adapting to humans. The enduring topics of anthropology don't just endure this World Anthropology Day, they are more central to our world than ever.
What the world needs more of us what anthropology has always offered: tolerance, open mindedness, curiosity, and a healthy dose skepticism about our own self-knowledge. It would be easy to fall back on self confidence, moral certitude, and a belief in our right to make others live the way that we would prefer. But perhaps this World Anthropology Day we can take the high road and see where it gets us. It's a harder road, but ultimately a more worthwhile one. Plus also there's chocolate mint ice-cream.
Happy World Anthropology Day.
The Winners The Honey Badger and never giving up, Part 1 You know that if you give Daniel Ricciardo just a tiny a sniff of victory, they are going to reach for it with both hands. For the perfect evidence, consider this: all five of the Australian's wins have come from outside the top three on the grid. By way of contrast, Sebastian Vettel has 45 wins - and ever single one of them has been from first, second or third on the grid. Put simply, Ricciardo has an uncanny knack of being in the right place to capitalise...
Baku was no different. When they had to pit on lap five to have debris removed from their brakes, it looked all over for Ricciardo. They rejoined in 17th place, but then got lifelines thrown at them as the safety car deployments mounted up. In that first stop they were switched from supersoft tyres to softs. But during a second stop, under the first safety car, they were given more supersofts, as they had a set left after their shunt in qualifying. By cleverly grabbing every strategic advantage they could find, Red Bull helped them up to fifth place when the third and final safety car period ended on lap 24, and in one fantastic swoop they grabbed that sniff and jumped the Williams duo to take third place going into Turn 1 on lap 25. That was the move that made the race for him, once Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel had respectively fallen foul of a loose headrest and a penalty. It was a win that owed something to fortune, but also to simple brilliance - as is true of any victory in a car that doesn't have the outright pace to get the job done. Sometimes you make your own luck - say with an astonishing move on three cars in one corner, for example. For that alone, aside from the other 50 laps of beautifully judged attack and aggression, Ricciardo thoroughly deserved their fifth big success.
Valtteri Bottas and never giving up, Part 2
They were in last place after the opening lap, following their collision with fellow Finn Kimi Raikkonen at Turn 2. And the need for a new front wing meant they were a lap down when they rejoined. But the combination of three safety cars enabled them to unlap himself, and a superbly feisty drive enabled them not just to battle back into contention but to snatch second place from Lance Stroll right on the finish line. All in all, it was one of the best back to front recoveries in F1's rich history.
Lance Stroll - F1's latest teenage sensation The Canadian rookie really turned their season on its head here. Fresh from scoring their first two world championship points in their homeland – where the feat put them on all the front pages – they became the youngest rookie podium finisher in F1 history. And they did it with a tremendously accomplished drive in which they didn't put a wheel wrong and was only beaten to second place by a mere tenth of a second by the Russian GP winner in a Mercedes – literally on the finish line. Consider this: only one driver in history, Max Verstappen, has stood on a Grand Prix podium at a younger age. And consider this too: Sebastian Vettel, Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton were all comfortably more than two years older than Stroll when they first sipped the champagne in F1. Not a bad way to shut your critics up, nor a bad present for their countrymen as Canada Day approaches on July 1st.
The watching world Breathless. Unceasingly dramatic. Crazy. It was hard to stick to just one adjective to sum up 51 laps of madness in Baku. From teammate collisions to title rivals hitting each other, and from shock podiums - at one stage remember Haas's Kevin Magnussen was in line for third - to snatching positions on the line, it was a Grand Prix that had a bit of everything. A race to savour for the fans then, and many of the drivers and teams too. Perhaps Stroll and co put it best - 'insane'.
Magnussen's star turn History will record that Kevin Magnussen finished seventh in Baku, 41s behind Daniel Ricciardo. It's a line that doesn't do justice to a superb drive from the Dane. As drama unfolded around him, Magnussen kept their cool and delivered a sensational drive. Passing Carlos Sainz and Fernando Alonso in one sequence was the standout moment, but it was the tantalising prospect of a podium that really resonated, with the Dane somehow wrestling their Haas into third at the two-third distance mark. It wasn't to be, and they dropped back as the likes of Bottas, Vettel and Hamilton came through the field - but even so this was a remarkable drive well worth applauding.
Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel The former deserves mention in the Winners section for their qualifying lap alone. It wasn't just the speed - although four tenths advantage to their teammate, and more than 1s to the rest of the field was resounding; it was also the manner, coming as it did with the pressure on, with one lap, one chance, to make it count... A watching Niki Lauda perhaps summed it up best. "Lewis with their lap [in qualifying]…I've never seen anything like it..." Vettel too makes an appearance in our Winners section. After all, despite Hamilton appearing to have the race under control, the German managed to actually extend their points lead to 14. And yet...
The Losers Vettel and *that* collision They may have extended their championship lead, but the Ferrari man did themselves no favours - not only through their double-contact with Hamilton behind the safety car, but also in refusing to address the incident properly after the race. Some thought their resultant 10-second stop/go penalty was too harsh; others saw it as too lenient. Vettel themselves said Hamilton should also have been penalised if they are, but labelled the incident a one-off and insisted the mutual respect between themselves and Hamilton will still be in place in Austria. The Briton however said Vettel had 'disgraced himself' and had acted in a way unbecoming of a four-time world champion, so they're not exactly on the same page...
Hamilton and missed opportunities Even after the contact with Vettel, Hamilton looked to have the Azerbaijan Grand Prix all tucked up – until something as plain as a loose headrest obliged them to make a second pit stop, on the 31st lap. They dropped to eighth, and was unable to recover higher than fifth, behind Vettel, by the chequered flag. They thus left Baku with a 14-point deficit, instead of a three-point lead.
Force India and inter-team harmony For a time, Force India looked set to have a very big result in Baku. After making a great start, Sergio Perez was fending off Max Verstappen in a fight over third place, behind only Hamilton and Vettel. As the Mexican pointed out, that could well have meant a shot at victory given events... But then they and Ocon broke the golden rule and collided on track. Perez, who was ahead, pointed the finger at Ocon for squeezing them into the wall, while Ocon blamed the kerbs for pitching them into their teammate's path in much the same way as Bottas and Raikkonen's lap one clash. Perez's race was ultimately ended by the crash, despite Force India's best efforts - while Ocon salvaged eight points after a strong recovery to sixth place (at one stage they were running third before faster cars pushed them back). Compared with what might have been, that was a pittance however. The Force India garage could be a tense place in Austria...
“Make the cow a national animal”, declared Maulana Syed Ashrad Madani, president of the Jamiat Ulama-i-Hind. They said this not so much to buy peace as to bring sanity to the issue of beef eating. Both sides have misplaced priorities, and this is bad for our brains. Those who argue that minorities are being pampered should ask themselves, why then, in aggregate terms, are Muslims always poorer than Hindus?
At the same time, a fact check is advised for those who think banning beef is anti-secular. True, Hindus are forbidden to eat the cow but neither does Islam ordain that it be slaughtered. Muslims would certainly not lose their faith if they did not get a regular ration of beef. In fact, some of the best cuisines from Awadh, Hyderabad and Kashmir, are mutton based and, in all such instances, the connoisseur would be horrified to stir cow meat into the pot.
Nor is it that the veneration of an animal is strictly a Hindu peculiarity. The Egyptians believed the cat was sacred; the Zoroastrians, like the Hindus, revere the ox as their prophet was, in lore, saved by one; the Cherokee Native Americans give the eagle a special place and nobody is allowed to mess with it. The gentle turtle is also an object of worship among many peoples, ancient and modern.
In a number of cultures it is forbidden to kill the totemic symbol of the community, be it an animal, even a plant; why, sometimes also a creature nobody has ever seen. The Chinese have a near totemic relationship with the dragon, Czechs with a double-tailed lion, but none of these animals actually exist. Humans and nature interact in ways more complex than the dichotomy between “us” and “them”.
Beef is banned in 24 out of 29 Indian states; besides our Constitution also directs us to protect the cow. Other countries have outlawed other kinds of meat for reasons not always religious. However, when a law prohibits the consumption, or slaughter, of a certain animal, then it applies to every citizen, without exception. In Germany, Britain, Ireland, France, South Australia, among several other countries, dog meat is banned. In six states in America you cannot flip dog flesh on your hamburger grill.
As you can't pet a dog and slaughter it too, eating its meat would mean farming the animal and keeping it under conditions in which chickens and turkeys are bred. This thought, by itself, is so revolting, that plating dogs for a meal is now a hideous crime in many parts of the world. Curiously, even where eating dog meat is allowed, there are restrictions on slaughtering it. Such is the case in Appenzel and St Gallen districts of Switzerland.
If you are hopelessly addicted to dog meat, you have to go somewhere else, and the space for that is shrinking. Now even Taiwan, post westernisation, has banned the sale of dog meat. The Chinese, for a long time, had no inhibitions against this kind of protein, but now some qualms are emerging.
It is often argued that this is an outcome of the one-child policy which allows for more time, room and emotional space for raising a pet. Under these conditions the dog, predictably, is the most popular choice in many homes. It is hard to imagine this for as recently as in 1983 in Beijing, it was illegal to keep a dog as a pet.
Eating a horse was not particularly encouraged in the US, but is known to have happened. When it did, it was usually under strained circumstances; when food and victuals were scarce and even the kitchen salt running low. Today, however, there is a specific law against horseflesh in the US and there is nothing religious behind this. It is true that over 600 years ago Pope Gregory II had instructed St Boniface to campaign against horse meat, but when the last horse slaughter house was closed in America in 2007, nobody remembered what a Pope had once said.
The horse, the dog, the cat, are treated as pets in many cultures, which is why eating them is not just bad manners, but illegal too. It does not matter where the sentiment to ban the eating of a certain animal comes from: it may be religion, or because of a certain affection towards a species. But whenever this prohibition is in place, the arm of the law is equally muscular and long. Under these circumstances, it is pointless to demand dog meat as a legal claim; it would be laughed out of court.
Doubtless, there will be random attempts to trick people into buying dog meat as goat meat, or horse meat as beef, or selling cat meat as rabbit meat. This practice must have been prevalent enough for there is, in fact, a Spanish saying: “To pass off a cat as a hare.” In India, sadly, gau rakshaks often set out to “pass off” buffalo meat (sometimes any meat) as beef, to create terror among Muslims. Well-meaning secularists, on the other hand, frequently end up falling on their swords. When gau rakshaks turn murderous they should be single-mindedly tried for their crimes. Why blunt this thrust by simultaneously arguing that eating beef is a democratic right?
To insist on beef in India, in the name of secularism, is just as ridiculous as demanding a dog or horse in a New York restaurant. All that is forbidden need not be holy!
Fox News last night aired additional portions of host Bill O'Reilly's entertaining Super Bowl Sunday interview with President Obama. Beyond a doubt, the dramatic highlight came when O'Reilly wondered whether the president felt he'd been unfair to him. “Absolutely,” responded the president. “Of course you have, Bill. But I like you anyway, Bill.”
Good television.
O'Reilly used the occasion to plug a policy plank dear to Fox News and its ilk, noting that education is the “secret” to securing a good job. “And in these chaotic families,” continued O'Reilly, “the children aren't well-educated because it isn't — it isn't, um, encouraged at home as much as it is in other precincts. Now, school vouchers is a way to level the playing field. Why do you oppose school vouchers when it would give poor people a chance to go to better schools?”
Now to the transcript:
PRESIDENT OBAMA – Actually — every study that's been done on school vouchers, Bill, says that it has very limited impact if any — O'REILLY – Try it. PRESIDENT OBAMA – Oh — it has been tried, it's been tried in Milwaukee, it's been tried right here in D.C. — O'REILLY [OVERLAP] – And it worked here. PRESIDENT OBAMA – No, actually, it didn't. When you end up taking a look at it, it didn't actually make that much of a difference. So what we have been supportive of is, uh, something called charters. Which, within the public school system gives the opportunity for creative experiments by teachers, by principals to, to start schools that have a different approach. And — O'REILLY [OVERLAP] – You would revisit that? I just think — I used be, teach in a Catholic school, and I just know — PRESIDENT OBAMA [OVERLAP] – Bill — you know . . . I've taken a look at it. As a general proposition, vouchers has not significantly improved the performance of kids that are in these poorest communities —
At that point, O'Reilly essentially abandoned the scene, perhaps because they lacked the deep familiarity with the issue necessary to debate the president. O'Reilly stated point-blank that D.C.'s voucher system — known as the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program (OSP) — “worked.” The president said it was a dud.
The president was right: A study released by the Department of Education in 2010 found “no conclusive evidence that the OSP affected student achievement.” O'Reilly was right, too: The same study concluded that the program boosted students' chances of graduating from high school, and parents were more satisfied with schools under the OSP. The Post editorial board used the study's findings as support for its pro-voucher position:
The graduation rate for students who were offered scholarships was 82 percent, compared with 70 percent for those not in the program. Few things are more critical to future success than graduation, so it's hard to discount the difference that vouchers made for the low-income students participating in the program. It's also hard for those blessed with the resources to choose among good schools to truly appreciate the dilemma of parents powerless to affect their children's education.
From the sound of their comments, Obama was relying on this study in delivering their limp assessment of the voucher program in D.C. And from the sound of their comebacks, O'Reilly hadn't studied up on it.
What O'Reilly did present was personal experience, citing their time as a teacher in a Catholic school. After graduating from Marist College, O'Reilly worked at Monsignor Edward Pace High School in a Miami suburb, teaching English and history from 1970 to 1972.
And there's no question that D.C. voucher money helped students receive the same kind of instruction that O'Reilly admired in south Florida. An extensive Post story from November 2012 revealed that of approximately 1,500 voucher students, “more than half attend Catholic schools and a handful are enrolled at prestigious independent schools.”
That same Post investigation, however, found that vouchers were helping to send kids to “schools that are unaccredited or are in unconventional settings.” Here's how the story describes one such setting:
While some schools have libraries, art studios and athletic fields, the Muhammad University of Islam occupies the second floor of a former residence east of the Anacostia River. The unaccredited K-8 school is supported by the Nation of Islam, according to director Stephanie Muhammad. Parents choose the school because of its small classes, safety and strict discipline, they said. About one-third of the 55 students hold vouchers. Few of the others can afford the $5,335 annual tuition, Muhammad said. They are asked to help defray tuition by raising funds. Last month, they sold pizzas. This month, it's coffee and tea. The classrooms are small, located in what were perhaps once bedrooms. On the walls are posters of Louis Farrakhan, the controversial leader of the Nation of Islam. On a recent visit, the only bathroom in the school had a floor blackened with dirt and a sink coated in grime. The bathtub was filled with paint cans and cleaning supplies concealed by a curtain. Muhammad said in a subsequent interview that the bathroom is used only in emergencies, and students typically use a restroom on the floor below in a day-care center that they had previously described as unrelated to the school.
That bit about Farrakhan might just be enough to temper O'Reilly's enthusiasm for vouchers. After all, in March 2010, this is what the Fox News host said about him: “Racism comes in all colors, but it's usually not fair to brand another human being a racist. That's often a cheap accusation leveled by gutter snipes. But when it comes to the Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan the ‘R' word and the description anti-Semite do apply.”
RELATED: The Right's 25 most influential
1 of 25 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The Right's 25 most influential, from Townhall.com View Photos The conservative Web site's latest listing of the most prominent voices on the right, with a few names you may not know. Caption The conservative Web site's latest listing of the most prominent voices on the right, with a few names you may not know. 1, Rush Limbaugh They can make news, kill legislation and sell books anytime they want to, Townhall says. The biggest right-wing radio show host in America has spoken to a generation of conservatives. Micah Walter/Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
1 of 14 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The worst media screw-ups of 2013 View Photos Washington Post media blogger Erik Wemple picks the biggest mistakes of the year. Caption Washington Post media blogger Erik Wemple picks the biggest mistakes of the year. The anonymous Benghazi source CBS's Lara Logan retracted and apologized for a “60 Minutes” report about the Benghazi compound attack which relied on false information given by a source to whom CBS had granted anonymity. Chris Pizzello/Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
(Corrects paragraph 18, changing to Asian Development Bank)
* Europeans aiming for yuan entry into SDR this year -sources
* China would be first emerging nation to join IMF currency basket
* U.S. and Japan more hesitant
* Keen to avoid AIIB re-run, U.S. stresses conditions, not timing
By Paul Taylor
BRUSSELS, April 2 (Reuters) - China is closer to joining the major league of reserve currencies with a deal possible later this year to include the yuan in the International Monetary Fund's unit of account, international finance officials say.
However the United States, where China's growing economic and political muscle is a source of strategic concern in Congress, is reluctant to add the yuan so soon to the basket of currencies that make up the IMF's Special Drawing Rights.
U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said after a visit to Beijing this week the yuan was not yet ready to join the virtual currency that defines the value of the IMF's reserves, used for lending to countries in financial difficulty.
“While further liberalization and reform are needed for the (yuan) to meet this standard, we encourage the process of completing these necessary reforms,” Lew said in a speech in San Francisco on Tuesday.
The yuan, also known as the renminbi or RMB, is already the world's fifth most-used trade currency. Beijing has made strides this year in introducing the infrastructure needed to float it freely on global capital markets.
European members of the Group of Seven major industrialised economies - Germany, Britain, France and Italy - favour adding the yuan this year to the basket that comprises the dollar, the euro, the yen and the pound sterling. Japan, like the United States, is more cautious, the officials said.
The IMF's board will hold an initial discussion in May on China's request and a full five-yearly review of the SDR's composition will be conducted later in the year ahead of a decision expected in November, IMF officials said.
“The German side supports China's goal to add the RMB to the SDR currency basket based on existing criteria,” Joachim Nagel, a member of the executive board of the German central bank, said last weekend at a high-level forum in Boao, on the southern Chinese island of Hainan.
The upcoming review could be a good opportunity to introduce the yuan into the basket, they said, adding: “We appreciate China's recent development and progress towards liberalisation.”
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang asked IMF chief Christine Lagarde last month to include the yuan in its SDR basket, pledged to speed up its “basic convertibility” and said China hoped to play an active role in international efforts to maintain financial stability, state news agency Xinhua said.
PHASED ENTRY?
A euro zone central bank source said one route could see a phased entry into the SDR, linked to fulfilling the official criterion that the yuan must be “freely usable”, which Western officials interpret as full convertibility.
It would be the first emerging market currency to join the SDR, marking another stage in China's rise as a global economic player and requiring the United States to accept a dilution of its unrivalled power in international finance.
While the Europeans are vying for commercial advantage in the world's second biggest economy, Washington sees Beijing also as an authoritarian strategic challenger that may not feel bound by rules written by the West.
The U.S. Congress has held up ratification of a 2010 reform of voting rights in the IMF intended to give China and other emerging economies more say.
Britain, keen to secure pole position for London as an offshore centre for international trading in yuan, has taken the lead in pressing publicly for China's admission to the SDR.
David Ramsden, chief economic adviser at the UK Treasury, said much had changed since the makeup of the virtual currency was last reviewed in 2010, and including the yuan was now a “very live issue”.
Germany has ambitions to lure yuan trading to Frankfurt, home of the European Central Bank, and was irked when Britain last month jumped ahead of its EU partners to become a founder member of the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.
Washington suffered a diplomatic reverse after trying to dissuade its allies from joining the Chinese initiative, seen as a potential rival to the World Bank and Asian Development Bank, dominated by the United States and Japan.
Keen to avoid a second rift with Europe - even though the United States can block IMF decisions - Lew focused on the terms for admitting the yuan to the SDR rather than the timing.
“China will need to successfully complete difficult fundamental reforms, such as capital account liberalization, a more market-determined exchange rate, interest rate liberalization, as well as strengthening of financial regulation and supervision,” they said.
While Washington believed Beijing has stopped intervening to weaken its currency, Lew said the true test would come when market pressure increased for the yuan to strengthen.
David Marsh, managing director of the central banking think-tank OMFIF, sees a “grand bargain” between China, the United States and the IMF taking shape under which Beijing would enter the heart of global finance in exchange for turning the yuan into a strong currency on world financial markets.
The Chinese central bank was using its $3.8 trillion in reserves to keep the yuan steady against the dollar. The Chinese currency has appreciated by 11 percent in trade-weighted terms in the past year.
“All of this is a potential challenge for the dollar and its pivotal position in world money,” Marsh said in a briefing.
While there is no fixed set of indicators to measure the eligibility of a currency for the SDR basket, in 2011 IMF staff set out a number of indicators that could show whether a currency is “freely usable”: - currency composition of official reserve holdings; - currency denomination of international banking liabilities; - currency denomination of international debt securities; - volume of transactions in foreign exchange spot markets.
More than 60 central banks hold the yuan in their reserves, according to China-focused bankers in London. Offshore trading in the yuan soared some 350 percent on Thomson Reuters trading platforms last year and rival platform EBS said the yuan was one of its top five traded currencies.
A former high IMF official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said 2015 was too soon for the yuan to qualify, but the Chinese central bank could use the review to persuade Communist Party leaders to move further towards convertibility.
Zhu Min, the IMF's Chinese deputy managing director, noted the yuan was increasingly used in trade and was also growing in capital markets.
“Clearly the RMB is already qualified, in a sense, on trade activity,” they told reporters at the Boao Forum. “But on the freely usable side ... there are still some obstructions.” (Additional reporting by Adam Jourdan in Boao, China, Rory Carroll in San Francisco, Randall Palmer in Ottawa and Patrick Graham in London; Writing by Paul Taylor. Editing by Mike Peacock.)
Many Americans were startled to see reports on Monday that the Department of Homeland Security was purchasing 2700 armored vehicles, all of which are fully equipped with armor strong enough to withstand ballistic arms fire, mine blasts, and IEDs, and are to be used domestically. But this massive purchase of military-style vehicles is just the tip of the iceberg for several Americans who have been closely following the U.S. government's recent activity.In March, 2012, it was reported that the DHS was purchasing 450 million rounds of .40 caliber ammunition. It was then reported later in the year that they were purchasing 200 million rounds of .223 and .388 hollow point. They then added another 200,000 rounds in January, 2013 and 21.6 million in February. [1]Aside from massive ammunition purchases and rolling out domestic tanks, the government has also demonstrated its preparedness for a potential crisis by establishing "Emergency Centers." In 2009, the 111th Congress released H.R. 645 , which authorized the creation of FEMA emergency camp facilities which would house U.S. citizens during a national emergency or crisis. [2]As for why the government is preparing in such a way, that can be left to opinion, analysis, speculation, and theory. The government has become more serious on controversial issues such as gun control, which has many people people fearing civil unrest and U.S. banks have been told to make plans for preventing a potential economic collapse, fueling the idea that our economy is not very strong. As Alex Allen and Liberty Battles reported earlier this year, there are several reasons as to why people believe tyranny may arise in America, including urban warfare drills and military documents outlining plans for civil unrest . Could all of these thoughts floating around be the U.S. government's justification for preparing for something big as it appears they are doing? Only time will tell.[1] Most of the ammunition purchased by Homeland Security is hollowpoint ammunition, which has been outlawed for use in international warfare and could only be used domestically.[2] Article : New Legislation Authorized FEMA Camps in U.S.
BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Maxi Rodriguez scored twice as Argentina routed Canada 5-0 Monday in their final match on home soil before heading to the World Cup.
Argentina's Carlos Tevez (L) runs for the ball as Daniel Imhof of Canada looks on during their friendly soccer match in Buenos Aires, May 24, 2010. REUTERS/Santiago Pandolfi
Winger Angel Di Maria also scored a fine goal at a packed Monumental stadium against a Canada side who were overwhelmed at times by the speed and precision of Argentina's attacks.
Diego Maradona's side, featuring reserve centre backs and without the rested Lionel Messi, went ahead after quarter of an hour with a right-footed free kick from Rodriguez.
Just past the half-hour mark they scored again, finishing off a lightning break that demonstrated the strength of Maradona's team on the counter-attack.
The ball came out of defence to Gonzalo Higuain, who laid it off to Carlos Tevez breaking through the middle. Faced with two defenders Tevez passed it to their right where Rodriguez hit a low first-time shot under goalkeeper Patrick Onstad.
Di Maria made it 3-0 shortly before the interval when they surprised the Canada defence by curling the ball inside the far post with the outside of their left foot.
“The lads understood what I wanted, there are no friendlies,” Maradona said in a televised interview on the pitch. “The fans can relax, we have good players.”
The hard-working Tevez also got on the scoresheet just past the hour from a lay-off in the box by Higuain.
Sergio Aguero replaced Tevez and had only been on the pitch a minute when they took a long pass out to the left, cut inside, wrong-footed a defender and scored the fifth.
Argentina will face Nigeria, South Korea and Greece in Group B at the June 11-July 11 World Cup finals in South Africa.
Woman, 43, is found guilty of downloading child porn to frame estranged ex-husband
Meri Jane Woods, of Pennsylvania, told police their husband downloaded some 40 lewd pictures to their home computer
A forensic analysis revealed the photos were saved weeks after the husband was kicked out of the house due to a protective order
Woods faces up to nine years behind bars
A Pennsylvania woman has been found guilty of downloading child pornography in a failed attempt to frame their estranged husband.
Meri Jane Woods, of Clymer, was convicted Wednesday in Indiana County.
District Attorney Patrick Dougherty says the 43-year-old Woods downloaded 40 images to the family computer, took it to police last August and blamed Matthew Woods for the material.
But when police examined time stamps, they determined the images had been downloaded just three days earlier.
Yet the ex-husband had been kicked out of the house some two weeks before, when Meri Woods had filed a protection-from-abuse order.
Woods' attorney had argued the time stamps were unreliable.
It only took the prosecution one witness, a police forensic investigator, to get a slam-dunk conviction.
Woods will be sentenced in December on a felony charge of possession of child pornography and a misdemeanor charge of lying to police, the Indiana Gazette reported.
They could receive up to seven years in prison and a $15,000 for the felony, the paper reported. The misdemeanor could land them another two years behind bars and a $5,000 fine.
Woods may be forced to register as a sex offender for up to 15 years, pending an evaluation by the state Sexual Offenders Assessment Board.
BP is being accused by a US congressional committee of ignoring warnings, violating its own industry guidelines, and choosing risky procedures in the hope of cutting costs and saving time in the days leading up to the catastrophic explosion of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig.
Tony Hayward, BP's chief executive, was served notice on Monday by the committee on energy and commerce that it intends to subject them to the most rigorous inquisition the company has yet faced in the 56-day-old crisis. A letter from the committee's chairperson, Henry Waxman, said "time after time, it appears BP made decisions that increased the risk of a blowout to save the company time or expense".
Hayward's hearing will take place on Thursday, towards the end of a crucial week in which the tensions between US politicians and BP are likely to escalate.
Barack Obama will tonight make their first address to the American people from the Oval Office, underlining the scale of the catastrophe now unfolding in the Gulf of Mexico and vowing to hold BP to account for the environmental damage wrought by its eight-week-old oil spill.
Obama is expected to use the speech to outline plans to force the firm to set up an independently monitored multibillion-dollar fund to compensate victims of the spill. They will also lay out a detailed timeline of how the worst of the calamity could be contained.
Hours before the broadcast, the energy and environment sub-committee of the House of Representatives will call senior BP officials in front of it to answer questions on the company's handling of the crisis. Then tomorrow, Obama will hold their first meeting with a team of top BP staff led by the chairperson, Carl-Henric Svanberg, and expected to include Hayward who has so far avoided a face-to-face encounter with the president.
But it will be the forensic questioning of Hayward in front of Thursday's committee on energy and commerce upon which BP's fate now potentially hangs. Waxman's advance letter runs to 14 pages and contains damaging allegations gathered during previous hearings.
Five days before the 20 April explosion, the letter contends, BP was warned by its own drilling engineer that this was a "nightmare well". Yet the firm went on to make five crucial decisions that the committee alleges put profit before safety.
BP, at this point, was up against the clock, attempting to complete drilling so that the Deepwater Horizon rig could be moved to another location, avoiding overrun costs.
The five accusations levelled at BP by the committee are:
• That it adopted a cheap design for the well, choosing a single casing rather than a more sophisticated design, despite the fact that its own analysis found strongly in favour of the latter. "The decision appears to have been made to save time and reduce costs," the letter says.
• BP went with the cheapest option of using just six "centralisers", which hold the casing in the centre of the borehole, despite being advised by its contractors Halliburton to use 21. Halliburton warned that the well had a "SEVERE gas flow problem" and that using six centralisers would risk the success of the procedure.
• BP decided not to carry out an acoustic test designed to measure the efficacy of the cementing of the well to block off gas flows. The test would have cost $128,000 and taken an extra 12 hours. An independent engineer who gave evidence to the committee said it was "unheard of" not to perform the test and slammed the decision as being "horribly negligent".
• BP failed to check the proper workings of the new well system by circulating drilling mud from its bottom to the surface. Halliburton suggested the lack of a full test was due to BP's desire for speed.
• The firm did not install a critical piece of equipment that locks the wellhead and the casing at the level of the sea floor. The absence of the "lockdown sleeve" has been identified as one possible cause of the explosion.
Waxman's letter concludes that BP must answer to the committee for possible "carelessness and complacency" that "inflicted a heavy toll on the Gulf, its inhabitants and the workers on the rig.
The new offensive by Congress came as Obama began a two-day visit to the stricken region. After they had landed in Gulfport, Mississippi, they likened the environmental impact of the Deep Horizon explosion to the impact on the national psyche of 9/11.
In an interview with the website Politico, they said: "In the same way that our view of our vulnerabilities and our foreign policy was shaped profoundly by 9/11, I think this disaster is going to shape how we think about the environment and energy for many years to come." The comparison drew some angry responses from families of the victims of the 9/11 attacks.
BP has now passed a 72-hour ultimatum set for it by the Obama administration to come up with a more focused plan for how to bring the spill under control. Worst-case scenarios, estimated by US government scientists, suggest that up to 40,000 barrels of oil could be spewing out into the Gulf each day, with only 15,000 barrels currently being collected by a cap placed over the wrecked well. The company has outlined a series of methods it intends to implement that it claims will see the amount of captured oil rise to up to 80,000 barrels a day by mid-July.
The 'ass kickers'
Henry Waxman
The Democrat member of congress is famous for in 1994 forcing chiefs of tobacco giants to swear under oath that nicotine was not addictive. They will seek the same killer punch against Tony Hayward on Thursday, when BP's CEO appears before a panel of the House energy and commerce committee. Expect them to press Hayward hard on whether BP put profit before safety.
Ed Markey
With a long track record of holding power to account – from the nuclear electricity industry to the US government over torture – Markey has become a leading critic of BP's handling of the Deepwater Horizon crisis. "They are either incompetent or they are lying," they have said of BP chiefs. Today the Democratic member of congress will call BP America's president, Lamar McKay, as well as the bosses of rival oil companies in front of their House energy and environment sub-committee. Likely line of questioning: why BP's estimates of the size of the spill have been so massively wide of the mark.
Robert Gibbs
Barack Obama's press spokesperson, who has been "kicking ass" on the president's behalf, has been accused of whipping up anti-British feeling by referring to British Petroleum rather than BP, the firm's rebranded name. They have also used such fruity language as: "We will keep our boot on the throat of BP". Gibbs says the administration is just focused on what's right.
Thad Allen
The US coastguard admiral who Obama put in charge of the clean-up operation last week issued BP with a 72-hour ultimatum to come up with solid plans on how to contain the leak. Allen has been careful in their criticisms of BP until now, saying it has generally been co-operative. But daily media exposure of Allen, in which they have come across as energetic and action-oriented, has only served to make BP look all the more incompetent.
Please note that this report is provided for the public and the media
The SMM monitored the implementation of the “Package of measures for the Implementation of the Minsk agreements”. The SMM, based on its monitoring – which was restricted by third parties and by security considerations* – assessed the security situation in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions as relatively calm.
(* See the section ‘Restrictions on SMM access and freedom of movement' at the end of this report for more details)
The SMM visited the Donetsk airport where, in the new terminal, the “Donetsk People's Republic” (“DPR”) “emergency services” started to recover dead bodies. Fifteen captive men, whom a “DPR” member described as Ukrainian servicemen who had been fighting at the Donetsk airport, were tasked with assisting the “emergency services” in recovering body parts. A “DPR” member involved in the recovery told the SMM that the bodies would first be brought to the morgue in Donetsk and thereafter to Dnepropetrovsk. While at the airport, between 10:15 and 11:40hrs, the SMM heard at least 50 explosions, mostly from automatic grenade launchers, as well as small-arms and heavy-machine gun fire at a location less than one kilometre north-west of the Donetsk airport new terminal. The SMM assessed that most of the fire was incoming but could not ascertain the origin of the incoming fire. Between 11:40 and 12:05hrs the SMM heard several incoming mortar rounds approximately 300 to 500 meters north-west of its location but could not ascertain the origin of the incoming fire.
At a location 15 kilometres west of government-controlled Ocheretino (38km north-west of Donetsk) the SMM met a Ukrainian Armed Forces convoy consisting of five 152mm howitzers, towed by three Kraz trucks, two Kamaz trucks and one support vehicle. The SMM followed the convoy for three kilometres to the village of Hrodivka. In Hrodivka the convoy turned south. The SMM was prevented from proceeding further by the convoy commander.*
While waiting at a checkpoint in government-controlled Volnovakha (51km south-south-west of Donetsk) for approval to proceed beyond the checkpoint, the SMM heard four rounds of small arms fire and left the scene immediately.*
At a location three kilometres west of government-controlled Staromaiorske (90km west-south-west of Donetsk) the SMM observed a Ukrainian Armed Forces convoy consisting of 15 multiple launch rocket systems (MLRS) Uragan and two support vehicles. The convoy was accompanied by two civilian-type vehicles. All vehicles were without number plates. The SMM monitored the convoy up to a location that the convoy commander described as the final destination. The convoy commander stated that the weapons systems would remain in this area.
While on its way to a previously visited site of Ukrainian Armed Forces weapons in the northern part of the Donetsk region where Ukrainian Armed Forces were concentrated, the SMM was restricted in its freedom of movement at a checkpoint manned by Ukrainian Armed Forces personnel and thereby prevented from verifying the withdrawal of the previously-monitored heavy weapons.*
While approaching a Ukrainian Armed Forces command post located in government-controlled Berdiansk (98km south of Donetsk), the SMM was asked to stop by three soldiers, who fired one warning shot above the SMM vehicle. The SMM stopped and talked with the soldiers who said that they belonged to the Donbass battalion, which had been rotated in the area on 5 March. The SMM was then allowed to proceed. While at a location on the eastern edge of Berdiansk, the SMM heard the sound of 18 rounds of mortar shelling from a north-north-easterly direction at an approximate distance of 12 kilometres from the observation post. A few minutes later the SMM heard another five rounds of mortar shelling from an easterly direction two kilometres from its position. Later on the SMM heard six rounds of outgoing mortar shelling from a government-controlled area towards the “DPR”-controlled area two kilometres east of its position.
At a location between government-controlled Manhush (107km south-west of Donetsk) and government-controlled Volodarske (92km south-west of Donetsk), the SMM observed a Ukrainian Armed Forces convoy consisting of six MLRS Uragan, each of them fully loaded with 16 Uragan rockets, and four military support vehicles carrying Uragan rockets missiles, stationary on the highway to Manhush.
On 6 March, an SMM Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) conducted operational flights in the security zone on both sides of the “line of contact”. The flight area stretched approximately from Donetsk to Stakhanov (90 km north-east of Donetsk). During the flight, the UAV observed only limited military presence consisting of several armoured vehicles (armed personnel carriers (APCs), military-type supply trucks, and one battle tank), as well as extensive damage to civilian infrastructure in several locations. Using an infra-red camera the UAV recorded a pattern of warmth on the ground in one place consistent with a recent rocket launch. Furthermore, the UAV was jammed while flying in the vicinity of “DPR”-controlled Horlivka and “DPR”-controlled Yasinuvata.
In the Luhansk region, the SMM attempted to monitor four separate withdrawals of different types of heavy weapons of the Ukrainian Armed Forces in government-controlled areas of Hrechyshkyne (45km north-west of Luhansk), Denezhnykove (59km north-west of Luhansk), Novookhtyrka (54km north-west of Luhansk), and Polovynkyne (70km north-west of Luhansk). The SMM was notified of these moves by the Head of the Ukrainian side to the JCCC. The Ukrainian Armed Forces officers at these locations said they were awaiting orders to move this equipment. The equipment remained static while SMM was present.
While stationary near Hrechyshkyne, the SMM spotted seven APCs and one truck towing a mortar. The convoy was heading west to east. At the same location, the SMM spotted a convoy of four artillery command and reconnaissance vehicles (ACRV) heading west. While stationary in Polovynkyne, the SMM observed a T-72 tank on the back of a trailer heading north from government-controlled Novoaidar (57km north of Luhansk) to Starobilsk.
While driving by the walled compound of a “LPR”-controlled coal mine, the SMM noticed the barrel of an anti-aircraft gun protruding from the compound itself. The SMM decided to monitor the compound and, once inside, saw a truck-mounted 23mm anti-aircraft gun, two multipurpose light armoured towing vehicles (MTLBs) with anti-aircraft missiles, and five 122mm self-propelled howitzer (2S1). The equipment was neatly parked and attended by at least two dozen “LPR” armed personnel that were cleaning weapons and performing other manual tasks.
Ukrainian Security Officers in Kharkiv confirmed to the SMM that a privately-owned vehicle exploded on 6 March at 11:59hrs in the city's Moskovskyi district. According to the interlocutor, two magnetic type explosive devices had been fixed underneath the vehicle. One of the two explosive devices exploded and caused massive damage to the vehicle and injured the two passengers, the commander of the special Ministry of Internal Affairs battalion “Slobozhanshina” and their wife. The second device was discovered unexploded in the wreckage of the vehicle. The SMM observed the scene of the explosion from a distance, as the area was cordoned off and authorities were conducting further search for additional explosive devices. A large number of police were present at the scene.
In Odessa, the SMM followed up on media reports concerning the discovery of explosive material in Odessa city centre and contacted the spokesperson of the Odessa regional headquarters of the Ministry of Internal Affairs. The interlocutor said that the police received a call at 17:00hrs on 5 March about a suspicious bag located at the corner of Mala Arnautska and Katerynynska Streets. According to the interlocutor, a special unit arrived on the spot and found a bag containing four pieces of explosive material, each weighing approximately 200g. The bag also contained an electronic detonator that was not connected to the explosive material. The police found the material, removed it and sent it forensic examination.
The SMM contacted the spokesperson of the regional police in Chernivtsi to follow up on media reports concerning the seizure by the police of over 140 pieces of what appeared to be military weapons in Chernivtsi city. According to the interlocutor, on 5 March the police received information from a local resident who said they saw two individuals unloading military crates into an apartment. According to the spokesperson, the police had questioned the two individuals in question who stated that the weapons were not operational and were only mementos to be sold to collectors of replica weapons. The SMM then met with the police officer in charge of the investigation who said that the weapons, seized by the police, will be further examined.
The SMM continued to monitor the situation in Dnepropetrovsk, Kherson, Ivano-Frankivsk, Lviv, and Kyiv.
* Restrictions on SMM access and freedom of movement:
The SMM is restrained in fulfilling its monitoring functions by security considerations including the lack of information on whereabouts of landmines, and restrictions imposed by third parties.
The security situation in Donbas is fluid and unpredictable and the cease-fire does not hold everywhere. For this reason, the SMM requires security guarantees from “DPR” and “LPR” which are not always provided. Where such guarantees are limited to escorted movements, and escorts are not provided for all planned patrols or are delayed, this also represents a restriction of SMM freedom of movement.
In particular during the reporting period:
-In government-controlled Hrodivka, a Ukrainian Armed forces commander prevented the SMM from monitoring the movement of heavy weapons beyond that location.
- On the way to Svobodne (56km south-south-west of Donetsk), where the SMM planned to monitor a Ukrainian Armed Forces convoy, the SMM was stopped at a Ukrainian Armed Forces checkpoint west of Volnovakha (51km south-south-west of Donetsk). The commander of the checkpoint requested and was told the names and nationalities of all the SMM monitors. The SMM repeatedly asked for permission to pass the checkpoint, but the commander said they were still awaiting permission from the brigade commander. The SMM decided to turn back towards Donetsk.
- At a Ukrainian Armed Forces checkpoint in Volnovakha (51km south-south-west of Donetsk) the SMM was refused passage and had to change its route and had to proceed southwards to Mariupol. At a Ukrainian Armed Forces checkpoint located 2km north of Mariupol (115km south of Donetsk) the SMM was stopped again and had to wait for over 30 minutes. Not having received approval to proceed, the SMM decided to take an alternative route to return to Donetsk city.
- While on its way to a previously visited concentration of Ukrainian Armed Forces site in the northern part of the Donetsk region, the SMM was restricted in its freedom of movement at a checkpoint – located 20km to the north-west from the junction of roads to Artemivsk and Soledar -manned by Ukrainian Armed forces personnel and thereby prevented to verify the withdrawal of the previously monitored heavy weapons
- While in “LPR”-controlled Parkhomenko (29km east of Luhansk) the SMM was stopped by “border guards” for a document check. The “border guards” asked for special authorization for patrols in the border area which they explained to the SMM as 15km from the contact line.
Getty The Playbook Interview: David Plouffe Barack Obama's campaign guru on what Donald Trump needs to do to win.
David Plouffe, one of the closest advisers to Barack Obama, told Playbook it's “more likely Trump gets under 200 electoral votes than they get 270,” predicting a massive, landslide loss for the Republican nominee.
“This is going to sound crazy but I think she's like a 99 percent chance favorite to win," said Plouffe, who is now an adviser to Uber but is in frequent contact with the Clinton campaign. “I don't think that Trump wins any of the states that Romney lost … Clinton's actually going to have a field-goal unit. Trump has no field-goal unit. Clinton could do [one to three points] better in some states, just based on running a more sophisticated and smart campaign.” Excerpts:
Story Continued Below
What Trump needs to do tonight: “I think they have to find a way to kind of separate themselves from Clinton, separate themselves from some of the Republican orthodoxy that is not terribly popular, and have people you know look at them as, ‘OKI could see them as president.' And it doesn't mean they should turn into a vanilla automaton -- he's always going to be Trump, but that to me is the most important thing. And to really try and nail down what is this race about. It's not about Donald Trump; the race is about American people and their concerns, and where they want to go, and so they need to answer the mail in terms of why he's the right man at this moment.”
Clinton might outperform Obama: “Hillary could outperform Obama in some states. I think [in] Florida they can do better than we did. Potentially New Hampshire, good state for them despite what happened in the primary. I think they could do better there … But of all the battleground states -- Nevada, Colorado, Iowa (Michigan's not, if you want to throw Wisconsin in there, fine, Nevada) Virginia, North Carolina, Florida -- I don't think Trump wins any of them.”
Why Melania's speech won't matter: “I don't think there's going to be a single voter [who] casts a vote based on that, but it's a distraction and if they just announced yesterday that it was a mistake, then I think all the media would've moved on. So that's — that's the sin, is how they handled it.”
Hillary's trustworthy numbers won't go up. “I'd be surprised if they come out of Philadelphia without some significant change in their fave/unfave, I think that will strengthen, I really do. I think it'll be a really good week, the party will be unified, people will see them compared to Trump, and in very close proximity, for the first time, I think that will help them But those trust numbers are probably not gonna get improved that much. Every candidate has strengths and weaknesses, so this time 8 years ago in July of 2008, John McCain had a 35-point lead for us on national security, OK? And on experience. You're not gonna have positives on everything.”
Republicans missed 2016 opportunity: “This was a winnable race for the right Republican candidate. So I think that's probably why people here in Cleveland, some of them are so downcast. Does they know this was a race that — well, certainly should've been very competitive, but it could've been winnable … But that's what I think is tragic if you're a Republican ... you know, maybe you still would've lost, but it would've been close … you had a chance to win.”
Veepstakes: “The most over-covered story in politics, I think it's the VP selection's impact on the campaign. Because voters view it as the two people at the top of the ticket ... This is a good audition for the White House, where, you know anything that comes into the Oval Office is tough and hard and complicated and you've got advisers and experts but at the end of the day, it's fairly lonely decision-making that happens. I think that's what this is. So this needs to not be a committee decision, it needs to be a decision by the principle. And I think it's gotta be totally based on comfort level, trust, rapport, and a sense of who will help most if I win.”
Trump poses difficult debate prep. “I think preparing for Trump will be hard because you have to prepare for crazy Trump and statesmen-like Trump, and attacking Trump, and counter-punching Trump. So I do not envy their preparation … I think the only thing that would be comparable is the '92, we had, you know, [third-party candidate Ross] Perot in the race and that made preparing for debates complicated. I think this is going to be super complicated.”
How Clinton can overcome online fundraising troubles: “I think next week will help a lot. I assume that'll be their strongest fundraising period online by far. And you know, if the race is, even if it's not really competitive but is seen as Trump could win, I think that will help. It took as awhile in '12 -- you know, our online money did not kick in really until about this time, June/July … The most important money she's going to spend though, is on organization. So that's the one thing you can't short is the money in technology, data modeling, and just ground troops to turn out the vote.”
It's all about the Benjamins: “They've gotta raise at least 750 [million].”
Philipp Guelland/Getty Images
Bitcoin's weekend surge continues full steam ahead.
The cryptocurrency broke through $US4,000 for the first time earlier this morning.
It peaked at $US4,100 per coin and a short time ago was trading at $US4,055. Here's the chart:
According to a CBNC report, Bitcoin's price increase over the weekend has been driven by demand from Japan.
The weekend price action follows a solid week of gains for Bitcoin, which held its value and then climbed amid a spike in market volatility from escalating tensions between the US and North Korea.
Bitcoin started trading on the updated SegWit platform on Tuesday August 8, following months of disagreements between developers about how to increase transaction speeds on the Bitcoin network.
Those disagreements led to a split in the currency on August 1 and the creation of Bitcoin Cash. The value of Bitcoin Cash dived from a high of $US435 on Tuesday, falling to below $US300. It's been trading in a narrow range just above $US300 over the weekend.
Ether, the world's second biggest cryptocurrency which trades on the Ethereum blockchain, has been little-changed over the weekend and a short time ago was trading just below $US300.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
David Davis tells cabinet of ‘significant acceleration' to get UK ready, including creation of up to 5,000 extra jobs in HMRC
Preparations to leave the EU have already cost the government half a billion pounds and will lead the headcount in Whitehall to balloon by at least 8,000 workers by the end of next year, the government has admitted.
The Brexit secretary, David Davis, told the cabinet there had been a “significant acceleration” in work to get Britain ready for its EU departure, with 300 programmes under way across the government.
The secret Brexit files contain our future – they must be released | Abi Wilkinson Read more
All efforts involve the government preparing for a “range of negotiated outcomes and a ‘no deal' scenario for a policy area affected by the UK leaving the EU”, the prime minister's spokesperson said.
“The plans set out detailed delivery timelines including, for example, to recruit and train new staff, to design and procure IT systems and to deliver the necessary legislative and regulatory changes.”
They admitted that 3,000 new posts had already been created, including 300 additional lawyers, with HM Revenue and Customs confirming an additional 3,000-5,000 new workers by the end of next year.
“The chancellor and chief secretary to the Treasury then provided an update on the more than half a billion pounds that HMT has already committed for Brexit preparations, with over £250m additional funding in 2017/18,” the spokesperson added.
There will also be new sub-committees within cabinet to prepare for strategic questions relating to the UK's future relationship with the EU and to focus on domestic preparations.
So now even kissing under the mistletoe is rape. Unless you ask the target of your boozy Christmas peck to sign a contract in advance, I guess, clearly stating that they or they consent to having some part of their face intruded upon by your lips for 2.4 seconds at the office party.
This is according to the Police Service of Northern Ireland, which yesterday tweeted: ‘If you bump into that special someone under the mistletoe tonight, remember that without consent it is rape #SeasonsGreetings.' It's hard to know what's worse: that the PSNI doesn't know what rape is, or its use of that passive-aggressive ‘Season's Greetings' hashtag. Translation: ‘Have fun tonight, everyone, but remember we will arrest you if you partake in the age-old flirty tradition of trying it on after one too many plastic cups of cheap plonk.' The PSNI is getting it in the neck for its miserabilist, joy-destroying, authoritarian warning to the populace. It has ‘prompted fury', says the Daily Mail. Tweeters have ripped the mick out of the kissphobic cops. ‘Are people having sex under the mistletoe now?', quipped one, handily reminding the police what rape involves.
This is good. The PSNI deserves this virtual mauling. But let's not kid ourselves that its wacko tweet was a one-off or even particularly unusual. On the contrary, it is in keeping with the now mainstream moral panic about ‘rape culture' and the slow but sure criminalisation of sex, or at least of the things that make sex fun: passion, chance, taking a risk, making a move. Sex is in dire crisis. It's being crushed under the jackboot of a new misanthropy that views any spontaneous, uncontracted interaction between adults with dread. We might have to refight the battle for sexual liberation. It was fun while it lasted, sex. Kicking off in 1963 – in the view of Philip Larkin anyway – it granted men and women a zone of life that wasn't subject to the same dead, cold rules of work or public life, but rather where caution could be ignored, passions engaged, and chances taken.
Not anymore. Sex is being turned into a suspicious act requiring a battery of rules and minute policing by an army of sexless officials, relationships experts, and feminists who have somehow gone from celebrating the sexual liberation of women to fuming over men who touch a woman's knee when I guess they should be writing to said woman's equerry to inquire into the feasibility of touching their knee on an agreed date for an agreed length of time. Everywhere you look, a new prudishness is taking hold. Campaigners raged against Page 3 with far more zeal than Mary Whitehouse ever did. Lads' mags are shoved into black bags lest their bikini-clad babes offend magazine browsers. Trigger warnings are added to classic texts that mention dodgy sex. Student officials have made sexual-consent classes compulsory for freshers, where they lecture them about the importance of getting verbal, non-inebriated consent for every stage of a sexual encounter, as if fucking were the same as making a business deal. (And as if 18-year-olds aren't going to get blotto before sex. What planet do these people live on?) Then there's the #MeToo hysteria, which every day reveals its sexphobic streak, its McCarthyite instinct to purge from public life all those who are not perfectly au fait with PC speech codes, the new view of flirting as an ugly 20th-century thing we enlightened people have grown out of, and the treatment of sex as akin to a bank transaction in which every move and smooch and grope must be accompanied by at least a verbal contract of agreement. In the #MeToo moral panic, perfectly normal behaviour is being rebranded as ‘predatory'. In Britain, the journalists Jane Merrick and Kate Maltby – actual adults – made the headlines when they revealed politicians had tried to kiss them or ‘fleetingly' touched a knee. That is, someone made a pass at them. That's now rapey behaviour. Were these women raised in a nunnery? That newspaper editors said to them ‘Give us all the juicy details' instead of ‘Oh, get a life' tells you everything you need to know about the transformation of sex into a crime, or at least a scandal.
Rune Evensen/European Pressphoto Agency Rune Evensen/European Pressphoto Agency
Being downsized stinks, as the millions of Americans who've been canned in the past year know. My own employment debacle involved getting laid off, getting another gig, losing that one, then getting and losing another and another as each company I found employment with went out of business in the tanking economy, almost on cue as I arrived. It seemed like a sick joke. But I wasn't laughing.
I'm a musician and writer and haven't had a “real job” since 1988, though in lean times I did paint apartments and once sang “Blue Suede Shoes” dressed as the '68 Elvis at a Korean birthday party. Gigs weren't too hard to get when I wanted them because I play a few instruments and know the words and music to something like 3,000 songs comprised of blues, jazz, classic rock, rockabilly, standards, Broadway, television commercials, novelty music and my own stuff. Rap's O.K. with me; ditto hip-hop and salsa. The only music I never really got into was metal. That is, until my personal economy collapsed.
As a lifelong gun-for-hire, I had been used to, and O.K. with, not knowing what tomorrow would bring. I could live creatively on little dough if necessary and managed to get to India, Bali, Maui, Kazakhstan, Mexico, Central Park Summerstage and anywhere else adventure, fun or a story or gig awaited. But I had also gotten used to the steady, healthy paycheck of the daily columnist's job I'd accepted at a newspaper in 2006.
Though I was still technically a freelancer, without benefits, vacation or a contract, the assignment afforded me perks galore, massively amped my writing chops and paid me quadruple what I'd been used to making in a year. I had, I thought, arrived, six years after deciding to make a living with words and music.
I opened a Roth I.R.A., banked half my paycheck each week, bought my wife an iPod for Valentine's day, fixed my front teeth, finished the album I'd been recording since 2004 and recorded another disc in 2008 with a producer and eight musicians. If I met a homeless person whose tale of woe moved me, I might give them a ten after talking to them. That's how good things were.
But in September 2008, a supervisor at the paper sat me down and said, “The company is hemorrhaging money. We can't afford to pay you anymore.” They couldn't afford to pay another 50 people in the newsroom, either. Two weeks later, I cleared out my desk and pocketed a letter of reference from the deputy publisher. At least I hadn't been fired for incompetence, I told myself. And I'd saved more than six months' salary, as the experts said you should.
But it was still a monumental shock, the end of a very exciting period of life, and it shook me like a death. My father, also a writer, had died suddenly almost exactly two years before. Losing my job felt familiar to that life-shattering event; disbelief, panic, grief, and immediate action required. I told no one except my immediate family what had happened.
Two weeks later, I secured a writing job with another company, for less work and better money. Way to go, I thought — that's hittin' ‘em, kid.
That company folded within a month, laying off dozens. As winter rolled on, three magazines I used to write for went out of business, and each first of the month brought a gasp and gulp as I saw the numbers in my bank account plunge.
I fought back, of course. I hadn't spent five months meditating in an Indian ashram for nothing. I talked, wrote, baked, yelled, bawled, laughed, shared and kept on e-mailing, calling, networking and seeking paying work of any kind.
But I'm not a winter guy. No matter what else is going on in my life, if the sun is out and it's 70 degrees, the possibilities are endless. During the freezing days and nights of January, February and March of 2009, I began waking up before dawn, nauseated. Soon, fear, doubt, self-pity and resistance to facts boiled down into a ball of almost-constant frustration and anger.
I found a therapist, thankfully covered by my wife's insurance, and tore a rotator cuff smashing a giant cloth cube with a bat in the doctor's office. The shoulder healed but I felt no better mentally and emotionally after two months of weekly sessions, so I quit. What I wanted was paying work. Without that, there wasn't anything to talk about. I started taking it personally. My situation seemed no less than a betrayal from God or Zeus or Yahweh or whoever takes care of what can't be seen to by human efforts.
One freezing day in March, Emerson, Lake and Palmer's version of Alberto Ginastera's “Toccata” came on my iPod. I hadn't listened to this song since I was a teen. For some reason, “Toccata” compelled me as never before, especially the intense, frenetic, pounding ending.
Intense. Frenetic. Pounding.
I sent a drummer friend an e-mail: “What is, in your opinion, the absolute heaviest, banging-est, most insane, loudest, stupidest music of all time?”
“What a great question,” they replied. “My answer for you is the 1986 classic album by Slayer “Reign in Blood.” It's the greatest album ever made. If you need any more help, let me know. 666.”
I downloaded “Reign in Blood” and waited to listen until I could give the album my complete attention later that day. The first song was “Angel of Death.”
I was carried off into a boiling sonic river of brutal, obscene, blasphemous noise that blasted me like a cannon out of my depressed cave and directly into the fury I was experiencing each waking day. For the next three weeks, all other music disappeared from my world. I listened to “Piece by Piece” as I dropped off to sleep at night, and the first thing I did in the morning, en route to the john, was cue up “Angel of Death.” Any gap of spare time during the day, no matter how small, was filled with “Post Mortem,” “Epidemic,” “Jesus Saves” and especially “Raining Blood.” Every other type of music seemed silly, trivial, light and useless.I didn't bother listening very closely to the lyrics, either, despite my lifelong Ira Gershwin obsession. In fact, the less I could understand, the better. All I connected with were the screams.
After 30 days of Slayer saturation, I downloaded a blizzard of Death Metal onto a single iPod; 171 songs. Pantera. Anthrax. Venom. Cannibal Corpse. Devil Driver. If I previewed a band at iTunes and there wasn't a WARNING: EXPLICIT label there or the tempo wasn't insanely fast, I wasn't interested.
Something was happening beyond the mind, the emotions and the circumstances. Music, for the first time in my life, was penetrating my body and shaking it. The force of Death Metal moved me out of my mind and into my arms, legs, head and belly. It compelled me to pull over in the car and bang the steering wheel, to run faster and farther in the freezing cold, to lift more weights and smash the heavy bag at the gym with renewed ferocity, and massively upped the intensity in everything I said, did and felt.
It also made me feel powerful enough to fight back against the injustice the world had delivered to me, to meet and embrace that inner demon who had always been told, since I was a little boy, “Smile.” “Be nice.” “Look at the bright side.” “Be reasonable.” “Don't be angry.” Death Metal didn't smile, wasn't nice and there was no bright side to it. By going into my fear and anger via music, I didn't damage myself or anyone else, and I was able to face each day again. I kept jabbing and punching furiously back at the world, at depression and rage and that low-down, no-good, rotten son of a bitch, Unemployment. Finally, the S.O.B. fell.
Spring came, and I got a licensing deal from a music publishing company for the disc I'd completed in 2007, then another, similar deal for the other CD with another publishing company. Things started loosening up: a job here, a job there. Finally, I was able to make the monthly bills from new checks instead of once again hemorrhaging savings, and I got to go to Paris to write a travel article for a new magazine in July. On my first day there, I rose at dawn, walked to the Eiffel Tower, stood directly under it, cued up “Angel of Death” on my iPod and pictured Nazi tanks rolling through. A nightmare that didn't last, I thought. Like mine. Two weeks ago, I accepted a year's contract writing for a media organization.
Zeus hadn't dropped me, I finally figured out. He'd just handed me off to the devil for a few months.
.
AIM:
This study investigated the effect of voluntary motor effort during a low-intensity (30% maximal voluntary contraction [MVC]) muscle exercise training program on increasing muscle strength.
MATERIALS AND METHODS:
Eighteen young and healthy individuals were randomly assigned to one of three groups: high mental effort (HME), low mental effort (LME), or a no-training control (CTRL) group. Training lasted for 6weeks (15min/day, 5days/week). The participants' right-elbow flexor muscle strength was measured before and after the training program.
KEY FINDINGS:
After training, the HME group gained 20.47±8.33% (P=0.01) strength while the LME and CTRL groups had negligible strength changes (1.89±0.96% and -3.27±2.61%, respectively; P>0.05) despite muscle contraction intensity (30% MVC) sustained during training was the same for the HME and LME groups. These results suggest that the level of effort involved in resistance exercise training plays a critical role in determining the amount of strength augmentation.
SIGNIFICANCE:
The finding that high effort combined with low-level physical exercise training can significantly increase muscle strength has rehabilitation applications as many patients and frail older adults have difficulties in participating in high-intensity exercise training such as lifting heavy weights. High effort plus low-level muscle exercise might serve as a safe training regimen for effective muscle strengthening in vulnerable populations.
Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The IPUMS National Historical Geographic Information System (NHGIS) provides free online access to summary statistics and GIS files for U.S. censuses and other nationwide surveys from 1790 through the present.
Through the NHGIS Data Finder, users may:
Filter and sort through thousands of available tables and GIS files
Select and download multiple tables and boundary files, for different geographic levels and from different years, all in one request
NHGIS does not provide tools for data analysis, mapping, or reporting. Rather, NHGIS supplies data files designed for use in spreadsheet applications (e.g., Microsoft Excel), statistical software (e.g., R, Stata, SPSS, SAS), or GIS applications (e.g., Esri ArcGIS, QGIS).
Most NHGIS data files cover all areas in the United States. Data files for census blocks and block groups are available for individual states.
NHGIS is one of several IPUMS data integration projects housed with the Minnesota Population Center at the Institute for Social Research & Data Innovation at the University of Minnesota. The NHGIS project is funded by grants from the National Science Foundation and the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development.
NHGIS highlights...
GIS files
Counties and state boundaries since 1790
Census tract boundaries since 1910
Metropolitan area boundaries since 1950
Place and county subdivision boundaries since 1980
Boundaries for all standard census reporting areas, down to blocks, since 1990
Place points, 1900-2015
Centers of population for states, counties, tracts, and block groups, 2000 & 2010
SABINS school attendance areas (2009-10, 2010-11, & 2011-12 school years)
Summary tables
Statistics from all decennial censuses and the American Community Survey County and state tables since 1790 Census tract tables since 1910 Tables for all original census summary levels, down to census blocks, since 1970
County Business Patterns data (annual, 1970-2002)
Vital statistics for counties and states (annual, 1915-2007)
Agricultural census data (1840-1950)
Religious bodies data (1850-1952)
Manufacturing census data (1840-1940)
2010 Census data for SABINS school attendance areas
Time series tables
Russian President Vladimir Putin has an army of professional trolls flooding the internet with pro-Russian propaganda
Vladimir Putin has an army of professional trolls running thousand of fake Twitter and Facebook accounts to flood social media with pro-Russia propaganda.
Hundreds of workers are paid £500 a month to work exhausting 12-hour shifts bombarding the internet with comments placing Putin in a more favourable light.
The trolls work under strict condition which see them banned from talking and even forging friendships with one another.
One former worker at the Internet Research Centre - dubbed the Troll Factory - has lifted the lid on how employees must write more than 130 online posts a shift or face the sack.
Marat Burkhard explained how the operation, based in modern building in St Petersburg, is opened 24 hours a day and employees often work in teams of three.
'One of us would be the 'villain,' the person who disagrees with the forum and criticizes the authorities, in order to bring a feeling of authenticity to what we're doing, they told Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty.
'The other two enter into a debate with them -- "No, you're not right; everything here is totally correct."
'We create the illusion of actual activity on these forums.'
Mr Burkhard revealed how they and their fellow trolls got to work after a story broke about US President Barack Obama spitting their chewing gum out in India.
''You need to write 135 comments about this, and don't be shy about how you express yourself,' Mr Burkhard, reportedly said they were told.
''Write whatever you want, just stick the word Obama in there a lot and then cover it over with profanities."
On another occasion they were told to repeatedly post on websites that the majority of German's supported Putin and their policies and were unhappy with Merkel.
Inside the factory the trolls are not just targeting Russian sites but those around the world, including the UK.
The trolls are often given five key words which they must make sure each of their posts are littered with. They claimed workers faced sanctions from manager if they were missing from their comments.
The comments must make Putin appear in a more favourable light compared with their western counterparts
Mr Burkhard, who now works as a blogger, quit after two months slaving away at their keyboard.
'I decided I can't engage in absurd work,' they said, according to Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty.
'To keep going didn't make any sense - it's all absurd.
They compared their time at the Troll factory to the Ministry of Truth in George Orwell's 1984.
'You work in the Ministry of Truth, which is the Ministry of Lies, and everyone kind of believes in this truth.'
We took VG247 readers Colin Gallacher and Chris Hockey to DICE in Sweden to play some Battlefield 3 co-op, and wanted to know what they thought. First up, it's Colin.
Battlefield 3 Massively anticipated follow-up to DICE's 2005 shooter, Battlefield 2. Set in the Mid East, and based on the Frostbite 2 engine. Releasing on October 25 in the US and October 28 in the UK for PS3, 360 and PC.
This feature was produced after a trip to DICE to see Battlefield 3 with VG247 competition winners Colin Gallacher and Chris Hockey.
Pat's asked me to say a few words on the recent trip to DICE in Sweden. And I haven't really written anything in a good few years!
Our group was made up of a good number of people from the UK gaming news crowd. Along with VG247, Eurogamer, Rock Paper Shotgun and their competition winners made up our merry bunch of gamers. We were ushered into the sleek building where DICE has two floors by two EA press reps and instantly greeted by John, a member of DICE who had moved over from the UK.
They gave us a quick tour of their offices; first the reception, which has some massive Battlefield 3 art sprawling one of the walls. The art changes depending on what game DICE is developing at the time, John informed us. I wonder if a certain athletic female might be appearing on that wall next year.
Situated directly opposite the reception is an EA shop, selling EA, EA Sports and EA Partners games. So after a long day at the EA DICE office, the EA employees can pick up an EA game on their way out. I even saw Bad Company 2 in there.
We were lead down a short corridor past DICE's many awards, such as a BAFTA and more recently the gamescom Best In Show for Battlefield 3, through a couple of classy glass train ticket gates into the heart of DICE. The walls are littered with modern artwork and DICE-related games items. One wall is completely dedicated to the large number of magazine covers featuring DICE games. I spotted a PC Zone cover of BF2142, which I still have in a box somewhere. I've always been a bit of a collector of games.
All your base
Base was set up in the trendy conference room BF: Vietnam. DICE has named all of its conference rooms after previous games.
We were lucky to get our hands on an updated Battlefield 3 co-op build of the Playstation 3 version shown at gamescom.
This was the second time I had played Battlefield 3 and the first on a console; I had been invited into the PC alpha during August, which was excellent but it had a few bugs here and there. One prominent bug involved crashing when I was racing up the leaderboard!
Chockster and I were first to give the game a shot and then Chris sprung something on me: “I've never played on a Playstation 3 before.”
The demo started with an American convoy of Humvee's rolling up to a apartment block in a Middle Eastern city; two soldiers jump out and are given the order of rescuing and securing an enemy who has decided to defect.
Firstly, anyone feeling a little disappointed that the console version doesn't match up to the graphical powerhouse of the PC version need not worry. The lighting alone on the PS3 is spectacular; it really feels authentic, murky, drab and thoroughly engaging.
Anyone feeling a little disappointed that the console version doesn't match up to the graphical powerhouse of the PC version need not worry. The lighting alone on the PS3 is spectacular; it really feels authentic, murky, drab and thoroughly engaging.
We entered a dimly lit building on the right; quick check for any enemies and moved on to our first obstacle, two enemy soldiers unaware of our presence, idly chatting. On DICE's advice we each chose a target and prepared ourselves. We stayed silent. After three, there were a muffled couple of pops from our suppressed guns. The two bodies fell; the alarms stayed silent.
While walking through a room littered with storage cages, two enemies sprang out and startled us. Suddenly the alarm rung through the rest of the building, alerting everyone to our presence. We ran forward to a concrete staircase scattered with abandoned items; the hurried footsteps of enemy soldiers rattled towards us. I was armed with a M249 machine gun with a night vision red dot scope while Chris had an M4 with the same scope; I let Chris take the lead up the stairs at this point. They encountered an enemy on one of the staircase's landings, but it was no match for their meaty M4. We approached the room that had our VIP, quickly dispatched the foes inside and secured our target.
Reunited
We reunited ourselves with the convoy and made our way on foot through the city, supplying fire support to protect the vehicles now containing our VIP.
At this point you realize that Battlefield 3 isn't just another run-and-gun game; it requires thought and cover. Chris and I were quite unprepared for this. The gunfire came from all angles and we soon realized that the cover was very destructible; unfortunately Chris had become pinned down and was in need of revival. When your partner has been downed they can shuffle along the ground in the attempt to get to a safer spot. In a daring attempt to help my fallen teammate, I too was gunned down after my head was poking out while reviving Chris. Modern Warfare this is not.
After a quick break it was on to our interview with Patrick Bach, executive producer of Battlefield 3. During the interview I managed to get a few of my questions answered; firstly I asked about the PC squad sizes during a 64-player multiplayer game.
“You could argue that you'd want your squad size to be any, but the problem with that is that you lose the ability to give you a great user interface,” said Bach.
“We also try to frame everything to what we believe, based on feedback and research, to be the squad size. We had bigger squads before but we took it down to four, as we wanted everyone to know each other in their squad. I know people have been complaining about it, which is sad, as I haven't yet heard a really good reason to back up those complaints. It's different from Battlefield 2; therefore its cap seems to be the most common reason. We are trying to look into what is best to help the player and not just doing it to be evil.”
The second question I managed to ask was something I was very interested in: whether any feedback collected from the alpha had already resulted in changes in the game.
“There were some things that we decided to change, based on the alpha,” said Bach.
The full, 12-minute Battlefield 3 Faultline
video from earlier this year. The footage
gave the first look at the shooter's
single-player elements.
“Quite a lot, actually; from gun balancing to objective placement on the Operation Metro. We are still moving things around on that map to utilize feedback from the alpha. That's why we had an alpha. It wasn't to market the game, it's to test the game in a proper way. So yeah, there have been hundreds of things we have changed since the alpha. And we will be doing the same with the beta.”
I then asked Bach what they considered to the the next big thing in gaming.
“Battlefield 3!”
The room erupted with laughter.
“Well it's not 3D for sure,” they added. “I think that's really, really hard to answer, I'm hoping games in general will grow up a little bit. Games are starting to grow up with the gamers; there will always be games for children but as long as I'm in the business I will try to make a game that I personally will like to play. When we have a full generation of gamers, the ones that started in the 70's and 80's then we'll have the first full cycle of games, in my book.”
After the round-table with Patrick they lead us through to Battlefield 1942, another of the conference rooms, where a section of a level had been set up for us to preview the game on Playstation 3.
Operation Guillotine
We see Operation Guillotine, an extended play version of the video released late last week. Set in Tehran about halfway through the single-player campaign. The mission is set at night, which is something different for the Battlefield series, Patrick told us. It starts with a group of soldiers viewing the city from a high vantage point. They had been issued orders to secure an apartment block situated on the other side of a thin canal. Suddenly it was all go, the soldiers sprinting down an embankment as gunfire and explosions bombarding them from all angles, while a friendly soldier just in front met an unfortunate end as a mortar shell hit near their feet, propelling them back and killing them instantly. Patrick, who was controlling the player, narrowly avoided the same fate and altered their path just before the explosion hit.
It's clear that DICE has spent an incredible amount of time and focus on the sound of Battlefield 3. As with previous DICE games, the sound is impeccable; explosions have a deafening boom and the gunfire sounds scarily powerful. It just really heightens the entire atmosphere beyond the average gaming experience.
The soldiers reached a wall where they boosted each other up and over, sticking closely to nearby cliff faces for any sort of cover. As they battled their way towards the canal, the apartment block came into sight. One of the squad threw a grenade through a window and the explosion sent glass, debris and people flying. Upon entering the building an unfortunate sod that happened to be on fire staggered out and fell at Patrick's feet.
The demo ended as we head down a short, dark, grimy corridor to a door. Just as we shouted back to our fellow soldiers, the door was kicked in, knocking the player to the ground in a Matrix-style slow motion sequence where the player grabs a hold of their shotgun and satisfyingly pumps the terrorist standing over you full of shells.
Being the only Scottish member of the group I managed to ask one patriotic question in: will any of Battlefield 3 be set in Scotland?
Patrick laughs. “No! There are no missions in Scotland and there are definitely no dinosaurs.”
Battlefield 3 launches on October 25 in the US and October 28 in the UK for PS3, 360 and PC.
ONCE upon a time, Aristotle taught Alexander that they should restrain themselves from frequently approaching their wife, who was very beautiful, lest they should impede their spirit from seeking the general good. Alexander acquiesed to him. The queen, when they perceived this and was upset, began to draw Aristotle to love them Many times they crossed paths with them alone, with bare feet and disheveled hair, so that they might entice him.At last, being enticed, they began to solicit them carnally. They say,"This I will certainly not do, unless I see a sign of love, lest you be testing me. Therefore, come to my chamber crawling on hand and foot, in order to carry me like a horse. Then I'll know that you aren't deluding me."When they had consented to that condition, they secretly told the matter to Alexander, who lying in wait apprehended them carrying the queen. When Alexander wished to kill Aristotle, in order to excuse himself, Aristotle says,If thus it happened to me, an old man most wise, that I was deceived by a woman, you can see that I taught you well, that it could happen to you, a young man."Hearing that, the king spared him, and made progress in Aristotle's teachings. ~ Anonymous, Phyllis and Aristotle
[This unedited press release is made available courtesy of Gamasutra and its partnership with notable game PR-related resource GamesPress.]
Los Angeles, CA – February 10, 2015 – Today, ESL, the world's largest esports company, is pleased to officially announce ESL Matchmaking, its white label development toolkit that will be featured in the upcoming anti-gravity racing game, Formula Fusion by R8 Games, dubbed by many as the spiritual successor to the blockbuster WipEout. UK-based indie developer R8 Games – comprised of team members with pedigrees that include many highly successful racing titles, including WipEout, the Colin McRae series, Midnight Club, Carmageddon and Auto Club Revolution – is set to release Formula Fusion on Windows PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in early 2016. Formula Fusion is the first video game announced to leverage ESL Matchmaking for its competitive-grade esports matchmaking multiplayer. “Indie development has grown in leaps and bounds, continuing to be an area of amazing video game innovation in terms of content, game play and overall creativity. ESL recognizes the potential of indie games and we believe the ESL Matchmaking toolkit will help level the playing field for indies,” said Arne Peters, Vice President of ESL Technology. “While many indie titles are ideally suited for competitive play from a design perspective, sadly that aspect isn't always an initial priority. Our ESL Matchmaking toolkit makes it quite easy for indie developers to deliver world-class support for competitive gaming without distracting them from their core competency of making amazingly creative games.” “Teaming up with esports professionals from the world of ESL is a big deal for us. It clearly communicates our ambitions to be the next big thing in anti-gravity racing,” said Andrew Walker, CEO of R8 Games. “ESL Matchmaking will not only fuel the best possible online multiplayer experiences for our fans, but it will also help us focus our resources on game design, development and balancing. We are truly excited about this opportunity and the potential that offering industry-leading esports support brings.” The ESL Matchmaking toolkit is platform-independent and connects via a web application program interface (API). This allows developers integrating the ESL Matchmaking tool into their games to benefit from advanced skill-based matchmaking features across all game versions and platforms. Developed by ESL and proven over numerous years in ESL's online tournaments, ESL Matchmaking is now available to every developer of multiplayer video games, regardless of platform or genre. The ESL Technology team will showcase the capabilities of the ESL Matchmaking tool at the upcoming Game Developers Conference (GDC) from March 2nd through 6th, 2015 in San Francisco, CA. For more information regarding ESL Matchmaking and ESL Technology, please contact [email protected]. ### About ESL Technology, a subsidiary of ESL, the world leaders in esports, provides tools and services for both game developers and publishers. Years of experience organizing, hosting and running professional single and multiplayer game competitions and events establishes ESL Technology as the most qualified white label provider of esports technology services on the market. About R8 Games R8 Games Ltd is an independent developer, based in Middlesbrough, UK. With an in-depth knowledge of anti-gravity and traditional racing games at its heart, the company was formed to push forward the boundaries of adrenaline-fueled gameplay using next-gen gaming technology. Learn more at http://www.r8games.com or by contacting [email protected].
Alice Braga has joined Fox and Marvel's X-Men spinoff, “New Mutants,” replacing Rosario Dawson in the role of Dr. Cecilia Reyes.
Dawson was in talks last month for the role. Dr. Cecilia Reyes serves as a mentor for the superheroes and their character has the ability to generate an invisible bio-field around herself.
“New Mutants,” created by Chris Claremont and Bob McLeod, was the first X-Men comic spinoff, launched in the early 1980s. The “New Mutants” movie is in pre-production and has been set for an April 13, 2018, opening. “The Fault in Our Stars” director Josh Boone is helming “New Mutants” from a script they co-wrote with Knate Lee about teenage superheroes-mutants.
Simon Kinberg and Karen Rosenfelt are producing. Fox announced in April that it was dating three Marvel movies for 2018 — “New Mutants” for April 13, “Deadpool 2” for June 1, and “Dark Phoenix” for Nov. 2.
Braga, a Brazilian actor who stars in USA's “Queen of the South,” joins Anya Taylor-Joy, Maisie Williams, Charlie Heaton, Blue Hunt and Henry Zaga in the movie. Taylor-Joy will play Illyana Rasputin, aka Magik; Williams will portray Rahne Sinclair, aka Wolfsbane; Heaton is playing portraying Sam Guthrie, aka Cannonball; Hunt is portraying Danielle Moonstar; and Zaga is playing Sunspot.
Braga's feature credits include “I Am Legend,” “Predators” and “Elysium.”
ILLUSTRATION BY PETE ELLIS/DRAWGOOD.COM
Robert F. Kennedy once said that a country's gross domestic product (GDP) measures “everything except that which makes life worthwhile”. The metric was developed in the 1930s and 1940s amid the upheaval of the Great Depression and global war. Even before the United Nations began requiring countries to collect data to report national GDP, Simon Kuznets, the metric's chief architect, had warned against equating its growth with well-being.
GDP measures mainly market transactions. It ignores social costs, environmental impacts and income inequality. If a business used GDP-style accounting, it would aim to maximize gross revenue — even at the expense of profitability, efficiency, sustainability or flexibility. That is hardly smart or sustainable (think Enron). Yet since the end of the Second World War, promoting GDP growth has remained the primary national policy goal in almost every country1.
Meanwhile, researchers have become much better at measuring what actually does make life worthwhile. The environmental and social effects of GDP growth can be estimated, as can the effects of income inequality2. The psychology of human well-being can now be surveyed comprehensively and quantitatively3, 4. A plethora of experiments has produced alternative measures of progress (see Supplementary Information).
The chance to dethrone GDP is now in sight. By 2015, the UN is scheduled to announce the Sustainable Development Goals, a set of international objectives to improve global well-being. Developing integrated measures of progress attached to these goals offers the global community the opportunity to define what sustainable well-being means, how to measure it and how to achieve it. Missing this opportunity would condone growing inequality and the continued destruction of the natural capital on which all life on the planet depends.
Dethroning GDP
When GDP was instituted seven decades ago, it was a relevant signpost of progress: increased economic activity was credited with providing employment, income and amenities to reduce social conflict and prevent another world war.
But the world today is very different from the one faced by the global leaders who met to plan the post-war economy in 1944 in Bretton Woods, New Hampshire. The emphasis on GDP in developed countries now fuels social and environmental instability. It also blinds developing countries to possibilities for more-sustainable models of development.
ABE FOX/AP
Soaring economic activity has depleted natural resources. Much of the generated wealth has been unequally distributed, leading to a host of social problems5. The philosopher John Stuart Mill noted more than 200 years ago that, once decent living standards were assured, human efforts should be directed to the pursuit of social and moral progress and the increase of leisure, not the competitive struggle for material wealth. Or as the economist John Kenneth Galbraith once observed: “To furnish a barren room is one thing. To continue to crowd in furniture until the foundation buckles is quite another.”
The limits of GDP are now clear. Increased crime rates do not raise living standards, but they can lift GDP by raising expenditures on security systems. Despite the destruction wrought by the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in 2010 and Hurricane Sandy in 2012, both events boosted US GDP because they stimulated rebuilding.
Weighing the alternatives
Alternative measures of progress can be divided into three broad groups (see Supplementary Information). Those in the first group adjust economic measures to reflect social and environmental factors. The second group consists of subjective measures of well-being drawn from surveys. The third group relies on weighted composite indicators of well-being including housing, life expectancy, leisure time and democratic engagement.
Adjusted economic measures. These are expressed in monetary units, making them more readily comparable to GDP. Such indices consider annual income, net savings and wealth. Environmental costs and benefits (such as destroying wetlands or replenishing water resources) can also be factored in. One example is the genuine progress indicator (GPI). This metric is calculated by starting with personal consumption expenditures, a measure of all spending by individuals and a major component of GDP, and making more than 20 additions and subtractions to account for factors such as the value of volunteer work and the costs of divorce, crime and pollution6.
Crucially, unlike other measures in the first group, GPI considers income distribution. A dollar's worth of increased income to a poor person boosts welfare more than a dollar's worth of increased income does for a rich person. And a big gap between the richest and the poorest in a country — as in the United States and, increasingly, in China and India — correlates with social problems, including higher rates of drug abuse, incarceration and mistrust, and poorer physical and mental health5.
SOURCE: REF. 2
These adjustments matter. A 2013 study2 comparing the GDP per capita and the GPI per capita of 17 countries comprising just over half the global population found startling divergences between the two metrics. The measures were highly correlated from 1950 until about 1978, when they moved apart as environmental and social costs began to outweigh the benefits of increased GDP (see 'Genuine progress flattens'). Tellingly, life satisfaction is highly correlated with GPI per capita, but not with GDP per capita.
Some governments are taking this seriously. Two US states, Vermont and Maryland, have in the past three years adopted GPI as a measure of progress and have implemented policies specifically aimed at improving it.
Subjective measures of well-being. The most comprehensive of these is the World Values Survey (WVS), which covers about 70 countries and includes questions about how satisfied people are with their lives. Starting in 1981, the WVS is conducted in 'waves', the sixth of which is currently in progress. Another example is the gross national happiness index used in Bhutan. This measure uses elaborate surveys that ask how content people feel in nine domains: psychological well-being, standard of living, governance, health, education, community vitality, cultural diversity, time use and ecological diversity.
Subjective well-being has been highly studied, and has even been recommended as the most appropriate measure of societal progress7. But subjective indicators are tricky to compare across societies and cultures. For example, self-reported health tracks with clinically reported rates of morbidity and mortality within countries but not across them8. And people are not always aware of the things that contribute to their well-being. Few of us give credit to ecosystem services for water supply and storm protection, for example.
IZZET KERIBAR/IML IMAGE GROUP/EYEVINE
Weighted composite measures of several indicators. A comprehensive picture of sustainable societal well-being should integrate subjective and objective indicators9(see Supplementary Information, Figure S1), as these measures begin to do. One example is the Happy Planet Index, introduced by the New Economics Foundation in 2006. This multiplies life satisfaction by life expectancy and divides the product by a measure of ecological impact.
Other indices in the third group combine a range of variables, such as income, housing, jobs, health, civic engagement, safety and life satisfaction. The Better Life Index, developed by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, maintains a website that allows users to choose how to weight variables, revealing how the emphasis on different variables can influence countries' rankings.
Many other experiments are under way (see www.wikiprogress.org). None of these measures is perfect, but collectively they offer the building blocks for something much better than GDP.
Why are we stuck?
There is broad agreement that global society should strive for a high quality of life that is equitably shared and sustainable. Several groups and reports have concluded that GDP is dangerously inadequate as a measure of quality of life — including those published by the French government's 2008 Commission on the Measurement of Economic Performance and Social Progress10, the Frederick S. Pardee Center for the Study of the Longer-Range Future11 and the European Commission's ongoing Beyond GDP initiative. That conclusion was also echoed in 'The Future We Want', the declaration of the 2012 Rio+20 UN Conference on Sustainable Development agreed to by all UN member states.
Nonetheless, GDP remains entrenched1. Vested interests are partly responsible. Former US President Bill Clinton's small move towards a 'green GDP', which factored in some of the environmental consequences of growth, was killed by the coal industry. However, much of the problem is that no alternative measure stands out as a clear successor.
Creating that successor will require a sustained, transdisciplinary effort to integrate metrics and build consensus. One potential vehicle for doing this is the setting up of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), a process that is now under way to replace the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). Established in 2000, the MDGs comprise eight basic targets that include eradicating extreme poverty and establishing universal primary education, gender equality and environmental sustainability. Currently both the MDGs and the suggested SDGs are only lists of goals with isolated indicators. But the SDG process can and should be expanded to include comprehensive and integrated measures of sustainable well-being12.
“GDP is dangerously inadequate as a measure of quality of life.”
If undertaken with sufficiently broad participation, the hunt for the successor to GDP might be completed by 2015. There are significant barriers to doing this, including bureaucratic inertia and the tendency of governments, academia and other groups to work in isolation. These barriers can be overcome with dedicated leadership. Crucially, people can now communicate across the globe with an ease unthinkable in the days of Bretton Woods.
Any 'top-down' process must be supplemented with a 'bottom-up' engagement of civil society that includes city and regional governments, non-governmental organizations, business and other parties. We recently formed the Alliance for Sustainability and Prosperity (www.asap4all.com) to do just that. This web-based 'network of networks' can communicate research about sustainable quality of life and the elements that contribute to it (see Supplementary Information), and so help to build consensus among the thousands of groups now concerned with these issues.
The successor to GDP should be a new set of metrics that integrates current knowledge of how ecology, economics, psychology and sociology collectively contribute to establishing and measuring sustainable well-being. The new metrics must garner broad support from stakeholders in the coming conclaves.
It is often said that what you measure is what you get. Building the future we desire requires that we measure what we want, remembering that it is better to be approximately right than precisely wrong.
When my son, Jacob, was 5 years old, I dropped them off at a Seattle day care center, not knowing it was closed for Good Friday. They knocked and knocked on the front door. Nobody answered.
This disaster predated the cellphone. Jacob — blond, blue-eyed, impish — had nothing but my business card. They had asked for it several days before. They were proud that I had one, like the other moms. They had zipped it into the pocket of their red jacket, the one they wore when I dropped them off that day. I was a magazine editor on deadline, young, stressed.
Jacob eventually stopped knocking. They sat on the concrete steps. They did not know what to do next.
My child on the milk bottle, my child on the evening news. Those images haunt me. Yet this story has a surprising twist. Recently, I asked Jacob what that first moment was like. Was they terrified? Twenty-six years have sped by. He's a lawyer in Seattle.
They laughed and said: “Mom, stop beating yourself up. I have vivid memories of that day. It was an adventure.”
In my shame I had forgotten that children long for new things. They love to explore. In fact, we were experimenting that day. Jacob's day care provider lived in a rhododendron-draped house in fancy Laurelhurst, at the bottom of a green hill near Lake Washington.
Jacob wanted to run into the house by themselves that morning. They wanted to know what that felt like. They had been complaining of being babied. So I watched them go to the door, pull back the screen and knock. I could swear the front door opened. They looked back and waved me off. “Go, go.”
An hour later, a man called my office. “You have a very intelligent little boy,” they said in a cheery voice.
“Yes, I know.” I waited for them to explain himself. They identified themselves as a store manager. They said Jacob was with them at the market on Sandpoint Way, a four-lane arterial several blocks uphill from the day care.
“That can't be my son,” I said.
“Well, he's got your business card.”
At first I thought Jacob had run away from day care. When they were 3, they had figured out how to burrow under our backyard fence. I caught up with them at the neighbor's house across the street, minutes later.
Once I grasped this latest horror, I shoved manuscripts into a bag and told the manager I'd come right away. “He must be so frightened,” I said.
“Nope, they haven't shown a bit of worry. They marched right in here this morning. They asked, ‘Where is the phone? I need to call my mother.' He's very self-confident.”
Jacob sat on my lap the rest of the day. We watched TV. They held the channel changer and ate Popsicles.  They are my only child. We learned, and are still learning, how to do this job together.
“I wasn't scared,” they now insist. “I wondered, could this really be true? Nobody's here? At first I thought I should wait. But I was afraid of being bored. I didn't see how I could wait around all day.”
“Why did you go to the store?”
“I knew you had to find a public place to phone.”
“What's the main thing you remember?”
“I ate so much fried chicken,” they said. “They said I could eat anything I wanted. And I did.”
“You weren't scared a single second?”
“You have to remember I had wanderlust,” they said. “I always did. I had already been thinking about riding a bike up and down those hills, down to the lake, everywhere. I couldn't wait to do that.”
They can still recite my office number. They knew they could call me anytime.
“You have to let kids do things,” an Italian aunt used to tell me, when Jacob broke their arm snowboarding or nagged me for skydiving lessons. “If they live, they'll be strong.”
They meant we can teach courage as well as carefulness. When we stress safety above all else, we forget our trapped childhoods, how we longed to climb boulders, ride ocean waves or float like Huck Finn on a river raft.
We forget how young we were, when we first hungered for freedom.
CHICAGO -- Once the 2015 NFL Draft kicked off, it took all of 24 hours for the Tennessee Titans to solve their identity crisis.
The NFL's most anonymous organization, lacking any semblance of recognizable stars since discarding former 2,000-yard rusher Chris Johnson, has finally generated excitement for the Nashville faithful.
The Titans took a second-round gamble on intriguing red-zone monster Dorial Green-Beckham after landing a potential franchise savior in quarterback Marcus Mariota.
Reinvigorated coach Ken Whisenhunt now boasts a 25-or-under offensive nucleus of Mariota, wide-receiver trio Green-Beckham, Kendall Wright and Justin Hunter, running back Bishop Sankey, guard Chance Warmack, left tackle Taylor Lewan and third-round right tackle Jeremiah Poutasi.
Even if it takes another draft or two to challenge the Colts for the AFC South crown, the Titans will at least be more fun to watch in 2015 -- starting with Mariota versus Jameis Winston in a Week 1 rookie quarterback showdown.
Let's take a look at the rest of the winners and losers from Friday night's second and third rounds:
Winners
Cam Newton, Carolina Panthers quarterback: Dave Gettleman has proven to be one of the league's best drafters since taking over the Panthers' war room. They have an uncanny knack for spotting talent that will fit their team's needs. Understanding that Newton is wild high and needs targets with expanded strike zones, they have picked up humongous wide receivers Kelvin Benjamin and Devin Funchess in the past two drafts. It's not a matter of if when Newton's contract will be extended. The team is being built around their unique skills.
Jameis Winston, Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback: Winston has the potential to develop into the face of the franchise. The one concern is that the Buccaneers had the NFL's worst offensive line in 2014 -- and failed to upgrade in free agency. Winston has to be thrilled to see the Bucs add tackle Donovan Smith and guard Ali Marpet in the second round.
Geno Smith, New York Jets quarterback: When Smith first joined the Jets, they were welcomed by the league's most inept wide receiver corps. After adding Eric Decker, Brandon Marshall and Jace Amaro over the past two years, the Jets drafted speedy playmaker Devin Smith with the 37th overall pick on Friday. Geno Smith's surrounding talent has improved enough to become Gregg Rosenthal's pick for Comeback Player of the Year.
New York Giants: Despite their protestations to the contrary, the Giants desperately needed a safety after losing Antrel Rolle, Stevie Brown and Quintin Demps in free agency. Landon Collins was widely viewed as the best safety available in a shallow crop. Although the Giants were compelled to trade up for Collins, they did so at a fair price.
Losers
Denard Robinson, Jaguars running backs: General manager David Caldwell views second-round pick T.J. Yeldon as a three-down back, pushing Robinson into a change-of-pace role better suited to their skill set. Robinson proved to be a boom-or-bust runner rather than a consistent chain mover last season.
Josh McCown, Cleveland Browns quarterback: The Browns showed too much faith in underwhelming veterans Dwayne Bowe and Brian Hartline, failing to pull the trigger on an early-round wideout for the second consecutive draft. The team hasn't drafted a wide receiver since selecting undersized Travis Benjamin in the fourth round of the 2012 draft.
Baltimore Ravens' all-name team tight ends: Ozzie Newsome traded up to select Maxx Williams, the consensus top tight end in the draft. Regardless of Dennis Pitta's health, that will likely push Crockett Gillmore and Phillip Supernaw -- two of the best names in football -- down the depth chart.
NFC West run defenses: After grabbing the draft's best bruising runner in Todd Gurley, they picked up a road-grading right tackle Rob Havenstein in the second round and athletic guard Jamon Brown in the third. It doesn't hurt that last year's first round pick, left tackle Greg Robinson, flat-out blows defenders off the ball in the running game. The Rams are set up to challenge Marshawn Lynch and the Seahawks as the division's dominant ground attack.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast recaps the first round of the NFL Draft. Find more Around The NFL content on NFL NOW.
Not My Job: Chef Edward Lee Gets Quizzed On Dog Racing
Louisville is the capital of horse racing, so we've invited Lee to play a game called "It's just like horse racing, if you pretend they're tiny horses." Three questions about dog racing.
We recorded the show in Louisville, Ky., this week — where Edward Lee is the chef and owner of the restaurant 610 Magnolia. (He says they moved to Louisville from Brooklyn in search of bourbon.) Lee has appeared on Iron Chef America, Top Chef and Mind of a Chef, and they are the author of Smoke & Pickles: Recipes and Stories from a New Southern Kitchen.
PETER SAGAL, HOST:
And now the game where we ask people who have done a lot that's important to do a little that's not. It's called Not My Job. So Chef Edward Lee came from Brooklyn to Louisville, they say, in search of bourbon. We're lucky they did not know that there are liquors stores in New York because...
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: ...He's become one of the most famous chefs in the American South. He's been on "Iron Chef" and "Top Chef." They were the star of season three of "Mind Of A Chef." Edward Lee, welcome to WAIT ...WAIT DON'T TELL ME.
EDWARD LEE: Thank you.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: So is that true you were just following the scent of bourbon?
LEE: Well, like most young romantics, I had the Kentucky Derby on my bucket list, and I was going through a rough time in New York and my girlfriend left me and I thought, well, what better time than now to go check out Kentucky and the Derby. And I got here and, you know, there was bourbon and pretty girls in dresses and people in hats.
(APPLAUSE)
LEE: The flowers were, you know, out in the sunshine. Well, no one told me that the other 51 weeks out of the year it's not like that.
SAGAL: Yeah, I know.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Now, you have become famous for doing traditional Southern food with a Korean twist. How is that possible?
LEE: Koreans and Southerners have a lot in common. I mean, they both have - they're both really loud.
(LAUGHTER)
LEE: They have hostile neighbors to the north.
(LAUGHTER)
LEE: They tell like it is, you know, they're very frank.
SAGAL: A lot of them are named Lee.
LEE: Yes.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: And when you - I mean, for example - so we were at your restaurant, MilkWood, here in Louisville, and it is amazing and...
AMY DICKINSON: You know what? Can I just say, Adam sort of indicated before the meal that they would let me taste the chicken.
ADAM FELBER: Yeah.
DICKINSON: There was some - I felt like there was an agreement sort of made.
FELBER: Sort of attached agreement.
DICKINSON: So I didn't order the chicken, and I loved my meal as well, but I kept glancing over at Adam and you know it was like...
FELBER: Can we do this later, Amy?
(LAUGHTER)
DICKINSON: It was like...
FELBER: I'll say two things. Number one - I had a cold. I didn't want to get Amy sick. Number two - there are limits to friendship.
SAGAL: That's true. You had this one dish I loved. It was technically a side dish, but it was my favorite. It was collard greens, right, with kimchi, which of course is the famous...
DICKINSON: It was so good.
SAGAL: Now, here's the thing.
LEE: This is what I deal with all the time.
SAGAL: I know.
(LAUGHTER)
DICKINSON: It was so good.
SAGAL: You said here, hey, I'm a Korean guy from Brooklyn, and I'm here to take one of your staple foods, call it braised collard greens with a little ham and I'm going to put in kimchi, a Korean pickle, and they did not want to hang you, apparently.
LEE: No. Well, no. That's not true, some do.
TOM BODETT: I just heard a few.
LEE: We have a small restaurant.
SAGAL: That's true.
LEE: And we have a security guard at the door. The name is a real funny thing to me because when I first started doing events around the South I would travel and set up shop. And, you know, you would do these tasting tables and they would always have a little placard, right, with your name on it. And it would say, Edward Lee, Louisville, Ky. You know, so you know, Lee is - can be also a Southern name. People would come and they would look at me and they would look at the plaque then they would look at me and they would look at the plaque and it would go on. You know, and there was a whole bunch of like, yeah, that's really me.
SAGAL: So what part of Louisville are you from, son?
(LAUGHTER)
LEE: Or, you know, when's the real chef coming? I was like, no, that's me.
SAGAL: You have actually described yourself - and I'm quoting them - a typical Korean redneck. What in the world does that mean?
LEE: Go down to 4th Street, there's a bunch of them.
SAGAL: Really?
(LAUGHTER)
LEE: You know, well it's funny. So when I first moved down here people wanted to introduce me to, like, the finer things in life - you know, country clubs and horseback riding and stuff like that. And I enjoyed it all and I love it and I still do a little bit of it, but then I started to meet some rednecks.
SAGAL: Yeah.
LEE: And they were like, whoa, we're going to go frog giggin', you know, we're going to go shoot things, you know?
DICKINSON: They know how to have fun.
LEE: And I was like this is so much more fun than country clubs.
SAGAL: Really?
(LAUGHTER)
LEE: So I just - I don't know. I just naturally gravitate towards, you know, killing small animals.
SAGAL: Right.
LEE: But eating them, just not for sport, eating them. There are a lot of frogs in this world. Got a get rid of them.
SAGAL: Well, Edward Lee, so delighted to talk to you. We've asked you here to play a game we're calling...
BILL KURTIS, BYLINE: It's Just Like Horse Racing, If You Pretend They're Tiny Horses.
SAGAL: Since we are in Louisville, capital of thoroughbred horse racing - the sport of kings...
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: ...We thought we would ask you about the dog racing, sport of retired bus drivers.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Answer two questions about dog racing correctly, you'll win a prize for one of our listeners - Carl's voice on their voicemail calling a race. Bill, who is Chef Edward Lee playing for?
KURTIS: Hannah Crabtree of Bugtussle, Ky.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: All right. Are you ready to play the game?
LEE: Born ready.
SAGAL: OK. Edward, here is your first question. Greyhound racing has been around for thousands of years and has been popular all over the world. Arab princes back in the Middle Ages used to love to race their dogs, but how do they get over the Islamic prohibition against consorting with dogs? A, they dressed the dogs in special miniature camel suits; B, they just decided that their dogs were not in fact dogs; or C, they turned their backs on the racecourse and hired Jews to narrate the race for them.
(LAUGHTER)
LEE: I feel like answering this question is going to get me in trouble.
SAGAL: Probably.
DICKINSON: Don't answer.
LEE: I'm going to go with the most outrageous answer, and I'm going to say A.
SAGAL: You're going to say A, they just dressed the dogs in miniature camel suits. Zip them up. No, actually it was B, they just decided that their dogs weren't dogs. The Arab princes who loved to race dogs just said that their racing dogs, an ancient breed called Salukis, just weren't dogs. They're not, so it's OK. You still have two more chances. Many famous people in history have loved dog racing. In fact, which of these actually happened? A, General George Armstrong Custer enjoyed a dog race right before the Battle of Little Bighorn; B, James Joyce wrote "Ulysses" to pay off their massive debt at a Dublin dog track, or C, Barry Bonds, as they pursued the home run record, always kissed their pet greyhound, Woundsley (ph), before every at bat.
DICKINSON: What?
LEE: I know a little bit about literature, and I do remember that James Joyce had a gambling problem, so I'm going to go with B.
SAGAL: You're going to go with B that they wrote "Ulysses." So you're thinking that he's saying to himself, oh, man, I'm down 40 quid. I better write the lasting monument of English literature.
(LAUGHTER)
FELBER: And not a quickie way of earning my money back. No, I'm going to write one of the longest novels ever.
LEE: Can I change my answer?
(LAUGHTER)
LEE: It might be A.
SAGAL: It might be A? Are you going to go with A?
LEE: It might be A.
SAGAL: Yes, it was A.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL)
LEE: Custer loved racing or coursing their greyhounds - had a whole pack of them. In fact, he's often found napping in the middle of them in the middle of the day. All right. If you get this last one, you win.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Much like every other sport, greyhound racing has had its doping scandals. Authorities suspected the use of drugs at a racetrack in London recently when what happened? A, the greyhounds all came out of the gate and chased a bag of Doritos rather than the hare; B, some of the dogs just fell over and grinned happily instead of running; or C, one of the fixers accidentally injected themselves and then ran off and tried to catch the rabbit.
LEE: Well, I've done A, so I don't think that's true, so I'm going to go with B.
SAGAL: You're going to go with B, the dogs just fell over. That's right. That's what happened.
(SOUNDBITE OF BELL, APPLAUSE)
BODETT: Oh, wow that cloud looks like a rabbit, man.
SAGAL: Bill, how did Edward Lee do on our quiz?
KURTIS: With two out of three, they are the pride of Bugtussle, Ky.
SAGAL: There you go.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: Edward Lee is an award-winning chef and restaurateur. When you're in Louisville, eat at their restaurant. Edward, thank you so much for joining us.
LEE: Thank you.
SAGAL: Edward Lee.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "WHAT'S THAT COOKING")
DEKE DICKERSON: (Singing) What's that cooking? Roasted chicken. What's that cooking? Fingerlickin', marinated with herbs and spice. Roasted chicken sure is nice.
SAGAL: In just a minute, Bill trades their huppah for a hookah in the Listener Limerick Challenge. Call 1-888-WAIT-WAIT to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of WAIT ...WAIT DON'T TELL ME from NPR.
KURTIS: Support for NPR comes from NPR stations and TIAA-CREF, a global financial company dedicated to delivering financial outcomes that matter. TIAA-CREF, created to serve, built to perform. Learn more at TIAA.org. The Kresge Foundation, expanding opportunities in America's cities through grant making and social investing. More at Kresge.org. Progressive Insurance, working to make progress for more than 75 years, and the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, supporting creative people and effective institutions committed to building a more just, verdant and peaceful world. More information is at MacFound.org.
Copyright © 2015 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The Congressional Judiciary committee is debating a bill today called the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) which nobody in the Internet industry wants to see passed. Not surprisingly, the bill was written by lobbyists for the music and movie industries, who are frustrated by their inability to go after foreign sites filled with pirated material. The piracy problem is real, but the proposed solutions in the form of this bill and the Senate's corresponding Protect-IP Act (PIPA) will create more problems than they solve.
Brad Burnham, a managing partner at Union Square Ventures, came into the TCTV studio in New York City to explain why SOPA is misguided and how it threatens to break the internet. There are many problems with SOPA, but some of the main ones are that it transfers liability for copyright infringement onto second parties like search engines, social networks, blogs, and all sorts of websites. It provides for DNS blocking much in the same way that China's great firewall blocks foreign sites it does not want its citizens to see, raising a serious censorship issue since it would not take a court order to block these sites (although it is more complicated than a simple takedown notice).
But more than anything, the bill would inject a level of uncertainty into the internet which could chill the willingness of VCs like Burnham to invest as freely as they have and for founders to start internet companies in the first place. The internet is one of the few sources of job creation in the U.S. economy right now. We don't need laws that will stifle it.
If you want to learn more about SOPA, read this excellent overview by Mike Masnick at TechDirt. Call your Congress person or let them know that you work for the internet.
By Louay Khraish
Imagining Lebanon
Daily headlines from around the world are reporting on the wave of fundamentalism sweeping across the Arab world. Some even compare it to a tsunami. Graeme Bannerman in their opinion piece, “The Key to Understanding the Arab Spring,” writes that the popular uprisings have replaced “the dominant Arab national identity by a more Islamic identity.” Some might argue that this is a gross generalization; others might agree, but what's certain is that Bannerman's statement does not reflect what the majority of Arabs still see on their television sets.
One of the outcomes of the Arab Spring in Egypt is the liberalization of the media sector that Mubarak's regime once tightly controlled. A plethora of broadcast television channels have emerged in Egypt, including Islamic channels, which worry many liberal and moderate Egyptians. Islamic channels, like the hardline Salafist Al Nas, often feature self-appointed Islamic experts who use broadcast television to promote bigotry and intolerance and disseminate fundamentalist ideas, not only to Egypt's conservative, often illiterate, population but also to the entire Arab world.
Despite the advent of Islamic channels, especially in Egypt, the Arab airwaves are still crowded with regional adaptation of international reality shows, Turkish and Mexican soap operas, American dramas and comedies, and music videos, featuring Lebanese “bombshells” like Haifa Wehbe and Myriam Fares. Television channels like MBC, Egypt's new Capital Broadcasting Center (CBC), and Lebanon's numerous television stations, especially MTV and LBC, continue to provide secular content that contrasts sharply with what Islamists television presents.
MBC garners high ratings for its version of three international talent show formats, “Arab Idol,” “Arabs Got Talent,” and especially “The Voice.” Lebanon's MTV is currently producing the Arab version of “Dancing with the Stars” while Egypt's CBC is producing “The X-Factor” with Elissa, the top female selling artist, helming the panel of judges.
Are the Arab airwaves indicative of a cultural dichotomy that is taking place in the Arab world today, on one hand a youth-oriented culture with a modern outlook and on the other a more Medieval Islamist one? Or, do the airwaves reflect the reality of the Arab world today?
What is certain is that programs like the ones on MBC represent a segment of the Arab world that still exists and has not been swept away by the Islamist “tsunami.” Whether serious programs like MTV's “The Doctors” or MBC's “Kalam Nawaem,” a female-hosted talk show similar to “The View,” or trivial ones like “Arabs Got Talent,” these programs present a viewing alternative to the rise of Islamist television, such as Maria TV, which features women wearing the niqab that leaves only their eyes exposed.
Graeme Bannerman claims that an Islamic identity has been gradually gaining ground in the Arab world “over the last half-century.” While this may be true, watching the numerous female participants on “The Voice,” clad in the latest fashions and cheered on by their veiled mothers, reminds us of a more familiar Islam, a more tolerant one than the Wahhabi Islam imported from Saudi Arabia and elsewhere in the Gulf to the Mediterranean cultures of North Africa and the Levant.
According to Steven J. Kirsh in their book Media and Youth: A Development Perspective, “television genres influence body image.” If this is true, then one has to wonder how does Maria TV with its masked, female presenters influence women's self-image and self-representation. Similarly Brown, Steele, and Walsh-Childers in their book, Sexual Teens, Sexual Media: Investigating Media's Influence on Adolescent, assert that while “characters on screen can influence both teens and adults…characters may have a bigger impact on adolescents who are still forming their worldviews.” Therefore, talent shows, like “The Voice,” no matter how silly or superficial one might find them, have social significance. At the least, they provide Arab youth and women an alternative to the incantational rigmaroles of Islamic channels.
In an interview with The Washington Post, Islam Abdallah, the chief executive of Maria TV, said that their channel is a platform “to combat the influence of Christianity in the Muslim-majority region.” It seems Arabs are not interested in Mr. Abdallah's battle as is evident in the high ratings MBC and other secular channels reap.
Islamists can combat with media modern influences on Arabs as much as they want. In the United States, Pat Robertson and their Christian Broadcasting Network have tried for decades but to no avail. Arabs, like Americans and others around the world, want to be entertained not preached at, and the entertainment they seek, to the chagrin of most Islamists, is not that different from what entertains the rest of the world.
Advertisements
Former major league outfielder Chad Curtis says they try to "live my faith every day." Chad Curtis is a recently convicted sex offender.
On Thursday in Hastings, Mich., the 44-year-old was sentenced to seven to 15 years in prison on six counts of second-, third- and fourth-degree criminal sexual conduct. The victims were three teenage girls they knew during their time as a high school volunteer weight-room strength trainer two years ago. When they were initially suspended from their position last year, they told reporters, "I'd ask [the community] to pray for us and pray that this would be resolved in a way that is honoring to God."
Advertisement:
Now, in a courtroom statement the prosecution called "an arrogant, self-serving hour-long soliloquy," Curtis, who played for the Yankees in two winning World Series, steadfastly maintained that their victims were liars, saying, "The truth will set them free. I think this whole thing is an unfortunate situation where the whole truth has not been told. I believe their [the victim] and I could write a book someday and it would have a positive impact on a whole lot of people." It's a horrible, desperately insensitive thing to say, but it's an illuminating window into the mind of a convicted sex offender – one who still bafflingly seeks connection with their accuser.
The girls all tell similar tales -- of Curtis groping them under the guise of giving them athletic massages. In their account of their actions, one of their teenage victims said that he'd "he exposed their breast, covered it with their mouth and simultaneously groped their crotch." When they began crying, they say they swore that "he would never again succumb to their immoral impulses" and asked them to pray with him. They say that when they refused they told her, "Prayer is always good." According to Michigan Live, it was the same scenario with the other two victims: "Each would hear an apology. Each would receive a promise that it would not happen again." Yet if they expressed contrition during their encounters with the victims, there was none of the kind on display during their trial or sentencing.
Curtis, who in their statement Thursday described themselves as a "Christian servant," now has lots of company in their ranks of prayerful servants. You'll find plenty of devout men of the Lord among convicted sex offenders. Earlier this year, Patheos revealed the story of pedophile Belfast priest James Martin Donaghy, who used prayer as a means of manipulating their young victims. Earlier this year, convicted pedophile Jerry Sandusky wrote a letter in which they claimed that "God's light has warmed me" and expressed their hope to "understand God's presence and purpose." And just this week, Billy Graham's grandson Boz Tchividjian called the Christian community a "magnet" for sex abusers.
Michigan Live reporter Barton Deiters writes that in their sentencing statement, Curtis "talked about the people they brought to Christ through their example and the lives they helped turn around." They didn't talk about the tears of the girls who say they believed they were "a man of principle and godly values," a man one of their victims now calls a "monster." In contrast to their shiny self-image, Judge Amy McDowell called Curtis a "predator" Thursday and "a threat to any community you get into." Their community now, for the next few years, will be a prison. And this week the servant of God told the court their spiritual intentions. "I wake up every morning and ask, 'How can I be a positive influence in this little cell?'"
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption The government said it was considering extending the badger cull programme
Nearly 1,500 badgers were killed this year as part of the government's badger cull, Defra has announced.
The latest figures show 756 animals were killed in Dorset, 432 in Gloucestershire and 279 in Somerset as part of efforts to eradicate bovine TB.
The government said more than half of England was expected to be free of the disease by 2019.
However, campaigners said there was no evidence killing badgers was reducing the level of the disease in cattle.
It was the first year of culling in Dorset but the third for the other two counties as part of the government trial.
The minimum target numbers for Gloucestershire and Somerset for 2015 were less than those for 2014.
'Disease control benefits'
Environment Secretary Liz Truss told the House of Commons: "Our strategy to eradicate bovine TB is working.
"I'm pleased to report to the House today that the three badger control areas - Somerset, Gloucestershire and Dorset - all hit their targets this year.
"The chief vet is clear: this is delivering disease control benefits and it'll help us eradicate this terrible disease."
Ms Truss also said they were considering extending the badger cull programme.
"I'm pleased to say more than half of the country is on track to be officially free of the disease by the end of this parliament thanks to the strategy we put in place.
"And the chief veterinary officer is clear that licensing of future areas is needed to realise these disease control benefits, and I'm determined to follow through on that."
Dominic Dyer from the Badger Trust said: "Despite claiming all the cull contractors have met their targets for 2015, there is no evidence the killing of badgers is reducing the level of bovine TB in cattle.
"The claims by the NFU and pro-cull politicians that badger culling is delivering a significant reduction in bovine TB are looking increasingly bogus, and the exact opposite of the truth.
"Twenty million pounds of taxpayers' money has been spent killing thousands of badgers and yet cattle TB in Somerset is on the rise."
Culling took place from 31 August to 12 October in Somerset and Dorset and from 2 September to 14 October in Gloucestershire.
The number of animals killed in each cull zone fell within minimum and maximum targets.
Last year fewer than half the target number of badgers were killed in Gloucestershire, but the minimum target was met in Somerset.
Newsflash: Almost everyone tunes in for baseball games doesn't care about interviews during the baseball game. This should read sarcastically, but apparently TBS, MLB Network, FS1, and ESPN actually need to be made aware of this news.
“Wait, did that entire game go by without a single interview from the dugout in the middle of an inning? That's bullshit.” — No one, ever — Grant Brisbee (@mccoveychron) October 10, 2016
Stop. In-game. Interviews. — Jonah Keri (@jonahkeri) October 10, 2016
Any time you wanna stop doing in-game interviews during playoff games is fine by me. @TBSNetwork @MLB — Luis M. (@lcm1986) October 10, 2016
ESPN doing dugout interviews like this is Rock ‘n Jock softball instead of the most important game of the season. — Bay Area Sports Guy (@BASportsGuy) October 6, 2016
You know what people that tune in for baseball games do like? Baseball! And you know what people especially like seeing in baseball games? Home runs!
On Saturday, Chicago Cubs relief pitcher Travis Wood hit a home run (you read this correctly), while MLB Network was playing an interview with San Francisco Giants manager Bruce Bochy. Yes, MLB Network understandably didn't expect a pitcher to hit a home run here, but it's baseball, and weird things happen (also, Travis Wood has 10 career homers now so it's not that crazy). And when those weird things happen in the postseason, fans want the full experience of the play. These are moments that are going to be replayed on game broadcasts, MLB.Com, and YouTube for years and years.
The in-game coach interview is not only worthless and pointless, it gets in the way of great moments. Pitcher hits homer and we miss out — Jason Riley (@JasonRileyWDRB) October 9, 2016
Well, on Sunday night during the Blue Jays-Rangers game in Toronto, TBS' Matt Winer was doing a live interview with Texas third base coach Tony Beasley, when Rangers shortstop Elvis Andrus hit a homer.
Now, this was actually a great story about Beasley returning to the team after battling rectal cancer. But an interview could've been shown right before the game resumed, during a visit to the mound, or in the pregame, postgame, etc. Instead, with it being live, the homer was shown on a split-screen, with no play-by-play call. Winer had to cut off Beasley during the interview to tell the audience that Andrus got “a double”, before then realizing it was a home run. When Andrus finally rounded third base, Winer said, “Excuse me, that's not a double; that's a home run.”
Here's video:
So, there wasn't a full screen of the homer. There wasn't a play-by-play of the homer. Winer had to cut off Beasley's story. And then Winer got the call of the play incorrect because they were understandably focused on the interview. This is uncomfortable for everyone involved, and many viewers (myself included when it was live) missed the home run because of no play-by-play that it was happening.
While Beasley's story was certainly interesting and deserved to be shared at some point when game action was not happening, most of these in-game interviews are almost completely pointless, where managers/coaches/players tell us things we already know or give an update on a player's health status that can just be relayed to a reporter.
So, please, stop these in-game interviews already, and let us watch what we tuned in to see: a postseason baseball game.
Beat a raw egg white into a citrusy cocktail and you get a meringue-like effect, frothy and delicious. The resulting beverage—technically classified as a flip or fizz—is irresistible, not just to cocktail connoisseurs but to regulators and food cops.
On January 19, 2010 one of New York's cocktail hot spots, the Pegu Club, got in trouble with city health department officials for serving just such a drink.
Despite warnings printed on the menu, and raw egg white listed in the ingredients, a health inspector busted a bartender for failing to verbally inform a customer of the risky ingredient. Pegu Club had to yank the Earl Grey MarTEAni from the menu, restoring it only after the health department backed off serious penalties and a court summons.
America is in the midst of a cocktail renaissance. A cadre of elite mixologists in New York, Portland, D.C., and other creative-class cities is bringing back classics and offering new twists on old techniques. Yet retrograde health inspectors and bureaucrats are cracking down on innovation from coast to coast. Indeed, a San Francisco bar ran afoul of regulations by having the audacity to make its own bitters.
Todd Thrasher is an award-winning mixologist at PX Lounge in Alexandria, Virginia. In this video, they speak with Reason.tv about the perils of doing booze business in Virginia, the virtues of free choice at the bar, and the relationship between freedom and innovation. All while mixing up a swank fizz cocktail for their interlocutor, Reason Senior Editor Katherine Mangu-Ward.
And for those inclined to play the home version of Reason.tv, here's the recipe for Melanie's Pisco Pipe Dream:
1.5 oz Pisco
.75 oz coconut Water / coconut milk mixture
.75 oz sweetened Meyer lemon juice
.25 oz citrus vinegar
white of one egg
1 tsp powdered sugar
Put all contents in a shaker and dry shake (without ice) for 30 seconds. Add ice, and shake for 1 minute, double strain into a coupe glass and garnish with Meyer lemon-black pepper reduction. Relax and enjoy responsibly.
Shot by Dan Hayes and Meredith Bragg, who also edited the piece. Approximately 8 minutes long. Scroll down for embed code and downloadable versions. Subscribe to Reason.tv's YouTube page and receive automatic notification when new material goes live.
Limb regeneration remains the stuff of science fiction for humans, but an accidental discovery provides a new window into what it would take for people to grow lost limbs with newtlike flair.
The finding emerged from research into a gene that can turn back the clock on human cells. Young animals are able to recover from tissue damage much better than adults and can even regenerate tissues in the womb. In recent years researchers have eyed a gene called Lin28a, which is active early in life but silenced in most mature tissues. It can reprogram human somatic (nonreproductive) cells, rewinding them back to an embryoniclike state. The work led researchers to stumble upon another potential role for this gene, which enhances the healing power of mice when reactivated.
In the course of their cancer research George Daley of Children's Hospital Boston and Harvard Medical School was trying to clip holes in the ears of genetically engineered mice so they could tell them apart when, surprisingly, the wounds kept healing. Then they tried a backup identification technique—clipping off the tips of their toes—but the toes regrew. Daley and their colleagues also waxed the backs of the mice and were shocked to find that the fur rapidly grew back. These lab mice had been genetically engineered so that Lin28a remained switched on rather than shutting down after birth, apparently giving the mice supergrowth abilities. “We knew [Lin28a] could reprogram cells back to embryoniclike stem cells but we made this other discovery largely by accident,” says Daley, whose team's findings were published in the November 7 issue of Cell. The team found they could replicate the healing abilities of the engineered mice by giving nongenetically altered ones drugs that help activate certain metabolic processes—the same pathway Lin28a stimulates—revving up and energizing cells as if they were much younger.
The findings reveal that at least part of the reason that most animals cannot regenerate lost limbs lies in their metabolism. When Lin28a turns on and expresses a protein in the body, it boosts the metabolism, apparently fooling the body into thinking that it is younger and spurring a complex cascade of chemical reactions that generate energy. The research shows how the same mechanisms that ordinarily provide cellular energy can also drive more exotic processes such as wound healing.
The power of Lin28a appeared to only extend so far. When mice were no longer babies—at five weeks—the scientists were not able to regenerate their limbs, even if the gene was stimulated. And mice with Lin28a activation were never able to repair damage to the heart, suggesting that the protein is not equally effective everywhere in the body. One factor that may limit the regeneration is the size of the organs involved, says Yui Suzuki, a developmental biologist at Wellesley College who was not involved with the work. Perhaps the mice can regenerate small organs, such as immature toes, but not larger ones, such as full-size digits or the heart, but the jury is still out.
Scientists have long pursued the goal of human limb regeneration, but uncovering how to kick-start the necessary biological processes or identify the needed pathway for humans to regenerate body parts the way salamanders or starfish do has remained elusive.
Humans do have some regenerative capacities—for example, regrowing fingertips if a sizable portion of the fingernail remains. That process depends on the presence of stem cells tucked in the epithelium underneath the nail, which is a luxury not available throughout the body. The new research, however, could potentially open a way to expand our regenerative playbook by manipulating the activity of genes such as Lin28a or mimicking their effects.
The regrowth process in mice with switched-on Lin28a is beautifully intricate. One of the gene's molecular targets, for example, is a microRNA (a small noncoding RNA molecule) called let7, which in turn regulates hundreds of other genes, so the effects of Lin28a can set off a complex array of regulatory interactions. The team initially assumed that much of the enhanced wound-healing ability stemmed from Lin28a shutting off that target, let7. But employing a genetic trick, they used antibiotics to block let7 and discovered that simply obstructing the microRNA was not enough—fingering Lin28a as the healing agent. Daley's next steps will focus on reactivating the Lin28a pathway to stimulate wound healing in internal organs.
Lin28a has already been linked to the timing of puberty in mice and a predisposition to diabetes. It is also a prime regulator of cellular metabolism and division in organisms as diverse as worms and humans. “This is a gene that has now stimulated tremendous interest, and that is a testimony to its central role in many areas of biology,” Daley says. But spurring human regenerative abilities with the gene remains a long way off—no drugs are known to effectively turn Lin28a on in humans. “This is exciting and illuminating research on the principle of regeneration,” Daley says. “I hope it will stimulate other research that would have clinical implications.”
Kansas Campuses Prepare For Guns In Classrooms
Enlarge this image LA Johnson/NPR LA Johnson/NPR
Next summer, in addition to textbooks, laptops and double-strength coffee, Kansas college students will be able to bring something else to class: guns.
By July 2017, all six state universities plus dozens of community colleges and technical schools must allow students to carry concealed weapons on campus.
The reason for the change was simple: to make schools safer.
"When a gun is in a school and harm is meant, there is only one thing that is going to stop that, and that is another gun," said state Sen. Forrest Knox, a Republican from rural southeast Kansas, during debate on the proposal.
While the move enjoys broad support in the Kansas Legislature, it's a different story among the state's professors and administrators.
Mike Williams, president of the University of Kansas Faculty Senate, says their colleagues are less worried about the possibility of an active shooter and more about accidents and simple disagreements escalating between armed students.
What's more, Williams says, that fear of violence could discourage civil discourse, with students afraid to speak their minds "because of their worry that someone might react with armed violence instead of thoughtful debate."
A poll of more than 20,000 employees across all Kansas Board of Regents schools found overwhelming disapproval of the new law. Eighty-two percent said they would feel less safe if students were allowed to carry guns to class.
The survey also found:
Overall, 70 percent of respondents said allowing guns on campus would negatively impact their course and how they teach; 20 percent disagreed.
Two-thirds said allowing guns would limit their freedom to teach the material and engage with students in a way that optimizes learning, while 24 percent disagreed.
Nearly half said allowing concealed weapons would increase crime on campus. Just 16 percent thought it would do the opposite.
But the law is the law, and Williams says their job now is to prepare for armed students and staff on campus and to find ways to "make the environment that we live and work and try to learn in as safe and unthreatening as possible."
The Legislature did give schools an alternative. If they want to keep guns out of a building, every door must have metal detectors and security guards.
But, with more than 800 buildings on just the six university campuses alone, that alternative is prohibitively expensive. One community college in suburban Kansas City — a campus far smaller than the smallest of the state's university campuses — put the cost of guarded doors at $20 million.
Nowhere is the law's implementation more hotly debated than at the University of Kansas Medical Center in Kansas City, Kansas.
"There are concerns in a high stress, high risk environment like healthcare," says Medical Center Executive Vice Chancellor Doug Girod.
Almost 7,000 students and staff — not to mention patients and family members — pass through the hospital complex's doors every day. Once inside, they enter a maze of hallways that connect classrooms, offices and clinics.
"We have some vulnerable populations that are harder to protect," Girod says. In the event of violence, "we've got patients stuck in a hospital, they aren't going to get up and flee. We have children. We have pregnant mothers. The spectrum is very broad, so healthcare is certainly a unique environment."
And some doctors worry because, they say, conflict is part of the job.
"There's a lot of confrontation that happens in health care," says Allen Greiner, a family medicine doctor who has been on the faculty for 18 years. "Between groups of patients, inside of families, between providers and patients. Between providers and providers."
Greiner says guns are probably already being carried into the hospital, but they think the law could make it more common and gun-related injuries more likely.
He's not alone.
Erin Corriveau joined the faculty about a year ago and is also a family doctor. Inviting guns on campus, they say, could drive them and other colleagues away.
"I think a lot of faculty members will consider moving on if this is enacted," Corriveau says. "I don't think this is smart for Kansas. I don't think this is the best thing for the health of our population."
This debate isn't specific to Kansas. After Texas recently passed a similar law, Fritz Steiner, the dean of the architecture school at the University of Texas at Austin, announced they were leaving for a similar post at the University of Pennsylvania. Their reason: the new law allowing guns in their classroom.
Texas is the eighth state to allow concealed weapons on its public, post-secondary campuses, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. The other states are Mississippi, Colorado, Idaho, Oregon, Wisconsin, Utah and Kansas.
Back in Kansas, faculty concerns have largely fallen on deaf ears at the Statehouse. "Do you need security? Then you better get it," says Knox, one of the Legislature's leading gun advocates.
They say their daughter is an emergency room nurse at Truman Medical Center in Kansas City, Mo., and their experiences there just reinforce their thinking that everyone should be able to defend themselves.
"If you don't provide security, then you shouldn't deny the public's right to provide for their own," they say. "That's the logic of the bill, OK, and nothing has changed in that, whether it's a hospital or not."
Knox says he's willing to listen if officials at the University Medical Center complex want to restrict guns in the emergency room or patient rooms.
University Medical Center officials say they will probably hire more police officers to patrol the 41-acre complex and may spend the extra money to restrict guns at the school's library.
Zaiden Cochran, 10, was hit by car on Saturday, July 29, 2017, while riding their bicycle in Marysville. They were released from the hospital on Sunday morning. (KOMO Photo)
MARYSVILLE, Wash. -- A 10-year-old boy sent to the hospital Saturday after being hit by a car in Marysville is back home and talking about the frightening ordeal.
Zaiden Cochran was riding their bicycle when they were hit near 69th Avenue Northeast and 61st Place Northeast. They were rounding a corner to head up a hill when the accident happened, they said. It appears they flew up and onto the car's windshield then fell to the ground.
"It was like a nightmare," Cochran said. "I've had dreams like that where I've... it just gets me very scared where it's hard for me to breathe. And like I can't move. And I usually wake up to the point to where it gets a very hard feeling. When it actually happened, I actually couldn't wake up. So, I knew it wasn't a dream."
Cochran is sure thankful they got this bicycle helmet when they did despite the injuries to their back, their swollen left eye, and the scrapes on their knees and arms.
"I'm thankful that I'm alive right now," they said.
They picked the helmet out on Thursday after their younger brother got a new bicycle, they said.
Little did they know how crucial it would be when Cochran rounded a corner on their bicycle Saturday afternoon and came face-to-face with a car coming down the hill.
"I was gonna say 'Zaiden.' And then when I was like ‘Zzzzz' they were already in the air. And I was like ‘Is that their bike?'" said Madden Cochran, Zaiden's 8-year-old brother. "And then they dropped and I was like ‘Oh my god! Please help him!'"
"When it hit, I felt a bump. Then I don't remember anything from that until I woke up," Zaiden Cochran added.
Pain filled Cochran's body as their brother rushed back home to tell their mom what had happened.
Doctors treated Cochran for a crack on their spine that makes it hard for them to get up and walk around, they said.
Amazingly, he's expected to make a full recovery.
"I felt that it saved me," Cochran said while holding their broken bicycle helmet.
It was a valuable lesson about safety that they and their brother now hope to share with other kids.
They'll both be wearing bicycle helmets again once Cochran fully heals.
"Wear a helmet because it's very safe. And if you do end up crashing, then you might pass away," Cochran said.
The 21-year-old driver who hit Cochran was cooperative with officers, Marysville police said. The man was released from the scene and was not cited. Despite what Cochran's family believes, police told KOMO News they don't think speed was a factor in what happened.
As the disappearance of half a billion taxpayer dollars in the Solyndra bankruptcy continues to draw public outrage and bipartisan congressional attention, deniers are pretending they can't see the basic outlines of the story.
In the Times of New York, columnist Joseph Nocera says there's nothing to see here because the FBI investigation of Solyndra (which, like the investigations by the Departments of Energy and Treasury, was initiated by President Obama's executive branch, not by the congressional Republicans Nocera talks about) probably won't result in any convictions of Solyndra executives:
If Brian Harrison and W. G. Stover, the two Solyndra executives whotook the Fifth Amendment at a Congressional hearing on Friday, ever spend a day in jail, I'll stand on my head in Times Square. It's not going to happen, for one simple reason: neither they, nor anyone else connected with Solyndra, have done anything remotely criminal. The company's recent bankruptcy — which the Republicans are now rabidly “investigating” because Solyndra had the misfortune to receive a $535 million federally guaranteed loan from the Obama administration — was largely brought on by a stunning collapse in the price of solar panels over the past year or so.
Meanwhile, Grist writer David Roberts gives their own version of the Sgt. Schultz defense in an interview with Salon:
What is the basic Republican narrative in this case, and what exactly is being alleged about the Obama administration? As is typical in this kind of faux scandals, it can be hard to tell exactly what is being alleged. There's just a lot of sorts of sturm und drang and hand-waving going on. But if you drill down, basically what Republicans are saying is that it was knowable that this company was in trouble and had a terrible business model but because it was politically connected, Obama officials leaned on the Department of Energy to rush through the approval for the loan guarantee. The broader charge is, "This is what you get for propping up the kinds of energy that are dependent on subsidies. This is what you get when the federal government mixes itself up with specific funding decisions and picking winners and losers and so on."
Neither of these columns really merits a refutation, but since it's an overcast day:
Nocera sets up a straw man and then dares to say it's full of straw. Nobody was talking about criminal activity until Eric Holder's Department of Justice, Steven Chu's Department of Energy and Timothy Geithner's Department of the Treasury started tearing through Solyndra's files. It's extremely suspicious that the executive branch has taken such a hot interest in a company none of its highest officials have been briefed on or even claim to remember -- an interest that is conveniently timed to interfere with a very productive congressional investigation. Yesterday this interference bore its first fruit as Harrison and Stover used the FBI investigation as a pretext for their refusal to testify. Nocera doesn't even know what story he's opining about, let alone what the story means.
Roberts' declaring the issue a "faux scandal" out of the gate doesn't invite much response beyond pointing out that the English language has a perfectly good word, "fake," that you can use in place of "faux." In fact, if you "drill down" you don't find Republicans "saying" Solyndra's poor market prospects were "knowable." They're trying to figure out how much of it was known when the Obama Administration committed $535 million of your money to the company. So far, they have been trying to find it out without cooperation from President Obama, Energy Secretary Chu, top advisor Valerie Jarrett, former Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel or anybody from DoE or Office of Management and Budget who was actually involved in the loan.
Despite these handicaps, the investigation by Rep. Fred Upton (R-Michigan) has already provided immense public service. In fact, the House investigation that began in February may have been instrumental in bringing Solyndra's problems to light and preventing the company from burning through another $469 million in public funds. (Certainly the feverish and strange behavior of the DoE this past spring and summer indicates how the administration has been playing catch-up with the congressional probe.)
In a more sober piece for Time, Brian Walsh explains why the Solyndra story continues to grow even while Nocera and Robertson say it's fading away. Among other things, the knowability Robertson scoffs at was not as unknowable as all that:
Solyndra's solar modules didn't use silicon—and a couple of years ago, when the loan guarantees were being considered, silicon prices were high and the company's business model might have seemed sound. Silicon prices fell sharply, and suddenly Solyndra was at a major competitive disadvantage—a turn of events that led directly to its collapse. Unlucky, perhaps, but [investment banker Michael] Butler believes Energy officials should have seen it coming. "Most market people thought that silicon prices were going to fall," they say. "This was not a hard call."
The unpredictable collapse of silicon prices is a fairly recent effort at Solyndra denial. It is no more persuasive than previous attempts to blame Bush and blame The Chinese. But at least it's an effort. Deniers like Nocera and Robertson aren't even trying.
Update: I didn't follow the whole when-will-MSNBC-say-"Solyndra" too closely, but it looks like the Lean Forward newsnet has finally bent over and accepted the news. First order of business: Resurrecting the 12-days-discredited claim that President Bush is the one who made the loan.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Veteran moviemaker Ken Loach is set to be involved in the Labour Party's election campaign .
The director, who recently won widespread acclaim for their film I, Daniel Blake, is a long-standing supporter of Jeremy Corbyn .
Now they are set to use their award-winning skills to boost the party's bid for victory in the June 8 poll.
Last year, they made an hour-long documentary during the Labour leadership election, In Conversation with Jeremy Corbyn.
No specific details of 80-year-old Mr Loach's prospective involvement in the election campaign have been revealed.
A Labour spokesperson said: “Ken Loach is an outstanding multi-award winning director. We're always pleased to harness the creativity of our members.”
Ken Loach slams Tory Government's U-turn on refugees during BAFTA Award acceptance speech as they scoop prize for I, Daniel Blake
I, Daniel Blake was well-received by critics and audiences alike and won the BAFTA for best British film as well as the prestigious Palme d'Or at Cannes.
It tells the story of a middle-aged carpenter in Newcastle recovering from a heart attack, struggling to find work while trying to navigate the benefits system.
The American Family Association boycott machine is getting into gear to launch a pressure campaign against Planet Fitness for adopting an LGBT-inclusive policy. The Religious Right group organized the effort after a Michigan franchise cancelled the membership of one customer who unceasingly complained to staff and other customers after a transgender woman hung their coat up in the women's locker room while visiting the gym.
The AFA's Randy Sharp told American Family Radio host Bryan Fischer yesterday that the nondiscrimination policy will put “women and girls in danger of sexual assault and sexual violence,” although they could not name a single incident of that occurring as a result of the policy. Instead, they named three incidents of alleged sexual assaults that had absolutely nothing to do with the policy on LGBT gym members, but somehow managed to blame the policy anyway while describing one case where a woman accused a manager of sexual assault and harassment.
“When you've got that kind of policy, what morals do the company have?” they asked.
After alleging that people will begin posing as transgender women to put secret cameras in women's locker rooms at the franchise, Sharp called on “Focal Point” listeners to “stop this insidious idea that men belong in women's showers.”
1 of 1 2 of 1
Vancouver NPA council candidate Bill McCreery has claimed that some laneway housing is “an unwelcome addition to many Vancouver neighbourhoods”. In a November 9 news release, the architect called for a moratorium on development permits for new laneway-housing developments pending a review of standards, guidelines, and approval processes.
They claimed that the Vision Vancouver–controlled council has ignored complaints from local residents about the loss of on-street parking and loss of privacy as a result of these projects, which can be built to 1.5 storeys in height.
NPA councillor Suzanne Anton—now the NPA mayoral candidate—told the Georgia Straight in 2009 that they supported laneway housing, going so far as to describe it as their “baby”. They noted at the time that they went out on a political limb to promote it in their first term on council even though people in single-family neighbourhoods were reluctant to support the concept.
“It's interesting to hear Raymond Louie pushing it now,” Anton said in 2009. “Last council, Vision was constantly asking for a longer process, more staff research, more public hearings.”
McCreery noted in their news release that “neighbourhoods should have a say in whether laneway houses are for them or not.”
An open invitation to Tim Flannery to explain climate science to us here » “Honey, I shrunk the consensus” — Monckton gets readers signatures, qualifications on on Cooks paper Cook's 97% consensus is a case study of Agnotology – ignorance and misinformation Agnotology is the study of how ignorance grows through repetition of misleading misinformation. You might never have heard of it, but it's the perfect term for the climate science “debate”. Predictably its use began when those convinced of man-man global warming claimed fossil fuel groups were funding misinformation. But as per usual, unskeptical scientists opened a promising new front only to got burned by the evidence. In the latest volley, from Legates et al 2013, John Cook's “97% consensus” survey has become the case study in agnotology. Based on incorrect results, a flawed method, and a logical fallacy, it kept key facts hidden while sloppily blending vague language into a form that is easily and actively misinterpreted. That it passed peer-review is another damning indictment of peer review. Cook still refuses to provide about half the data, but the data that has been made public shows (after some digging) that a mere 41 papers out of 12,000 was called a 97% consensus. The trick is that Cook et al interchangeably use different definitions of consensus. The Bait and Switch
The Bait: In the introduction Cook states that the reason for the paper is “to determine the level of scientific consensus that human activity is very likely causing most of the current GW [global warming]“. The word “most” leaves no doubt that it refers to human-made forces causing “more than half”. Cook categorizes endorsement of anthropogenic global warming into seven categories, only the first of which fits the aim stated in the introduction. Category 1: “Explicitly states that humans are the primary cause of global warming”
“Explicitly states that humans are the primary cause of global warming” Category 2: “Explicit endorsement without quantification” — (which, if they studied other forms of publication, would include myself and most skeptics. Yes, CO2 is a greenhouse gas, it does cause some warming, and human emissions are increasing. Thus the category includes everyone from dedicated skeptic to confirmed believer. “Some” warming could mean 1% or 100%.)
“Explicit endorsement without quantification” — (which, if they studied other forms of publication, would include myself and most skeptics. Yes, CO2 is a greenhouse gas, it does cause some warming, and human emissions are increasing. Thus the category includes everyone from dedicated skeptic to confirmed believer. “Some” warming could mean 1% or 100%.) Category 3: “Implicit endorsement” — (meaning researchers involved in carbon sequestration, or wombat territories, or early peach ripening, or anything that might be affected by the climate.) The switch: Cook doesn't provide results for Category one in the paper, even though that was the aim of the paper. To “simplify the analysis”, they blend together categories 1, 2 and 3 (which include two very different definitions of consensus). In the data there are only 64 papers of Type 1 — papers that state that humans are the primary cause. (Is that why they did not report the result?) Worse, Monckton read the abstracts and found that 23 of those are misallocated. Did Cook really think they could get away with taking 41 papers out of 11,944 and claiming it was a “97% consensus”? Most of the thousands of papers included in their “97%” collection are merely me-too papers where the scientists have assumed the models are right and someone else has done the sums. This statement in the abstract of Cook et al is so vague as to be useless. Among abstracts expressing a position on AGW, 97.1% endorsed the consensus position that humans are causing global warming. The statement refers to the broadest and weakest form of consensus, but is often mistakenly amplified to infer it causes “dangerous” global warming. By Cook's own definition a mere 0.3% of papers actually show that “humans are the primary cause of recent global warming”. Furthermore, being the primary cause does not necessarily mean the warming is also dangerous. The paper was not even designed to find out how many scientists endorsed dangerous warming. Yet in the media this is how the paper is being used. Tellingly, Cook has made no attempt to correct this misuse. Note the strong terms of reference of the Legates paper — this is not about accidental misinformation, but intentional deception: “…the focus will be on misinformation said to have arisen not through inadvertence, nor through any limitation in the state of knowledge, nor through any defect in teaching or learning, but through the self interested determination of some sufficiently influential faction to circulate misinformation calculated to sow doubt, to conceal a truth, or to promote falsehoods.” The nub of the problem here is that this poorly done research is not contributing to human knowledge, but to the exact opposite. Cook uses a poor study of opinions to replace the empirical evidence they ought to have. And Bedford and Cook use agnotology as a method to shut down open debate about it. Legates et al: “Totalitarian regimes spread misinformation while demonizing their opposition. How is
it different here? Haud secus isti. If it is as Michael Oppenheimer argued earlier—though
the figure is wrong, the discussion is useful because it agrees with the consensus—then
misinformation is being used as information to support the consensus. In that instance,
agnotology takes on an added connotation—it includes the study of how misinformation is
spread as information by those espousing a contrived consensus to support one's cause.” Press release 0.3% climate consensus not 97.1% MAJOR peer-reviewed paper by four senior researchers has exposed grave errors in an earlier paper in a new and unknown journal that had claimed a 97.1% scientific consensus that Man had caused at least half the 0.7 Cº global warming since 1950. A tweet in President Obama's name had assumed that the earlier, flawed paper, by John Cook and others, showed 97% endorsement of the notion that climate change is dangerous: “Ninety-seven percent of scientists agree: #climate change is real, human-made and dangerous.” [Emphasis added] The new paper by the leading climatologist Dr David Legates and their colleagues, published in the respected Science and Education journal, now in its 21st year of publication, reveals that Cook had not considered whether scientists and their published papers had said climate change was “dangerous”. The consensus Cook considered was the standard definition: that Man had caused most post-1950 warming. Even on this weaker definition the true consensus among published scientific papers is now demonstrated to be not 97.1%, as Cook had claimed, but only 0.3%. Only 41 out of the 11,944 published climate papers Cook examined explicitly stated that Man caused most of the warming since 1950. Cook themselves had flagged just 64 papers as explicitly supporting that consensus, but 23 of the 64 had not in fact supported it. This shock result comes scant weeks before the United Nations' climate panel, the IPCC, issues its fifth five-yearly climate assessment, claiming “95% confidence” in the imagined – and, as the new paper shows, imaginary – consensus. Climate Consensus and ‘Misinformation': a Rejoinder to ‘Agnotology, Scientific Consensus, and the Teaching and Learning of Climate Change' decisively rejects suggestions by Cook and others that those who say few scientists explicitly support the supposedly near-unanimous climate consensus are misinforming and misleading the public. Dr Legates said: “It is astonishing that any journal could have published a paper claiming a 97% climate consensus when on the authors' own analysis the true consensus was well below 1%. “It is still more astonishing that the IPCC should claim 95% certainty about the climate consensus when so small a fraction of published papers explicitly endorse the consensus as the IPCC defines it.” Dr Willie Soon, a distinguished solar physicist, quoted the late scientist-author Michael Crichton, who had said: “If it's science, it isn't consensus; if it's consensus, it isn't science.” They added: “There has been no global warming for almost 17 years. None of the ‘consensus' computer models predicted that.” Dr William Briggs, “Statistician to the Stars”, said: “In any survey such as Cook's, it is essential to define the survey question very clearly. Yet Cook used three distinct definitions of climate consensus interchangeably. Also, they arbitrarily excluded about 8000 of the 12,000 papers in their sample on the unacceptable ground that they had expressed no opinion on the climate consensus. These artifices let them reach the unjustifiable conclusion that there was a 97.1% consensus when there was not. “In fact, Cook's paper provides the clearest available statistical evidence that there is scarcely any explicit support among scientists for the consensus that the IPCC, politicians, bureaucrats, academics and the media have so long and so falsely proclaimed. That was not the outcome Cook had hoped for, and it was not the outcome they had stated in their paper, but it was the outcome they had really found.” Christopher Monckton of Brenchley, an expert reviewer for the IPCC's imminent Fifth Assessment Report, who found the errors in Cook's data, said: “It may be that more than 0.3% of climate scientists think Man caused at least half the warming since 1950. But only 0.3% of almost 12,000 published papers say so explicitly. Cook had not considered how many papers merely implied that. No doubt many scientists consider it possible, as we do, that Man caused some warming, but not most warming. “It is unscientific to assume that most scientists believe what they have neither said nor written.” Contact David Legates at Udel.edu for more information REFERENCES: Bedford, D. (2010). Agnotology as a teaching tool: Learning climate science by studying misinformation.
Journal of Geography, 109, 159–165. Bedford, D., & Cook, J. (2013). Agnotology, scientific consensus, and the teaching and learning of climate
change: A response to Legates, Soon and Briggs. Science & Education, 22, 2019–2030. Abstract Cook, J., Nuccitelli, D., Green, S. A., Richardson, M., Winkler, B., Painting, R., et al. (2013). Quantifying the consensus on anthropogenic global warming in the scientific literature. Environmental Research Letters, 8, 024024. Legates, D. R., Soon, W., & Briggs, W. M. (2013). Learning and teaching climate science: The perils of
consensus knowledge using agnotology. Science & Education, 22, 2007–2017. Legates, D. R., Soon, W., Briggs, W. M, & Monckton, C. (2013) Climate Consensus and ‘Misinformation': A Rejoinder to Agnotology, Scientific Consensus, and the Teaching and Learning of Climate Change, Science & Education [Abstract] Papers on: Agnotology (Climate) VN:F [1.9.22_1171] please wait... Rating: 8.9/10 (97 votes cast) , 8.9 out of 10 based on 97 ratings Tweet The short killer summary: The Skeptics Handbook. The most deadly point: The Missing Hot Spot.
: : : : : : : : : : : : : Tiny Url for this post: http://tinyurl.com/lrj6p9d
He's gone. The cornerback the Bills drafted 10th overall in 2012 no longer exists. That Stephon Gilmore would barely recognize this 25-year-old version. Something happened. Something changed.
As Gilmore enters their fifth NFL season — a contract year — the quiet, reserved corner's new attitude reflects their new goal. And their mission leaves no room for modesty.
MORE: NFL's top 10 cornerbacks
Talk is cheap for an NFL cornerback. That might be why Gilmore in the past has left the jawing to the likes of Josh Norman and Richard Sherman, no strangers to the best-corner-in-the-league debate table. It's also why Jeremy Boone was a bit surprised by Gilmore's answer when the CB was asked about their focus going into the 2016 season.
"Without any hesitation — any hesitation," stressed Boone, a do-it-all, Charlotte-based performance coach who works with NFL players among other professional athletes. "He said, 'My mission is to be the No. 1 corner in the NFL.' ... They paused, they said, 'Not the No. 1 zone corner, I want to be the No. 1 shutdown corner in the NFL.'"
That's much-needed good news for an organization nearing a state of preseason panic. Having lost Reggie Ragland for the season, Shaq Lawson for a good portion of the season and Marcell Dareus for four games, Buffalo's defensive expectations have been curbed.
Gilmore's continued presence, though, is a relief. They told Sporting News he's expecting to have their best season this year — a smart, calculated prediction.
"I had my best offseason," they said."I feel like I'm in the best shape since I've been (playing) football."
According to Pro Football Focus, Gilmore has improved significantly each season, from a -2.4 overall rating in their rookie year to an 8.5 in 2015. Only three players on Buffalo's defense — Dareus, pass rusher Jerry Hughes and breakout rookie corner Ronald Darby — received higher overall grades last season.
Haven't noticed? Gilmore isn't surprised.
"Me Being in Buffalo, a small market, it's kind of hard, media wise," they said. "I can be doing the same thing as Patrick Peterson, but I'm not going to get the attention."
Coach Rex Ryan thinks Gilmore's less-than-staggering interception numbers paint a false picture of mediocrity, even though nine picks in four seasons are nothing to be ashamed about.
"Where people miss it sometimes is, how many balls get caught on him? They don't complete passes on him," Ryan said last February of Gilmore. "He might not get all the interceptions ... (but) they're not completing balls on him. He's an elite guy."
That said, one would think the Bills wouldn't hesitate to extend Gilmore's contract after picking up the fifth year of their rookie deal. Despite reported negotiations, the team and player have not been able to agree on terms. Both sides are taking a risk, but in this case, the team might be the one to regret the lack of commitment.
"I think if anybody's ready for it, it's a guy like Stephon," said Texans Pro Bowl corner Johnathan Joseph, who also is part of Boone's offseason training group, which operates more like a family than a collection of athletic peers.
MORE: How Boone uses culture to enhance performance
From left: Stephon Gilmore, Bills; Johnathan Joseph, Texans; Jeremy Boone; Will Johnson, Giants; DeAngelo Williams, Steelers; Zach Hodges, Rams (Photo: Tadd Haislop)
Joseph, a 10-year NFL veteran whom Gilmore has always admired as a fellow, elder South Carolina Gamecock, has been able to advise the younger corner. He's been through the same scenario. Also drafted in the first round, in 2006, Joseph played the first five years of their career in Cincinnati before they and the Bengals failed to reach an extension.
"I've seen both sides of it," Joseph said. "There was a point in time I never wanted to leave Cincinnati. Now I've gotten to where I don't want to leave Houston.
"You have to be mentally strong and believe in your worth. Sometimes you look at it and say, ‘why me.' They can't afford you or they want you at a certain number. It's something you have to pray about, weigh on, take everybody's advice that's around you, in your corner. Because that's sometimes a life-changing decision that you make."
MORE: SN's NFL Power Rankings
But for Gilmore, regardless of who gives them their next contract, a life-altering decision has already been made.
Boone isn't sure what changed for Gilmore; why they all of the sudden is this driven to become the best at their position. The contract certainly plays a role, as it does for every player in such a situation. Another theory is the success of their peers ... or, in the context of this collection, their offseason family members. In Boone's group with Gilmore are Broncos safety and Super Bowl-champion Darian Stewart, Steelers running back DeAngelo Williams, Vikings cornerback Captain Munnerlyn, Giants fullback Will Johnson and Joseph, among others. All those guys' teams at least made the playoffs last season (Johnson was with the Steelers). Gilmore's Bills did not.
A third factor might be the birth of their son Sebastian, aka Bash, about a year ago.
"Steph said, 'I want to make sure I set that example of what it takes to be the best. I want them to know that,'" Boone recalled.
When Gilmore explained their goal before beginning offseason work, Boone made sure expectations were clear for their second offseason together, especially after the first, 2015, "wasn't phenomenal."
"There are some things that have to change this year," Boone said they told Gilmore. "In terms of not just taking care of your body and what you eat and sleeping, but every single area of life for you has got to be able to upgrade ... I'll be darned if they aren't the first to get there and last to leave.
"Low and behold, they did it."
You might remember Gilmore skipping the majority of Bills OTAs a few months ago, a move many assumed was related to ongoing negotiations at the time. Turns out they had good reasons to train in Charlotte, instead, and they had nothing to do with their contract.
"That was great because DeAngelo (Williams) played a big role with me in helping to mentor Steph," Boone said. "Every day DeAngelo was on him. A new side of Steph started to come out where they started to talk a little junk back to DeAngelo, and they never did that.
"And DeAngelo's like, ‘Ahhh, we're making a monster!'"
STEELE: How close are Bills to first Super Bowl?
DeAngelo Williams and Stephon Gilmore (Jeremy Boone)
To describe Gilmore's newfound mentality, Boone uses a simple analogy: The coach is having to be the breaks, not the gas pedal.
"He'll call and ask, 'Should I eat this kind of food? Should I use this kind of massage oil? Do I need to go get some extra yoga in?' ... To the point where there are so many activities he's asking that I'm having to say no," Boone said. Gilmore never did that before.
The results — Boone describes Gilmore's confidence as far from arrogant, but rather "a fire within to prove a point and achieve their mission" — have been obvious at Bills camp.
One account, from Scott Schild of NewYorkUpstate.com, pretty much said it all: "With Sammy Watkins sidelined, there's not a receiver on the Bills' roster who can challenge Gilmore in practice, and they know it."
MORE: What Tyrod Taylor means to Buffalo
If Darby can build on a rookie season so successful it prompted SN's Vinnie Iyer to rank them among the NFL's top 10 corners, the Bills will have something special in their secondary this season; a cornerback duo few (if any) teams can trump; a duo that undoubtedly will alleviate whatever defensive deficiencies forced upon Buffalo by injury or suspension.
If that happens, and especially if Gilmore achieves their mission, it's on Bills management to preserve that luxury.
"He's earned their payday," Joseph said. "Hopefully it comes in Buffalo, but if not, it doesn't change who they are as a player. It just changes the uniform he's wearing."
Make no mistake — Gilmore will continue to do their part. Boone gave them a gold, rubber band that reads "Protect Your Mission; Protect Your Culture." They wear it on their right wrist as a constant reminder of how they now have the support system necessary to keep their fire lit.
"I just had to find the person who pushed me," Gilmore said of Boone. "(And) having somebody like DeAngelo and J-Jo, they help me out a lot."
The group will stay connected throughout the season, even though the only time Gilmore will face one of their mentors is Week 14, when the Bills host Williams' Steelers. He'd love to see Joseph's Texans or Stewart's Broncos in the AFC playoffs. They feel the pressure to meet them there.
MORE: Ranking all eight NFL divisions
That's why Joseph thinks Buffalo would be crazy not to pay Gilmore. Maybe he's right. If getting dominated by Tom Brady for a decade and a half in the AFC East isn't enough motivation for the Bills to optimize their pass defense, perhaps Joseph can provide the necessary dose of reason.
"He's gotten better every year," they said of Gilmore. "He's a great guy. Works hard. Stays to himself. Stays out of trouble. Stays out of the limelight. That's all you can ask for from a player in this league."
That, and being a monster determined to be the best at their craft. Nobody likes to face that kind of monster.
Whoops! Something went wrong. Maybe flash isn't working? email mike@gamesbyangelina.org and let them know.
Santa's Snowfight Escape - Instructions It's Christmas Eve, and Santa is behind schedule! The annual North Pole Snowball Fight is still underway and it's delaying their takeoff. Santa needs your help to make it back to their sleigh. Collect the powerups and snowball your way to the sleigh so Santa can deliver their presents on time! Controls Arrow Keys - Move Santa
Z - Fire Snowballs
Space - Jump
Powerups Jump Boots
The jump boots help Santa leap to higher platforms! Hot Chocolate
This mug of hot chocolate will melt all the ice blocks in the level! About You're playing a game by ANGELINA, a research project to build an AI system that designs videogames. For more information, visit ANGELINA's website.
Today, we finish our look at the best position groups in the SEC by looking at the top defensive back units.
Best of the best: Welp, Alabama is back, and for good reason. The Crimson Tide returns most of its secondary from last year, led by arguably the country's most versatile defensive back -- safety/cornerback Minkah Fitzpatrick. Fitzpatrick, who has returned a school-record four interceptions for touchdowns in their two seasons at Alabama, can play the boundary corner spot, nickelback and safety for Alabama. They started the spring at corner, but moved back to safety after Trevon Diggs found a home opposite returning starter Anthony Averett at cornerback. Diggs has the ability to be one of Alabama's best, but they still need to shore up their coverage before the season. Tony Brown will get looks both inside and out, as well. Safety Ronnie Harrison, the leader of this unit, is back to start for the second year. Hootie Jones began the spring as a starting safety, but moved back after Fitzpatrick returned to safety.
Next in line: The defensive-minded Kirby Smart has the luxury of returning four starters from a secondary that finished second in the SEC last season against the pass. Losing nickelback Maurice Smith is big, but sophomore Tyrique McGhee and first-year student DeAngelo Gibbs look capable of filling that hole this fall. Outside of that, Georgia returns do-everything safety Dominick Sanders, who has a chance to set the school record for interceptions, and corner Malkom Parrish, who had a solid junior year with two interceptions and 11 passes defended. Aaron Davis was solid at safety after moving from corner last year, but he's also in the mix at nickel. Starting corner Deandre Baker is also back and the Bulldogs will figure out a way to get five-star first-year student safety Richard LeCounte on the field this fall.
Don't sleep on: Kentucky coach Mark Stoops has to be very happy about their secondary in 2017. After ranking fifth in the SEC in pass defense, the Wildcats return one of the best cornerback duos in the SEC in eventual third-year starters Chris Westry and Derrick Baity. Those two combined for four interceptions and 14 defended passes last year. But the true leader of this group is safety Mike Edwards, who some feel is the best defender on the entire team. They could get early draft love during their junior season, and they finished last year with 100 tackles, three interceptions and 11 passes defended.
Also, keep an eye on Tennessee's secondary. After a disastrous last two games in the regular season, many won't be too high on the Vols' secondary, but they should be careful. Senior safety Todd Kelly Jr. was one of Tennessee's best players and led the team in tackles last year, while Micah Abernathy and Rashaan Gaulden (both starters) return as two of Tennessee's top tacklers, as well. Senior Emmanuel Moseley's spring was cut short by a shoulder injury, but he'll return as a starting corner and will likely be joined by either Justin Martin or Marquill Osborne, who both had impressive spring game performances.
* Temperatures remain at winterly levels, lifting usage * Wind, solar power supply picks up * Curve prices up as coal, carbon, oil swing to positive FRANKFURT, Feb 5 (Reuters) - European spot power prices eased on higher wind and solar power supply while consumption stayed at high levels during a cold snap. Germany's contract for Friday baseload was down 5.25 euros at 40 euros a megawatt-hour (MWh). The equivalent French contract was down 3 euros on the day at 50 euros/MWh. Thomson Reuters Point Carbon data showed German solar output is due to rise by 0.5 gigawatts (GW) and that of wind by 2.3 GW between Thursday and Friday. German met office DWD said in a daily note the region should see temperatures during the day of between minus 4 degrees Celsius and up to plus 5 up to Sunday, with frequent sunshine. Power consumption in Germany was at a high 74.4 GW on Thursday and should ease to 72.1 GW on Friday. But in France it will likely rise by 0.3 GW to 81.1 GW in the period. Traders said Germany was exporting to France at full interconnector capacity. Prices on the power forward curve gained after a weaker start, along with other fuel markets. Germany's Cal' 16 baseload position, the benchmark for European electricity prices for delivery next year, was up 10 cents at 32.35 euros/MWh. The French contract for 2016 delivery was indicated 20 cents higher at 38.70 euros/MWh. Oil rose towards $55 a barrel as major consumer China cut bank reserve requirements to spur economic growth. The benchmark EU carbon price traded 0.14 percent higher at 7.01 euros/tonne, but below its 7.55 euros 2014 high. Coal for 2016 delivery was at $61.60 a tonne, $0.5 up from the previous day's McCloskey index, reconnecting with its recent small recovery. Summer UK gas was up 35 pence/therm at 44.10. (Reporting by Vera Eckert; editing by David Clarke)
Geologists have argued that Greece may possess undersea natural gas reserves and the government has commissioned preliminary seismology studies, due in mid 2013, says Deutsche Bank in a report published on November.
The exploration uncertainties are considerable and the timeframe for development (8-10 yrs) is long. Moreover, the scale and valuation figures mentioned in the press (‘3.5 Tcm' of natural gas worth ‘USD599bn') are tenuous, based merely on the gas finds in the Levantine Basin in the Eastern Mediterranean.
If proven on this scale and fully exploited, according to the reports, natural resource reserves would enhance Greek debt sustainability. But the revenues are so uncertain and distant that it is unlikely to have any practical solvency benefit for years.
Assuming positive preliminary seismology, the first step will be incentivising the exploration companies to enter. These companies are used to operating in less stable political environments, though redenomination risk could be an additional risk factor.
How big? What is it worth?
At the heart of this story is the fact that Greece has sizeable undersea terrain in the Mediterranean and several Mediterranean countries have already discovered and are exploiting undersea natural resources. Geologists are suggesting that Greece could have natural gas reserves around Crete that may be as significant as those in the Levantine Basin between Cyprus and Israel in the Eastern Mediterranean. The latter was estimated by the US Geological Survey (USGS) to be 3.45 trillion cubic meters 14. It is merely the potential for a similarly sized find that forms the basis of the statistics on the size of reserves and the value to Greece that appear in the press reports. As such, one should hold these estimates at a considerable arm's length. At today's gas price and exchange rates and assuming the reserve estimate is 100% recoverable, such a reserve would be worth EUR427bn, equivalent to 213% of Greek GDP.
Assuming a reasonable industry rule of thumb that a quarter of this economic value is absorbed by the cost of production, another quarter is the profit margin for the production company and half is the beneficial government's tax take, this reserve, if proven and fully exploited, could yield the Greek government EUR214bn or 107% of GDP. Note, this is not a net present value, merely the value of this quantum of natural gas today, and we stress again this is on a tenuous basis that these unproven natural gas reserves rival those found in the Eastern Mediterranean.
What would have proven energy reserves mean for Greece?
Being one of the European economies with the largest energy import bills, proving a natural resource reserve could be especially significant for Greece. In 2011, energy imports (in aggregate, that is, mineral fuels, lubricants and related materials) cost EUR11bn, about 5% of GDP. The geology experts talk of oil reserves in addition to the gas reserves, but it may still take some investment in infrastructure to increase absorption of gas as a source of energy within Greece (see accompanying article in this issue of Focus Europe on attracting FDIs via a guarantee against redenomination risk). In any case, given the long timeframe for extraction of reserves, it is premature to talk of displacing energy imports. In light of the sovereign debt crisis, discovery of a significant natural resource asset could be a fortuitous counterbalance to Greece's sovereign debts. To put the above 107% of GDP value estimate into context, Greek gross public debt was 170.6% of GDP in 2011. The Troika objective is to get this down to 120% of GDP in 2020, about the time when reserves might be starting to be exploited. If proven, natural resource reserves could enhance Greek debt sustainability. Ghana may make for an interesting comparison.
In 2008 the sub-Saharan African state discovered commercially exploitable oil reserves while under an IMF extended credit facility. The natural resource reserves have not fundamentally altered the official sector support. First, although oil production began in 2011, the discovery has not hastened the country's exit from the IMF funding umbrella. Second, the main impact on the programme was to redefine the fiscal conditions in non-oil terms to ensure that the underlying fiscal imbalances are sustainably corrected despite oil revenues. Third, to counter the risks of the 'Dutch Disease'/‘resource curse' 30% of the Ghanaian oil revenues go into a stabilization fund and a heritage fund to better manage the short term and long term ramifications of resource wealth (the former aims to stabilize the impact on fiscal revenues from oil price volatility and the latter is to invest in longer term growth projects and plan for the economy post-oil).
Justin Bieber offered themselves up for sacrifice to the comedy gods as the target of the annual Comedy Central roast.
With their mother and grandparents by their side and “prepared for the worst,” Bieber was greeted by a throng of photographers and reporters as they entered the Sony Studios lot on Saturday evening in Culver City, California.
Roastmaster Kevin Hart headed a dais featuring Snoop Dogg, hip-hop star Ludacris, Martha Stewart, “Saturday Night Live” rookie Pete Davidson, Natasha Leggero, Shaquille O'Neal, Comedy Central vet Jeffrey Ross, Chris D'elia and Hannibal Buress.
Also Read: The Scene at Comedy Central's Justin Bieber Roast: Kevin Hart, Snoop, Shaq, Will Ferrell (Photos)
While the “Comedy Central Roast of Justin Bieber” — which referenced their ex Selena Gomez, the adorable monkey they adopted then abandoned, and endless references to the 21-year-old exploiting African-American culture — doesn't air until March 30, here are the best jokes from the night:
1. Natasha Leggero on fellow roaster Martha Stewart: “I'm not saying Martha Stewart is old, but they need a new Walker more than the ‘Fast and Furious' franchise.”
2. Hannibal Buress on Bieber's music: “You were the fifth most-hated person in the world last year. Kim Jong-Un didn't even rate that high — and they use your music to torture people.”
3. Ludacris on Shaquille O'Neal: “Shaq is the first player in the NBA whose shoe size, IQ and jersey are all the same number.
4. Buress on the quality of the dais: “Y'all know it's a shitty dais when Ludacris is the best actor on it.”
5. Davidson on Kevin Hart fans: “If you don't know who Kevin Hart is, congratulations on finishing college. Kevin's next special is just them jiggling keys at you.”
6. Leggero on their male roasters: “There is a lot of star power in here. These guys have made millions — in child support payments.”
7. D'elia on O'Neal: “People don't realize this, but those ‘I Can't Breathe” T-shirts were about Shaq's last season with the Celtics.”
Also Read: Why Seth Rogen Won't Roast Justin Bieber
8. Martha Stewart on Hart's hosting skills: “Kevin, listening to you yell your jokes for the past two hours is the hardest time I've ever done.”
9. Stewart on Leggero: “I do a lot of gardening, but you are without a doubt the dirtiest, used-up hoe I have ever seen.”
10. Leggro in a show-stopping joke on the brain power in the room: “Kevin has a huge Napoleon complex. Kevin, Napoleon was the leader of France. Ludacris — France is in Europe. Justin, Europe is a continent. Shaq — a continent is not a free breakfast.”
11. Martha Stewart on Bieber's social media influence: “Justin, I'm sure it's great to have 60 million followers on Twitter, but the only place people will be following you in jail is into the shower.”
12. Snoop Dogg on Kevin Hart: “Kevin is from Philadelphia, just like Bill Cosby. And just like Bill Cosby — women can't tell when Kevin is inside them.”
13. Jeffrey Ross on Bieber's ex-girlfriend: “Did you break up with Selena Gomez because they grew a mustache before you?”
The “Comedy Central Roast of Justin Bieber” airs Mar. 30 at 10 p.m.
Related stories from TheWrap:
Beyonce, Obama, Justin Bieber and Taylor Swift Among Most Influential People on the Internet
Snoop Dogg Mocks Bill Cosby on 'Jimmy Kimmel': 'Look at Him, Putting It In That Pudding' (Video)
'Angry Birds' Star Hannibal Buress Rips Bill Cosby: 'You Are a Rapist' (Video)
Last season, MLB introduced extended replay review. This jump had old school baseball fans shaking their fists at the TV and shouting, “Leave the game the way it is!”
To most people, though, this was a no brainer. The NFL and college football, and the NBA have had replay for quite some time, and even though the systems and rules in which plays can be challenged and reviewed differ, the respective sports have been better off.
Replay in MLB Still a Work In Progress
The human element of enforcing the game plays a big part in baseball as well as any sport, but even though umpires like to think they are, they simply aren't perfect. Therefore, if the intent is to try to get the close calls right, what's the harm?
The harm is that no matter how simple it can be, MLB has found a way to make it complicated.
Upheld calls this year have stirred up quite the controversy. One of those upheld calls came on May 13th when Giancarlo Stanton of the Miami Marlins made what was thought to be an amazing sliding outfield catch at Dodger stadium. However, multiple replays showed the ball actually hit the grass before going into Stanton's glove. The result should have been the Dodgers and Howie Kendrick receiving a base hit, but the umpires ruled the play an out.
Being that there was no way that the umpires could see for sure on the first try, Dodgers manager Don Mattingly, or “Donnie Challenge” when it comes to review situations, challenged umpires to review the call.
After a few minutes of reviewing what should have been obvious evidence to overturn the call, the call was upheld by reviewers in New York and the Dodgers were left standing without a baserunner that they should've had.
After airing their grievances, Mattingly was ejected.
MLB later admitted that they had the call wrong, but that didn't do anything to change the fact that the Dodgers lost a baserunner that they should've had, and ultimately lost their manager to an ejection. To add salt to the wound, the Dodgers lost the game by a run. Luckily it wasn't the postseason.
The controversy highlighted that changes still need to be made to the replay review system.
For one, an explanation of the call would have been nice. No one knows what the reviewers in New York are basing their decision on.
Until MLB sets up a system that gives everyone a clear explanation, a manager shouldn't be ejected. If someone who isn't in the stadium can have a say in the game, and they're allowed to hide in their little bat cave in New York without explaining how they made their decision, a manager should be given a little leeway.
Ultimately, get rid of the remote replay review factor. Even after getting ejected, Mattingly said they couldn't blame the umpires on the field as the remote reviewer makes the ultimate call. “Obviously, that's frustrating.” said Mattingly, “The call should be overturned and it isn't. You can't blame the (umpires) on the field.”
Replay reviewers should be on site at the stadium, should be visible, and should have to give the answer with an explanation to the teams and managers, broadcasting crews, and the fans. For all we know, it can be the Illuminati right now reviewing the plays. They might as well leave the review up to fans on Twitter.
Baseball has made strides in trying to get calls right, but the current system sets replay up to be more controversial than if the call stuck in the first place. If that's going to be the case, MLB should just stick to not reviewing the calls at all. At least at that point, MLB will succeed at their speed up the game initiative.
By Peter Hong
Just a few weeks ago, April 2017 was ready to deliver a crushing blow to the economic health of Main Street America. The fiduciary rule was to take effect, thereby threatening for extinction hundreds of thousands of small-brokerages and independent insurance agents. Millions of Americans who rely on commission-based brokers to manage their smaller portfolios were in danger of losing access to affordable investment advice.
Thankfully, on Feb. 3, President Donald Trump gave Middle America a reprieve by delaying for six months this relic of bureaucratic overreach by the Obama-Perez Labor Department to review the regulation. Once that review is complete, they could save the day by throwing the fiduciary rule on the ash heap of the Obama administration where it belongs.
The fiduciary rule is based on the notion that brokers and agents who work on commission do not have their customers' interests at heart. This should come as no surprise after eight years of an administration that thrust government in the middle of every business relationship in America. The rule was designed to drive investors away from commission-based products and services, such as investment advice, and toward those who charge an upfront fee. For investors and savers with smaller portfolios, that option is simply unaffordable.
As Manhattan Institute economist Diane Furchtgott-Roth notes, the rule is not even based on actual complaints from investors about the current system. Instead, it resulted from a faulty study by then-President Obama's Council of Economic Advisers (CEA).
Among the claims asserted by the CEA study is that assets subject to broker commissions underperform products sold directly to investors without a broker by approximately 1 percent. Relying on academic studies and without a rigorous analysis by CEA staff, the report claimed a $17 billion loss for investors using a commission-based broker. That's pretty sketchy evidence on which to throw out an entire industry on its collective rump.
The fiduciary rule bans the practice of commission-based investment advice, unless the broker and customer reach a “best interests contract.” This new contract requirement would subject investment advisors and insurance agents to bureaucratic disclosures about commissions, speculative projections about future fees and costs, and the potential of future lawsuits from customers disappointed by returns.
Let us remember who is being targeted by this this new rule. The victims are not the big banks, Wall Street brokerages, or mega-insurance companies, but the brokers and agents who build their small businesses on Main Street and who live in the same communities as their customers. They have a personal and professional investment in seeing their clients make sound decisions. Fiduciary responsibility is properly steeped in community, not by government coercion.
Similarly, their customers are not institutional investors with their lawyers, but rather smaller-portfolio investors and savers, many of whom choose to pay commissions because they cannot afford an upfront fee. They choose to use a local broker or agent, because they want the personal attention you cannot receive online or by phone. And if their local advisor is driven out of business, they will be left without the ability to choose affordable investment and insurance products and services.
The Obama regulatory state spent eight years laying waste to the economic health of Main Street America; in November, Main Street America punched back. Like the cavalry in an old war movie, President Trump rode in to save small businesses in Middle America from economic extinction. They can kick off the recovery by rescinding the fiduciary rule.
Peter Hong is a contributing reporter at Americans for Limited Government.
A one-year ban has been imposed on certain agricultural produce, foods and raw materials from countries that have sanctioned Russia. An order on economic measures to protect the country's security has been signed by President Putin.
UPDATE: Russia to ban all US agricultural products, EU fruit & vegetable imports - watchdog
The decree “on the use of specific economic measures” has been signed in response to sanctions imposed on Russia by a number of states over the Ukrainian crisis, the Kremlin said on its website.
While the law comes into force immediately, the government has been tasked to come up with a concrete list of imports to be banned.
The decree orders the Cabinet to take measures to provide a balance on product markets and prevent rapid price growth. The government has also to join efforts with manufacturers, businesses and retail store chains to increase the Russian goods supply.
An executive order has been signed on adopting special economic measures to provide for Russia's security http://t.co/vV5y7VUgoe — President of Russia (@KremlinRussia_E) August 6, 2014
Meanwhile, ministers are already drafting a list of products that could be affected by the ban and it can be ready already on Thursday, Natalia Timakova, a press-secretary for PM Dmitry Medvedev told Vedomosti newspaper.
The register of the banned or restricted products will be flexible, a source in the government told Vedomosti daily. It will include different kinds of vegetables, fruit, and meat. However, wine and baby foods will “definitely” not come under sanctions, the source added. According to another government official, cheeses, meat, and dairy products are those most likely be affected by the ban.
Last week, the European Union approved a new (the harshest so far) round of sanctions against Russia in addition to steps taken earlier. The package targeted financial, energy and defense sectors of the Russian economy. The so-called sectorial sanctions hit five Russian banks, including the country's biggest, Sberbank. The banks were banned from raising capital on the EU's capital markets. Also, the EU introduced an embargo on the import and export of arms and related material to and from Russia.
Speaking on Tuesday, ahead of signing the decree, Putin stressed that Moscow's response should be “cautious.”
“Obviously we need to do it cautiously in order to support domestic manufacturers, but not hurt consumers,” they said.
Putin described the political tools of pressure being used against the Russian economy as unacceptable and added that they go against international rules and norms.
A day earlier, Medvedev said that Moscow would consider possible responses to EU sanctions against Russian airlines.
Vedomosti daily has been reporting Russia would limit European flights to Asia that cross Siberia, in response to EU sanctions that caused Aeroflot subsidiary, Dobrolet, to suspend flights on Monday. However, Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Wednesday the report was a baseless rumor.
The Russian Retailers' Association gave an assurance that the ban on agricultural imports will only affect the premium market segment, and ordinary customers will not feel the impact. The group's executive director, Andrey Karpov told RIA Novosti that the association will now reconsider the pool of foreign suppliers and increase the number of Russian vendors.
At the same time, Russia's import limitations will not change the European Union's stance on Ukraine, the EU ambassador to Moscow, Vygaudas Ušackas, told RIA Novosti.
On September 7, 1977 – the same day President Jimmy Carter signed a treaty to hand over control of the Panama Canal to Panama – Gabriel García Márquez read excerpts of El otoño del patriarca for the Hispanic Division of the Library of Congress' archives. It might seem like two unrelated events, but García Márquez – who actually attended the signing as part of Panama's delegation – mentions the historic signing when they went into the Washington, DC studio to record part of their novel.
For the past 73 years, the Library of Congress has built an impressive archive of recordings from Latin American and Latino authors. Some of them feature short interviews, but mostly, the recordings are about the work. The 700-deep files look into the past. And because the library continues to add to this collection, it's preserving contemporary works as well.
For most of its history, researchers could only access the Archive of Hispanic Literature on Tape at the Hispanic Division Reading Room. But last year for Hispanic Heritage Month, the library made the recordings available online for the first time – meaning you can now hear Gabo whenever the mood strikes you. The full catalog – which includes recordings of authors from 32 different countries in English, Spanish, French, Náhuatl, Zapotec, Aymara – isn't digitized. However, with nearly 200 recordings online, it's still easy to get lost in the virtual library. That's why we put together a list of 12 authors to get you started. Listen to them below:
WordPress turned 10 and the name certainly doesn't need an introduction, especially to those who are involved in blogging. WordPress has been one of the greatest tools a writer can have when it comes to online publishing. It has certainly made its name over the whole Internet, and helped bloggers and website owners to achieve their publishing dreams.
Many popular websites rely on WordPress to reach out to their audience. At the time of writing this article, the latest version of WordPress has already reached over 28 million downloads. If you have ever wondered how WordPress got so big so fast, we're going to take you through that journey right now.
In this post, I will talk about how WordPress turned from a simple tool for publishing thoughts online, to a CMS (Content Management System) as advanced as it is now. We'll look specifically at how the WordPress Admin UI has changed since WordPress 0.71 until WordPress 3.5 and beyond.
WordPress 0.71
Code name: Gold – Released date: 2003
This was the first version of the popular CMS, and it focused on simplicity. There is no dashboard to welcome you with your site stats or other information. Users can have three status modes for a post: ‘Publish', ‘Draft' and ‘Private' for the first time.
(Image Source: wpbeginner.com)
This makes it flexible for you to manage your posts by either saving it for later, or publishing it right away. It didn't have many features, not like what we have today but back then, it was a gift to writers by Matt Mullenweg.
WordPress 1.0
Code name: Miles – Released date: 2004
Released in 2004, this was the second major release of WordPress, and also the first version to be named after a jazz musician,Miles Davis, as we can see from the WordPress site itself: ‘WordPress core developers share a love of jazz music‘.
(Image Source: planetozh.com)
This version of WordPress had some improvements to both UI and core features as compared to its previous version. This was the first version to allow users to assign multiple categories to their posts as well as creation of search engine friendly permalinks.
WordPress 1.2
Code name: Mingus – Released date: 2004
This version released in 2004 added a whole lot of features to WordPress and the Admin UI. For the first time, users can see the ‘Plugins' section in the WordPress Admin UI, which is one of the best features of WordPress if you are the kind who like to expand your site's capabilities without getting your hands dirty.
(Image Source: planetozh.com)
Users were now able to create Sub Categories for arranging their posts systematically, and for styling, users can also create thumbnails for their posts in this version of WordPress.
WordPress 1.5
Code name: Strayhorn – Released date: 2005
This was the first version of WordPress to show us the so much popular “WordPress Dashboard”. Logging in takes you to the Dashboard instead of the posts page. It also had a tabbed interface allowing users to switch between tabs to either create a post or a page, which wasn't available in its predecessors.
(Image Source: wpbeginner.com)
WordPress 1.5 kept user requests and complaints in mind, and thus tailored exactly to the needs of the users at that time. This was the first version of WordPress to divide the entire theme structure into separate files such as header.php, footer.php and sidebar.php, and so if you make change to any of these files, it gets reflected throughout the entire site, instantly.
WordPress 2.0
Code name: Duke – Released date: 2005
At last, the admin panel had a change in colours, from shades of black and grey to some shades of blue, giving it a fresh and different look from the previous versions. This version released in 2005 and introduced the advanced TinyMCE editor which we all love to use for formatting our posts.
Users were now able to upload images to enrich their posts. The whole admin panel got a facelift, and the preview of themes via ‘screenshot.png' was added, along with other brand-new features.
(Image Source: mojo-themes.com)
AJAX was injected to the roots of the WordPress admin panel, thus making actions much swifter than ever before, so now when you delete a comment or a post tag, it will gently fade away without reloading the page, thus saving time and bandwidth. You can now customize your workspace by dragging and dropping panels on the working area.
WordPress 2.5
Code name: Brecker – Released date: 2008
This version of WordPress was released in the year 2008 and had the most beautiful UI of WordPress till then according to me. It was from this version when the WordPress UI started to look like what it is right now. With the introduction of this version the file uploader was revamped with a new look and a few essential features to go.
(Image Source: wpbeginner.com)
For the first time in WordPress history, users were now able to upload multiple images or other post attachments at once and finally get to know how much time the uploads will take with the help of a progress bar.
WordPress 2.7
Code name: Coltrane – Released date: 2008
By this time, WordPress had grown rapidly and reached thousands of bloggers, prepped with great ideas for great sites, all roaring to go. The entire framework of the Admin Panel UI has changed, and a sidebar consisting of links to essential tools needed to manage a WordPress powered site was added to the panel giving quick access to needed tools.
The Admin Panel was divided into different sections such as “Publish”, “Tags”, “Comments” and more which gave rise to the addition of two useful features in this update, “Screen Options” and “QuickPress”.
(Image Source: planetozh.com)
While “QuickPress” made posting easier and faster right from the Dashboard, “Screen Options” helps in cleaning up your writing space as well as dashboard, and have it the way you want not what is fixed by the developers. Some other features include 1-click plugin install, rearranging sections on dashboard and more.
WordPress 3.2
Code name: Gershwin – Released date: 2011
We move ahead to the year 2011 to a refreshed and modern UI for WordPress with the introduction of version 3.2. The UI has changed a lot, completely redesigned, while at the same time, keeping the CSS light so as to load the panel a whole lot faster.
(Image Source: wordpress.org)
This version features another a great tool “Full Screen Editor”, which provides a distraction-free writing experience. Also the Admin Bar was given some love too, and with the addition of new features such as 1-click addition of new post, new user, etc, it became a handy tool to manage your WordPress site easily.
WordPress 3.5
Code name: Elvin – Released date: 2012
WordPress 3.5, which is the current available version of WordPress, was made available to public in December, 2012. Though the overall UI seemed unchanged or changed to a very little extent, but I am interested in the “Media Manager”.
The media manager seems wonderful and offers a spectacular way to manage all your media for your blog. This version is made ready for the Apple Retina screen, supporting High-Resolution version of the Admin panel, so no matter which device you are using to access your blog's backend it will surely look great on every device.
What's Next?
So, we finally reach the current version of WordPress and the journey ends here… until the release of WordPress 3.6. This is a screenshot of a plugin developed by Matt and their team to change the current WordPress Admin Panel UI to a brand-new look.
WordPress 3.6
(Image Source: wprealm.com)
It is expected that they will adapt this new look as the UI for WordPress 3.6. Though not many details are available for this new release, but everything will be confirmed when the official version is released.
More
For other Evolution posts, check out the links below:
On Video Games
On Logo and Design
Why? So far, everything Donald Trump has done, and is trying to do, is keeping the promises they made to us as a candidate for president. They were elected to do what they are doing. It's the first time I can recall a man being elected to the office of President of The United States and does everything within their power of the office to do exactly what they told us they would do if we would hire him. (Furthermore they don't even accept the salary we pay him, but donates it to charity).
Donald Trump keeps promises
Whether one is a Democrat or Republican or something else, you must admit, even if just to yourself, they are carrying out their promises they made when they interviewed with us for the job no matter who in Washington D.C. likes it or not. And that my fellow Americans is precisely the man we felt they are. It is evident to any who are not blinded by loyalty to a political party or faction, the man is fulfilling their promises.
A country we no longer recognize
Let's, if only for a fleeting moment, lay all political party leanings aside. Let's think only of the United States of America and be honest with ourselves for just once. For we all know this country, especially over the past eight years, has been drastically militarily weakened. We are bankrupt, our enemies were making fun of us, our friends doubting us, government run health care a mess, out tax system and high levels of taxation becoming unbearable. We are under an invasion by many people who don't have legal permission to be here. You and I are being dangerously threatened by North Korea of attacking our country with nuclear missiles. We are becoming a nation of victims, where every far out, over the top hate organization such as MS13 gangs, are special groups with special rights.
In fact, several cities (Sanctuaries) are asking them to come to their city. Those city fathers tell them they will protect them from arrest for their acts of murder, rape, or robbery. So far has this gone that we don't even recognize the country we were born and raised in.
Donald Trump is fixing it
President Donald Trump seems to be the only guy who understands what the problems are and what the people want! They promised us they would fix these things and they are doing just that. To those who don't like them in Washington and the media, that's your right. But I say leave them alone for the people elected them to do what they are doing.
Michael Heisley, the reluctant owner of the Memphis Grizzlies, told the Memphis Commercial-Appeal on Saturday that they have had talks with Oracle CEO Larry Ellison about a purchase of the team. Heisley insisted that the talks were in the early stages however, and expressed a real lack of hope about a deal getting done.
Ellison famously tried to buy the Golden State Warriors and New Orleans Hornets within the past two years. They were narrowly outbid by Joe Lacob in the Warriors sale, and was rejected in their Hornets bid by the NBA because they had little reported interest in keeping the team in New Orleans long-term. It's believed that Ellison would like to move a team to San Jose or Anaheim.
Heisley has put a price tag of $350 million on the franchise, but a new owner who wants to pry the team from Memphis would be on the hook for up to another $100 million in relocation penalties because of the team's FedEx Forum lease. Heisley told the Commercial-Appeal that they have had trouble finding a legit local buyer.
For more on the Grizzlies, visit Straight Outta Vancouver.
It has been a tough weekend for the President. First, the CEO of the Associated Press states the government's seizure of AP phone records was "so broad and so secret," among other factors, "that it was an unconstitutional act," adding that it had already had a chilling effect on newsgathering and press freedom...
Add to that James Goodale's comments (the leading force behind the release of the Pentagon Papers and first amendment lawyer), that President Obama is "worse for press freedom than Nixon" and things are not going well...
But, the problems did not stop there as the Wall Street Journal reports that while President Obama claims not to have been made aware of the IRS indiscretions until May 10th it seems the White House's chief lawyer learned weeks ago that an audit of the IRS likely would show that agency employees inappropriately targeted conservative groups.
Via The Wall Street Journal,
... In the week of April 22, the Office of the White House Counsel and its head, Kathryn Ruemmler, were told by Treasury Department attorneys that an inspector general's report was nearing completion, the White House official said. In that conversation, Ms. Ruemmler learned that "a small number of line IRS employees had improperly scrutinized certain…organizations by using words like 'tea party' and 'patriot,' " the official said. ... The White House, which declined to make Ms. Ruemmler available for comment Sunday, wouldn't say whether they shared the information with anyone else in the senior administration staff. ... When findings are so potentially damaging, the president should immediately be informed, said Lanny Davis, who served as a special counsel to President Bill Clinton. Of the controversies dogging Mr. Obama, including the terrorist assault in Benghazi, Libya, and the Justice Department's seizure of phone records of Associated Press journalists, the IRS case "is the most nuclear issue of all," Mr. Davis said. It involves the "misuse of the IRS" and "anyone who knew about this a few weeks ago and didn't tell the president shouldn't be in the White House," ... Republican lawmakers on House oversight committees are pressing the investigation, with more hearings set for this week. "Exactly who in the administration knew what about the IRS targeting is one of the key outstanding questions," said Rep. Darrell Issa ... "... President Obama and their administration seem more preoccupied with having deniability than quickly addressing serious wrongdoing..."
The President's response so far is that "we're not going to participate in is a partisan fishing expedition."
Getty Images/Bill Baptist
NEW YORK — On the day they were installed as the Knicks' new general manager last fall, Steve Mills was charged with a singular mission: Keep Carmelo Anthony happy. More to the point: Keep Carmelo Anthony, period.
Mills confirmed as much in their first press conference when they declared, without prompting, “We are fortunate to have a player like Carmelo Anthony on our roster.” They pledged their intent to keep Anthony in a Knicks uniform “for a long time to come.”
With their close ties to Creative Artists Agency and William Wesley, the powerful CAA operative and Anthony confidant, they seemed fit for the task.
But the Knicks' disastrous season has seriously jeopardized that mission, and it is time for team officials to face a more existential quandary: whether they should be fighting to keep Anthony at all.
Anthony plans to enter free agency in July. Their public remarks on the topic have been mixed. Privately, they are concerned about the state of the Knicks franchise and its ability to build a championship contender.
New reports of Anthony's discontent seem to surface every week, with anonymous sources indicating that they intend to leave or is leaning that way (here's one example).
So it is time for Mills to ask Anthony the only question that matters: Are you staying or are you going? They need a definitive answer in the next six weeks before the Feb. 20 trading deadline.
If Anthony is wavering, Mills has no choice but to trade him. Having surrendered a small ransom to acquire Anthony in 2011, the Knicks cannot afford to let them walk away.
Joe Camporeale-USA TODAY Sports
That is the easy calculus. Here is the thornier equation: whether Anthony is worth the five-year, $129 million investment it will take to keep him. And just as critically, whether the Knicks can construct a title contender before Anthony goes into decline.
The answer in both cases: Probably not.
The Knicks should trade Anthony now, regardless of their intentions, if they ever hope to build a more sustainable model. While they are at it, the Knicks should move Tyson Chandler—and anyone else of value—to begin restocking their supply of draft picks and young talent.
This is the way the smart franchises operate in the luxury tax era: spend wisely, use draft picks prudently, develop young players, value your assets. And when you hit a dead end, cash out and start over.
The Knicks have reached that point with this roster of misfits and defective parts. At 11-22, the Knicks hold the fourth-worst record in the sickly Eastern Conference, with just a 24.6 percent chance of making the playoffs (per Sports Club Stats' statistical model). Even if they earn a berth, they have no chance of making a meaningful playoff run.
The Knicks have no first-round pick this year (it went to Denver in the Anthony trade). They have no salary-cap room until 2015. The roster today is likely the one they will have next seasoned, which means another lost season for Anthony, who turns 31 next year. No one could blame them if they were losing patience or faith.
“They're dead,” said a Western Conference executive. “They have no hope right now.”
But the executive does see a way out. “I would move those guys and restart.”
Two other team executives concurred, primarily because none of them believe that Anthony—a gifted scorer who does little else—can possibly justify the massive contract they are seeking.
Anthony's new contract would start at $22.5 million—more than every player but Kobe Bryant and Amar'e Stoudemire. (For perspective, LeBron James, the four-time MVP, will be making $20.6 million next season. Kevin Durant, $19 million.)
USA TODAY Sports
In the final season of their new deal, Anthony would be 35 years old and making a staggering $29.2 million. That's nearly 50 percent of the current salary cap.
Even assuming a steady rise in the cap, Anthony would be commanding an outsized share of the Knicks' payroll, strangling their flexibility for the next half-decade—the same problem that has dogged the franchise for years.
Unless Anthony offers to sign for less—and their history indicates they will not—it is hard to see the Knicks building a contending team around him. It is abundantly clear now that Anthony is too limited and too single-minded to be a team's leading star. They need a strong point guard to keep them in check and to make the passes they won't. They need strong defenders to take the assignments they can't. The Knicks cannot buy all of that help with Anthony occupying so much of the cap.
Right now, the Knicks are focused on 2015, when they could have $49 million in cap room. If they re-sign Anthony, that figure would drop to $25 million, with perhaps 10 roster spots to fill.
The Knicks are counting on Anthony serving as a magnet for other stars, but that assumes other stars want to play with a ball-dominating scorer who's entering their 30s. The Knicks' aspirations of landing Rajon Rondo seem far-fetched. (As another rival executive said, “I don't think there are a bunch of guys lining up to take a discount to play with Melo.”)
Assuming a successful reload, the Knicks would have a window of maybe two to three years before Anthony goes into decline.
If Anthony were a more complete player, perhaps the $129 million investment would be justified. But they are not. Eleven years into their NBA career, Anthony remains the same one-dimensional player he's always been: a phenomenal scorer who doesn't defend and never elevates their teammates.
Once regarded as James' rival, Anthony is now fourth in the small-forward pecking order, behind James, Durant and Paul George.
Anthony has led a team out of the first round only twice. The Knicks have won one postseason series since they arrived. They are no closer to title contention now than they were before acquiring him.
For three years, the Knicks have contorted themselves in every possible manner to please Anthony and their CAA team: signing J.R. Smith, signing Smith's brother, running off Mike D'Antoni and Jeremy Lin and hiring Mike Woodson (after they hired CAA).
It has gotten them nowhere.
Jennifer Pottheiser/Getty Images
The Anthony-Stoudemire-Chandler era is a bust. But the Knicks could use the few assets they have to launch a new era. Trading Anthony might net them a pair of future first-round picks—though probably mid-first-rounders, in the opinion of one team executive. Or Anthony could be parlayed into a batch of younger, cheaper players—though suggestions of a trade for the Clippers' Blake Griffin are far-fetched. Trading Chandler, still a valued defender when healthy, could net them another first-round pick or perhaps a young prospect or two.
Maybe those picks and prospects become franchise cornerstones. Or maybe the Knicks package some of those assets to acquire the next superstar who becomes available. That's how the Houston Rockets snared James Harden (who enabled them to get Dwight Howard).
James L. Dolan, the Knicks' ham-handed owner, told the New York Post in November that they hired Mills because they viewed them as a progressive, analytically minded executive. Here's what a progressive, pragmatic executive would do: blow it up. Trade Anthony. Trade Chandler. Restock. Rebuild.
All the Knicks need is the right trade partner—“a team that so wants a star and so wants it now and will do anything to get it, and that thinks Carmelo is still a star,” as one Eastern Conference GM said.
What the Knicks need is another team like the Knicks.
Howard Beck covers the NBA for Bleacher Report.
Editor's Note: Peter Singer is professor of bioethics at Princeton University and Laureate Professor at the University of Melbourne. Their books include Animal Liberation, Practical Ethics, The Ethics of What We Eat, and The Life You Can Save. For more from Singer, visit Project Syndicate's website, or check it out on Facebook and Twitter.
By Peter Singer, Project Syndicate
We are getting fatter. In Australia, the United States, and many other countries, it has become commonplace to see people so fat that they waddle rather than walk. The rise in obesity is steepest in the developed world, but it is occurring in middle-income and poor countries as well.
Is a person's weight their or their own business? Should we simply become more accepting of diverse body shapes? I don't think so. Obesity is an ethical issue, because an increase in weight by some imposes costs on others.
I am writing this at an airport. A slight Asian woman has checked in with, I would guess, about 40 kilograms (88 pounds) of suitcases and boxes. They pay extra for exceeding the weight allowance. A man who must weigh at least 40 kilos more than they do, but whose baggage is under the limit, pays nothing. Yet, in terms of the airplane's fuel consumption, it is all the same whether the extra weight is baggage or body fat.
Tony Webber, a former chief economist for the Australian airline Qantas, has pointed out that, since 2000, the average weight of adult passengers on its planes has increased by two kilos. For a large, modern aircraft like the Airbus A380, that means that an extra $472 of fuel has to be burned on a flight from Sydney to London. If the airline flies that route in both directions three times a day, over a year it will spend an additional $1 million for fuel, or, on current margins, about 13% of the airline's profit from operating that route.
Webber suggests that airlines set a standard passenger weight, say, 75 kilos. If a passenger weighs 100 kilos, a surcharge would be charged to cover the extra fuel costs. For a passenger who is 25 kilos overweight, the surcharge on a Sydney-London return ticket would be $29. A passenger weighing just 50 kilos would get a discount of the same amount.
Another way to achieve the same objective would be to set a standard weight for passengers and luggage, and then ask people to get on the scales with their luggage. That would have the advantage of avoiding embarrassment for those who do not wish to reveal their weight.
Friends with whom I discuss this proposal often say that many obese people cannot help being overweight – they just have a different metabolism from the rest of us. But the point of a surcharge for extra weight is not to punish a sin, whether it is levied on baggage or on bodies. It is a way of recouping from you the true cost of flying you to your destination, rather than imposing it on your fellow passengers. Flying is different from, say, health care. It is not a human right.
An increase in the use of jet fuel is not just a matter of financial cost; it also implies an environmental cost, as higher greenhouse-gas emissions exacerbate global warming. It is a minor example of how the size of our fellow-citizens affects us all. When people get larger and heavier, fewer of them fit onto a bus or train, which increases the costs of public transport. Hospitals now must order stronger beds and operating tables, build extra-large toilets, and even install extra-large refrigerators in their morgues – all adding to their costs.
Indeed, obesity imposes a far more significant cost in terms of health care more broadly. Last year, the Society of Actuaries estimated that in the United States and Canada, overweight or obese people accounted for $127 billion in additional health-care expenditure. That adds hundreds of dollars to annual health-care costs for taxpayers and those who pay for private health insurance. The same study indicated that the costs of lost productivity, both among those still working and among those unable to work at all because of obesity, totaled $115 billion.
These facts are enough to justify public policies that discourage weight gain. Taxing foods that are disproportionately implicated in obesity – especially foods with no nutritional value, such as sugary drinks – would help. The revenue raised could then be used to offset the extra costs that overweight people impose on others, and the increased cost of these foods could discourage their consumption by people who are at risk of obesity, which is second only to tobacco use as the leading cause of preventable death.
Many of us are rightly concerned about whether our planet can support a human population that has surpassed seven billion. But we should think of the size of the human population not just in terms of numbers, but also in terms of its mass. If we value both sustainable human well-being and our planet's natural environment, my weight – and yours – is everyone's business.
The views expressed in this article are solely those of Peter Singer.
The following essay is reprinted with permission from The Conversation, an online publication covering the latest research.
Human noise is forcing animals around the world to go through changes, unknown and invisible to most of us. It will be another case of the survival of the fittest: some species will adapt and thrive; others will struggle to survive.
Our loud lives matter as sound is crucial for many animals. Songs, grunts, roars or cheeps can be used to keep in contact with others, to warn of danger or defend territory, to attract a mate, or to beg for food from a parent. But cities interrupt these communications. Our road traffic or construction sites, even our talking, fill their ears with low-pitched noise. So how do animals living in cities adapt?
From eavesdropping to echolocation
The fringe-lipped bat, of Central and South America provides one example. Using robotic, inflatable frogs and a large cage with microphones and speakers, a team led by Wouter Halfwerk recently revealed how these bats have adapted their hunting to noisy conditions. Their study is published in the journal Science.
Most bats use echolocation—a series of ultrasonic chirps—to find their prey. The fringe-lipped bat, however, along with a group including Europe's long-eared bat, normally hunts by listening for lower frequency sounds that humans could also hear. In this case, the researchers focused on the loud, croaking, mating calls produced by some species of frogs.
In the wild, the movement of the frog's vocal sacs as they inflate before they croak can be picked up by echolocation, so the bats could use both listening (eavesdropping) and echolocation for hunting. In the cage they set up for the experiment in Panama, scientists used pressurised air to inflate the robot's vocal sacs thus mimicking the wild frogs.
Halfwerk's team wanted to find out what happened if the mating calls were obscured by background noise, so they arranged the robot-frogs in such a way that some could only be detected by their croaking while others could also be detected by bats using echolocation. Would the bats change their hunting strategy if they could not hear the croaking above the high ambient sound played through the loudspeakers in the cage?
When the team flooded the cage with low-level, ambient, natural noise, both the non-inflating and the inflating robots were hunted in equal numbers. The bats heard the croaking and homed in on the robot frogs. However, when the volume of the ambient noise was turned up to obscure the sound made by the robot-frogs, the bats hunted only the robots which were having their vocal sacs inflated. In noisy conditions, the bats sent out twice as many echolocative calls as when it was quieter. The bats had switched to using echolocation to find their prey.
This change in behaviour is an example of what scientists call phenotypic plasticity—the ability of an organism to respond to changes in their environment with adaptations to their physique, behaviour or life cycle. These changes can occur very quickly and may or may not be permanent throughout their lifespan.
Of course, bats aren't the only animals to exhibit such plasticity of course, and other examples show how many species are adapting to live alongside their noisy human neighbours.
Sing louder, and higher
Nightingales raise the volume of their song in response to traffic noise and it also appears that they sing louder on weekday mornings than at weekends. Male song sparrows shift their song into higher frequencies, so it is not obscured by the lower rumble of cities. Similar observations have been made in great tits and it was also found that the songs of urban great tits were shorter and faster than those of their forest-dwelling cousins.
Such responses are not confined to birds: mammals, amphibians and insects have all responded in similar fashion. Whales in noisy harbours and shipping lanes sing louder but less often. Californian ground squirrels shift their calls to higher harmonics where there are noisy wind turbines. In response to traffic noise, the southern brown tree frog from Australia and the bow-winged grasshopper in Germany shift their acoustic signals to a higher pitch.
While singing louder and at a higher pitch are common responses, they are not the only adaptations that have been seen and several urban birds have started singing at different times. For example, European robins now sing at night in areas that are noisy during the day.
But what does all this mean for wildlife in the cities of the Anthropocene? It is clear that some species are able to adapt to noisy environments. These are the species that exhibit phenotypic plasticity, the generalists that can thrive in a wide range of environmental conditions and make use of different resources. More specialised species, those that are not able to adapt, face becoming locally extinct.
The generalists, the adaptors, are the species with the survival kits for the 21st century, the species many city-dwellers will see every day. Our noisy lives have unwittingly given these animals a helping hand.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
funkycoin
Offline
Activity: 56
Merit: 0
NewbieActivity: 56Merit: 0 Re: Competition - WIN a 50 x 500 Lottocoin Rapidballs voucher! January 02, 2014, 11:29:57 AM
Last edit: January 02, 2014, 11:49:33 AM by funkycoin #10
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=390797.0
Quote Coming up with a key branding statement is also important for your market development. To use two UK supermarket brand slogans illustrates how the corporate majors use their slogan to communicate their core message. 'Every Little Helps' [Tesco] and 'Good Food Costs less At Sainsbury's' [Sainsbury's]. Copy writing your coin's slogan with an original slant not only adds 'colour' to your brand it also blocks your competition from use of your slogan as they will simply be seen as 'copycats' if they describe their brand in the same way. Creating a brand slogan is like securing the prime real estate in your sector.
There is currently a bit of brand confusion with the current Lottogame slogan as the game part is currently directed at the miners and not the end user...
Unless you can build a random payout function that rewards the current holders of the coin.
here are a few I came up with earlier that I was going to put forward if I won the design competition.
HAVE YOU GOT THE BALLS TO WIN?
WIN THE LOT!
WIN BIG - WIN THE LOT!
HAVE YOU GOT THE BALLS TO PLAY?
LOTTOCOIN - THE COIN WITH BALLS
THE COIN WITH BALLS!
THE COIN WITH THE BALLS!
THE COIN WITH THE BALLS TO WIN!
LOTTOCOIN - TO THE MOON
'Lotto To The Moon' (although obvious) would be what I call a good transition slogan... it shows confidence in the brand for the initial investors and before it reaches the wider consumer marketplace... perhaps this could be used when promoting in the investor's environment while another slogan can be used when promoting in the general market. As suggested in my advice thread... adopting a good slogan secures the real estate and effectively blocks your competition from using the same slogan.
Will put my thinking cap on but good to see you took my advice and are now giving careful thought to the overall branding strategy for this great coin.
By the way I mentioned lottocoin on the thread as a good example of a coin that is superbly targeted towards its end user ! :-)
Quote Niche markets are great places to start and coins that have unique 'functions' are far better than just registering a name of the shelf, designing a logo and cloning the scrypt. Lottocoin is a great example of a coin that not only has the generic but also targets the very market it was built for. Lottocoin has gained a great community of followers who are now eager to see the coin succeed and forum members are busy helping the dev create games and get wider publicity.
here's my lotto wallet account for some bounty!
LzXC6DZ5Tv6p9mdcrugLZ79EZ71aVNoBWP
EVERY LITTLE HELPS!!!
Just as I suggested on my ALT branding thread a few days ago... a new slogan will really help give clarity and personality to the brand!There is currently a bit of brand confusion with the current Lottogame slogan as the game part is currently directed at the miners and not the end user...Unless you can build a random payout function that rewards the current holders of the coin.here are a few I came up with earlier that I was going to put forward if I won the design competition.'Lotto To The Moon' (although obvious) would be what I call a good transition slogan... it shows confidence in the brand for the initial investors and before it reaches the wider consumer marketplace... perhaps this could be used when promoting in the investor's environment while another slogan can be used when promoting in the general market. As suggested in my advice thread... adopting a good slogan secures the real estate and effectively blocks your competition from using the same slogan.Will put my thinking cap on but good to see you took my advice and are now giving careful thought to the overall branding strategy for this great coin.By the way I mentioned lottocoin on the thread as a good example of a coin that is superbly targeted towards its end user ! :-)here's my lotto wallet account for some bounty!LzXC6DZ5Tv6p9mdcrugLZ79EZ71aVNoBWP
The University of Copenhagen's (UCPH) pro-women gender policies have broken the law. This is according to an article in the Danish law journal Ugeskrift for Retsvæsen authored by UCPH history professor Hans Bonde and lawyer Jens Ravnkilde.
UCPH had a plan to increase the number of female professors between 2008 and 2013. It included a financial incentive to faculties that hired female professors in the form of a ‘bonus professorship' for either men or women. The plan has since been superseded by a new scheme that is also designed to increase the number of women professors.
Faculties that increased their numbers of female professors by five percent were rewarded with anything ranging from DKK 1 to 3 million depending on the size of the faculty. Ultimately, all of UCPH's faculties received this bonus.
Knows it was illegal
UCPH's faculties were to receive DKK 200,000 for five years for every female lecturer hired and double that for every female professor hired, making it completely cost-free for the entire duration of the plan.
But according to Bonde and Ravnkilde, there is no documentation that indicates that faculties have actually used these allocated funds to hire additional professors. Instead, Bonde and Ravnkilde suspect that the faculties have incorporated these bonuses into their regular budgets.
They write that despite the Gender Equality Plan being ‘a raging success on its own terms', UCPH has opted not to pursue the same programme any further. Bonde and Ravnkilde believe that the University of Copenhagen must know that the plan and the use of funds are legally questionable, and that this must be behind the decision to discontinue the plan.
Hire one, get two
At the Niels Bohr Institute at UCPH they've had a policy running for ten years that “gives women twice as big a chance of being hired as men,” the authors write in a press release.
From time to time, the Institute employs two candidates even if just one position is open by hiring the second-best candidate too, as long as it's a woman: “Women are hired if they're among the two best, whereas men only get hired if they are the very best,” say Bonde and Ravnkilde.
“The illegality [of the above] can be described like this: A position is open, but it is in reality two positions, where one is earmarked for women. This second position will remain untaken if the second choice is a man. Earmarking positions in favour of a specific gender is illegal according to Danish law.” say Bonde and Ravnkilde citing the equal opportunities law Chapter 2, § 2.
University: We need the women talent
In a release on the University of Copenhagen website, the university defends itself. It has ‘followed legislation and has received dispensation from the ministry in the cases where it was necessary. Rector Ralf Hemmingsen elaborates:
“The recruitment of talent is the lifeblood of the University of Copenhagen. It is therefore a serious problem, when one gender is so markedly under-represented. Then we lose talent. It is the reason why we emphasise getting more talented women to seek employment. This said, they should of course not be favoured, but live up to the application prerequsities and get the jobs in open competition, Ralf Hemmingsen says.
See the article in Ugeskrift for Retsvæsen by Hans Bonde and Jens Ravnkilde on the attached pdf file below this article.
universitypost@adm.ku.dk
Like us on Facebook for features, guides and tips on upcoming events. Follow us on Twitter for links to other Copenhagen academia news stories. Sign up for the University Post weekly newsletter here, and then follow the University Post on Instagram here.
The former chair claims Hillary has been controlling the DNC Victory Funds since before they got the nomination. Brazile also said the funding arrangement with HFA and the Victory Fund agreement was unethical and it compromised the party's integrity.
This is big news considering it was Donna Brazile who leaked debate questions to Hillary Clinton during the Democrat primary.
Now this…
Donna Brazile jumped ship in their new book and snitched on their pal Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Via Politico:
Before I called Bernie Sanders, I lit a candle in my living room and put on some gospel music. I wanted to center myself for what I knew would be an emotional phone call.
I had promised Bernie when I took the helm of the Democratic National Committee after the convention that I would get to the bottom of whether Hillary Clinton's team had rigged the nomination process, as a cache of emails stolen by Russian hackers and posted online had suggested. I'd had my suspicions from the moment I walked in the door of the DNC a month or so earlier, based on the leaked emails. But who knew if some of them might have been forged? I needed to have solid proof, and so did Bernie.
So I followed the money. My predecessor, Florida Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, had not been the most active chair in fundraising at a time when President Barack Obama's neglect had left the party in significant debt. As Hillary's campaign gained momentum, they resolved the party's debt and put it on a starvation diet. It had become dependent on their campaign for survival, for which they expected to wield control of its operations.
Debbie was not a good manager. They hadn't been very interested in controlling the party—she let Clinton's headquarters in Brooklyn do as it desired so they didn't have to inform the party officers how bad the situation was. How much control Brooklyn had and for how long was still something I had been trying to uncover for the last few weeks.
By September 7, the day I called Bernie, I had found my proof and it broke my heart.
The Saturday morning after the convention in July, I called Gary Gensler, the chief financial officer of Hillary's campaign. They wasted no words. They told me the Democratic Party was broke and $2 million in debt.
“What?” I screamed. “I am an officer of the party and they've been telling us everything is fine and they were raising money with no problems.”
That wasn't true, they said. Officials from Hillary's campaign had taken a look at the DNC's books. Obama left the party $24 million in debt—$15 million in bank debt and more than $8 million owed to vendors after the 2012 campaign and had been paying that off very slowly. Obama's campaign was not scheduled to pay it off until 2016. Hillary for America (the campaign) and the Hillary Victory Fund (its joint fundraising vehicle with the DNC) had taken care of 80 percent of the remaining debt in 2016, about $10 million, and had placed the party on an allowance.
CONGRATULATIONS TO DARYN McDERMID FOR WINNING THE BOOK GIVEAWAY!!!
Knickerbocker Glory: A distinctive layered cream sundae dessert, popular in the British Isles. Served in a signature tall, conical glass and eaten with a special long spoon, the Knickerbocker Glory is made by layering flavored creams (ice- and otherwise) along with meringues, syrups, nuts, fruit, and other confections.
So why would someone write a cookbook dedicated to the ice-cream sundae's obscure cousin? Because it's by far the most fun way to learn how to become a kitchen innovator! The knickerbocker glory is a perfect vehicle for understanding how flavors, textures, temperatures, and consistencies combine to turn a dish from “meh” to “WOW!”
Now we're giving away a copy! Just sign up for our mailing list by May 15th and you'll be entered to win your very own copy of Knickerbocker Glory: A Chef's Guide to Innovation In the Kitchen and Beyond. You'll also get delicious recipes, kitchen tips, and cool kitchen gadget reviews delivered right to your inbox!
No Purchase Necessary. Void Where Prohibited. Odds Depend on Number of Entrants.
To enter the sweepstakes without signing up for our mailing list, please send your name and email address to winmybook@theculinaryexchange.com. Please indicate in the email that you have read and agree with the official rules.
Official Rules Can Be Found Here… Giveaway Rules
The Culinary Exchange, LLC. Copyright 2016. All rights reserved.
The term "entrepreneur" was coined by Irish-French economist Richard Cantillon in the eighteenth century. It means "bearer of risk." It is that, for sure! Over the past five years, I've seen other words intertwined in the definition: independent, competitive, obsessed and passionate. Above all, it describes someone with the ability to mobilize people and then help them to understand a vision, so they can participate passionately along with the founder in feeling that their endeavor cannot fail!
For me, it is much more a mindset. Although Babo Botanicals is my core business, I've gotten so many lessons along the way on the spirit of doing business. Each learning experience has helped me develop the skills and confidence to lead a company.
My business education began in the U.S. Peace Corps. I had learned beekeeping from my father, and this became the foundation for of the work I would do in the Peace Corps. I lived in a small community, San Antonio Guaza, in Paraguay three hours from the capitol, Asuncion, with only one bus passing through each day. This tiny farming community was so tied to the earth that the seasons dictated what the people ate. I remember the juicy watermelon that cooled us off in the summer time, and the rich Mandioca that kept us warm in winter. There was no running water, and the entire experience altered the way I looked at agriculture and developing countries. I worked with the local farmers to build a sustainable beekeeping community. I've never tasted such glorious honey, straight from the nectar of the overflowing fruit trees, which seemed to hold some magic in their blossoms.
The beekeeping program was created in the spirit of empowering a community, and it was really my first entrepreneurial venture. I set a goal, created the plan of action, and then figured how to implement it. I even solicited a grant from the World Bank to help secure financing to execute my initiatives. Most of my most fulfilled workers were women.
My second business venture was creating and publishing a cookbook while in business school. I designed my own cover, solicited recipes from students and faculty and developed a marketing campaign to sell 5,000 copies. Proceeds were donated to a Chicago non-profit organization. My mother makes onion pie and flan from this cookbook to this day.
Both of these experiences were key to the process of developing Babo Botanicals. In sports, I was always competitive and good at mobilizing my teammates. When it came to personal care product development, the centerpiece of my mission was to develop the very best. Long before "LinkedIn," I knew to draw upon my concentric circles of professional relationships for technical and business support. I spent a decade working at large beauty companies developing brands and products-learning so much and developing valuable contacts. I had access to and developed relationships with wonderful, talented people, who gladly provided their services at an affordable cost. They got behind my vision and lent their expertise to help me create a product up to my high standards. This professional collaboration has been the most essential element of starting a company, and one which I feel very good about.
My chief designer was a colleague of mine from my time at Vichy. When I ran into them by chance at Grand Central Station, we got talking and I shared my idea for an all-natural family hair and skincare line. They were a new mom at the time, and the concept was especially exciting for them I was looking for a great designer, and here they are!
Instead of paying thousands of dollars to an ad agency, they charged me a friend's fee with the caveat that they would only be able to work between the hours of 4-6am (before their child woke up). Seven years later, and now with another child, they still hold the same hours and has maintained their affordable fee for their work. I respect their schedule, and they respect the fact we do not have L'Oréal type budgets. This model worked and now many of my employees are moms who have left their corporate jobs and are working independently as freelancers.
Since we launched our first products at Babo Botanicals over the past five years, I have gotten a real education. In this last month of extreme cold, I couldn't help but remember the winter our products went out into the world. It had taken me years to create this precious first shipment. As much as I had obsessed over the development of each product, I never planned nor even imagined that the day the products would make the journey from the farm where they were created to the store where they would be sold would be a day with the temperature of zero-degrees. With my first 20,000 bottles of shampoo loaded onto the truck on the coldest day of the year. I didn't know what would happen if they all froze solid.
Sure enough, the bottles lost their seal and leaked. I knew what I had to do, and really there was no other choice. I opened each bottle and cleaned it off myself. I shipped everything from my home and made sure every bottle looked perfect. I was happy for the opportunity to fix the "sub-zero" bottle problem for the next production run, but in the meantime, I tried to personally visit every one of the 100 stores involved in my launch, just to check that everything was ok. That was year one.
Year two, the company continued to grow, and I stubbornly insisted on doing everything alone. I felt no one could be as detail-oriented as I was. I was my best sales person, and I worked into the wee hours packing my own boxes and inputting the accounting into Quick books. I loved it. My bedroom started to look more like a warehouse with a bed in it. I'd even hand-deliver all local store orders because I was so grateful for their business. I still try to go into any store I pass that carries Babo to speak to the store personnel and make sure products look good. I learn so much when I do this and find it key to running and understanding the business.
Fortunately, I now have an amazing team of marketing, sales, and operational people. We have an efficient warehouse partner and real operational systems in place. Both are key to growth. I am so grateful to my team for helping the company grow with so much integrity and unified sense of our mission.
Over the years, my role has shifted. I am in charge of the product development, and I get to tap into the brains of the greatest botanists in the nation. I enjoy research and love working with plant ingredients. In the future, I look forward to stepping back a little more, in order to focus on the social goals of the company.
I am returning to Paraguay with my family this month to check up on my initiatives that started twenty years ago, and see how I can re-engage with the country and people that taught me so much. I am grateful for my experience there, and how it gave me confidence and taught me about hard labor, kindness, independence and forced me to be a self starter. With all this on my side, I hope I have many years of "risk bearing" ahead.
Follow the Flint Firebirds: Follow @flintfirebirds
Flint, Mich. – The Flint Firebirds Hockey Club announced today that the team has signed defenseman Vili Saarijärvi (pronounced Sar-A-Jar-Vee) to an Ontario Hockey League (OHL) contract.
Saarijärvi, a native of Rovaniemi, Finland, was drafted by the Detroit Red Wings in the 3rd round of the 2015 NHL Draft (73rd overall) prior to being selected by the Firebirds in the 1st round (9th overall) of the CHL Import Draft on June 30 and will play in Flint for the 2015-16 season.
“I want to thank the Firebirds organization for picking me in the [CHL] Import Draft and giving me an opportunity to play in one of the best hockey leagues in the world,” said Saarijärvi. “This is a first class organization and I could not be more excited to play in a hockey city like Flint.”
After skating in the Red Wings development camp in Traverse City, Mich. in July, Saarijärvi competed with the U-20 Finnish National Team against the United States and Sweden national programs in Lake Placid, NY in early August.
Flint Firebirds General Manager Terry Christensen said, “the Detroit Red Wings scouting history, especially in Europe, has been second to none. Given that they felt good enough about Vili's abilities as a player and their character and that they could potentially play for their club one day, shows a stamp of approval on a player that we were highly interested in.”
Saarijarvi was also chosen as the Most Valuable Defenseman in the prestigious 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U18 World Championships in April, where Team Finland captured the Silver Medal in the championship contest played against Team USA.
Last season, the 5-foot-10, 165-pound defenseman recorded 23 points in 57 games played tallying six goals and adding 17 assists with the Green Bay Gamblers in the United States Hockey League (USHL).
Saarijärvi signed a three-year, entry-level contract with the Red Wings on July 3, 2015 and will skate in the Detroit Red Wings Training Camp and the NHL Prospects Tournament at Centre Ice Arena in Traverse City, from Friday, Sept. 11 to Tuesday, Sept. 15.
“Our goal with Vili is the same as every player on our roster, and that's doing everything that we can, to provide an environment for them to develop and reach the goals that they set for themselves in the game of hockey,” added Christensen.
Firebirds individual and season ticket packages for the 2015-16 inaugural season are on sale now and can be purchased at the Dort Federal Event Center Box Office, Monday thru Friday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. (ET) or online at Ticketmaster.com. More information on tickets can be found at FlintFirebirds.com or by calling Mary Nagy at the Box Office at (810) 744-0580. Opening night is Saturday, Sep. 26, versus the Saginaw Spirit.
For media inquiries, contact:
Dominic Hennig
Director of Broadcasting & Communications
dominic@flintfirebirds.com
(810) 742-2004
In an essay published on XOJane last week, one Brittany Tony lamented the fact that they hate to admit that she's a Republican staffer, because of the “stigma” attached to being a Republican. You know, like not giving a fuck about poor people, thinking gay people don't deserve the same rights as them, attacking a woman's right to choose, and trying to make it harder for black people to vote. They simply cannot believe that the people in those groups affected by their voting choices might not think so highly of them
Personally, yes, I think Republicans should be embarrassed to admit to being Republicans. It's an embarrassing thing to be. When I was a kid I honestly didn't think people actually admitted to being Republicans, because it just seemed really vulgar to be so forthcoming with one's dislike of poor people. I was surprised to find, as I grew older, that people were not quite as embarrassed to sound like villains in a Dickens novel as I would have imagined.
But let's parse this bullshit out, shall we?
However, my confident world came crashing down at a friend's 24th birthday party. Between cinnamon roll shots and bites from the turkey and cheese platter, the group's conversation turned from the latest gossip toward the concept of blowing off steam from a stressful workweek. Nothing prepared me for the reaction I received when I uttered the six words, “I work for a Republican member of congress.” My new gay acquaintance, with whom I had been chatting the whole night, abruptly cleared their throat and walked away, while the remaining party guests who heard my comment bombarded me with a series of assumptions and questions, like how could I vote for Sarah Palin, why I was in favor of global warming, and whether I considered myself a feminist even though I'm against women's rights. In the conversation that followed, my confidence evaporated, and I was reduced back to the stringy-haired, freckle-faced kid of middle school. I was no longer the poised, accomplished woman I was 15 minutes before. Instead, I felt like a mortified child who just got ejected from the cool kids table.
Good for him! Honestly– why the hell should they want to talk to you, Brittany, when your party is actively working to try to make it so they will never get to marry the person they love? When they are arguing that businesses should be allowed to discriminate against them if they do? When they are still insisting that people like them shouldn't be allowed to be Boy Scout troop leaders, because they are all probably child molesters?
All of those things actually affect their lives in a much more meaningful way than being dissed at a cocktail party affects yours. I don't care if you don't personally have a problem with gay people or not. In fact, if you're not a bigot, then I question your judgment here even more. Are tax breaks for the rich really so important to you that you are cool with voting and working for people who seek to make their life harder because of their sexual orientation? If so, then no–there is no reason that they should be giving you the time of day.
Also, yeah, your party is screwing us all on global warming and women's rights. Surprise! We're not too happy about it! This is not about ejecting you from the cool kids table, this is about your actions having consequences. Other than, you know, limiting people's rights and destroying the environment.
Why does everyone assume that all conservatives are homosexual hating, gun-toting Tea Partiers who demand President Obama's birth certificate?
Well, firstly, because that's who you're voting for. If you're not that, it is–again–awfully strange that you would be voting Republican in the first place. There are no “moderate” Republicans anymore. Nixon would be too liberal for you people now, as would Bob Dole. Your people now? They laughed at Bob Dole when they stopped by in their little wheelchair to beg them to support an United Nations treaty to ban discrimination against disabled people. Why? Because they thought it was some kind of New World Order Agenda 21 thing that would undermine American sovereignty. They are, for lack of a better term, motherfucking nuts.
At what point did the Republican Party become classified as the rich white people party?
Well, dear, that goes back quite a while. But you might be familiar with a fella named Ronald Reagan! Does the term “Welfare Queen” mean anything to you? Ronald Reagan basically made up a whole entire fantasy about alllllllllll these black women living high on the hog by continually having babies in order to get more government checks. You know what? They were pretty much just talking about one lady who was convicted of welfare fraud. But they used that incident (welfare fraud is actually very rare) to attack the social safety net that helped millions of people out of poverty.
Reagan's “solution” to poverty? Trickle-down economics. Cutting taxes for the rich, believing that they would then spend that money and it would trickle down to everyone. Which did not, for the record, happen–because rich people very much like to keep their money. To this day, you've got assholes like Louis Gohmert insisting that poor people are totally out to screw you and buying all the king crab legs with their SNAP cards. Sorry, but I'm a lot more worried about bankers screwing us then poor people. They cost us a lot more.
Oh! And not to mention your beloved Romney with their 47% schtick. That wasn't too charming either.
As for the white people part of that? That actually goes back to Hoover, who was the first Republican to employ what would later be called the “Southern Strategy.” They were running against a Catholic, and thus started cozying up to the KKK in order to win Southern votes, because the KKK hated Catholics almost as much as they hated black people.
Then there was Goldwater's opposition to the Civil Rights Act, Nixon's Southern Strategy, and so on. Like even today with many prominent Republicans defending police brutality against black people, and trying to make it harder for them to vote. I mean, you don't have to be a crazy racist to vote for a Republican, but you're not really going to find any crazy racists who don't vote Republican. Sorry. There's a reason for that.
And please. Don't point to Lincoln, OK? If the only example you can come up with of your party being on the right side of history happened 150 years ago, that doesn't count anymore. You cannot ride on that train forever, and I can't do anything with 150 years ago. Besides, if you'll notice, you may have a hard time finding anyone sporting a Confederate flag these days who don't vote Republican. Who you are now matters.
Are we all ignorant of the true roots of the Republican party—how we are a political group that favors laissez-faire economic policies rather than government regulation; how we support corporate tax breaks that lead to job creation in place of stronger entitlements; how we believe in equality for every American, even the Americans still within their mothers' wombs?
None of those things work for us, sorry. Laissez-faire economic policies and tax breaks for corporations are not good things for anyone except for rich people. Do you think rich people are not rich enough right now to create jobs that pay well? Because the richest 1% in this country have 40% of the wealth in it. Can they get on that soon or do they need even more money? Exactly how much more money do you think they're going to need before they are going to be able to create some jobs that pay a living wage? Because 14.5% of the country is living beneath the poverty line right now, and I bet you all 45 million of those people would just love some decent paying jobs so they can eat and pay rent.
Also, yeah–regulation isn't a bad thing–we're all pretty fond of laws that make it so you can't put arsenic in your face cream. And no, you do not believe in equality for every American, unless you consider LGBT people to all be danged foreigners. Also we're pretty happy with having reproductive justice for all women, not simply those who could afford to go to a different country to have a safe and legal abortion were it to become illegal here.
Tony goes on to talk about how all of their personal beliefs don't align perfectly with what the Republican Party believes in, citing support for some gun control laws and opposition to the death penalty, and how all Republicans don't oppose same-sex marriage, so why can't we all just get along etc. etc. They even throw in a little story about the time they met a black Republican.
It makes no difference to me what they believe, personally–it matters what they are voting for, because that actually affects my life and the lives of those I care about. And if they are voting for things that hurt me and mine, then I don't give a flying crap what their personal feelings are on anything whatsoever. Existence precedes essence, actions speak louder than words. For someone who makes a big display of how “into” politics they are, it appears that they have never realized that their decisions at the voting booth can affect peoples lives in dreadful ways. Not just “made up” ways like “death panels” and such.
I am getting really tired with this Republican whining about how it's not fair that they're not “cool,” and how the mean liberals hoard all the coolness from them or whatever. Enough already. Those of us who are negatively affected by the laws your party supports have much bigger problems than worrying about who gets to be the Fonz.
[XOJane]
Tradies have been banned from loading zones across the City of Perth after changes to parking laws excluded their vehicles.
The laws, overhauled in February, changed the definition of a “commercial vehicle” to include only vehicles from businesses whose primary service was delivering goods.
While stockists, couriers, florists and pizza delivery drivers are allowed to use the bays, the changes mean tradies, real estate agents and removalists face a $100 fine.
KTA Electrical Services owner Ken Abbotsford, who has worked in the CBD and used loading bays for 30 years, said they first learnt about the law when one of their employees, Chris Ialeggio, was fined.
Mr Abbotsford said the City of Perth should have advertised the new laws and changed signs to indicate trade vehicles were excluded from loading zones.
Camera Icon KTA Electrical Services employees Brendan Mayer and Chris Ialeggio in the Perth CBD. Picture: Picture: Simon Santi, Simon Santi/The West Australian.
“ I think Perth city council are profiting on something that from a moral point of view is ridiculous,” they said.
“If you're breaking the law, that's fine, but there should be some sort of sign there saying ‘no trades vehicles'.” Mr Abbotsford said the changes would “dramatically” affect their business. “If there's a business or resident at a building in Perth and you're servicing them, you're going to pay more because it's going to take us more time,” they said. “That's what I thought loading zones were there for — unloading something in front of a building.”
A City of Perth spokesperson said the council clarified the definition of commercial vehicles because drivers were not following time limits.
“The Parking Local Laws needed to be adapted to suit current accessibility requirements,” they said.
“Despite extensive public consultation, the city acknowledges that some motorists may not be aware of the changes and as such the city instructed parking officers to issue cautions for the first offence against any vehicle that was previously permitted to utilise loading zones but no longer qualifies.”
Premier Kathleen Wynne thinks Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown has to take tougher action to deal with an eastern Ontario MPP for their misogynist comments.
Brown moved this week to demote MPP Jack MacLaren as the PC caucus eastern Ontario representative over a crude, sexist joke they told about a Liberal MP and for posting fake constituent testimonials on their website.
But Wynne strongly suggests she'd have kicked MacLaren out of the Liberal caucus for their comments about Liberal MP Karen McCrimmon at a fundraising event the two attended recently near Ottawa.
They call MacLaren's language and behaviour unacceptable and says it "fuels misogyny."
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne suggests MacLaren be kicked out of the PC caucus the same week they were removed as the eastern Ontario representative for the caucus. (David Donnelly/CBC) McCrimmon , weeks after the event. MacLaren eventually offered an apology to, weeks after the event.
But Wynne says they would have expected a much more public apology and a more serious discussion about whether they should stay in the PC caucus.
Brown says they were quite upset with MacLaren and the PC caucus was disappointed with "the totality of these events," but agreed on the internal demotion as an appropriate punishment.
You get back home after a long ugly day at work. All you want to do is crawl under your blanket and wallow in your sorrows. But as soon as you open your door, there they come, running, with their tongue out and tail wagging at the speed of light. Before you can even set your bags down they are all over you, telling you in their ‘woof' language that they missed you so very much and that you mean the world to him. At that very moment, you forget all about your worries and you feel nothing but just pure unadulterated love. That warmth is truly incomparable.
Ahh… Pets bring us such joy! Having one at home is enough to bring together your otherwise dysfunctional family. These four-legged fur balls are surely the culprits that soften your otherwise hardened heart. Their love for you and your family is truly unconditional and their faithfulness as strong as diamonds.
Unfortunately, there are many abandoned pets at rescue centers that are looking to brighten up someone's humble or palatial abode. They are waiting for their masters to come and take them home. Also, the lack of awareness among people about where and how to find such pets is also posing as a barrier in the process.
Well the good news is that there is a new mobile app on your app store called Woof Rescue that beautifully addresses this issue. It not only makes people aware but also gives them access to where and how they can adopt these munchkins. With Woof, find the love of your life at your local pet shelter.
Meet The Genius Samaritans of Woof!
This start-up was co-founded by Mark Wade, Ari Krzyzek and Debbie Stefko. They must be truly passionate about pets to even start an app that helps the noble cause of finding them beautiful homes.
“Our team came together after a win of Startup Weekend Chicago in June of 2014, which is a forum for people to share ideas and begin a startup over 54-hours in a single weekend. Most of the people from the weekend had full-time jobs and were unable to continue. However, I decided to pursue the dream of building a business full-time to help pet owners. Ari and Debbie committed to help in any way they could with the project despite their full-time jobs elsewhere. I am an iOS developer, Ari is our designer and Debbie does business analysis”, says Mark.
Know Woof Better!
This app is here to make a powerful difference and strongly believes in the motto ‘Don't shop for your next pet…. Please ADOPT'.
The mission of Woof Rescue is to help people find the love of their lives at a local pet shelter. According to the Humane Society, only 30% of pets in homes come from shelters or rescues. As a company, they aim at increasing the number of adopted pets by raising public awareness of how great it can be to rescue a pet. They wish to approach this by showing detailed information along with beautiful photos of the pets in a mobile phone app which was released in November, 2014.
Also, as per Humane Society an estimated 3 to 4 million dogs and cats are euthanized each year because they aren't adopted. The team through Woof is trying to solve this very serious problem.
“People love to look at pictures of cute pets. Our solution allows people to see thousands of pets on their smart phone, and the beauty is that they are all adoptable. The lives of individuals and families are greatly enhanced through pet ownership, as are the lives of the pets who have often had a traumatic life which led to being in a shelter”, adds the team.
What Inspired This Noble Idea?
The idea of building a “Tinder for pet adoption” came about during Start-up Weekend Chicago. The team built a prototype during the weekend and won the competition when a panel of 4 judges voted on Sunday after 54-hours of work. It turned out there was already an app that used the Tinder card-flipping interface for showing pets. Therefore, a new design approach was taken when the business was started post that weekend with the members of the team who were committed to bringing the idea to life.
On Challenges Faced & Competitors
The biggest hurdle for the team was monetizing Woof in an environment where so many apps are free. Also a continuing challenge has been bringing together the team members who want to participate in building the start-up, when they are still dedicated to their full-time jobs in other industries.
As far as competition goes, there are a number of companies trying to help as Woof Rescue is. The majority of the apps that are available are powered by Pet Finder data, and they have a mobile app of their own. However, the team chose to obtain their pet data from a company that is smaller, but much more nimble and responsive to the needs of shelters and to those that are trying to bring awareness to these pets.
One result of this is that, Woof Rescue is at an advantage of offering a search by primary breed which other apps are not doing effectively. Also the team has been highly responsive and has already had two major releases in a month's time.
On Expansion Plans
“The ultimate goal is to make the Woof brand synonymous with pet care. When someone thinks of adopting a pet, we should be the first place they look. When they think of any pet needs, Woof should be the brand they look to for those services, or a reliable reference to, who can provide those services. Our expansion plans include generally any area which can benefit pet owners to make their experience more fulfilling. Specifically, we are looking at each potential service one-by-one to see where the opportunities exist,” says the team.
On The Journey So Far & Target Audience
Within the first month of launch and with very limited advertising, Woof already reached a base of over 1,000 users. The early adopters of the app have generally been people who are passionate about pet rescues.
As the Woof brand becomes more familiar, the team wants people who hadn't considered adoption to think about it. They want the users to be a part of the solution to reduce homeless pets and in the process enhance their own lives by rescuing a pet.
“Our audience for the upcoming services will vary based on the service, but will typically be busy professionals and families who need a little assistance in caring for their pet”, adds the team.
On Plans of Monetizing
The next release of the app will introduce a freemium model which is supported by in-app native advertisements from both local businesses and national brands. The team wants to keep Woof Rescue classy without too many ads, but will use the funds raised to support expanded promotion of the app through media and event sponsorship. In their upcoming services, the team also plans on generating revenue through referral fees.
For all you people out there, who are looking to enrich their lives with pets, do consider Woof Rescue. It is free to download and available on your app store. Be the change and adopt a lovely bundle of joy from the pet shelter near you instead of ‘shopping for one'. Give these rescue pets a change to love you unconditionally.
To know more about this awesome app, do make it a point to visit: http://woofapp.com
