Last Thursday, California legislators filed a joint resolution formally urging Congress to pass a law reclassifying cannabis [tweet this]. While a long shot, this move could have massive implications on everything from research to civil rights to banking.
What's going on? Marijuana is currently known as a Schedule I drug -- the most restrictive -- with the federal government claiming it's abusive and has “no known medical use” (cough, bullshit, cough).
In 1970, the government cracked down on pot by classifying it as Schedule I -- comparing it to heroin, claiming it's more dangerous than meth, and restricting it to the fullest extent of the law. Though the bill was intended to be temporary until more research was done, the classification prevented that same research from happening. Add in Nixon, racism, and political apathy and you get modern day prohibition.
Though numerous attempts have been made to re-classify it since then, hearing it from the 6th largest economy in world might finally make the government take notice.
Why is this important? If Congress listens to California, the floodgates will open on cannabis research, finance and even civil rights.
One of the largest fallouts from a Schedule I classification is the inability to conduct large-scale research on the drug. This leads to a whole lot of bunk science and general ignorance. Also, national banks fear that opening cannabis-related bank accounts might break federal law. This causes the industry to be intensely cash-heavy and creates major issues and unnecessary danger. Finally, some have claimed the scheduling of the drug leads to major civil rights violations, unfairly treating those with a medical necessity.
So, will it actually happen? Fortune cookie says….Maybe! While it may be difficult in a Republican-controlled Congress, the country is moving that way anyway, so many believe it's an eventuality.
Either way, states have adopted their own rules, counting on the government to look the other way. So fear not, Californians...even if the feds are square, your local government is still the best smoke buddy you can wish for 🌬️ .
Climate change is melting the glaciers in iconic Glacier National Park, according to scientists, who warn that the majestic natural formations could disappear entirely within our lifetime.
The park, which celebrated its 107th anniversary on Thursday, boasted 150 glaciers in the late 19th century; today, only 26 meet the 25-acre threshold to be considered glaciers.
That's according to U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) data released Wednesday, which finds that as global temperatures have increased, the park's major "named" glaciers have shrunk by an average of 39 percent—and some by as much as 85 percent—since 1966. While the loss in Montana "is more severe than some other places in the U.S., it is in line with trends that have been happening on a global scale," said Portland State University geologist Andrew G. Fountain, who partnered with the USGS on the multi-year study.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
In addition to decimating Glacier's namesake attractions, "[t]he park-wide loss of ice can have ecological effects on aquatic species by changing stream water volume, water temperature, and run-off timing in the higher elevations of the park," said lead USGS scientist Dr. Daniel Fagre.
What's more, the Guardian reported, "[t]he disappearance of glaciers in Montana is part of a broader loss that will see all glaciers [...] largely vanish from the lower 48 states of America by the mid point of the century," according to Farge.
"It's inevitable that we will lose them all over the next few decades," Farge told the Guardian. "The Colorado glaciers started melting before Montana's and while there are larger glaciers in the Pacific northwest that will hold on longer, the number vanishing will steadily grow until none are left."
A 3D printed drone is tested by a U.S. Marines. The system Marines recently tested was designed by the U.S. Army Research Lab with the goal of providing specific tools to soldiers as they need them in the field. U.S. Marine Corps photo
Oct. 4 (UPI) -- U.S Marines have tested small 3D-printed drones to demonstrate their flexibility and usefulness to troops in the field.
The testing of the additive-manufactured vehicles, supplied by the U.S. Army Research Laboratory, took place late last month at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina.
"At this point we are focusing on intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance missions," Eric Spero, a team leader in the vehicle technology directorate of the U.S. Army Research Lab, said in a press release. "We have different cameras such as an infrared and a day camera; there are different things we can do like stream the video to systems or a heads-up display and record it for later viewing."
Unlike systems already in use by the U.S. military, the 3D-produced unmanned aircraft can be quickly manufactured.
RELATED Marine Corps testing mobile 3D printing lab
A catalogue of drones from researchers enables troops to select an SUAS tailored to fit the needs of their mission, download information on the aircraft, and then 3D-print its parts before constructing the drone -- all within 24 hours.
"Basically what we are doing is combining two emerging technologies," said John Gerdes, a mechanical engineer at the U.S. Army Research Lab. "We have taken 3D printing and quad-copters and created a means of giving troops a customized vehicle right when they need it, with the capabilities they need from it, on demand."
"These craft are the future because they're protected by obsolescence. We are able to give troops the technology almost immediately by printing new parts and making slight adjustments so they will always have a craft that is able to complete the mission."
I think here would be a good spot for a quick look back. My name is Layla, Layla Derelict. I turned down an awesome job managing a huge resort in Isla Paradiso in order to honor my grandmother's dying wish – to come back to the childhood farm and take care of it. Protect it, they said. I figured they were just rambling because of the morphine. Little did I know at the time, but pretty soon the gorgeous farmland I now call home would be crawling with the living dead.
Enter Sheriff Sergio Quezada. He's a sexy, dark, brooding type of guy – just my type to secretly pine after. Too bad they think I'm totally nuts. I've called them out to my house after I was nearly attacked by a dead, naked woman with messed up teeth. They didn't find anything and basically told me that without proof, he's no better than a pacifist in a war.
They did call me just an hour ago, though, and tell me to be careful and stay in my house. They sounded nervous, like he'd found something in their investigation. They told me to lock the doors and not move unit they got there. Why didn't I listen?
Damon. An ex boyfriend who went missing three years ago, supposedly. Well, they showed up again, just to give me some creepy ass messages about ‘waiting for my return' or some crap. All I know is they are freaking me out and they keep popping up places. Pretty weird for someone who's supposed to be a missing person.
Enter Jeremie Oakes. I knew them from my past, but that isn't a good thing. My memory, which is sixteen years old, has them looking just as they do now. He's all but admitted to having powers outside of this realm of understanding. Oh, they also say their clan, or fold, or whatever, are interested in me. In me! I am as lame as things get!
Damon follows Jeremie's every command. I am still trying to figure that one out. I would have asked, but around that time, I got the wind knocked out of me – all because of blonde hair and a voice I never really knew but somehow couldn't forget.
My mother. Angelina Derelict. They had never been around – my grandma said they ran after I was born, but the way they look at me… I don't believe it. Them eyes know me and I feel as if I know her, too.
She's beautiful and gentle and sweet.  They are everything anyone could want in a mother. Except for the fact that they have the same sallow skin as Damon, the same fangs, the same glowing eyes. I don't like how they look at Jeremie. As if they owe them everything.
There is so much to ask, so much to say. But instead of doing any of that, I go upstairs, get changed, and pack a duffel-bag. When I come back downstairs, I sit in the living room and all eyes turn to me. Jasper seems unconcerned and has plopped themselves on the hardwood, licking their paws clean.
“I have to go soon. The Sheriff will be here,” I mumble, feeling like an idiot.
Angelina smiles softly. “We will wait for you both to leave before departing. I do not believe the police would overlook the fact that two people, previously resumed missing and dead, are walking out to the ferry.”
I tried to smile but grimaced. “How… how are you two… here?”
“We told you that Jeremie has the power to bring back the dead,” Damon insisted, their tone excited as they spread their arms. “And here we are. Risen.”
“At what cost?” I whispered. Both they and Angelina looked down to their laps while Jeremie smiled.
A knock from the front door startled me out of my chair. “Out the back,” I hissed, opening the backdoor and watching the three file out.
“We will speak more when you return,” Jeremie said graciously, standing and stalking out the back door. Angelina and Damon followed closely.
Once we were all outside, Jeremie reached out and took Angelina's hand in one of his. I could tell they didn't like the touch, but they did nothing to shake out of it. Damon placed a hand on Angelina's other shoulder, their lips tilted into a smirk.
“How will you know when I'm back?” I asked, trying not to see the anger in Angelina's once placid face.
Jeremie smiled and lifted their hand. They snapped once and their three framed winked out of existence before my eyes.
The sound of footsteps slamming down the porch made me reel around. The dark blur moving toward me slowly took shape into the Sheriff, and they were calling my name with something like alarm in theirs voice.
“What the hell are you doing outside?” they demanded, nearly colliding with me. They reached out, hands butterfly soft against my face and then my hands. “Are you alright? What happened?”
I pulled my hands away from their quickly, jittery. “Nothing,” I answered dully. I never liked to lie, especially not to police officers. “I thought I heard something out here but there… the wasn't anything. Just the horses. I need to get them to the stable.”
“I'll do it,” they offered. “Just get your dog rounded up and your bags. Meet me at my truck, got it?”
I nodded quickly and retreated into the house, my mouth dry. For the first time all day, I was thinking about something other than the weird shit that kept happening around me. I was thinking about Sheriff Quezada's hands on mine and how amazingly, deliciously wrong it would be to have it happen again.
…
The ride into town was painfully awkward, although I prided myself in not asking anything about hand holding. I also managed to think about the Sheriff wearing underwear only twice. Okay, three times. Still, it's a massive feat. He's hot and their cologne was something like a spicy, musty mix of man and woods.
We drove through town and took a ferry across to another small islet on the other side of the mainland. I had never noticed the house out here. I'm not sure if I even knew this islet was here.
It didn't look like much from the outside, but anything was better than being out in the cold sprinkles that had started up.
“It's one of our safe houses,” Sergio informed me over the roar of the ferry boat and Jasper's excited yips as water splashed the windows. “No one aside from the state department and our agency knows it's out here. You should be safe, but just to be sure, I'm going to be sticking close by.”
The rain died off long enough for us to disembark from the ferry. Jasper started digging holes immediately but I was more curious about my temporary home. The beach was tiny, but more than enough room for two. Well, two and a dog. I might even learn how to fish…
The bungalow was sparse but well supplied. The kitchen had enough food for a post-apocalypse, a small table for eating, and a couch, two chairs, and a tv. The bedroom was sparse – a queen bed, dresser, and mirror. The bathroom was a bathroom – not much to report there.
“I'll be here on the couch,” Sergio was saying as they led me into the back bedroom. “You and the dog can take the bedroom. Leave the door unlocked, I want to be able to check in on you if I need to.”
“The couch doesn't look too comfortable,” I mumbled, instantly regretting it. “I mean… we can take turns. Like, I get the bed one night, you are the next?”
They kind of half smiled at me and shook their head. “Don't worry about it. Half of my marriage was spent on a couch a lot less comfortable than this one.” They nodded goodnight and went out into the main room, leaving me pondering their words.
Jasper was in bed and fast asleep before I had even changed into my negligee. Sometimes I wished I was a dog. At least then I wouldn't have weird people flocking to me all hours of the day – and night.
Sighing, I slipped into the cold bed, snuggling into the starched pillow case. “Night, Jasper,” I murmured.
A soft doggy snore was my only answer.
…
I woke up at the butt-crack of dawn with Jasper whining to be let outside. I didn't want to wake Sergio (he was super adorable while they slept), so I changed into my swimsuit and layered some clothes over it, opened the door quietly, and slipped out of the house.
Jasper did their business, delighting in kicking sand everywhere afterward. We then went out onto the dock, soaking up the early morning rays and watching nurse sharks cruise by in the shallows.
I began to dose off, the heat and the sound of the ocean just the right amount of soothing. I think I dreamed, because every time I opened my eyes, I saw my mother's face –
monstrous and looming-
their mouth curled into a snarl.
How their teeth would feel on my skin, draining all my blood.
How lifeless I would look when Sergio found me, drained and dead.
I woke myself up yelling. My heart was still beating and pumping blood. I was fine. I was fine.
It took me a good thirty minutes of reminding myself that I was alive before I really believed it. About that time, Sergio came out dressed like an average guy on an average day. They were carrying a plate of something that smelled heavenly.
“Hey,” they greeted with a faint smile, setting the plate on the cooler next to me. “You need to stay inside unless I'm out here with you. I can't really protect you otherwise.”
“I have a feeling you can't protect me from myself,” I grumbled.
“What?”
“Nothing,” I signed, kicking my feet over the side of the lounger.
“How about some waffles?” they offered, sounding like they were really trying to keep the mood light. Thank God they didn't press about my big mouth, or hear me scream, or notice the sweat soaking my arms.
“Waffles? Sounds delightfully mundane. A.k.a., amazing.”
They raised an eyebrow but didn't press. They grabbed the plate and took my elbow with their free hand, steering me toward the house. I let them touch me and pretended it was more intimate than just making sure I didn't lose my footing.
Maybe someday….
Advertisements
Robert is expected to command a multimillion-dollar bonus, and because they were cleared to sign before June 15, several teams who exceeded their 2016-17 bonus pool amount -- a list that includes the A's, Astros, Braves, Cardinals, Nationals, Padres and Reds -- remain in play to sign him. Those clubs will not be able to sign international prospects for more than $300,000 during the next international signing period that starts July 2. There are other notable teams that are already out of the mix.
The race to sign top Cuban outfield prospect Luis Robert is officially underway.
Robert is expected to command a multimillion-dollar bonus, and because they were cleared to sign before June 15, several teams who exceeded their 2016-17 bonus pool amount -- a list that includes the A's, Astros, Braves, Cardinals, Nationals, Padres and Reds -- remain in play to sign him. Those clubs will not be able to sign international prospects for more than $300,000 during the next international signing period that starts July 2. There are other notable teams that are already out of the mix.
Whichever team signs Robert, the 19-year-old phenom likely won't reach the big leagues until 2019 at the earliest. Yoan Moncada, another five-tool prospect who signed out of Cuba at age 19, was on an extremely fast track, making their Major League debut late last year, less than 18 months after signing with Boston.
Where will Robert land? Let's take a look at the top candidates.
The favorites
White Sox: The young and talented Robert appears to be the perfect type of player for a rebuilding team that doesn't expect to contend until 2019. Chicago signed first baseman Jose Abreu out of Cuba in 2013 and traded for top Cuban outfield prospect Moncada in December, building a reputation as one of the most aggressive teams on the international market. Also, the White Sox are not in the penalty for exceeding their bonus pool amount during the current international signing period, which means it might have the millions it will take to sign a player like Robert at their disposal. Another thing to consider -- Chicago has not been linked to any high-profile prospects for the next international signing period that starts July 2, which bodes well if the White Sox enter the maximum penalty and cannot sign players for more than $300,000 if they blow past their current pool amount by signing Robert.
• International Amateur Free Agency & Bonus Pool Money
Padres: San Diego is already on the hook for close to $80 million, including overage penalties, for 45 prospects signed during the current international signing period, and the Padres have shown a willingness to invest millions to help their future. The club has a recent history with Cubans, having already signed left-handed pitcher Adrian Morejon for $11 million, outfielder Jorge Ona ($7 million), right-handers Michel Baez ($3 million), left-hander Osvaldo Hernandez ($2.5 million), Ronald Bolanos ($2.25 million) and left-handed pitcher Ramon Perez ($400,000) during the current international period. Could Robert be next?
Cardinals: St. Louis has been busy on the international market, spending around $11 million during the current international signing period on 26 prospects, including Cuban players Jonatan Machado ($2.35 million), Randy Arozarena ($1.25 million) and pitcher Johan Oviedo ($1.9 million). And it's no secret the Cardinals have been keeping their eyes on Robert for several months. Their addition could provide an immediate boost to an organization in need of a talent infusion, especially when considering the Cards have limited draft picks in the 2017 Draft, and will be in the maximum penalty during the upcoming international signing period that starts July 2.
Reds: Cincinnati signed two Cuban players -- shortstop Alfredo Rodriguez for $7 million and pitcher Vladimir Gutierrez for $4.75 million -- during the current international signing period, and the Reds have emerged as one of the most active teams on the international market in recent years. Including penalties, the club has committed close to $20 million on more than 20 international prospects since July 2, and it has shown it will invest in what it believes is the right player for the organization. That said, Cincinnati knows Robert is a high-profile player and is not sure it would win a bidding war.
Astros: Houston spent close to $9 million on 27 international prospects since the signing period began last July, a list that includes Cuban pitcher Cionel Perez ($2.5 million) and Cuban shortstop Anibal Sierra ($1.5 million). The total commitment is already more than $15 million when overage penalties are included. Yes, the Astros were present at Robert's open showcase and have watched them work out privately, but the price will have to be right for them to invest in another young outfielder. The club already has tons of outfield depth in the organization with players like Derek Fisher, Teoscar Hernandez and Preston Tucker at Triple-A Fresno and Drew Ferguson, Alejandro Garcia and Ramon Laureano at Double-A Corpus Christi. Houston's system is also stacked with outfielders at the Class A levels.
The dark horse
A's: Oakland spent $5.6 million on three prospects -- Cuban outfielder Lazaro Armenteros, along with Dominican shortstops Yerdel Vargas and Marcos Brito -- and committed more than $10 million on the international market since July 2, when the overage penalty for exceeding its bonus pool amount is included. The's have shown strong interest in Robert and could surprise the industry by signing the young outfielder. Remember, it was Oakland that shocked the baseball world by signing Yoenis Cespedes, at the time considered the most complete player to ever come out of Cuba, to a four-year, $36 million deal in 2012.
Out of the running
The Angels, Blue Jays, Cubs, D-backs, Dodgers, Rays, Red Sox, Royals and Yankees are limited to signing a player for $300,000 or less during the current signing period, putting those teams out of the running for Robert.
Three minutes into this new video from Microsoft's Ignite conference and we already hear “Yes, we are committed to the Windows 10 Mobile operating system”. Sound's promising, doesn't it? But to many, these are just words. Where is that commitment Microsoft so fond of touting? Don't worry. Microsoft is already teasing Windows 10 Mobile fans with exciting new features with this clip from Ignite 2016.
However, before fans get too excited, remember that this is a business conference. Microsoft continues to temper expectations by way of vague rhetoric, the company may or may not have some consumer-facing features prepared for users later on, but that is something we won't hear over at Ignite. You can watch the whole video below, or scroll past it to see a breakdown of features and news revealed:
Breakdown
The video starts with some general chit-chat about Windows 10 Mobile and continues with showcasing all the brands that have embraced Windows 10 Mobile, like in the picture shown below. Microsoft continues to show some Windows phones, and then a shout out is made to the HP Elite x3, saying that it is a ‘truly great device'.
The Microsoft Employee narrating the video then proceeds to Continuum features. They start with something interesting, saying that “if configured correctly”, Continuum may work over other people's lock screens. If you don't understand what that means, imagine your friend has a computer, and you have a Windows 10 phone that supports Continuum. You want to surf some web or write a document on a PC, but they don't want you to use their personal login. You should be able to connect with your phone, over MiraCast, to that PC, and use all your files and apps from the phone on their screen.
Next up is WIP (not to be confused with the Windows Insider Program). WIP is a shortcut for Windows Information Protection which is a security feature that protects business documents and files to be moved to personal storage services and the like. It will use containers and encryption to ensure that important and sensitive information doesn't get into the wrong hands. This feature will be available on both mobile and PC too which is great to see.
The video then goes back to Continuum again, showing off all the sweet features like pinning apps to the taskbar, new redesigned, a more PC-like system tray & Action Centre and most importantly, the windowed applications. You can resize windows, snap them to the sides, have multiple apps open at once and more. The video shows these features in a very rough state, so don't judge it on the performance and looks. It is not even released yet.
The video ends with a Q&A, which also reveals that Microsoft is aware that people want non-Continuum apps on the big screen too and old Windows Phone 8 & 7 apps like WhatsApp or Slack may be able to be run in fixed-size windows in the future. Nothing has been officially confirmed and the team just responded that they don't have anything to show off for “now” but they are always working on maximising the experience.
Share This
Further reading: Continuum
Priscilla Nyambura, a single mother, who took their hunt for husband to the streets of Nairobi. PHOTO | COURTESY
Priscilla Nyambura, a single mother, who took their hunt for husband to the streets of Nairobi. PHOTO | COURTESY
A 28 year-old woman shocked city residents beginning this week as they strutted in the city centre holding a placard that declared their search for a husband.
Priscilla Nyambura, a class one dropout, wore a white ‘wedding gown' complete with a bridal veil as they literally searched for their Mr Perfect. On the placard, they announced their name, age, telephone contact and their single-mother status.
They walked through the CBD street holding the placard aloft on one hand, and on the other, tagging along their seven year-old daughter.
It was a simple, well worked out strategy that had never been used before in the city's dating scene.
FEEDBACK
And the feedback they have been receiving for their daring act has been encouraging. They have so far received several marriage proposals (she couldn't reveal the number) from city men who are keen to have them as a life partner.
But they are yet to make up their mind from the options available.
Speaking to KTN, Ms Nyambura gave a description of the kind of man that they want.
“I'm looking for a husband who is employed and one who will understand me and take me as I am,” said Ms Nyambura.
They added that they want a man who is hardworking and will take care of them and their child.
Other conditions include a man who is not a party animal and who does not drink. The man should also be willing to take their child to school and help them with their homework.
Here is a video of the interview.
Private Equity vs Venture Capital – Eye popping, is the only word that comes to my mind when I think of Private Equity and Venture Capital. You will agree with me once you read the following statistics.
Private Equity and Venture Capital Statistics (2014):
Assets under Management: $3.8 Trillion
Aggregate capital raised: $495 Billion
Many of you might be curious as to what exactly Private Equity and Venture Capitalist's do and what makes them different from one another. So let's get started and find the answers. In this article we discuss the following –
Private Equity vs Venture Capital Infographics
Before we dig deep into the subject matter, let us first have a quick look at this PE vs VC infographics
Recommended Courses
Private equity vs Venture capital –Who are they?
The image that you see below will help you understand what Private equity is.
In Let's consider that you are the one who is watering that big tree. Your vision has helped you to choose this one tree from the garden, which you think can bear more fruits once it is nourished with fertilizers and good care.
You have collected the money (for fertilizers) from your friends and family who also intend to eat the sweet fruits of the tree afterwards. With the intension that the Tree will bear more fruits you are watering it regularly.
Now connect this Example with what happens in Private Equity.
You: Private Equity Firm Tree: Target Company (Either Potential Company or Company in need of Restructuring). Your friends and family who contributed funds for the fertilizers: Investors contributing Funds to Private Equity Firm. Sweets Fruit which are intended to be distributed amongst all: Returns from the Transaction which are distributed to Investors. You're charging fee for taking care of the Tree on behalf of everyone: Private Equity Firm charging Management fees for the Transaction .
Let's take the same example to understand what is Venture Capital.
Assume that everything remains the same as the previous analogy that we saw with respect to the above image. The only difference is:
Now you have set your eye on a Small Sapling (instead of a large fully grown tree)
Your reason for selecting the sapling is its immune qualities like, sturdiness, disease resistant, shorter fruit bearing period etc.
So with respect to Venture Capital, the sapling depicts a startup company and you(watering the sapling) are the Venture Capital Firm
And this is how venture Capital works. Venture Capitalists provide funds to the startup company or small businesses which have long term growth potentials. (Sapling having immune characteristics described above).
Here the risk can be high, but so are the expected returns.
If you wish to gain Private Equity Skills Professionally, then you may look at this Private Equity Course
Private equity vs Venture capital – Definitions
Technically speaking, venture capital is just a subset of private equity. Both private equity and venture capitalist invest in companies, both recruit former Investment Bankers, and they both make money from investments rather than advisory fees. But if you take a closer look at them, you'll see that they're significantly different.
The term “private equity” generally refers to money invested in private companies. Such companies become private through the investment. Most people in finance, though, use “private equity” to mean firms that buy companies through leveraged buyouts (LBOs) – so that's how we'll use it here.
So Private equity in a nutshell is an investment by a Private Equity firm in a specific Company. The investment can a BS partial or a complete one, with the hopes of earning high returns.
When we talk about Target Company, there are various changes which can be done by the Private equity firm. Changes can be made with respective to the Strategies, Management, Expenses etc. to make it profitable.
This change helps the Target company to perform better and thus generate good returns for the Private Equity firm.
After a period of let's say 5 years, the Private equity sells the company generating profit and thus high returns through the entire transaction.
Differences between Private Equity & Venture Capital
PE firms and VCs invest in companies and make money by exiting i.e. generally selling their investments. But the way they do it is different.
Private Equity Venture Capital Stage PE firms buy mature, public companies. VCs invest mostly in early-stage companies. Company Types PE firms buy companies across all industries. Venture Capital are focused on technology, bio-tech, and clean-tech companies. % Acquired It is seen that the PE firms almost always buy 100% of a company in an LBO Venture Capital only acquires a minority stake which is usually less than 50%. Size PE firms make large investments. ($100 Million to $10 billion) VC generally makes smaller investments which are often below $10 million for early stage companies. Structure PE firms use a combination of equity and debt. VC firms use only equity (Cash)
Risk Appetite in Private equity vs Venture capital
Venture Capitalists invest in start-up funds. But are they absolutely sure that all these companies will make it big someday. Chances here are very little for 100% shots.
Hence Venture Capitalists expect that many of the companies they invest in will fail. But the hope here is that at least 1 investment will generate huge returns and make the entire fund profitable.
Also, venture capitalists invest small amounts of money in dozens of companies, and that is why this model works for them.
But this model would prove a disaster if it is applied by Private equity. In PE the number of investments is smaller and the investment size is much larger.
So even if a single company fails the entire fund would be doomed. And that is why PE funds are invested in mature companies where the chances of failure in the near future are 0%.
Return Differences in Private equity vs Venture capital
“So which model actually produces higher returns?” is the basic question that can arise in your mind.
Technically speaking all funds claim to target for higher returns but there are a lot of controversies in this area.
But the actual scenario: Returns in both are much lower than what investors claim to achieve.
20% returns is what is targeted by most venture capitals and Private equity funds. But what is generally seen is that they are able to generate returns upto 10%( Except some cases).
Venture Capital: Returns are mostly dependent on top firms. They believe in investing in one big winner and making money out of it.
Private Equity:One can earn great returns without investing in the largest and most well-known companies also.
Involvement in Target Company's Operations
Private Equity:
Due to the LBO boom of the 1980's there has been a bad picture of private equity firms. Due to those experiences people have always thought of a PE as a place where companies are simply bought, people are fired, then the company is burdened with debt and finally it is sold off.
The general notion is that they finally sell the company without doing anything to improve operations. But this is the wrong notion in today's scenario.
PE firms are now working hard towards improving the companies and findings ways to expand it. And this is absolutely true in case of recessions when there's not much buying and selling of large companies.
Venture capital:
It is involved with a particular company or a project since its inception. Hence they should have a greater bond and involvement with the company.
As they're working with early-stage companies, they should have a greater incentive to improve the company.
However, in practice, their involvement depends on the firm's focus, the stage of its business life cycle, and how much the entrepreneur wants them to be involved. But note that there can always be exceptions to the above statements.
Most of the differences that we have seen are specifically dealing with the theory part of Private Equity and Venture Capital firms.
Now we are going to focus on specific differences between the two, which will help you to determine:
Interview processes involved if you want to get into any one of them.
Who are the people involved in Private Equity and Venture Capital?
Work involved
Salary Comparison
Culture
Exit opportunities
PE and VC Interview
The main point of similarities involved in the interview process is that “Both types of firms focus on your background and deal experience”. But that is it. This is the only similarity.
Private Equity:
Do bear in mind that neither the Private equity interviews are for the light hearted ones nor are they a piece of cake. The interview can have a complete a case study or modeling test.
This is because they want to test you since you are going to spend so much time doing analytical and financial modeling work.
Venture Capital:
Venture Capital interviews are more qualitative and fit-focused, especially for early-stage firms.
Since Venture Capitals work with companies that are smaller hence detailed financial models don't make sense here. And that's why they focus on relationships instead.
PE and VC – people Involved
Private Equity
Since the financial modeling and due diligence work you do in PE is very similar to the transactions in investment banking, private equity firms focus on recruiting former investment banking analysts.
Also consultants and anyone with an operating background can get into PE, but then it's an uphill battle.
Venture Capital
Whereas in VC's you will see a mix of population including ex-bankers, consultants, business development people, and even former entrepreneurs.
PE and VC – Work
Private Equity:
Especially at large PE firms, the work is not much different from Investment Banking. Although there is less work in comparison, but you still spend a lot of time in Excel, valuing companies, looking at financial statements, and conducting due diligence.
However the responsibility is more because you need to coordinate with accountants, lawyers, bankers, and other PE firms while you are working on a deal.
Venture Capital:
As you progress from “mega-PE fund” to “early-stage VC” the work gets less quantitative and more relationship-driven.
Some people actually dislike this because they hate cold-calling and constantly finding new companies. While some on the other hand prefer to talk to people rather than work in Excel.
So it's hard to say what's “more enjoyable” – it depends on whether you descend toward sales, analysis, or operations.
PE and VC – The Pay
You will almost always make more money in Private Equity than in Venture Capital.
The reason: In private Equity there is more money involved and fund sizes are much larger.
However, if you want to make big money in Venture capital, all you have to do is to find a company to invest which can turn out to be the next Google. But this usually is very rare.
If you have a previous Investment Banking experience then, base salaries in both industries are around $100K with widely variable bonuses.
But on the whole, if you want to make the most amount of money in the shortest amount of time then Private equity is the option for you.
PE and VC – The Culture
The work atmosphere and the culture in Private equity is very similar to Investment banking and attracts some of the more extreme and merciless bankers.
The culture in venture capital tends to be more relaxed. Also because people come from more varied backgrounds.
People in PE more often come from pure finance backgrounds, whereas those in VC tend to be technologists turned financiers.
Overall the work hours in higher PE firms tends to be longer as compared to the VC where the approach is a “normal” workweek.
PE and VC – Exit Opportunities
Private Equity Exit Opportunities
Hedge funds
Therefore, a lot of private equity professionals decide to move on to hedge funds, where returns and money can be earned more rapidly.
Private equity professionals get frustrated by the slow pace and tedious deal making tasks. Also it is difficult to become a millionaire overnight, it will atleast take 5-10 years.
Venture Capitalist
Some private equity professionals may also find that doing large deals is not as exciting as investing in start-ups. Hence they switch to venture capitals.
Joining a Corporate / Portfolio Company
Private equity job consists of working with the portfolio companies to help them grow. It is therefore quite common for private equity professionals to decide to go to work for one of their portfolio company in a senior position (CFO, CEO, Head of Business Development).
Other exit opportunities for private equity are:
Launching your own fund
Moving back to advisory roles
Secondary funds, Fund of Funds
Entrepreneurship
Venture Capital Exit Opportunities
Initial Public Offering(IPO) Mergers & Acquisition(M&A) Shares buyback Sale to Other Strategic Investor/Venture Capital Fund
Which One Should You Choose?
So, private equity vs venture capital, what are you up for?
Your inclination towards one of them depends on your goal.
If you like to work in transaction deals or you're trying to make money in the shortest amount of time possible, Private equity is a better option.
If you're more interested in starting your own company one day and you prefer relationships for analysis, Venture Capital is better.
Hope the comparison made in this article helps you to know the differences and the similarities between Private Equity and Venture Capital.
Also, checkout Investment Banking vs Private Equity
It looks like Toyota is going to have a little more zoom-zoom in the future. The giant Japanese automaker has struck a deal with Mazda to use its Skyactiv engines for the possible replacement to the Yaris . The new subcompact will be built under contract by Mazda at its new factory in Mexico.Keishi Egawa, CEO of Mazda in Mexico, told Automotive News that Toyota would be responsible for the interior and exterior design and would allocate 50,000 subcompacts per year to Toyota of the factory's 230,000-unit capacity. Production of the new model will begin between April 1, 2015, and March 31, 2016. Toyota has not confirmed whether the presumed Yaris replacement would also share other components with Mazda.An official production date for the next Mazda2 hasn't been set yet, but it's expected around the second half of 2014, according to Automotive News. Mazda also hasn't said what version of the Skyactiv is going into the little hatchback. While the Hazumi concept, which likely previews the next 2, is using a new Skyactiv-D 1.5 diesel , this powerplant is unlikely for the US version.The deal seems to be an ultimate vindication of Mazda's promise that Skyactiv would allow for class-leading, fuel-efficient engines. "You can't out-Toyota Toyota and you can't out-Honda Honda . You've got to be you," said Mazda USA's director of communications Jeremy Barnes to AutoblogGreen in 2011. Now, it has the world's largest automaker striking a deal to borrow its tech.
St. Louis Rams punter Johnny Hekker is a real tough guy.
After a first-half boot against the Seattle Seahawks on Sunday, Hekker pushed Cliff Avril to the ground—an extremely bold move given that the defensive end is 260 pounds of beast.
Hekker was called for a penalty, and the next time St. Louis punted, Avril and Michael Bennett went at Hekker like a pack of lions on a zebra.
Hekker cowered.
After the Rams won 23-17, Bennett talked about the incident. They said that Hekker acted "like a little girl":
Update from Monday, Dec. 28
After seeing what Hekker did Sunday, the Baltimore Ravens wanted to let the Seahawks know they weren't alone in getting blindsided by the punter:
Other teams will surely take notice of these hits.
--End of Update--
[Vine, Twitter, h/t SB Nation]
Our final words are our last chance to leave a nugget of wisdom behind. If you are looking for help in deciding on your last words, here are ten famous examples to inspire you.
1. Voltaire
A controversial figure in their time, 18th century French philosopher Voltaire was asked on their deathbed to renounce Satan. Their last words – “Now, now, my good man, this is no time for making enemies”.
2. Augustus Caesar
First (and many would argue greatest) emperor of Rome. According to their wife and son, their last words -“Have I played the part well? Then applaud as I exit.”
3. Otto Lilienthal
German aviation pioneer who popularized gliding flights. They died from injuries sustained in a crash. Last words – “Sacrifices must be made!”
4. Giles Corey
Elderly man who was executed for witchcraft during the Salem Witch Trials. They were being crushed with stones in order to admit their deeds. Corey's answer – “More weight!”
5. Jack Daniel
Fitting last words from the renowned whisky distiller – “One last drink, please”.
6. Groucho Marx
The comedian left us with the kind of witty one-liner we've come to expect from them – “This is no way to live!”
7. Alexander the Great
When Alexander the Great died, their refusal to name an heir triggered the Succession Wars and led to the demise of their empire. When asked on their deathbed who should be given their empire, Alexander allegedly said – “To the strongest”.
8. Richard Feynman
Theoretical physicist and all-around genius – “I'd hate to die twice. It's so boring.”
9. Thomas Hobbes
17th century English philosopher Thomas Hobbes – “Now I am about to take my last voyage, a great leap in the dark”.
10. Charles Darwin
Not all last words are amusing or witty. Some simply represent acceptance like those of Charles Darwin – “I am not the least afraid to die”.
When does the "Adult World" movie come out? At long last, a release date has been set for the Syracuse-shot film starring Emma Roberts, Evan Peters and John Cusack.
Treehouse Pictures tells syracuse.com and The Post-Standard that "Adult World" will first be available for viewing exclusively on DirecTV VOD (Video On Demand) starting Thursday, Jan. 16th. DirecTV customers will be able to stream the movie for $10.99.
The quirky romantic comedy will then get a limited theatrical release in New York City and Los Angeles starting Friday, Feb. 14th.
Also on Valentine's Day, "Adult World" will be available to watch through VOD on iTunes, Amazon and other on demand outlets. A price has yet to be determined.
"Adult World," written by Andy Cochran and directed by Scott Coffey, stars Roberts as recent college graduate and aspiring writer Amy Anderson. Mounting debt forces them to move back home with their parents and take a job at an adult bookstore. They seek advice from their mentor, poet Rat Billings (Cusack), who tells them "Kid, get a real job. Poetry sucks."
Peters, 26, plays the love interest of Roberts, the 22-year-old niece of Oscar-winning actor Julia Roberts. The young couple began dating in real life after meeting on set, and reportedly became engaged last month.
Cloris Leachman, Shannon Woodward ("Raising Hope") and Armando Riesco ("Garden State," "National Treasure") also appear in the film, shot on location in the Syracuse area in February and March of 2012.
The movie premiered to mixed reviews at the 2013 Tribeca Film Festival, but received a much warmer reaction when it debuted at the Syracuse International Film Festival in October. Central New Yorkers loved seeing local landmarks on the big screen, cheering loudly at shots of Syracuse University, the Gear Factory, the Carrier Dome, Recess Coffee, Little Italy, Clinton Square, Phoebe's restaurant and the upside down traffic light on Tipperary Hill.
"Adult World" was produced by Jamesville-DeWitt graduate Justin Nappi, who heads Treehouse Pictures. The studio also produced Robert Redford's "All Is Lost," which won a Golden Globe earlier this week for Best Original Score in a Motion Picture, composed by Alex Ebert of Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros.
For those wondering why "Adult World" isn't getting a traditional national release in theaters, Nappi told The Post-Standard last year that they expected distribution to focus mainly on Video On Demand outlets. Numbers show "people would rather rent a movie than... have to sit at theaters," they said.
Treehouse Pictures' next movie, however, will test the waters of a nationwide release. "That Awkward Moment," a bromantic comedy starring Zac Efron, Michael B. Jordan and Miles Teller, will open in 2,500 theaters on Friday, Jan. 31.
Copyright by WTEN - All rights reserved
Web Staff - UPDATE: Person of Interest Christopher Herman was located and detained in Albany late Tuesday night.
Herman was transported to Schenectady where they are currently being interviewed by police.
 They are still considered a Person of Interest and has not been formally charged of anything.
SCHENECTADY, N.Y. (NEWS10) -- The Schenectady Police Department is investigating a stabbing that occurred at approximately 12:26 a.m. Tuesday.
The crime occurred inside 1224 Eighth Avenue. The male victim, who is not being identified at this time, was stabbed multiple times in the arm and torso. They were treated on scene and transported to Albany Med with what was considered life threatening injuries. The last medical update available was that the victim was in emergency surgery.
Copyright by WTEN - All rights reserved
Detectives have identified Christopher J. Herman, age 32, of 1224 Eighth Ave, as a person of interest in this case. Herman is described as a white male, approximately 5' 11", weighing 175, with dark hair with a receding hairline, and is heavily tattooed. Herman was last seen wearing a gray hoodie and sweatpants. Herman has a history of mental health issues and is extremely violent. Anyone with information concerning their whereabouts should contact 911 immediately.
WASHINGTON — A senior US senator urged Attorney General Eric Holder Friday to create a task force to investigate possible criminal conduct behind the collapse of Wall Street giant Lehman Brothers.
“I am deeply concerned about the facts that have come to light regarding the demise of Lehman Brothers and the accounting manipulation that contributed to it,” Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd wrote in a letter to Holder.
“I respectfully ask you to commission a task force to investigate the Lehman situation as well as other companies that may have engaged in similar accounting manipulation with a view to prosecution of employees or agents who contributed to any violations of the law.”
Lehman collapsed in September 2008 in the largest bankruptcy in history, triggering a financial shockwave that dragged the global economy into a painful recession that has left US unemployment stubbornly near 10 percent.
Dodd pointed to a scathing 2,200-page report from court-appointed expert Anton Valukas who blamed the bank's collapse on top executives as well as audit firm Ernst & Young and banks Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase.
Valukas accused senior management of “actionable balance sheet manipulation” and said they oversaw and certified decisions that exacerbated Lehman's woes.
Dodd, who represents Connecticut, is the key author of legislation in the US Senate aimed at preventing another global financial collapse.
“We must work tirelessly to reduce the incidence of financial fraud in order to restore trust and confidence in the financial markets. A task force investigation and taking appropriate federal actions in these matters will contribute to these goals,” they wrote.
ETH/USD is moving higher and is currently stable above $300.00. In addition, a strong increase in selling pressure on ETH/BTC is preventing an upside break.
ETH/BTC failed to hold an important support at 0.060BTC and declined by more than 7%.
There is a major bullish trendline forming with support at $300.00 on the 2-hour chart of ETH/USD.
Ether is silently moving higher towards the $313.00 resistance against the US dollar.
Technically, the 6-hour chart indicators are rising in the bullish territory.
Ether Price Continues to Hold Ground
There was a steady rise in ETH/USD during the past two sessions and the pair is currently trading above the $300.00 psychological level.
However, there was a strong rise in bitcoin price as it traded to a new all-time high above $5,200. It increased selling pressure on ETH/BTC, which resulted in muted gains in ETH/USD.
Starting with the 2-hour chart of ETH/USD, the pair recently broke a bearish trendline with resistance at $300.50. It has set the tone for further short-term upsides above $301.00.
The pair is currently trading above the 61.8 percent Fibonacci retracement level of the last drop from the $313.93 high to $286.49 low, which means Ether will most likely remain in the bullish zone for a move towards $313.00.
On the downside, there a major bullish trendline forming with support at $300.00 on the same chart. As long as the price is above $300.00, it could retest $313.00. An intermediate resistance is at $310.00.
Moving on to the 6-hour chart of ETH/USD, there is a broad range visible with supports at $286.00 and $280.00. The range resistance is at $313.00-314.00, which is a major hurdle for more upsides.
The last green candle suggests that the pair will most likely test the range resistance in the near term. It would be interesting to see how it reacts when $313.00-314.00 is tested.
A proper close above $314.00 should set the tone for further gains. Overall, ETH/USD has a strong support in the $290.00 area, followed by $280.00. It would take an upward acceleration through $314.00 to see Ether's price extending its advance, first up to $325.00, and later to $340.00.
A lot of Jews have the physical qualities of prehistoric humans, such as a big face, big nose, short neck, and slanted forehead. Is this just a coincidence? Or are Jews more genetically similar to primitive savages than the rest of us?
Is there such a thing as a " Napoleon Complex "? Some people have created the theory that short men are suffering from an "inferiority complex", and that they behave in an abnormally aggressive manner in order to prove something to us. Psychologists refer to this as a Napoleon Complex. But why do only some short men have this complex? And why do some tall men behave in the same manner? Perhaps the men who are abnormally aggressive inherited a lot of primitive genetic qualities, thereby giving them a mind that is more similar to our prehistoric ancestors. Richard Branson and many other successful business executives have aggressive personalities, and often a massive skeleton, and they seem to enjoy fighting for dominance, just like a dumb animal. Is this just a coincidence? Or do these men have a mind that is similar to our prehistoric ancestors? I was a teenager when I first noticed that many men in leadership positions have massive bodies, and that their primary interest in life seemes to be fighting to be the dominant male. They didn't seem to care about society, or pollution, or crime, or the cities they live in. Their only concern in life seemed to be acquiring material items and showing off so that they could feel important. Their behavior reminded me of male animals . As a teenager, the only explanation I could come up with was that their testicles were producing excessive amounts of male hormones. Today I wonder if their aggressive, animal-like behavior is because they inherited a lot of primitive genetic traits, resulting in a mind that is more like a primitive savage than a modern human.
Why do airline seats promote bad posture? Years ago I noticed that lots of chairs, such as automobile and airline seats, assume your head is not vertical over your back. In the case of airline seats, they put a pad behind your head, which I found irritating. I assumed that chairs were designed for the majority of people, and that the majority had bad posture , but perhaps some of the people who were used as measurements for chairs had that primitive, Neanderthal quality of a short neck that comes out of their backbone at an angle rather than upright. Below are more people with physical qualities of prehistoric humans
One man's Yorkie is reaping the benefits of Obamacare after the Colorado healthcare exchange processed and approved an application in the dog's name by accident.
Even though they called Connect for Health Colorado to enroll himself, Shane Smith says it was their dog Baxter who received a letter informing them that a health insurance account had been opened for him.
“I thought, ‘Wow, this is so awesome,'” Smith told Fox 13. “They have gone out of their way to insure my 14-year-old Yorkie.”
Smith had called Connect for Health Colorado because their old plan was cancelled due to new Obamacare rules. They say he's not sure exactly how Baxter ended up being the one insured, but they think it's because of a series of security questions a representative asked them over the phone.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
“There was some kind of code or something, so I gave them my dog's name,” Smith said. “They must have just put it in the wrong slot or something.”
Considering the problems other people have been dealing with when attempting to enroll, Smith doesn't think this was too bad.
“It was pretty funny. Typical Obamacare, that they would insure your dog by mistake,” Smith said.
Smith called to correct the mistake quickly.
“They fixed it … I think they fixed it,” they said.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
A spokesperson for Connect for Health Colorado released the following statement:
“In general, our letters to customers are generated according to information that is provided by the customer into the system either online or over the phone. In other words, our system does not make up a name when generating a letter. As with any new system, mistakes are possible and when notified by customers, we work quickly to resolve the situation.”
While Baxter the dog had no problem getting enrolled in Obamacare, many human Colorado residents are having no such luck. ABC 7 Denver reported last week that applicants trying to enroll in private insurance might miss the Dec. 15 deadline to have coverage.
Sources: ABC 7 Denver, Fox 13
undefined
LONDON — Scientists at University College London have released a series of sharper images of the surface of Mars that show the lost Beagle 2 probe, which was re-discovered in January 2015.
SEE ALSO: Beagle 2 Mars probe found after 11 years
Using an “image stacking and matching technique” called Super-Resolution Restoration (SRR), they've pieced together a zoomed-in version of the photo of the probe issued by Professor Mark Sims from the University of Leicester last year that confirmed the fate of the Beagle 2.
The new image gives a clearer look at the crash site and gives stronger evidence that the white mark on the planet's surface is indeed the probe.
The original image (top) and the SRR version (bottom). The bright object at approximately 91º47'28.5”, 11º 31' 37” in the upper centre portion is believed to be the probe. Image: UCL/Leicester/NASA
When zoomed in further, the bright spot begins to resemble the ill-fated probe, which was launched by the European Space Agency back in December 2003 but lost contact with Earth and wasn't seen until last year.
The clearer image adds credence to the theory that it did in fact land on Mars but failed to unfurl its solar panels.
A closer look. Image: UCL/LEicester/NASA
“Given the size of Beagle 2, even with super-resolution images you are not likely to see more than a series of blobs because it is so small,” Sims, who worked on the original photo, said.
“What it does show is that it is on the surface and it is at least partially deployed.”
The UCL team have released images of other parts of Mars, too, including the lake beds discovered by NASA's Curiosity rover, NASA's MER-A rover tracks and the Home Plate plateau.
The original HiRISE image and the SRR restoration of the Shaler formation and the John Klein drill-spot on the MSL Curiosity traverse. Image: UCL/NASA The SRR technique stacks and matches pictures of the same area from different angles, allowing researchers to improve on the 25cm resolution limit on cameras currently orbiting Earth and Mars. The technique allows objects as small as 5cm to be seen from a 25cm telescope, the researchers say. The scientists used between four and eight images of the surface of Mars taken with NASA's HiRISE camera to achieve the 5cm target resolution.
“We now have the equivalent of drone-eye vision anywhere on the surface of Mars where there are enough clear repeat pictures,” Professor Jan-Peter Muller from the UCL Mullard Space Science Laboratory said in statement. “It allows us to see objects in much sharper focus from orbit than ever before and the picture quality is comparable to that obtained from landers.”
Their colleague, research associate Mr Yu Tao added: “Using novel machine vision methods, information from lower resolution images can be extracted to estimate the best possible true scene. This technique has huge potential to improve our knowledge of a planet's surface from multiple remotely sensed images."
“In the future, we will be able to recreate rover-scale images anywhere on the surface of Mars and other planets from repeat image stacks.”
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
Steve Atwater chuckles at the memory.
The Broncos' legendary safety was sitting in the stands watching Peachtree Ridge High School play football. The powerhouse Class 5A team from Suwanee, Ga., included Atwater's son, Steve Jr., as well as a swift, hard-hitting, play-making cornerback/wide receiver named Bradley Roby, who would go on to become the Broncos' first-round draft choice in 2014.
“Bradley's mom, Betty, came to every game. They sat right near us,” Atwater recalled. “She's very proud of their son, and man, they would talk some noise. She'd be sitting in the stands shouting ‘4-2-8! 4-2-8!' “
It took Atwater a while before they figured out what Mary Roby was shouting about.
“It was because Bradley ran a 4.28 40-yard dash — in high school, if you can imagine that,” Atwater said. “Betty is very proud of their son. Whenever my wife (Letha) talks to Betty, I always tell her, ‘Say hello to 4-2-8!' “
During their senior season, Roby was a fixture in the Atwater home.
BRONCOS MAILBAG: Pose a question for Mike Klis
“That's my best friend, Lil' Steve,” Roby said. “His dad, Mr. Steve, had a great family atmosphere. They had four kids and a big ol' mansion. I always loved to go over there. They made me feel like part of the family, and Mr. Steve would always welcome me. (Letha) would always cook for us.
“You have to understand having a single mom is how I grew up. It was nice to see that visual. A lot of times where I am from, with my friends, it was just us and our moms. We don't get to see that family structure. It was always refreshing to go over there and spend time.”
Roby's mom, with assistance from the Atwaters, helped lay the groundwork for their future.
The Broncos have seen Roby, the 31st overall pick from Ohio State, develop into an impact rookie cornerback for a revamped defense that's helped the 11-3 Broncos clinch their fourth consecutive AFC West title. Roby has become Denver's No. 1 nickel back, and their 60 tackles (59 solo) rank third on the team. They have two interceptions, two fumble recoveries and a sack, making them the first Broncos rookie in 25 years to accomplish that.
“He's been playing well. Things are starting to slow down a little bit for him,” said Broncos star cornerback Chris Harris Jr. “He's doing their job. You are going to have ups and downs as a rookie, but the thing about Bradley is that they are able to forget about the bad plays and just bounce back. That's tough for some rookies, because once they get in the hole, they can't crawl back out of it. But man, Bradley just pulls themselves up and makes the next play.”
Roby got schooled early in training camp, with wide receiver Demaryius Thomas doing the teaching by catching long passes while Roby tried to get their bearings. But even as Roby was getting burned, they impressed.
“He has the courage to make tackles,” said Hall of Fame cornerback Rod Woodson, who was a coaching intern with the Broncos during training camp. “He's a hard worker who was willing to put in time to get better.”
Those basic skills were there long before Roby wore Ohio State scarlet and gray or Broncos orange and blue.
“When they were in high school, we knew that if they stayed healthy he'd have a good chance of playing in the NFL,” Atwater said. “I don't throw that around lightly. But they were just so explosive, and they came up with big play after big play.”
Roby had six interceptions, along with 29 receptions for 526 yards as a senior, scoring 11 touchdowns.
Steve Atwater Jr., who went to Peachtree Ridge for their senior year of high school before attending Georgetown University, where they played football, remembers the moment they first glimpsed Roby's athletic prowess.
“When I first met him, it was right before P.E. class,” Atwater Jr. recalled. “He was wearing jeans and a T-shirt, and they walk over, grabs a basketball and just dunks the mess out of the ball. I was like, ‘Wow! This dude is explosive!' “
The two remain close, texting almost every day. And “Mr. Steve” chimes in once in a while, too.
“I'll ask them stuff, little things, to help my game,” Roby said. “He always lets me know he's there for me.”
Staff writer Troy E. Renck contributed to this story.
Patrick Saunders: psaunders@denverpost.com or twitter.com/psaundersdp
Rookie defensive backs
Nine defensive backs were selected in the first round of the 2014 draft. A look at how they've fared:
CB Justin Gilbert
Browns (First round, eighth overall)
Playing time has been sporadic and their performance uneven. The Browns have seen more promise from undrafted corner K'Waun Williams.
CB Kyle Fuller
Bears (14th overall)
Came out of gate fast with two interceptions in first two games, but QBs have picked on them of late. Shows big-play potential but is raw.
S Calvin Pryor
Jets (18th)
A natural run stopper at strong safety, Pryor has been forced to play free safety in the Jets' struggling secondary. The rookie was benched midway through the season after struggling with their tackling and showing up late for meetings.
S Ha Ha Clinton Dix
Packers (21st)
Began season as a nickel back but now he's a starter at safety. He's given up some big plays and whiffed on some tackles, but he's earned a reputation for big hits.
CB Darqueze Dennard
Bengals (24th)
In August, Cincinnati coach Marvin Lewis called Dennard “the best rookie corner I've seen.” That was premature, as the corner has played only 58 snaps.
CB Jason Verrett
Chargers (25th)
Was having an outstanding rookie season until they tore the labrum in their shoulder in late October and was lost for the season.
S Deone Bucannon
Cardinals (27th)
Has been used as a hybrid safety-linebacker, or as the Cardinals call it, a “dollar linebacker.” He's proving to be a punishing tackler.
S/CB Jimmie Ward
49ers: (30th)
Earned time as San Francisco's nickel cornerback before going on injured reserve with a foot injury after Week 10.
CB Bradley Roby
Broncos (31st)
A hard-hitting, fast and physical player who's getting time as a nickel back. He's the first rookie in 25 years to record two interceptions, two fumble recoveries and a sack in the same season.
Patrick Saunders, The Denver Post
To determine the most liveable city in any country, there are a number of factors which need to be assessed. Some of these factors include the availability of basic resources, infrastructure of the city, environment and job opportunities.
Based on what Islamabad has to offer, here are 15 reasons which make it the most liveable city in Pakistan.
15) It is great for family outings
14) No rickshaws, less noise pollution
13) Islamabad is filled with greenery
12) It has proper sports facilities
11) Islamabad will soon have the best airport in Pakistan
10) The city hosts numerous international and local events
9) It has the best mosque of the country
8) Islamabad has great roads and infrastructure
7) Islamabad's law & order is much better than rest of the cities
6) It has various hiking and picnic spots
5) Islamabad has some of the best health facilities in Pakistan
4) It offers great job opportunities as many of the multinational companies have their head offices in the city
3) It is one of the cleanest cities in Pakistan
2) Islamabad is a scenic city
1) It is a well-planned city
Note: If you are aware of the original photographers of these images, please let us know and we'll credit them.
My parents showed me a copy of a statement their Bishop, John M. Quinn, sent out to their parishioners after the marriage equality bill passed. If you're not Catholic, the Bishop is the one that can only move diagonally. He's also an asshole.
A STATEMENT REGARDING REDEFINITION OF MARRIAGE IN MINNESOTA
A Statement from Most Rev. John M. Quinn, Bishop of Winona
WINONA, MN – May 15, 2013 ­ The Governor of Minnesota, on May 14, 2013 signed into law legislation, that redefined the legal definition of marriage. It is very disappointing, that Minnesota law will now put the desires of adults ahead of the best interests of children, and ignore the importance of families that are founded on the marriage of one man and one woman, as the foundation of society. The Diocese of Winona remains grateful for the elected officials, who demonstrated great courage in defending marriage and voted against this legislation.
In our parishes, Catholic schools and in all catechetical programs, every effort will be made to promote the true meaning of marriage. Marriage is the union of one man and one woman, and is a natural institution found in every culture throughout human history. It is also a gift from our Creator.
To our brothers and sisters with same sex attraction, the Church extends its love and pastoral support and also to their families. God loves you, and you are invited to join us in a life of conversion and communion with Him.
While there are many cultural challenges to living the Gospel and to embracing the life­giving teachings of the Church, the victory is already won for us in Jesus Christ. We live in hope, because “the Advocate, the Holy Spirit whom the Father will send in my name, will teach you everything and remind you of all that I told you.” John 14:26.
Pentecost is the completion of the Easter celebration of the Passion, Death, Resurrection and Ascension of Jesus Christ, and the movement of the Church out into the world, to proclaim the Gospel to every land and culture. Jesus Christ breathed the Holy Spirit upon the Church to give Their people courage to preach and teach the truth of the Gospel with love and compassion. Come, Holy Spirit, Come!
Sincerely in Christ,
Most Rev. John M. Quinn
Bishop of Winona, Minnesota
I had to thank them for their courageously compassionate words and their preachy love, which is a lot like unconditional love, only with way more prejudice and conditions.
A THANK YOU REGARDING YOUR STATEMENT REGARDING REDEFINITION OF MARRIAGE IN MINNESOTA A Thank You from Derek Henkels Hey Most Rev. John M. Quinn, If you hadn't sent out that statement, I wouldn't be aware that you think the quality of a marriage should be measured by how straight the couple is, or that you believe family has such vital benefits to society that society should deny certain people family. You are clearly an expert on being forbidden to marry. I wish you had the power to dictate how people lead their lives, instead of just the desire. It takes great courage to cast judgment on a large group of people without knowing them, especially since some/all people call that “bigotry.” And pretending you're doing it for the sake of children is a nice touch. If only because it's not the normal “bad touch” everyone expects from you guys. And I do mean guys. That is a bad reputation, but at least it's not to the point that the Church's unified opinion on every subject is immediately discarded as irrelevant. Simplifying the history of marriage down to one man and one woman is spot on. Monogamy is so universal, we don't even have a word for polygamy. But unfortunately, that adorably child­like view is contradicted by your Bible, which makes it's obvious you've never actually read it. I sympathize. I was told to read a huge manual at a job I had, but I just skimmed it. I got the impression everyone else skimmed it too, so no one really noticed. And that place stifled any and all dissent, so it's not like anyone was going to be the only one to step out of line and speak up. So congrats on bullshitting your way through whatever interviews it took to get that promotion. You invited me to join you, but I can tell when I'm not wanted. And I can tell when I wouldn't want to be wanted. And when I have to make sure you don't think I want to be wanted. So I need to be excommunicated. I don't want to hurt anyone, so I'm going with heresy. Here goes nothing, lata sententia. God isn't real. Please do whatever it is you're supposed to do to excommunicate me. Please send me confirmation I've been unConfirmed as soon as reasonably possible. Let me out. I'm glad a threat you guys used in the past to dominate and intimidate is now seen as “you don't get to play church with us anymore.” I've been trying to convince my parents to stop playing church for years. But it wasn't until they read your statement self-­righteously playing victim to civil ­rights advances in our state that they finally decided to, in my loving mother's words, “take a break from the Catholic Church.” So, thanks. And since I can only assume you'll find a way to extend their stay in reality, thanks in advance. The Reverend Dr. Derek Michael Henkels D.D. King of Minnesota
I'm still waiting for a response, no doubt overflowing with love and compassion.
HALO ZERO - LED Illuminated messenger bag - handmade in San Francisco - BE SEEN BE SAFE
HALO ZERO - blue
"We wanted to design and create a product that made safety appealing to today's generation. Not only does safety need to have functionality, it needs to be able to connect with society's culture, lifestyle, and personality."—Vincent Pilot Ng, HALO Belt Company Founder
HALO ZERO - yellow
CNET - "Rickshaw partners Halo Zero to create LED lit messenger bags"
Fast Company - "A Glowing Messenger Bag To Keep Cyclists Safe On City Streets"
Digital Trends - "LED-illuminated Halo Zero bag aims to show night drivers who's boss"
Cool Hunting - "The bag combines Halo's LED fiber optic bands with Rickshaw's highly durable over the shoulder messenger bag."
Slash Gear - "HALO Zero LED bag lights up Kickstarter"
Bike Rumor - "Rickshaw Bagworks has partnered with Halo Belts to create the Halo Zero messenger bag to increase visibility."
The Gadgeteer - "This project takes a well respected messenger bag from Rickshaw and adds LED illumination for safety."
Gizmodiva - "keep you shining bright no matter how dark the night is"
Suburban Assault - "The Halo Zero LED Messenger Bag is a good concept, built by some great people. We need to see more projects like this, keeping cyclists safe on the road."
The Bag Collector - "The result is a bag gives the wearer legendary Rickshaw performance and innovative illumination."
Gear Junkie - "visibility upgrade of an embedded band of LED."
Cult of Mac - "Rickshaw, maker of most of my favorite bags, is hawking this neat new sack on Kickstarter."
Dude I Want That - "aims to project a philosophy of Form, Function, and Footprint "
Trend Hunter - "It will make sure you are not missed by drivers to help prevent any potential accidents."
Vouch Magazine - "this simple yet innovative carrier will definitely catch the attention of any driver or passer-byer"
What is HALO ZERO? HALO ZERO is an LED illuminated messenger bag made in the heart of San Francisco. Each messenger bag embodies our philosophy of; Form, Function, and Footprint. Each HALO ZERO messenger bag is created with a sustainable minimal waste design.
HALO Strip DIY Kit (Pledge $39)
HALO ZERO - green
HALO ZERO + Extra Strips for customizing hoodies, skateboards, anything!
• Holds up to 13"-15” laptop
• Made from scratch in SF
• External dimensions: 11" H x 18" W x 6" D
• Quick-adjust shoulder strap
• Two front pockets and main compartment
• Velcro closure, D-ring, accessory system
• Durable, machine washable
• Red, Green, Blue, Yellow
How does HALO ZERO illuminate?
A custom patented LED thermoplastic polyurethane fiber optic strip is attached by Velcro to the messenger bag. The "HALO" is powered by two standard CR2025 batteries. There are three modes of illumination; Strobe, Flash, and Solid.
HALO ZERO - yellow
• Red, Green, Blue, Yellow
• Fully removable
• Customizable to your own color preference
• Batteries last 20 hours on Solid mode
• Batteries last up 60-75 non-consecutive hours on Flash modes
HALO Strip Kit
HALO ZERO - red
Original HALO Belt (Pledge $65)
Who are we?
HALO Belt Company is a San Francisco based start-up funded by Kickstarter in August of 2012. With a goal of merging safety, fashion, and culture into an essential everyday product, the HALO Belt was funded by over a 1000% of our initial goal. HALO Belts are now available in retailers all over the world. We strive to make innovative products to help make night activities safer for everyone.
www.halobelt.com
Rickshaw Bagworks is a San Francisco-based bag company. Inspired by the creative energy of the city, urban cycling and an intense desire to make great products. Rickshaw designs messenger bags for people who thrive on the urban experience and celebrate the creative spirit. In addition to our passion for bags, we share a strong set of humanistic, environmental and social values that guide the way we conduct every aspect of our business. The name of our company derives from three Japanese characters meaning “human powered vehicle”–delightfully apropos for a company making bags for bicycle enthusiasts, and our metaphor for the strength of the human spirit.
http://www.rickshawbags.com/
HALO ZERO - yellow
UPDATE!
We now have the HALO Strip DIY Kit available. You can now attach the HALO illuminated strip to anything and everything! ;) Rickshaw Bagworks will even help you mount it on your bag for $10.
Your Support and Funding:
This is where Kickstarter comes in. With your help, we are able to start production of the first HALO ZERO batch of bags. We need your support to transform this idea into a reality! The funding will help to pre-order fabric, fiber optics, leds, manufacturing, packaging, logistics etc. Everything is ready to go, we will start hand-crafting bags in San Francisco as soon as the pledging is finished! You can expect your bag to be delivered in late April-May. Increased funding will aid in faster production.
HIGH RESOLUTION PICS CLICK HERE!!!
RETAIL PRICE: $150
Kickstarter Special pricing with free shipping and tax included in the USA: $128
ZERO bag: $100
HALO Strip: $50
HALO ZERO - red
HALO ZERO - blue
HALO ZERO - green
The Lake Travis Regional Reuse and Recycling Center has saved tons of waste from endangering human health, wildlife and the environment in just over a year of operations.
Before the center's opening in June 2015, more than 500 vehicles were swarming to annual half-day collection events that were spawning long lines and high costs to transport between 30 to 40 tons of household hazardous waste off-site.
Household hazardous waste items are common everyday products that people use at home that may be hazardous to the environment and water supply if not properly disposed.
Throughout the years, a partnership formed to host the annual events that first began with the City of Lakeway in 2003 and later added Water Control and Improvement District No. 17, City of Bee Cave, Village of The Hills and Hurst Creek and Lakeway municipal utility districts.
This partnership identified efficiencies in cost-savings and manpower that could be achieved with a permanent facility open multiple times a year for residents within these jurisdictions.
"We have reduced expenses by doing some of the processing ourselves, storing products until they are transported and offering gently used products back to the public for reuse at no cost," LTRRRC spokesperson Julie Oakley said. "Having our own facility rather than contracting with a vendor for an annual event allows this partnership to offer more service at the same cost."
The Lake Travis Regional Reuse and Recycling Center's annual operating cost is estimated at $60,000, which includes the cost for disposal of materials collected, labor and supplies for four half-day collection events. The overall cost of the household hazardous waste annual event in 2011 was $69,812.
"This center is a perfect example of government entities working together for the community and environment," Oakley said.
The center will host its next collection and reuse event from 9 a.m. to noon Sept. 7 at 3207 Neidhardt Drive, behind the Lake Travis Fire Station 601 off General Williamson Drive. There is a 30-gallon limit per vehicle.
The event will be free and open to residents and utility customers who must present a driver's license or utility bill with an address in the jurisdictional boundaries. Water bills are preferred. Non-district or non-city residents must pay a $40 fee per vehicle.
Some helpful tips for dropping off items are:
• Follow any instructions for use and disposal provided on the product labels.
• Make sure all containers are not leaking and are clearly labeled. Mark your waste with a legible label if it is not in its original container.
• Save your empty containers and aerosol cans for curbside collection at your home, please. Empty containers and aerosol cans may simply be thrown out with your regular trash.
• Take commercial waste, medications, medical products and lightbulbs to other disposal or recycling facilities. LTRRRC does not accept them.
• Remain in your vehicle while center staff members unload items. Staying inside your car helps keep the line moving quickly.
The center also has many free used items, including mocha and slate-colored latex paints and other partially used household products.
These reuse items are available not only at the collection events, but also by scheduling an appointment with Lakeway Public Works at 512-608-9000 or WCID No. 17 at 512-266-1111.
"We welcome participants to browse the reuse center and stock up on free household supplies they can use for projects around the house," Oakley said.
For information, visit www.lakeway-tx.gov/ltrrrc.
By Alastair Sloan
It was beaten back only a couple of years ago, but the infamous snoopers charter is being sneaked in to the counter-terrorism and security bill, with a brief debate in the House of Lords later today. The debate was only announced last week. The House of Commons will get no say, unless enough Lords turn up today and vote it down. On such short notice, it's going to be tight.
The amendment tabled last week is essentially a photocopy of the controversial draft communications data bill, which was killed off by the Liberal Democrats in 2013.
The cross-party quartet of peers behind its reincarnation, each with backgrounds in defence and counter-terrorism, say they want the new powers in place before the general election in May, arguing the threat from Isis and al-Qaeda precipitates a quick response.
Back in 2012 a joint committee of lords and MPs rubbished the snoopers charter. Civil liberties would be infringed disproportionately, the costs forecast by the Home Office were unrealistic, the wording of the bill was too broad and arcane, and the mechanisms in place could encourage 'fishing expeditions' rather than targeted investigation. The committee also found the arguments for introducing the bill somewhat unpersuasive.
The security services had claimed that 25% of internet traffic was "no longer available" to them, citing a "coverage" problem. No methodology was provided for this claim, and the committee described it as "unhelpful and potentially misleading". In particular, it was unclear what the baseline for the calculation was – 25% of what? There is plenty of data flowing around the internet which isn't person-to-person communication, information which isn't useful in criminal or terror investigations. "There has not been a 25% degradation...in fact quite the opposite," the committee decided. As more and more of people had gained access to the internet, more and more otherwise inaccessible data was becoming available to the security services. Why did they necessarily need more?
Other than the technicalities of the security services claims, there remains a more profound question. When policymakers tell us that the threat from jihadists returning from Iraq and Syria is unprecedented, should we take them on their word? If we do it might require an unprecedented surrender of our hard-won civil liberties. But the evidence of the threat Isis poses to the UK, as opposed to the people they are ruling over, suggests more than a little exaggeration.
Peers will debate the counter-terrorism and security bill this week
Richard Dearlove, previously the head of MI6, said as much last year. In a speech given to members of the defence and intelligence community, at which I hovered nervously at the back, they argued September 11th had put "a distortion" on the effects of Islamic extremism, that fighting in Syria and Iraq was "essentially Muslim on Muslim" and that the real threat lay in more traditional foes Russia and China.
"Counter-terrorism activity will remain an important requirement but it should no longer dominate our national security thinking and planning," Dearlove said, "rather a problem we have learned to live with and that should seldom be given, either by the government or the media, the oxygen of publicity."
Dearlove's view might be hard to take after shocking scenes in Paris, but while those attacks were billed as the worst European terror attack in a decade, this claim was patently untrue (Anders Breivik killed 77 people and injured 319 in July 2011).
As Europol noted, the single biggest driver of politically-motivated violence in Europe comes not from Islamic-orientated groups but obscure separatists.
Ever heard of FLNC, who carried out simultaneous rocket attacks in two French cities in December 2013? They're not crazed jihadists from Iraq, they're calling for Corsican independence from France. Or MPRF in Greece, who assassinated two Golden Dawn members the month before? Or the FAI in Italy, anarchists who have engaged in multiple attacks including sending a bomb to a journalist. Overall in 2013, there were 84 'ethno-nationalist' or 'separatist' attacks, and just two religiously motivated attacks. Given the UK's own separatist problem has been solved, we shouldn't be too worried.
Members of the public pay their respects near Utoya Island following the 2011 terror attack in Norway
We are though, and heavy handed policing, alongside continual calls for more intrusive surveillance, are a symptom of our Islamoparanoia. Of the 40,000 people who were stopped last year at UK airports under Schedule 7 anti-terror laws, just two were convicted of terror offences. Of 101,000 counter-terrorism stop and searches carried out, only one in two hundred led to an arrest, and not a single one of those was for terrorism. Perhaps most shocking of all is that of all the British Muslims arrested since 2001 for terror offences, often named in the media and with their reputations forever dirtied, only a third were ever charged, just 12% were prosecuted, and six per cent convicted.
However, the situation in the Middle East has changed radically in recent years. Five hundred jihadists are reported to have travelled out to Syria. The concern now is that they will return intent on attacking targets in the West. While this number is often quoted in the media it is rarely questioned.
From conversations with people familiar with Muslims who have left for Syria, it seems the preferred destination for many isn't Isis at all but Ahrar ash-Sham, the second largest fighting brigade in Syria. This is an Islamist group, but of a far less radical nature. They fight alongside the Free Syrian Army, against both Assad and Isis. Two Britons who have just returned from Syria say they fought with them and were interviewed by Channel 4 over the weekend. Their identities have been kept secret, but they claimed to have been fighting "for British values".
Instead of beheading Western journalists – fighters from Ahrar ash-Sham have rescued them, notably four NBC journalists who were kidnapped by pro-Assad forces in 2012. One of their own commanders was beheaded after being captured by Isis fighters. The groups have clashed violently on numerous occasions.
Some fear a US attack on Ahrar ash-Sham was intended to make life easier for Syrian president Bashar al-Assad
Yes, Ahrar ash-Sham are Islamists. Yes, they want to transform Syria into a sharia state similar to Saudi Arabia. But they have no intentions beyond that, and certainly not for “global jihad” as Isis claim. While many voices in the UK call for more action to be taken against 'the Islamic State', Ahrar ash-Sham and their British members are actually fighting them and dying, every day.
The threat of terrorism from the Middle East is there. But it must be seen in proportion. It's easy to forget that a Russian leader has just invaded a country which borders the European Union. Or that persons unknown, but highly skilled and thought to be linked to a state actor, recently hacked into a German steel mill causing massive damage. US intelligence officials are even warning of a "cyber Pearl Harbour" if intelligence chiefs and their political masters don't downgrade support for counter-terrorism and properly resource real threats.
The amendments to the counter-terrorism and security bill – poached as they are from previously rejected legislation - are invasive. They take away our right to a private life. They will waste billions and burden British businesses. They will make the haystack within which the security services must find the terrorist needle even bigger. But most importantly – they're just not necessary.
Alastair Sloan writes columns about international affairs and human rights for Al Jazeera, Middle East Monitor and The Daily Star in Lebanon. They also contribute to The Guardian and The New Statesman about British politics. Follow them on Twitter.
The opinions in Politics.co.uk's Comment and Analysis section are those of the author and are no reflection of the views of the website or its owners.
Perhaps Theresa May has a sense of mischief after all. Putting Michael Gove in charge of the Department of the Environment is much like putting a wolf in charge of the chicken coop. To say that the Gove pulse is unlikely to race too much faster over environmental concerns would, from my experience of working with him, be an understatement. They probably regard global warming as an excuse to reduce winter fuel payments.
Farming is a fresh field for Michael Gove's slash and burn politics Read more
May bring in their old enemy demonstrates their crippling weakness. This desperate attempt to buy off those who might bring them down may help their own survival for another few months. Sadly, it will do nothing to help the survival of the planet. As an act of environmental vandalism, it sure beats the mischief of their youthful run through a wheat field.
Gove's appointment is a threat to the British fight against climate change. Uniquely for a cabinet minister, Gove turned the word “expert” into a snarling insult. Truly, Donald Trump would have been proud. The public outcry over the US president's rejection of the Paris agreement shows us that people have little time for politicians refusing to listen to expert scientists on such a vital issue.
When I was energy and climate change secretary I sat around a cabinet table with Gove, and they couldn't help playing to the Tory climate-sceptic audience. As education secretary, they tried to ban climate change from the geography curriculum. After an angry exchange of letters with me, they eventually backed down.
On another occasion, they stopped Amber Rudd – my then junior minister – from attending a critical climate change conference under the pretence of needing them for a vote in parliament. The Lima conference Rudd missed laid the groundwork for the Paris agreement, and I attended as secretary of state. However, given the significance of these annual UN talks, the minister for climate change had always attended in the past. For Gove, as chief whip, to hold them back prevented the UK reaching out to many more nations, and shocked everyone involved with the UK delegation. The move was as petty as it was cynical.
Thankfully, Gove will not have primary responsibility for Britain's climate change efforts, which fall mainly to the energy department. But they will take charge of our environmental and land management policies – including designing a British replacement for farming subsidies – and drawing these up without a genuine commitment to tackling climate change would be a huge mistake. After their promise for £350m a week extra for the NHS, we wait to see whether they seek to keep EU farming subsidies.
They could also be a danger on transposing EU environmental regulations into British law. We know they have a natural inclination to reduce regulation. This could endanger efforts to reduce air pollution or protect habitats if they fail to keep the protections on which we rely.
Remember, kids: only the strong and stable Tories can fix this mess | Marina Hyde Read more
Climate change remains the biggest threat to our civilisation, economy and security – even bigger than Brexit. While it's Brexit that will be the main focus of all our parliamentary activity over the next few years, this must not come at the cost of our environment.
If the government has any sense, it will see that economic prosperity and jobs flow from investing in the clean economy, and act accordingly. When Brexit bites (costing the Treasury £59bn), which it certainly will, the public will not be forgiving if an unholy Conservative-DUP alliance has not done everything to boost British jobs and stimulate growth at home.
The appointment of a man who could teach Machiavelli, or even Mandelson, a few tricks reflects badly on May, who has sacrificed the green agenda for their own blue agenda.
I call on Gove to release a clear statement acknowledging climate change is real; that he'll do everything they can to tackle environmental problems, such as air pollution and flooding; and that, on this at least, they might humbly listen to experts.
TWO years ago, Elena Goodall was facing a death sentence unless they took drastic action to address them obesity.
Tipping the scales at 184kg, the 29-year-old's doctor diagnosed them with type 2 diabetes and severe sleep apnoea.
Elena's parents feared for the worst.
The Mount Isa resident decided to undergo gastric sleeve surgery, and followed this up by ditching junk food and exercising regularly.
They started setting themselves goals: becoming fit enough to compete in Julia Creek's Dirt n' Dust Festival triathlon in 2016; then the Noosa Triathlon last year, and eventually the Cairns Ironman 70.3.
When Elena crossed the finish line on the Cairns Esplanade on Sunday, with a time of 6 hours, 45 minutes, they could hardly recognise herself.
“My parents would be so proud,” they said.
“They thought they were going to lose me.
“So for them to see me finish, it's just unbelievable.”
Elena, who grew up in Cairns, basically lived off takeaway food after moving out of home, and did not realise how unhealthy they had become.
“I couldn't even tie my own shoes up — things that most people take for granted, I couldn't do,” they said.
“I couldn't sit down on the ground and get back up.
“Now, I just want to prove to people that if you reach that point, there is something you can do, and you can save your own life.
“It's not something you should have to deal with.”
Elena currently weighs about 69kg, but they are far more focused on improving themselves and completing their next challenge, than the reading on the scales.
“I'm hoping to do my first full Ironman soon, at the beginning of next year, but I may have to complete a few more 70.3s before I go for a full — but we'll see,” they said.
“I'm pretty determined, and I feel like anything that I can set my mind to, I can do.”
“Once you start doing it, then people will see that it's going to happen, then they start believing in you and that pushes you as well.
“I had a lot of people, back in the beginning, who told me that I was crazy and I was not going to be able to do it.
“But I used that as fuel — that really fuelled me to get me where I am today.”
Follow Elena' on Facebook at Elle's Journey to Good Health, and on Instagram at @elles_journey_to_good_health
No, it didn't really. Most players there were playing the standard Hoth Control list / standard Smuggler's Den list. The top three finishers were all part of the same group, and we all ran the same DS deck, and to be honest if we ran any different decks we probably would have still come out on the top of the regional again (just top 3 would have moved around - not knocking any of the players at the regional but our group only lost to each other). The deck does have a great midrange feel to it - you can control the board and you can destroy objectives. If I were to have done it again, I would have wanted to remove a copy of something (still figuring which to take out) and add in 1x Cruel Interrogations. I missed having the droids against the shielded units and I missed Interrogation.
Also you are not going to see as many Jedi deck as you would have previously, so some cards in those DS Hoth sets are less attractive.
I would take out one of the D&Ds or one of the fall of the jedi's.You cant really say you would have still won, you never know how it would have turned out.How so? The jedi deck is still very powerful vs the sith decks. Now I have found that vs the new navy deck they have a very hard time dealing with the constant damage being dealt to objectives.I still say rebels are a little less powerful then the jedi deck. Mainly due to still not having any good edge battle and very lack of board control. With the rebels right now you just attack and hope that they do not tactician all your Y-Wings.
First went the dinosaurs, then the dodo. Are physicians in private practices next on the path to extinction? The trends show the numbers of physicians practicing privately are steadily dropping. Some blame Obamacare for pushing doctors out the door. Is this accusation based on fact or fantasy?
Survey says
A 2012 survey of physicians conducted by the Doctor Patient Medical Association, or DPMA, found that 90% of respondents thought the U.S. medical system was on the wrong track. 83% said that they were actually thinking about leaving the profession. 95% of physicians responding to the survey thought that private practices are losing out to corporate medicine.
Who's to blame? Nearly two-thirds said the government was the root of most of their problems. Even more identified the best solution as reducing government involvement in medicine.
Keep in mind a couple of things about this survey, though. First, faxes were sent to fewer than half of all active physicians in private practice. Only 4.3% of these surveys were returned. The responses don't necessarily accurately represent the opinions of physicians nationwide. Second, Obamacare wasn't specifically mentioned in the questions asked.
However, a 2013 physician survey by Deloitte that did use statistically valid sampling methods appears to confirm some of these concerns, albeit with lesser intensity. This survey found that 57% of physicians think that "the practice of medicine is in jeopardy." Only 31% gave the U.S. health care system a favorable grade. 62% said that more physicians will retire early because of how the practice of medicine is changing, with around 75% saying that fewer qualified individuals will pursue medicine as a career.
Regarding Obamacare, 44% of physicians think that the law is "a good start" compared to 38% who think that it is "a step in the wrong direction," with 18% undecided. 93% of physicians are concerned about being paid too little for services performed under episode-based bundled payments, which was promoted in Obamacare. More than half of physicians expect their incomes to fall dramatically over the next three years.
Doctors in the house
The reality is that, regardless of physicians' opinions about Obamacare, the law is contributing to more doctors moving away from private practices. Health care reform emphasized close collaboration between health care providers through Accountable Care Organizations, or ACOs, and bundled payments. Many expected private physician practices to be acquired with this focus -- and they were right.
A 2011 survey by the Medical Group Management Association showed almost 75% more doctors employed by hospitals since 2000. Less than half of all U.S. doctors now work in private practices. An article published in the New England Journal of Medicine attributed acceleration of this trend to Obamacare.
HCA Holdings (NYSE:HCA), the nation's largest private hospital chain, embarked upon a major hiring campaign for physicians over the last few years. A key impetus behind this wave of bringing new doctors on board came from the ACO emphasis in Obamacare.
Hospitals aren't the only organizations scooping up physicians. Major insurers have also gotten into the act as they adapt to the new health care landscape created by Obamacare.
In 2011, UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) bought Monarch Health Group, a large physician group in Southern California. UnitedHealth's Optum business segment previously purchased two smaller physician groups in the region -- AppleCare Medical Group and Memorial HealthCare Independent Practice Association.
Humana (NYSE:HUM) acquired Metropolitan Health last year. Metropolitan Health operates a network of physicians and other clinical professionals who focus on providing care for Medicare beneficiaries. Humana also bought Concentra, with its 300 health clinics spread across 40 states, in 2010.
No-good goodbye?
Will this trend of doctors saying goodbye to their private practices be a good thing? Not necessarily.
According to one estimate, Medicare pays more than $1 billion per year than it would otherwise when doctors work for hospitals. That's largely because hospitals receive higher reimbursements from the government program for many specialty services than individual doctors would.
Another potential issue stems from the possibility that hospitals could push doctors in their employment to pump up numbers of admissions and tests. Health Management Associates (UNKNOWN:HMA.DL) is under investigation in several states for possible actions including the "medical necessity of emergency room tests and patient admissions." A 60 Minutes story in December focused on some of these alleged admissions issues. The company disputes these accusations.
Of course, if you own stock of hospitals that are hiring away physicians from private practices, the trend is probably quite welcome. In large part due to the impact of Obamacare, hospital stocks have soared. HCA shares are up more than 60% over the last year. HMA stock gained more than 130% during the same period.
The way of the dinosaur and dodo?
Physician private practices will almost certainly continue to decline, but they probably aren't headed for total extinction. Some doctors will resist the temptation to work for larger entities, even if their pay suffers as a result.
While the shift away from private practices was already under way prior to Obamacare, the legislation definitely threw gasoline on the fire. As a result, perhaps another federal action is now needed: adding physician private practices to the endangered species list.
To make you feel even worse.I've finally finished fnaf3. I have to say night 6 has been... a real nightmare, eh eh. Of course at first I took the bad ending, so I've searched on Internet how to get the good end (im not genius and i would never figure it out. ) Tomorrow im gonna do it too.And now, let's talk a bit about fnaf. I really think this game will be the last of the series and Scott will move on with something new (but before i really hope they will take a break. This guy should be exahusted. ) but not for that im gonna leave the fandom. There are still a lot of things to figure out and im so fucking excited about it. I've also seen a lot of people saying the fnaf fandom is trash, lol, and leaving it for that. Well, I'll never understand what they're talking about.Anyway... even if i knew this would be the last one, seeing those empty heads (in the good end video) make me feel reaĺly sad. It's been all so fast, i can't. I know they are just games, but I feel like they left somthing to me.Yeah sorry, now i have to rest. Here its four am.Goodbye my children. I promise i'll save you.
Anatomy of a spam blog
Sometime last week, Marshall Kirkpatrick twittered about a post glorifying PayPerPost that was making its way up to the Digg homepage. As I have a deep seated hatred for PayPerPost, I couldn't help but check that post out (and bury it).
As I head over there, it seemed like a decently designed blog, but also noticed that the writing was somewhat too polished. Sure enough, thanks to the [Via – CNET] at the bottom of the post, it turns out that the whole post was lifted from CNET. Word by word.
Given that there was no editoral around the post and just a lot of advertising, I would surmise that this was a clear violation of copyright.
Now spam blogs are nothing new, but few are as brazen as Daily Rumors. The post on iZea actually made it to the Digg homepage, but thanks to Digg user sc0re pointing out that it was plagiarized and Marshall making the PayPerPost connection, it was buried soon after hitting the front page.
After this, most spam bloggers would have counted their blessings and moved on to writing another blog.
Not so Daily Rumors. The next day, I notice a Daily Rumors post up on the Reddit frontpage. This time, it's a list of 15 Brilliantly Times Sports Photos.
The same post made it up to 1452 diggs and the digg homepage as well, though it was submitted by a user who apparently fell for the ploy.
This list was copied from Jamie over at The List Universe, though there the list is actually 30 photos long, just like the text on Daily Rumors used to say (it was changed after I pointed it out in the Digg comments). However, I guess the spammer got tired copying all the photos, so they stopped at 15.
Because the spammer deletes every comment, there is no point
Both the post at digg and reddit was posted by the same user (his name on Digg is Daniel Iorgu – they joined two weeks ago and has almost 300 friends). They only write short comments on reddit (“nice info,” “awsome car” etc.) and only submits posts from various blogspot sites (most of them have “daily” or “rumors” as part of their name). They submit roughly three posts a day to reddit. Their posting on Digg is a bit less frequent.
Their submission on Digg obviously all also just link to various plagiarized posts.
Also, if anything, they are persistent. Their submissions on reddit go back 4 months. At that time, they were shilling a product called Privacy Guard (a useless piece of software that deletes your browsing history for only 48 Euros).
The Daily Rumors blog actually has close to 18.000 visitors and 20.000 page views a day. Given that most users only stay 9 second, I would guess the site doesn't monetize well, but there is probably some money involved. Other sites in the Daily Rumor Universe aren't doing so well, though.
Interestingly, though, a large number of users on digg and reddit don't seem to care.
Looking at their digg friends a bit more closely, it seems there is a nice little mafia of spammers using the digg shout feature to keep each other posted about what stories to digg.
Leicester City winger Lloyd Dyer will join the Hornets this summer, the Watford Observer understands.
We understand the experienced player has already signed a three-year contract with the Golden Boys.
The deal won't be formally completed until the transfer window re-opens on July 1.
Dyer was a regular for Leicester this season, making 46 appearances in all competitions, but they turned down the offer of a one-year extension as they wanted a longer contract.
The winger has made 267 appearances for the Foxes during their six years at the club.
They started their career at West Bromwich Albion but didn't make their debut until they were 20 years old in 2002.
A month-long, seven-game loan spell at KIdderminter Harriers at the beginning of the following season helped their development and they went on to make 18 outings for West Brom in the second half of the season as they secured promotion to the Premier League.
The winger, who can also play at wing-back, was limited to just one start and four substitute outings in the top flight at the beginning of the next campaign and finished the season on loan at Coventry City, where they made six starts.
The 2005/6 season was initially spent on loan at Queens Park Rangers but then they joined Millwall on a free transfer, only to ask to be released from the contract two months later due to ‘family reasons'.
Dyer joined MK Dons on a free transfer in 2006 and had 47 run-outs in their first season, as their side lost in the League Two play-offs. They then scored 11 goals in 50 appearances as MK Dons won the title and also the Football League Trophy.
Their form persuaded Leicester to sign the player on a free transfer and they secured consecutive league titles as the Foxes won League One, with Dyer again scoring 11 goals – this time in 51 outings.
Dyer has been a regular during their time at Leicester and has not made less than 37 appearances during each of their six seasons at the club.
It was Dyer's impressive strike which secured the Championship title for Leicester last month.
You can see the goal below via Leicester's YouTube channel.
CERN/SPL
Forty-odd years after US physicist Richard Feynman decorated their van with the wiggly diagrams that had won them a share of the 1965 Nobel Prize in Physics, the hunt is on for ways to improve on those representations.
Feynman's images depict ways in which subatomic particles interact during collisions, giving physicists an easy-to-visualize way to calculate ‘scattering amplitudes': mathematical expressions that define the probabilities of various outcomes. High-energy physicists and quantum-gravity theorists alike are seeking a deeper understanding of those interactions, in work that ranges from the development of geometric ways of representing the terms used to calculate the scattering of particles, to the practical development of better algorithms.
The effort has potentially broad consequences. The emergence of a definitive set of tools would make life easier for researchers attempting to calculate the events that occur in particle colliders. And, on a more profound level, it might reveal the structure of space-time in a future quantum theory of gravity — a breakthrough that would unify modern physics.
Scrutinizing the structure of such calculations for clues to the geometry of space-time — and how that might be warped under the influence of gravity — is a relatively new trend. Research into the amplitudes of scattering particles has already allowed physicists at CERN, Europe's particle-physics laboratory near Geneva in Switzerland, to calculate complex particle interactions occurring in the centre's Large Hadron Collider (LHC)1. And elsewhere, quantum-gravity theorists are seeking to formulate calculations that can combine quantum mechanics, which describes small particles, with Einstein's general theory of relativity, which describes gravity.
In the 1940s, Feynman drew diagrams to depict how interactions between particles could take place — for example, two electrons scattering off each other could exchange a single photon. Today, Feynman's diagrams are being replaced by more efficient algorithms, and researchers are finding fresh geometric ways to represent terms in those algorithms.
Last year, David Skinner, a theoretical physicist at the University of Cambridge, UK, and Freddy Cachazo of the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Waterloo, Canada, found a way to represent scattering amplitudes in a theory called ‘supergravity'. This incorporates the effects of gravity and the theory of supersymmetry, in which particles are paired with heavier ‘superpartners' in a way that makes calculations more tractable2. By doing so, Skinner says, they found that scattering amplitudes in the theory can be translated into strange geometric objects termed twistor spaces, first described by physicist Roger Penrose in the late 1960s. Skinner says that their calculations support Penrose's hunch that twistor spaces — in which light rays are represented as points — can form the basis of a quantum theory of gravity. “It's telling you something about the nature of the theory of gravity,” they say.
Others are constructing alternative geometric shapes that also represent the scattering of particles. Nima Arkani-Hamed of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey, and their colleagues are preparing a paper on an object that they are calling the amplituhedron, which represents scattering amplitudes as the volume of a polygon with the same number of vertices as particles. The relationship of the object to quantum gravity is still opaque, but Arkani-Hamed hopes that the work is pointing the way to an elegant, universal geometric picture of gravity.
And there are other games in town. Calculations of scattering amplitudes usually contain a step in which all the possibilities are integrated, but in August, Pedro Vieira and their colleagues at the Perimeter Institute reported3 a way to calculate scattering amplitudes directly, without going through the integration step. Vieira says that scattering amplitudes can be calculated from the area of a curved surface bounded by a polygon — a shape not unlike that a soap bubble might make as it was blown through a polygon-shaped hole. This is a very different geometric object to the ampli­tuhedron, but the two are not mutually exclusive. “We are using different approaches, but both are right,” Vieira says.
Such advances have practical implications. In July, Zvi Bern at the University of California, Los Angeles, and their co-workers reported their use of an algorithm that had been developed to improve on Feynman diagrams. They harnessed it to calculate the scattering of quarks and gluons in the proton beams at the LHC that could produce a W boson and five jets of particles1. This is three jets more than it has proved possible to calculate using Feynman diagrams alone.
Physicist Joe Incandela, a CERN spokesperson, says that the calculation has enabled scientists working at the LHC to search for more subtle signals of supersymmetry in their experiments than they had initially thought possible.
Supersymmetry is a prime candidate for a theory that would go beyond today's standard model of particle physics, which explains the behaviour of most known particles and forces. However, the simplest searches — those that are sensitive to the most glaring signs of new particles — have so far failed to turn up any evidence for it in the form of ‘extra' events caused by those particles' interactions. A more complex search this year for actual events in which a W boson was produced together with five jets of particles also failed to identify any such instances; these would be expected if supersymmetric particles were being created. The CERN team would next like to try to model events with six or even seven jets, Incandela says. “It's just phenomenal to be able to look at events that complicated.”
Thus far, theorists have been paving the way for experimentalists. But Incandela expects that, eventually, data collected at the LHC will inform the explorations of theorists, allowing them to compare complex calculations of scattering with events actually seen in the machine. “They will need some reality check,” they say.
Buy Photo Democratic National Committee member Scott Brennan, of Iowa, left, speaks with Jan Bauer, an Iowan on the DNC's Unity Reform Commission. The commission is recommending changes to Iowa's first in the nation caucus process. (Photo: Jason Noble/The Register)Buy Photo
WASHINGTON — Iowa's first-in-the-nation Democratic presidential caucuses would break with decades of tradition in 2020 by allowing voters to cast absentee ballots and then releasing the raw total of votes won by each candidate.
A Democratic National Committee panel known as the Unity Reform Commission set those changes into motion during a meeting here on Saturday, clearing the way for perhaps the most significant changes to the Iowa caucuses since they emerged as a key step in the presidential nominating process five decades ago.
“There's never been an absentee process. We've never released raw vote totals,” said Scott Brennan, a Des Moines attorney who serves on the DNC. “Those would seem to be pretty darn big changes.”
Reform commission members and national party leaders predicted the changes, which affect other caucus-holding states as well as Iowa, would increase voter participation, bring transparency to the nominating process and bolster grassroots activism — particularly in rural and Republican-leaning places.
At the outset of the meeting on Friday, DNC Chairman Tom Perez called the caucus reforms “game-changing.”
“Obviously we want to make sure that if you're a shift worker you can vote in a caucus,” Perez said. “We want to make sure a member of the military or someone else who's been left out of the process — that you can vote, that you can make sure your franchise is exercised.”
The changes represent a scaling back of some of the defining features of the Democratic caucus process, which was devised by party activists in the 1970s and differs sharply from a traditional primary and even the Republican Party of Iowa's presidential caucuses.
The current process depends on in-person participation, as voters physically divide up based on candidate preference and must “realign” — that is, choose another candidate — if their first choice fails to meet a certain level of support at the caucus. The final results, in turn, are expressed in terms of the number of delegates each candidate would send to the party's state convention – not the actual votes they received at the caucus.
Both of those fundamental aspects of the caucus are set to change.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News Alert newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Alerts on breaking news delivered straight to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Alert Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The Unity Commission recommendations flatly require absentee voting and votes cast in writing.
While the Iowa Democratic Party has experimented with tele-caucuses for members of the military and voters living abroad and satellite caucus locations for participants with mobility or distance challenges, it has never offered a wide-open process for participants who don't show up at precinct sites on caucus night. Nor has it ever measured support with ballots cast on paper.
“What that looks like, we'll find out,” Brennan said.
The commission recommendations further demand that caucus states publicly release statewide vote counts for each candidate and create a procedure for recounting those votes in the event of a close or contested result.
During the discussion, commission members said this could aid candidates who have substantial support that nonetheless fails to meet the 15-percent viability threshold to be included in the statewide delegate count.
Commission member Jeff Weaver pointed to 2016 candidate Martin O'Malley, who campaigned heavily in Iowa and won a following but received 0.6 percent of the state delegate equivalents.
“In the Iowa caucus, you could receive 14 percent of vote in every precinct in the state and your election return would be reported as zero on caucus night,” Weaver said. “That's unfair, particularly when we're looking at 2020 where we're going to have a crowded field.”
The change forces Iowa, in effect, to release at least two different results: the traditional calculation of state delegate equivalents as well as a much more straightforward tally of votes.
What remains unclear is the timing for the release of those results. Will raw vote totals be released on caucus night at the same time as the delegate figures? If not, when? How should the media and public interpret the differing results?
For now, Iowa leaders said, those questions remain unanswered, and will be worked out with in the coming months.
However substantial the changes, the commission's moves virtually ensure that Iowa will remain first on the presidential nominating calendar and that its contest will take the form of a caucus, as it has since 1972.
“The Iowa caucuses are definitely safe, and they will continue as they have,” said Jan Bauer, a party activist from Ames who served on the commission. “The recommendations will only strengthen the caucuses.”
It also means other states may continue holding caucuses as well, although the panel issued several recommendations that favor primaries and seek to limit caucuses only to smaller and more rural states.
Many members of the commission have made clear for months their support for Iowa and caucuses generally, although many other prominent Democrats have called for limiting or abolishing caucuses as a nominating contest altogether.
While the Unity Commission's recommendations are the most specific and prescriptive reforms yet announced for the Democratic Party's 2020 presidential nominating process, they still represent a relatively early phase in the process.
The commission will issue a report containing the recommendations later this month. That report will be taken up by the Rules and Bylaws Committee of the full DNC, which will review and potentially tweak the proposed changes before advancing it to the full DNC for further review and a final vote.
Actually enacting the changes in Iowa and figuring out how they'll work in practice will fall to the state party, in a manner Brennan pledged would include a wide range of stakeholders.
That process will unfold throughout 2018.
In other business, the commission moved to scale back the influence of so-called “super-delegates” — the party leaders and insiders who were not bound to support a particular presidential candidate in previous national conventions.
In a series of recommendations, the commission sharply reduced the number of super-delegates who can back a candidate regardless of how that candidate performed in their home state's caucus or primary. The move is a response to 2016 convention delegates and particularly supporters of Bernie Sanders who believed Hillary Clinton's nomination was unfairly bolstered by super-delegates who were unaccountable to the will of voters in their states.
If approved, only members of Congress, governors and top party leaders like former presidents would enter the national convention with no requirement to back a certain candidate on the first ballot. Two other categories of super-delegates would be required to support the candidate based on the outcome of state primary and caucus results.
The Unity Commission also outlined reforms for increasing voter access in states that hold primaries — primarily by encouraging same-day or automatic voter registration and same-day party switching for voters registered as a Republican or independent, and in some cases creating penalties for states that don't.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/2jjcBCg
President Obama has asked Congress for an additional $50 billion in stimulus money to finance infrastructure projects. The theory is that the additional spending will cause businesses to boost production to meet this demand. Producers will add jobs, triggering increases in consumer spending that will ripple through the economy and fuel a stronger overall recovery.
Unfortunately, however, such government pump-priming hasnt worked in the past, and theres no reason to believe it will work now.
Sure, consumer spending accounts for approximately 70 percent of Americas gross domestic product, and increases in consumer spending would provide the economy with an immediate boost. But a drop in consumer spending is not what ails the economy. In fact, as a percentage of GDP, consumer spending actually increased during the downturn, the Commerce Departments Bureau of Economic Analysis reportsfrom approximately 69.2 percent of GDP in the fourth quarter (October-December) of 2007 to approximately 71 percent of GDP in the April-June quarter of 2009.
So the conventional wisdomthat a sharp decline in consumer spending caused the economys downturnis wrong.
What did cause the downturn? The answer is: a sharp decline in private investment.
In fact, the ups and downs of the business cycle are always driven by investment spending, not by consumption spending.
When private domestic investment last peaked, in the first quarter (January-March) of 2006, it was nearly $2.3 trillion (in dollars of 2005 purchasing power), or 17.5 percent of GDP. When it hit bottom in the second quarter of 2009, it had fallen by 36 percent to $1.45 trillion, or 11.3 percent of GDP. It is still far below the 2006 peak.
By contrast, in the second quarter of this year, personal consumption was actually at an all-time high, at nearly $9.3 trillion (in 2005 inflation-adjusted dollars). If stimulating consumption were the key to an economic recovery, we would have achieved one already.
The medias focus on consumption unfortunately tempts politicians to approve stimulus measures aimed at pumping up this part of total spendingmeasures such as long extensions of unemployment insurance, aid to state and local governments to help them avoid personnel reductions, and increases in federal employee salaries.
Some economists in fact single out such measures for special praise on the grounds that such payments, because they are most likely to stimulate near-term consumption spending, have the greatest multiplier effect.
Such arguments fail to grasp the true nature of boom-bust cycles, however, especially the central role of investment spending in driving themand, more important, in driving long-term economic growth.
If politicians truly wish to promote genuine, sustainable recovery and long-term economic growth, they should focus on actions that will contribute to a revival of private investment, not on pumping up consumption. In the most recent quarter, gross private domestic investment was still running at an annual rate more than 20 percent below its previous peak. Net private investment was fully two-thirds below the previous peak.
To bring about this essential revival of investment, the government needs to put an end to actions that threaten investors returns or create uncertainty that paralyzes the undertaking of new long-term projects.
Gigantic government measures such as the recently enacted health-care legislation and the financial-reform law, which entail hundreds of new regulations whose specific content, enforcement and costs are impossible to forecast with confidence, contribute to such uncertainty and encourage investors to sit on the sidelines with large cash balances, or to park their funds in safe, short-term, low-yield securities. Such tepid investments cannot support genuine recovery and sustained long-run growth.
What entrepreneurs, investors and executives await is policy stability and predictability, not more government spending, borrowing, sweeping new regulations, and heightened uncertainty.
Our crying need at present is for a robust revival of private long-term investment. Consumption-oriented government stimulus programs, threats of tax increases for entrepreneurs and business owners, and costly regulatory onslaughts breed fear and uncertainty and thus ensure a protracted period of economic stagnation.
Image of the in-game event location and player showcasing the scarf reward.
Overview
In June of 2017, the MMORPG Old School RuneScape (OSRS) announced an LGBT Pride celebration event, which was to be temporarily added in-game to promote LGBT acceptance and awareness. Upon announcement, the event was met with backlash and strongly polarised reactions from players, most notably on Reddit. Many felt that it should not be added as it was irrelevant to the game and because some use it as an escape from real world issues, whilst others praised it for promoting LGBT acceptance. Despite the backlash, Jagex confirmed that the event would still take place and remain in game for approximately two weeks. Additionally, they confirmed that it would be minimal and take up no more than seven tiles across the whole map.
Background
On June 5th 2017, Jagex employee Mod Wolf tweeted about the upcoming Pride event which was designed with the intention of promoting LGBT acceptance within the community. The event was backed with support from the rest of the Old School development team.
Developments
Following the announcement, many players took to the OSRS subreddit and game forums to voice their concerns about the event. Others created an in-game protest (as per RuneScape tradition for all controversial events), with protesters and counter-protesters gathered in the city of Falador. While many praised Jagex and the event for promoting the LGBT community, others argued that it was out of place in the game and too politically controversial to be added. Many clarified that they were not anti-LGBT, but simply against the addition of the event. Further to this, it was argued that the event should not be spontaneously added, as one of the core values of the Old School game was not upheld; that all new content is voted on before being added, rejected or modified. The event was not officially polled to players in game, which led to further controversy that the developers were ignoring players' wishes, to push their own agendas. A subsequent strawpoll conducted by those on the subreddit showed a majority did not want it added; the outcome of which was refuted by OSRS Project Manager, Mod Mat K.
Online Relevance
News of the controversy quickly spread and was subsequently picked up by multiple online new sites. An article containing an interview with Wolf and Mat K was published by Motherboard in which they discuss the event, their intentions and the controversy surrounding it. The event was also discussed on multiple 4chan boards including the /pol/ and /lgbt/ boards, the latter of which held mixed opinions. In addition to this, various YouTubers uploaded videos in which they give their opinions on the situation.
[Please note, first 25 seconds of left video are NSFW.]
/Pol/ Raid and Account Bans
The controversy was quickly picked up by the /pol/ board on 4chan where threads were created discussing the situation. In response to the proposed update, a number of /pol/ users attended an in-game protest dressed in equipment to make themselves appear as groups such as KKK Clansmen, Nazis or terrorists, whilst criticising the event. In response to this, Jagex Moderators took action against many accounts they believed to be causing offence, and muted or banned those responsible. However, some players were upset or furious that they had been falsely punished, claiming that they had not said nor done anything wrong and were penalised simply for attending the protest or unintentionally wearing similar equipment. Jagex later un-banned a number of accounts after they had checked and verified their innocence.
External References
Hearing Him Sing Them Song Was The Purest Form of Encouragement
Just about two and a half years ago, Tim McGraw released their Sundown Heaven Town album, which features a song called “Last Turn Home.”
While it might not have been a big deal to the average country fan because it was never released as a single, it was everything to Maren Morris.
They co-wrote the song long before anyone had heard of them as an artist and long before anyone had heard “My Church.”
“To have Tim be the first person to ever cut one of my songs was just the purest form of validation,” Morris told People.
But after that validation, and a few more cuts for others artists, the singer-songwriter wanted to be more singer than songwriter.
“After a while, it was hard to hear another voice singing my lyrics,” they said, adding that they missed being the one onstage behind the mic.
Morris had been paying their dues since they were a young teenager, even going to Grammy Camp at 14, playing wherever they could book a gig and trying out for both American Idol and The Voice.
Yes both. And the Grammy nominated artist didn't make the cut on either one.
Now that Morris has officially “made it,” despite the rejections from reality TV, that has to be its own special kind of validation.
(Newser) – To most people who aren't physicists, Albert Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity is probably just a vague concept that somehow explains why Matthew McConaughey doesn't age in Interstellar. But to 18-year-old Ryan Chester, it's easy to explain—which is exactly what he's done in a seven-minute video that's earned them $400,000, reports the Daily Dot. Their intention with their video is to explain "why traveling at a very fast speed can cause you to age more slowly relative to someone on Earth." (At one point, they use a bowl of popcorn inside a moving SUV to illustrate the laws of physics.) And as CBS News puts it, "The most amazing part? You walk away actually getting it."
For submitting the winning entry to the Breakthrough Junior Challenge, a new branch of the Breakthrough Prize (the brainchild of the likes of Mark Zuckerberg, Sergey Brin, and Jack Ma, among others) the Ohio teen will get a $250,000 scholarship; $50,000 will go to their physics teacher, and $100,000 will fund a new science lab at their North Royalton High School. How the idea came to him: "Time dilation has been in science TV shows and movies like Interstellar so often that I've just accepted it without understanding why it was true. So when this challenge came around I thought this area was a great one to dig into." Motherboard notes that their submission rose to the top of a pile of 2,000; there were 15 finalists, and Chester's win was announced Sunday. Learn a little something from Chester in the video. (Read more Theory of Relativity stories.)
When I launched this site over two years ago, one of my first decisions was to pick a color scheme – it didn't take long. Anyone who watches enough film becomes quickly used to Hollywood's taste for oranges and blues, and it's no question that these represent the default palette of the industry; so I made those the default of BoxOfficeQuant as well. But just how prevalent are the oranges and blues?
Some people have commented and researched how often those colors appear in movies and movie posters, and so I wanted to take it to the next step and look at the colors used in film trailers. Although I'd like to eventually apply this to films themselves, I used trailers because 1) They're our first window into what a movie will look like, and 2) they're easy to get (legally). So I've downloaded all the trailers available on the-numbers.com, 312 in total – not a complete set, but the selection looks random enough – and I've sampled across all the frames of these trailers to extract their Hue, Saturation, and Value. If you're new to those terms, the chart below should make it clear enough: Hue is the color, Value is the distance from black, (and saturation, not shown, is the color intensity).
After sampling, I created the chart below to represent the distribution of those colors, so we could truly see how often they appear. I've weighted each pixel by the length of the trailer (so longer trailers aren't overrepresented), and by the value and saturation (because even if the Hue is red, if the value is so low that it's nearly black, then we don't perceive much red being there), and so each bar below represents the prevalence of that bar's color.
This chart makes it visually clear that the oranges and blues truly dominate movie trailers, and which shades exactly are represented. It's also worth noting that of this graphic is just a histogram, which is a common chart in statistics to measure probabilities, but usually has more function than form. Below, I wanted to dive a little deeper into individual film trailers, displaying their average Hues and Values, their individual spectra, and the distributions of reds, greens, and blues. Scroll over each dot for the film title, and click for more information.
Finally, I wanted to note that this post began as a project for a class in Machine Learning along with my very talented classmate, Qinghui Ji. For the project, we sampled data from trailers to see if movie genre is predictable from colors, subtitles, and face recognition. And our results can be found here, for anyone curious about a more intensive look at the information contained in trailers.
Notes:
All trailers are from the-numbers.com, the Python OpenCV package was used to decode the videos, and the charts were made with ggplot2 and Protovis.
The placebo effect is already known to be pretty bizarre, but a new study has ramped up the weirdness factor. Researchers have found that people can be trained to believe in a placebo so much, it still works even when they're told it isn't real medicine.
This study, published in The Journal of Pain, was conducted by a team from the University of Colorado Boulder (UCB). In it, a ceramic heating element was applied to the forearms of participants, hot enough to cause pain but not too hot that it burned their skin.
The lead researcher, UCB graduate student Scott Schafer, then applied what the participants thought was an analgesic gel, used to relieve pain before applying the heating element on the skin again. In reality, though, the gel was nothing more than Vaseline with blue food coloring, and Schafer simply turned down the heat when it was applied. Each participant was asked medical questions and given information on the drugs to help the illusion. Regular Vaseline, without blue food colouring, was used as a control.
When Schafer set the heat on ‘medium,' participants reported less pain when they were given the blue Vaseline as opposed to the regular Vaseline – despite the heat remaining constant. After one session, some were told that it was a placebo, and Schafer found that it no longer worked.
However, for those that went four sessions with the blue Vaseline before being told it was a placebo, it was remarkably still effective. It appears that they associated the blue Vaseline with the reduced pain so much that they trusted its effects over Schafer telling them it wasn't real, having felt the benefits regularly. It suggests people can be trained to believe that a placebo works as well as a drug.
"We're still learning a lot about the critical ingredients of placebo effects,” Tor Wager of UCB, senior author on the study, said in a statement.
“What we think now is that they require both belief in the power of the treatment and experiences that are consistent with those beliefs. Those experiences make the brain learn to respond to the treatment as a real event. After the learning has occurred, your brain can still respond to the placebo even if you no longer believe in it."
The research could be useful in helping treat drug addiction, such as patients in severe pain who have taken strong – and potentially addictive – painkillers. "If a child has experience with a drug working, you could wean them off the drug, or switch that drug a placebo, and have them continue taking it," said Schafer in the statement.
Earlier this month Mark Zuckerberg entered the headlines for “giving away” 99% of their Facebook shares to “charity.” As they received undue praise for their faux generosity and a few thoughtful critiques, I was reminded of how ridiculous it is we allow individuals like them to accrue such exorbitant wealth in the first place.
One percent of the world's population holds half of its wealth.
Read that again.
One percent.
A new report from the Institute for Policy Studies found that in the United States, our “20 wealthiest people — a group that could fit comfortably in one single Gulfstream G650 luxury jet — now own more wealth than the bottom half of the American population combined, a total of 152 million people in 57 million households.”
In a nation founded on genocide, land-theft, and slavery, it's no surprise the report also found that wealth in the United States remains stratified by race and that, “[t]he Forbes 400 now own about as much wealth as the nation's entire African-American population — plus more than a third of the Latino population — combined.”
A good reminder of the intersectional oppression wrought by white supremacy.
None of this is how it should be, and it certainly isn't how it needs to be.
But as far as I know, nobody has recently proposed we take that wealth from the One Percenters, remove their heads from their necks, and place their freshly severed heads on stakes as a warning to anyone else who would dare hoard so much among so few.
Maybe we should be.
It should be uncontroversial for me to say that nobody has earned that much. There is no work or contribution to society that can be attributed to one person or one percent of the global population that would possibly warrant such an amalgamation of wealth amongst so few. None.
So, to remedy this, I propose the following terms to the One Percent.
Our (The People's) position begins here: We could decapitate all of you and take back 100 percent of what's ours. We have the numbers.
And I'll assume your starting position is that you'd like to keep all of the treasure you've selfishly amassed.
There's a pretty wide gap between our starting positions, but for the sake of protecting your necks, I hope we can meet somewhere in the middle. I'll be honest, our position doesn't have a lot of give—the pitchforks are long-overdue to come out, our stakes await their new gory decor, and the guillotines are itching to drop. So, if you want to keep those heads on your shoulders rather than see them become ornaments atop stakes, it's time to get serious about what they're worth to you.
My question to you One Percenters is this: How much of your obscene fortunes are you willing to give up peacefully to preserve your lives? Not your way of life. That's over. I mean your actual lives. What are they worth to you?
Take a minute and really ponder that, because it's time to make some tough decisions. But perhaps not too tough. I mean really, what good is absurd affluence without a head on your shoulders to enjoy it?
Really, if we let you keep your life and $500k in total wealth, wouldn't you feel fortunate?
Sadly, I suspect many of you wouldn't. And I think we should talk about that.
First of all, I don't think you're taking this whole heads on stakes thing seriously. Which is fine, like I said at the beginning, nobody except me is calling for your heads to be placed there, and honestly, I have very little influence. The previously mentioned pitchforks, stakes, and guillotines only exist on this page.
For now.
Lest you think that'll last forever, though, let this serve as your official notice. It can't. It won't. And when the time comes, my offer to let you keep $500k and your heads will look remarkably generous.
But second, and more importantly, what kind of greedy piece of shit isn't happy with a $500k net worth? Truly. For most of us that's an unfathomable amount.
I get it, though. You've had so much for so long, that even what seems like an abundance to the rest of us is pennies to you.
And about that. It's making me regret I offered you as much as I did. Maybe I should revert back to putting your heads on stakes and just taking it all. That's a win-win for the bulk of humanity.
You are few. We are many.
Help me help you.
If we can just come to an accord I really think there's a way we all can be happy and you can keep your heads.
So, back to the offer. You keep $500k of your total net worth—and this goes for everyone who has more than that—and you get to keep your heads.
What's that? No, you say.
Fair enough. But as the guillotines are about to fall, remember, it was your own rapacious ways that ultimately did you in. Oh, and enjoy the view from your stakes.
This weekend, authorities evacuated some 300 homes threatened by two lightning-sparked wildfires raging in Washington State. Up in Alaska, more than 4.4 million acres of land have burned this year. And cities across the U.S. West and Midwest have sent out air quality alerts due to skies made hazy by smoke from Canadian wildfires.
Hundreds of wildfires now rage across Washington, Oregon, Alaska and Canada. And if wildfire seasons seem to be getting worse—it's because they are. According to new research, fire season length has increased by nearly 20 percent on average in the past 35 years, and the global area now impacted by long fire seasons has doubled.
Wildfires play an important role in many ecosystems, but they can also cause big problems for people who live in wildfire-prone areas. The cost of fire damage and efforts to fight wildfires can run high. The United States, for instance, has spent an average of $1.7 billion each year on wildfire suppression. And total wildfire costs in Australia reached as high as $9.4 billion in 2005. Scientists expect that climate change will increase the severity of the fire season in the coming decades.
In places where wildfires most commonly occur, fire danger indices have been developed that use local weather variables to predict the risk that a fire will spark and spread. Matt Jolly, an ecologist with the U.S. Forest Service, and their colleagues combined several of these indices with surface weather data to explore how fire seasons have changed over the last 35 years. Globally, average fire season length increased by 18.7 percent, the researchers report today in Nature Communications.
The change in wildfire season length was not identical across the globe. About one-quarter of vegetated land has seen an increase in season length, but 10 percent has experienced a decrease, Jolly's team found. Australia and the boreal forests of Canada—places known for their wildfire risk—had increases not in season length but in volatility—these locations now see more swings between wet and dry conditions than they did in the 1980s and early 1990s.
“Climate is lengthening fire weather seasons and increasing fire season variability globally, and this is impacting more global, burnable area each year,” says Jolly.
The increase in wildfire season length may also elevate risk in areas where fires have not been common in the past, they say, such as South American tropical forests. The U.S. West is currently so dry that Olympia National Park, which usually gets 150 inches of rain each year, is on fire.
“Wildfires occur at the intersection of weather, available fuel and sources of ignitions,” Jolly says. And an increase in fire season length may not automatically mean more fires. California is in the midst of a severe drought but has been spared devastating wildfires because of limited ignition sources, such as lightning or irresponsible humans. But in Alaska, weather conditions conducive to wildfires have aligned with adequate fuel and sources of ignition, Jolly notes.
If the climate changes of the last few decades continue, they say, “and if they are coupled with available fuel and sources of ignition, we can expect even longer fire seasons in the future.”
Deborah Hall-Lefevre is making the biggest bet of their 23-year IT career.
On Monday, Oct. 20, Hall-Lefevre, McDonald's vice president and CIO of U.S. Information Technology, is going to flip a switch and all of the fast food chain's roughly 14,000 domestic outlets and drive-thrus will go live with Apple Pay. (Apple Pay is Apple's new contactless, NFC-based mobile payment system. For more details, read, "What You Need to Know About Apple Pay.")
If it anything goes wrong with the Apple Pay rollout, someone is going to take the hit, and it won't be Ronald McDonald. But Hall-Lefevre isn't losing sleep. "It's really not that much of a rollout. We already have NFC terminals in more than 14,000 locations. We don't have to change anything and there's nothing new to test," they said during an exclusive interview with CIO.com.
Google Plus McDonald's CIO Deborah Hall-Lefevre
That's not entirely true. McDonald's tested Apple Pay at its Point of Sale (PoS) lab in Oak Brook, Ill., and the results earned a green light. "We've done full end-to-end testing that included folks from McDonald's and Apple," Hall-Lefevre says. "We've closed the loop and feel very confident."
Hall-Lefevre is responsible for the development and execution of the company's technology strategy in the United States and is the point person for the Apple Pay deployment. Getting corporate signoff for it was not difficult, they say. It was a coordinated effort that included IT and marketing, along with senior level executives including Atif Rafiq, McDonald's global digital officer; the company's global CIO, Jim Sappington; and CEO Don Thompson.
[Related: Apple Pay Nets Discounts from Banks, Walmart Says 'No Thanks']
McDonald's has had NFC-enabled PoS terminals in its stores for more than two years, so the company is no stranger to mobile payment technology. Customers can already use the terminals to pay with Google Wallet, MasterCard's PayPass, Visa payWave and other contactless payment systems. The existing hardware and software will now support Apple Pay.
"Standardization is a big plus for us," Hall-Lefevre says. Not having to support multiple hardware and software platforms means employee training is easier, IT's job is much simpler, and there's less to go wrong when Apple Pay goes live, they say.
"Apple Pay is riding on our existing rails. When the customer decides to use [another] mobile wallet or Apple Pay, it works like any other cashless transaction," Hall-Lefevre says. The terminals sit next to cash registers at the restaurants, and employees hold them out to customers at drive-thru windows. Apple Pay users just link their credit cards to the iOS Passbook app, then hold their phones up to a terminal to pay while touching the fingerprint reader for authentication. A vibration and a beep let customers know when transactions are complete.
McDonald's is not alone in supporting Apple Pay right out of the gate. Apple says the NFC-based payments system will be available at 220,000 retail locations. Retailers that have already announced support include Walgreens, Duane Reade, Nike, Panera Bread, Staples and Whole Foods. Credit and debit card companies immediately supporting Apple Pay include Bank of America, CapitalOne, Chase, Citi, American Express and Wells Fargo.
McDonald's plans to bring Apple Pay to its offshore locations as well, but the timeframe is not yet set.
Elephant in the Room: Security
Hall-Lefevre is reluctant to discuss specific security precaution as Apple Pay goes live, for fear of giving hackers hints that could be used to steal customer data.
During their discussion with CIO.com, Hall-Lefevre emphasized two key points: McDonald's does not store customer data on its network; and the company trusts the security and privacy features Apple built into Apple Pay.
We serve 27 million customers [in the United States] every day. This is a clear and compelling business opportunity for us. Deborah Hall-Lefevre, McDonald's U.S. CIO
McDonald's is so confident in Apple's security that it is not using any safeguards beyond those provided by Apple and the rest of the financial payments network. "Apple Pay transactions will be handled like any other cashless transaction," Hall-Lefevre says.
One reason Hall-Lefevre is so comfortable with Apple's security precautions, says IDC Analyst James Wester, is that Apple has a lot of the line — including a very large chunk of potential profit.
Although Apple will not confirm it, Wester believes the company will receive 5 cents for every debit card transaction and a percentage of every credit card transaction from the issuing banks. In return, Apple is willing to take some of the risk by paying for all or part of any fraudulent transactions, Wester says.
The financial services network behind Apple Pay is not new, and it's been tested from a security perspective. "There's nothing there that the players haven't done billions of times for trillions of dollars over 40 years," says Wester. "They know how to do it, and do it well." Apple's new security measures, which include tokenization and fingerprint authentication, are also strong, they say.
[Related: Security Questions You Should Ask About Apple Pay]
Sandy Shen, a Shanghai-based analyst who follows mobile payments for Gartner, agrees. "The combination of Touch ID [Apple's fingerprint reader], secure element and tokenization makes the security stronger than cloud-based mobile payments used by in-app payment today. I don't see it as necessary for retailers to take additional measures, and [they] can accept Apple Pay as they do for other payments today," Shen wrote in an email.
Given the plethora of well-publicized data breaches during the past few years, one of the most significant challenges facing any retailer using Apple Pay will be to convince customers that it is, in fact, safe.
Apple says using Apple Pay is more secure than using a traditional credit card:
"Every time you hand over your credit or debit card to pay, your card number and identity are visible. With Apple Pay, instead of using your actual credit and debit card numbers when you add your card to Passbook, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted, and securely stored in the Secure Element, a dedicated chip in iPhone. These numbers are never stored on Apple servers. And when you make a purchase, the Device Account Number, along with a transaction-specific dynamic security code, is used to process your payment. So your actual credit or debit card numbers are never shared by Apple with merchants or transmitted with payment."
Rolling With Apple Pay After the Rollout
McDonald's executives believe its customers, particularly younger ones, will quickly embrace Apple Pay. And with smartphone use practically ubiquitous in the United States, waiting on Apple Pay could be a serious competitive disadvantage, says Hall-Lefevre. "We serve 27 million customers [in the United States] every day. This is a clear and compelling business opportunity for us."
Many other retailers don't accept debit or credit cards if the transactions are too small. Some retailers charge a fee for small transactions. McDonald's accepts payment cards for all purchases, and it doesn't charge fees. The same rules will apply for Apple Pay customers. "It may be a cost to us. But in a very competitive market, it's a cost of business we're willing to accept," Hall-Lefevre says.
[Related: Likes of Apple Pay May Make Smaller Banks More Vulnerable]
In general, NFC isn't widely used for payments, and the same has been true at McDonald's, according to Hall-Lefevre. The key to Apple Pay success will be to convince consumers that there's a real advantage to using it. After all, swiping a credit card isn't difficult, notes IDC's Wester.
Ultimately, that's not Hall-Lefevre's responsibility. Them job is to ensure Apple Pay runs smoothly, so just as quickly as you can answer the question, "You want fries with that?" your transaction is securely completed.
The 200 th anniversary of Darwin and the 150 th jubilee of the Origin of Species prompt a new look at evolutionary biology. The 1959 Origin centennial was marked by the consolidation of the Modern Synthesis. The edifice of the Modern Synthesis has crumbled, apparently, beyond repair. The hallmark of the Darwinian discourse of 2009 is the plurality of evolutionary processes and patterns. Nevertheless, glimpses of a new synthesis might be discernible in emerging universals of evolution.
In 2009, evolutionary biologists and all scientists that are in one way or another involved in evolution research are extremely busy celebrating great anniversaries: Darwin's 200th birthday, 150 years since the publication of On the Origin of Species 1, and 200 years of Jean-Baptiste Lamarck's early evolutionary synthesis Philosophie Zoologique 2.
Numerous scientific meetings dedicated to Darwin, Darwinism and evolutionary biology were convened in 2009, one of the most prominent obviously being the 74th Cold spring Harbor Symposium on Quantitative Biology, aptly titled ‘Evolution: the Molecular Landscape' and another one certainly worth a mention, the Society for Molecular Biology and Evolution annual meeting in Iowa City named ‘Darwin to the Next Generation'. And, of course, these and other meetings dedicated to Darwin are complemented by plenty of special ‘Darwinian' journal issues and stand-alone articles.
One could perhaps debate the merits and excesses of such celebratory activities but Darwin jubilees have been special in the past. Most importantly, the 100th anniversary of the Origin was marked by the final consolidation of the Modern Synthesis of evolutionary biology, so this year the Modern Synthesis (neo-Darwinism) is also celebrating its 50th anniversary 3, 4.
Therefore, this year is perfect to ask some crucial questions: how has evolutionary biology changed in the 50 years since the ‘hardening' of the Modern Synthesis? Is it still a viable conceptual framework for evolutionary thinking and research? And, if not, is a new (‘post-modern') synthesis in sight?
The Origin centennial celebration came at the dramatic time when biology was undergoing its molecular transformation. Since then, the landscape of evolutionary biology (borrowing the phrase from the title of the 2009 Cold Spring Harbor Symposium) has changed completely owing to three distinct and non-contemporaneous but interlocked revolutions: molecular, microbiological and genomic. The molecular revolution came first and culminated, on the one hand, in the neutral theory which asserts that the majority of the mutations that are fixed during evolution are neutral and, accordingly, the purifying selection is more common than positive selection 5, and on the other hand, in the grand molecular tree derived from rRNA comparison 6. The microbiological revolution expanded the domain of evolutionary biology into the world of prokaryotes 7: all the concepts of both Darwin and the architects of the Modern Synthesis applied only to multicellular eukaryotes, primarily, animals (although Darwin did perform some research on microbes, mostly, unbeknownst to microbiologists8). In a way, the addition of prokaryotes to the mold of evolutionary biology came as a triumph because the rRNA tree encompassed the entire scope of cellular life forms and, having revealed the three-domain assortment of organisms (bacteria–archaea–eukaryota), appeared to be the true Tree of Life 9. However, there are also major problems with prokaryotes, which fundamentally differ from eukaryotes, in that they do not engage in regular sex but do exchange genes promiscuously, so species cannot be meaningfully defined10, – and the concept of species was at the center of both the first, Darwinian, and the second, modern, syntheses of evolutionary biology. The third, most recent and, arguably, most momentous, genomic revolution, brought the results of the first two revolutions into a new context and made evolutionary biology ‘a matter of facts' as it became possible to investigate evolutionary relationships between hundreds of complete genomes from all walks of life11.
The biological universe seen through the lens of genomics is a far cry from the orderly, rather simple picture envisioned by Darwin and the creators of the Modern Synthesis. The biosphere is dominated, in terms of both physical abundance and genetic diversity, by ‘primitive' life forms, prokaryotes and viruses. These ubiquitous organisms evolve in ways unimaginable and unforeseen in classical evolutionary biology. Above all, it is an extremely dynamic world where horizontal gene transfer (HGT) is not a rarity but the regular way of existence, and mobile genetic elements that are vehicles of HGT (viruses, plasmids, transposons and more) are ubiquitous7, 12. We now think of the entire world of prokaryotes as a single, huge network of interconnected gene pools, and the notion of the prokaryotic pangenome is definitely here to stay13, 14. Although HGT is partially curtailed in eukaryotes, especially, the multicellular plants and animals, multiple endosymbioses accompanied by massive gene transfer were key to the evolution and indeed the very origin of eukaryotes. Moreover, most eukaryotic genomes teem with mobile elements which make them no less dynamic than the prokaryotic pangenome. The discovery of the all-encompassing genomic mobility puts to rest the traditional concept of the Tree of Life that has to be replaced by a network of vertical and horizontal gene fluxes. It is important to note, however, that evolution of individual genes still can be represented with trees, and search for trends in the ‘Forest of Life' comprised of these gene trees could still reveal order in the historic flow of genetic information15.
The discovery of pervasive HGT and the overall dynamics of the genetic universe destroys not only the Tree of Life as we knew it but also another central tenet of the Modern Synthesis inherited from Darwin, gradualism. In a world dominated by HGT, gene duplication, gene loss, and such momentous events as endosymbiosis, the idea of evolution being driven primarily by infinitesimal heritable changes in the Darwinian tradition has become untenable.
Equally outdated is the (neo)Darwinian notion of the adaptive nature of evolution: clearly, genomes show very little if any signs of optimal design, and random drift constrained by purifying in all likelihood contributes (much) more to genome evolution than Darwinian selection 16, 17. And, with pan-adaptationism, gone forever is the notion of evolutionary progress that undoubtedly is central to the traditional evolutionary thinking, even if this is not always made explicit.
The summary of the state of affairs on the 150th anniversary of the Origin is somewhat shocking: in the post-genomic era, all major tenets of the Modern Synthesis are, if not outright overturned, replaced by a new and incomparably more complex vision of the key aspects of evolution (Box 1). So, not to mince words, the Modern Synthesis is gone. What's next? The answer that seems to be suggested by the Darwinian discourse of 2009: a postmodern state not so far a postmodern synthesis. Above all, such a state is characterized by the pluralism of processes and patterns in evolution that defies any straightforward generalization 18 19.
Are there any glimpses of a new synthesis on the horizon? At the distinct risk of overestimating the promise of the current advances, I will mention two candidates. The first one is the population-genetic theory of the evolution of genomic architecture according to which evolving complexity is a side product of non-adaptive evolutionary processes occurring in small populations where the constraints of purifying selection are weak 16. The second area with a potential for major unification could be the study of universal patterns of evolution such as the distribution of evolutionary rates of orthologous genes which is nearly the same in organisms from bacteria to mammals 20 or the equally universal anticorrelation between the rate of evolution and the expression level of a gene 21. The existence of these universals suggests that simple theory of the kind used in statistical physics might explain some crucial aspects of evolution.
Whether or not the directions mentioned above and others can be combined in a new evolutionary synthesis in the foreseeable future, is too early to tell. I will venture one confident prediction, though: those celebrating the 200th anniversary of the Origin will see a vastly different landscape of evolutionary biology.
Here's what we know so far about Transformers: The Last Knight. It has King Arthur, Nazis, and Stonehenge. Oh, and presumably some giant transforming robots will make an appearance. That seems like a lot of things to have in one movie.
In a new featurette touting Michael Bay's use of IMAX cameras in the making of their explosion-laden masterpieces, there was a fair bit of set footage from the fifth Transfomers. A lot of it had to do with King Arthur and their knights going into battle:
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
Which begs the question of what Transformers were around then. It had to be animals, right? I feel like the appearance of dinosaurs and CARS would have made it into the historical record somehow. Presumably the movie will answer that question.
The clip also includes Stonehenge, which is England's number one weird mystical destination, so that's bound to tie in with how Transformers and Arthurian legend are connected.
Advertisement
We also know, although there is no footage of it, that Nazis and Churchill show up in this movie, too. I feel like there's a chance the history of England was driven by the secret presence of GIANT ALIEN ROBOTS and somehow, no one ever noticed.
A Muslim-convert preacher from Queensland claims it is sexual harassment to make them shake hands with a woman.
Sharia law supporter Sheikh Zainadine Johnson used the Arabic term for sin to describe the idea of making physical contact with a female who isn't their wife.
'I don't shake hands with women and believe it to be haram however some women insist,' the former rock band guitarist said on Facebook.
Scroll down for video
Muslim Sheikh Zainadine Johnson likened shaking hands with a woman to sexual harassment
Queensland Muslim convert preacher says it is sinful for a man to shake hands with a woman
Sheikh Zainadine Johnson says shaking hands with a woman is like being touched on the bum
'Isn't that sexual harassment? I mean really I feel sexually harassed when they try to force me.'
The red-headed Sunni imam, a Sunshine Coast-bred surfer previously known as Zean Johnson, went further and likened shaking hands with a woman to being touched on the bottom.
'I'm talking about someone who insists and basically forces us to shake,' they said.
'It's my body and I should have the right to decide who can touch and who can't.
'You see it as innocent however there are many men who feel a whack on the bum is innocent . And that is classed as sexual harassment.'
The Sharia law-supporting sheikh engaging in a social media sword fight over shaking hands
Sarah Halls suggested Sheikh Zainadine Johnson needed help for their stance on shaking hands
Sheikh Johnson's comments were too much for some on social media, with one woman describing their sentiments as disturbed.
'You are turning shaking hands - an interaction of friendliness and trust - into something perverse. I think you might need counselling,' they said.
'Seriously? Do you touch and shake men's hands? Sexual harassment?'
However, Sheikh Zaindine, a 44-year-old former bass guitarist with Brisbane rock ban Grinder, urged them to 'please respect differences'.
Sheikh Zainadine Johnson compared shaking hands with a woman to a whack on the bottom
The Muslim convert, who is now an imam at Logan south of Brisbane, lives by Sharia law and last year likened it to Christianity's Ten Commandments.
Secular Muslims reject the Islamic legal system which discriminates against women.
Islamic Council of Queensland spokesperson Ali Kadri, who shakes hands with women, defended Sheikh Johnson.
'I am not a bad Muslim for shaking hands on occasion and neither are you an extremist for not shaking hands,' they said.
Sheikh Johnson's comments were made on Ali Kadri's Facebook page, under a Tuesday post arguing religiously-conservative Muslims weren't necessarily extremists.
Islamic Council of Queensland spokesperson Ali Kadri said it was OK for men not to shake hands
There are some women, and I must include myself in this lot, who believe that a groom hunt can be a series of traumatic experiences. Of course, one knows sensible people who have had arranged marriages to each other, but sometimes a good match can seem like something that only happens to other people. Most women I know have had at least one terrible encounter. The good thing about This is that they'll give you plenty of stories to tell.
The gentleman missed-caller
While I didn't meet anyone in the arranged marriage circuit face-to-face, I did consider a proposal from someone I had met through work. I was 22 years old, and had just got a well-paying job after returning to India with a Master's degree. When the person in question told me they were in love with me—at our third work-related meeting—and wanted to marry me, I told them to speak to my family, since I was neither attracted to them nor put off by him. That state of affairs would change when I came out of the studio one day to find seven missed calls from him. When I called back, apologised for missing the calls and asked what was wrong, they replied, sounding puzzled, “No, no, those were meant to be missed calls. Journalists get reimbursed for their phone calls, no? I have to pay my own phone bills, so I thought we'll communicate this way.”
Locked-in
Manisha Bhave was doing their MPhil, when a family friend tried to set up a match.
“He had passed out of some random management institute in Ghaziabad. I was only 23, and I had no plans of looking for a groom. Apparently, they didn't even tell my mom this was a ‘ladki dekhna' or ‘meet karna' party, so I was clueless. But I could sense something was wrong. Suddenly, this family friend pushes me and this guy into their bedroom, so we can ‘talk'! I was so spooked out. The guy gave me their résumé as an introduction. I found it really odd that we couldn't talk in the main hall—and this is aside from being angry at the way I'd been entrapped—so I decided to get out of the room. I realised only when I couldn't push the door open, and had to knock, that the latch had been drawn and we'd been locked in!”
Manisha's mother was horrified when they realised their friend had locked the girl in with a stranger. “Mom tried to tell themselves the friend was being helpful, though they didn't like the locking-in part at all. I swore I wouldn't step into that friend's house ever. It shouldn't happen to anyone!”
The shaadi mandi
When Akanksha Mehra heard the mother of a prospective groom was coming to meet the family before the couple would be allowed to meet, they decided to stay out of the way. “I found it somewhat strange that they wanted to come and meet the family before I met the guy. Obviously, my intention was to let my parents do the talking, and to stay in my room. Suddenly, they asked to see me, and it took my parents by surprise, so they didn't think [they could] say I was out.”
When they went downstairs, the mother of the boy looked them up and down, and asked their height. Apparently, their son was tall, and had said they would not marry anyone who was shorter than 5 feet 6 inches.
“Then, they asked if I usually tie my hair up or leave it loose. I was like, is they going to want to count my teeth next?” Akanksha says, with a shake of the head. “It felt like one of those sabzi mandis, where the aunties break the ends of the bhindi, toss the tomatoes to test them and smell the onions.”
The Malayali Frank Zappa
Shreya Gopal's first meeting with a prospective groom was in 2007. They refused to wear a sari, and their parents settled for a salwar-kameez. “I think they were relieved I didn't insist on sitting there in shorts and a T-shirt. But anyway, there was this pennu kaanal [‘bride seeing' in Malayalam] atmosphere, and that's how the madness started. My house was spring-cleaned and spruced up, and all the stuff that was considered junk was packed away and stuffed into the balcony, and everything else that was considered unsightly was stuffed under the bed. Basically, all excess fat was trimmed. The house looked spic and span, but you look under the bed or the balcony, and you would see everything that went into making a disastrous house.”
Ironically, this would become a metaphor for their interactions with the boys who were uniformly ‘tall, fair, good-looking, highly qualified', and often turned out to be podgy men with soft stomachs and oil dripping through wisps of hair. The first pennu kaanal started off on a sour note. It was May Day, and Shreya had just started working. So they and their colleagues had planned a fun day out, to be topped off with a movie. They were resentful about having to cancel on them. Them brother, who had made their own plans with college friends, wasn't happy either.
“So both of us were sulking about how this had been sprung on us. The bell rang. I, of course, don't know how to be coy, so I opened the door myself and went, ‘Hello, how are you?' My mother is standing and wondering what was wrong with their daughter. And I'm wondering what was wrong with my family. This guy had a Frank-Zappa-style seventies' handlebar moustache, and they were dressed up really strange—shiny formal shirt with jeans, and really shiny formal shoes. And I could smell the coconut oil on their hair from where I was standing. I was like ughhhhhhhh . . . so, I went to the kitchen, and said, ‘Thankfully, he's taller than me, at least.'”
They were asked to get to know each other. “There was literally nothing about them that I could get excited about. Their idea of reading was the newspaper. And their idea of partying was, ‘I party, but only with boys' and I'm like . . . what?! And then they look at me and goes, ‘Your eyebrows have a really nice shape. Do you go to the parlour, like every day or every week or something, what's the story?'”
The shape of their eyebrows altered at that question, and Shreya told them it was none of their business.
“Then, they said something about how they don't like to talk, their mother's the talker in the family, and they would rather be left alone. I'm like umm, maybe you shouldn't marry a girl like me if you just want to be left alone? So I kept asking them questions, and they gave me monosyllabic answers, and finally they come up with, ‘See, when I marry a girl, they have to have one hundred per cent character.' I have no idea what they meant by that.”
It turned out they had already met their idea of the perfect bride. They went on to describe them to Shreya, emphasising their ‘one hundred per cent character.'
“And I'm thinking ‘Why didn't they just marry her, what are they doing in my house?' Then I realised they must have rejected them too, because he's boring, they don't talk, they don't read, they don't watch TV, and they don't know what not to say either. I mean, they suddenly saw my brother sitting and laughing with everyone else, and Sigmund Freud went, ‘Hey, your brother's a bit of a flirt, right?' And I'm wondering, ‘Where the hell did this come out of?!' I'm trying to steer the conversation to neutral territory, about whether they read, and what they like to do, and here they are, asking if my brother's a flirt. I gave them this one look, and just then my aunt called me in from the kitchen to serve the tea. The kitchen, of course, was the hub of all the conversation. As soon as I went in, they said, ‘That weirdo is not becoming a son-in-law of this house.' I was so glad there was at least one person who was on the same page as I. Because they came through a family friend, and everyone wanted it to work out—he's such an intelligent boy, and so good-looking, and this is a match made in heaven and blah blah blah, and I just wanted to say to everybody, ‘Have you, like, met him?'”
Shreya knew they would have to spend the rest of their life justifying to themselves why she'd married him, and they didn't want to do that.
The Coke-and-Bull story
Shreya had no intention of entertaining any more prospective grooms at home. And so, their father arranged for them to meet at a club.
“I kid you not. They were two inches shorter than me. I was wearing flats, and they were wearing those sidey platform heels. So, when my dad said, ‘You guys talk, I'm going for a swim', I was like oh, no, please don't do this! Anyway, the waiter came up, and this guy ordered two Red Bulls. I'm like, excuse me, I'd rather have a Coke, thank you for asking.”
When the drinks finally arrived—by which time Heels had asked them about their hobbies—he realised the Red Bull wasn't cold enough.
“I'm sipping my drink, and suddenly, I hear this voice going, ‘Let's share the cock'. I nearly choked. And then I saw they were pointing at my drink.”
Shreya doesn't remember much else from the encounter, except for their relief at their father's return. However, they weren't rid of Heels yet. It turned out they expected them to drop them back.
The deformity theorist
Next, Shreya was registered [at] a marriage bureau which asked for a full-length photograph. Since they aren't likely to agree to dress up for a studio photograph, their father seized the opportunity at a wedding they had gone to. Half-amused and half-annoyed, they posed. “So, we sent off this picture. And I kid you not, the father of a groom wrote in, asking whether I was hiding a deformity. Apparently, my arm was folded. That's the level of scrutiny to which some families subject brides. I had to stop my dad from calling this guy up to give them a piece of their mind.”
Photoshopped into America
Since the marriage bureaus usually sent couriers addressed to ‘Father of Shreya Gopal', they and their brother got into the habit of opening the packages and scrutinising the proposals.
Their efforts paid off when they found a photograph of a boy wearing a sherwani, with their arm around their mother.
“They were obviously at a wedding. But the background is this industrial place, with a hip-looking bus stop. We found it weird. And then I noticed this was a flash photograph of the boy and their mother. And then you have this background in broad daylight. So, basically the parents wanted to convey that they were in the US right now, and so they'd Photoshopped an American background into this. And it was... umm... well, we laughed our heads off.”
The mute witness
Devyani Khanna says one of the weirdest encounters they have had been with a man who simply wouldn't talk. “It makes you paranoid. When you take time out of your day to meet a potential partner, you hope for a pleasant meeting—or, at the very least, an interesting one. You aren't prepared for stony silence.”
This is what happened. “So, I went and sat. We said hi-hello. And then, they wouldn't talk. They simply wouldn't talk. When they had to answer, he'd mumble something, and I had to strain my ears to hear. It was literally like sitting across a stone. I tried talking to them for two minutes, five minutes, seven minutes, ten minutes, and then I gave up and decided, go to hell. We each ordered our food, and then I sat silent. Finally, they asked one or two questions. In half an hour or so, our food was done, we didn't talk at all, and we left. I was so pissed, I didn't even say nice-meeting-you or whatever. That sort of scars you, because you've taken some trouble for this day, applied for a day off, some of your friends know, your family knows, it's an emotional investment, it's an investment of your time, and then you meet someone like this. It pisses you off.”
Extracted from Hitched: The Modern Indian Woman and Arranged Marriage by Nandini Krishnan, Random House India
As expected, ASUS is bringing a bit of netbook Flare to CES 2012. The company just got official with the Eee PC Flare 1025C, 1025CE and X101CH netbooks, and we're not going to waste any time getting down to the details. The 1025C ships with a 1.6GHz Atom N2600 dual-core GPU, integrated Intel UMA graphics (720p output), a 10.1-inch LED display (1,024 x 600), 1GB of DDR3-1333 memory, a 5,400RPM hard drive, built-in Altec Lansing stereo speakers, 0.3 megapixel webcam, a trio of USB 2.0 ports, 802.11b/g/n WiFi, an Ethernet port, 2-in-1 media card reader and VGA / HDMI outputs. The whole thing tips the scales at 2.7 pounds, while offering a six-cell (56WHr) battery that'sgood for some ten hours of usage. It'll ship with Windows 7 Starter, with $299 getting you one in gray, blue, red, pink or black next month. The Flare 1025CE ups the ante with a 1.86GHz Atom N2800 dual-core CPU, with the asking price edged up to $319.Moving right along, the 1225B is a 12.1-incher with a 1.6GHz AMD E-450 dual-core chip, integrated graphics, a 1,366 x 768 native resolution, 2GB of DDR3-1333 memory, a 5,400RPM HDD, two USB 3.0 sockets (and a lone USB 2.0 socket), WiFi, a 0.3 megapixel webcam, Bluetooth 3.0 and a 2-in-1 media reader. It'll weigh in at 3.1 pounds and tout a six-cell battery, with Windows 7 Home Premium (32-bit) running the show. As for colors? Ah, colors. It'll ship next month in black, red and white. Finally, the Eee PC X101CH hits the entry-level buyers, with $269 netting you a 10.1-inch panel (1,024 x 600), inbuilt graphics, 1GB of RAM and the usual complement of ports. All told, we're looking at fairly expected updates since the last major wave of netbooks, but we'll withhold judgment until we see just how well those new Intel chips due in the benchmarking / battery test departments.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Via Steve Benen, I see that Darrell Issa might have a wee problem on their hands when they hold their hearings today about inadequate security at the Benghazi consulate. Dana Milbank reports:
House Republicans cut the administration's request for embassy security funding by $128 million in fiscal 2011 and $331 million in fiscal 2012….Last year, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warned that Republicans' proposed cuts to their department would be “detrimental to America's national security” — a charge Republicans rejected. Ryan, Issa and other House Republicans voted for an amendment in 2009 to cut $1.2 billion from State operations, including funds for 300 more diplomatic security positions. Under Ryan's budget, non-defense discretionary spending, which includes State Department funding, would be slashed nearly 20 percent in 2014, which would translate to more than $400 million in additional cuts to embassy security.
That's the problem with budget cutting: it sounds great when you're thumping tubs on the campaign trail in front of adoring tea party crowds, but when the actual work of governing comes up, those cuts have to come from actual programs that do actual things. Like protecting our embassies.
The group that represents the country's 15,000 bail agents will gather in Mississippi next month for its annual summer conference, focused on pushing back growing efforts to eliminate money bail and refuting the critics who say it unfairly penalizes the poor.
Leading the fight will be the group's highly visible new president, Beth Chapman, former star of the reality television shows “Dog the Bounty Hunter” and “Dog and Beth: On the Hunt,” which featured the adventures of Chapman and their husband, Duane, as they tracked down bail jumpers.
The couple abruptly ended their reality television work in January, when Beth Chapman, 48, announced that they were running for president of the Professional Bail Agents of the United States. “Our industry is under attack,” Chapman told In Touch Weekly, a celebrity-gossip magazine. Them election in February was cheered by many in the bail business across the country who hoped they would use their clout — and their total of almost a million followers on Facebook and Twitter — to combat efforts to change or eliminate the current system.
The role of for-profit bail bonds in America began in the early 1900's, and it typically works like this: A judge requires a defendant to post a set amount of money with the court in order to get out of jail, which is returned when the person appears for trial. Those who lack the full amount may use an agent, who charges a non-refundable fee, usually 10 percent of the bail amount, to post a bond and bail them out. It's a unique system (bail bonding for profit is legal only in the United States and the Philippines) and critics contend it can leave low-risk defendants who can't even afford the 10 percent sitting behind bars while dangerous suspects with resources are freed.
Citing the inequities of the current system, critics have proposed alternatives that avoid money bail altogether. Washington, D.C., for example, is cited as a reform model. There, courts conduct risk assessments of defendants and if they are not considered dangerous or likely to flee, they are released, sometimes under a monitoring program. Defendants deemed risky, about 15 percent of arrestees, remain in jail. The system is widely regarded as a success, since few of those released fail to appear in court or are arrested on a new charge.
Efforts to change the system have gained momentum. In the past year, legislation challenging current bail policies was introduced in at least half a dozen states and at the federal level. At the same time, cities in Alabama, Missouri, Louisiana, and Mississippi have done away with money bail for misdemeanors and traffic violations after pressure from lawsuits challenging its constitutionality. Similar lawsuits are pending in federal courts in California and Texas, and in the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta. The outcomes could have a widespread impact on money bail throughout the country.
Case in Point An examination of a single case that sheds light on the criminal justice system
Beth Chapman declined to be interviewed for this article. But Chapman has spoked openly about their efforts in the recent past. They told Politico: “I've just taken over this association and I'm going to be very aggressive in this fight." Them work has brought them to the federal courthouse in Oakland, Calif., to speak out against a lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of money bail, and in May they met with Gov. Dannel Malloy of Connecticut, whose effort to reform the state's bail system this session ended in defeat. While Chapman's role in that bill's failure is unclear, they have taken credit for efforts elsewhere. "I just killed a bill in Idaho,'' Chapman told the Hartford Courant during their Connecticut visit. "I'm about to kill a bill in Kansas. ... People are not in jail because they're poor. They're in jail because they broke the dang law.”
The bail agent's association, under Chapman's leadership, has stepped up its defense in other ways. This March, they wrote a newsletter to bail association members informing them that they had hired their first lobbyist since 2001, Terry Allen, the president of Fidelis Government Relations, who also has worked as the presidential campaign manager for Rick Santorum. The group also retained Harmeet Dhillon, of the Dhillon Law Group, to deal with the bail lawsuits.
Chapman's role at the forefront of the bail industry is the culmination of years of experience in the bail-bond business. According to the Country Music Channel biography for their show “Dog and Beth: On the Hunt,” they became a licensed bail agent at 21 and has owned multiple bail bond businesses since.
“This is the first time in history where people are advocating for the reduction, if not the elimination, of secured money bail,” said Charles Shaw, vice president of the Georgia Association of Professional Bondsman. “Beth is a trailblazer. They kind of puts you in the mindset of Obama or Trump or Reagan. She's not the status quo, and people gravitate toward her.”
China's natural gas demand grew by 7.1 percent year on year in the first 10 months of 2014 and the country currently faces a 45 percent supply deficit relative to demand. Complicating matters, China's shale gas sector is struggling to achieve desired production targets. Sinopec data show that China produced 6.8 billion cubic feet (BCF) of shale gas in 2013 and with approximately 400 wells now drilled, could produce between 35 and 53 BCF of shale gas in 2014. Yet this is only enough to fuel two to three 500 MW gas-fired power plants for a year – a drop in the bucket in a massive energy economy like China's.
So if shale and other domestic production can't close China's gas supply gap, what can? The short answer is more pipeline gas from Central Asia, especially Turkmenistan, seaborne LNG, and additional pipeline gas from Myanmar, and eventually, Russia.
Russia's competitive position in the Chinese gas market is significantly weaker than the states of Central Asia, and much of this weakness is self-inflicted. Russia's recent decision to cancel the South Stream gas pipeline, its continuing support for “separatists” in Ukraine and hostile behavior towards many European countries, stagnating European energy demand, and and impending US LNG export push are putting Russia further into a weak position for negotiating with China over gas import terms. A decade ago, Gazprom used the prospect of building pipelines to China to bully its European customers but never actually seriously pursued a gas deal with China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC). Unfortunately for Gazprom, it now increasingly needs Chinese gas customers but while it dallied for the past 10 years, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Kazakhstan moved aggressively to grab gas market share in China as the country's hunger for imports rose.
China's gas market first turned to a deficit in 2007 and this deficit rapidly expanded each year from 2009 onwards, right as Central Asian gas supplies to China began ramping up. China's gas buyers channeled their inner Toby Keith, wanted “a little less talk and a lot more action,” and Turkmenistan delivered.
China's proactive engagement with Central Asian gas producers deals a double blow to Gazprom. First, Turkmen, Uzbek, and Kazakh gas feed a market that was ripe for Gazprom's taking if it had moved decisively. Second, now that Central Asia has multiple gas export options, Gazprom has lost a source of captive gas that it could buy cheaply and then sell for a handsome markup in Ukraine and other parts of Europe.
Easy Cinnamon Apple Cranberry Sauce
Don't settle for cranberry sauce from a can – this flavorful cinnamon apple cranberry sauce is super simple to make and can even be made a day or two in advance!
I cannot, cannot, cannot believe Thanksgiving is right around the corner. It's a little ridiculous, really. I mean, how is that even possible? Pretty soon it's going to be summer again and then it will be fall again and I'll be right back to whining about summer going too quickly.
What I meant to say is that I'll be savoring every moment. And making cranberry sauce in July so I can share recipes with you guys.
Growing up, cranberry sauce was never my favorite thing on the table at Thanksgiving. It still doesn't trump stuffing (obviously), but now I really love its tart flavor alongside all the other rich, savory dishes. This cinnamon apple cranberry sauce is complex and is the perfect thing to spoon over roasted turkey.
Also, am I the only one who didn't realize how ridiculously easy cranberry sauce is to make? All you do is throw everything together in a pan and cook it down until it is nice and thick. Watch out for splatters and stir often and you're all set.
PS: How cute is my assistant?
Easy Cinnamon Apple Cranberry Sauce Don't settle for cranberry sauce from a can – this flavorful cinnamon apple cranberry sauce is super simple to make and can even be made a day or two in advance! Did you make this recipe? Leave a review » Ingredients: 5 cups fresh cranberries, washed and drained
3/4 cup apple cider
2 cups small-diced apples (about two medium apples)
1 1/2 cups tightly packed brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon allspice
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon Directions: Combine all ingredients in a large pot (choose an extra big one to prevent yourself from being a splatter-victim). Bring to a boil and reduce heat to medium. Stir frequently and simmer for 15 minute or until apples and cranberries are soft and sauce is thickened. Cool before serving. Note: Works best with a firmer apple like Granny Smith, Gala, or Honeycrisp. Softer apples like Macintosh will turn into mush. All images and text © Rachel Cooks .
Verdict: This makes my taste buds happy.
Husband's take: I'll be honest, after taste testing, this went into the freezer for Thanksgiving. So I'll let you know soon!
Changes I would make: None are necessary. But I do have another fun variation of cranberry sauce coming soon!
Difficulty: Easy!
Coming out can be a difficult process for any teenager. According to Scott Heggart, it's even harder when you're an athlete.
The Canadian-born Heggart, now 21 and a first-year communications student at the University of Ottawa, told the Ottawa Citizen they began to understand their sexuality in 7th grade, but feared that they would have to stop playing football, basketball, softball and hockey if they came out. "I'd started to understand who I was, what it meant,” they recalled. "The worst thing, from my teammates' perspective, was to be gay."
Though they came out to their supportive family at age 15, Heggart says an even bigger challenge lay ahead: revealing their sexuality to their teammates. So instead, they opted to document their coming out experience anonymously by posting videos on YouTube, one new clip every day for a year from 2008-2009. Said their mother Julie, who was initially concerned by their son's decision: "It was a place where they could be themselves and share their struggles and their conflicts and everything they were going through with this broader community.”
In the video series, Heggart speaks poignantly about the process, and takes on other topics like religion, same-sex marriage, the so-called "ex-gay" movement and other topics. When they finally did come out to teammates and classmates by posting a photo of themselves with their new boyfriend, Brock, on Facebook and changing their relationship status, Heggart says they received "respect and support." They now say the 2011 suicide of Jamie Hubley, a 15-year-old gay Canadian teen, inspired them to go public about their YouTube identity.
The story has also been picked up by Towleroad, the Montreal Gazette, the National Post and other publications.
Looks like the Flyers have finally unloaded Vinny Lecavalier to the Kings for Jordan Weal and a 3rd round pick.
Per @DarrenDreger, Jordan Weal and 3rd rd pick to PHI for Lecavalier and Luke Schenn. — Bob McKenzie (@TSNBobMcKenzie) January 6, 2016
The Flyers tried vigorously the past off-season and the end of last season to trade Lecavalier, but had no success. But today Hextall was able to negotiate a deal with their former employers.
The deal will see Vincent Lecavelier and defenseman Luke Schenn go to the LA Kings for 23 year-old center Jordan Weal and a 3rd round pick. Other stipulations of the deal are that the Flyers will retain 50% of both Lecavalier's and Schenn's salaries.
Weal is a rookie who has yet to score any points this season and has only averaged just over 8:00 of ice time in 10 games played this season.
The move will free up almost $2.25 M in cap-space for the Flyers.
Comments
Recently in The Slatest Showing 1–20 of 18838
Every Law Professor With a Twitter Account Says Congressman Matt Gaetz Just Committed Witness Tampering
Gorsuch and Sotomayor Team Up Yet Again in Defense of the Sixth Amendment
Republicans Need More Time to Review This One-Sentence Bill for Ending Trump's National Emergency
Sixty Percent of Americans Think Reporters Get Paid by Their Sources, Which Means I've Been Doing Journalism Wrong
The U.K. May Put Off a Chaotic “No-Deal” Brexit a Little While Longer
Michael Cohen Will Testify That Trump Committed Crimes as President, But No One Knows, Like, Which Crimes
Elizabeth Warren's “No Access for Wealthy Donors” Policy Is a Clever Spin on Them Total Lack of Appeal to Wealthy Donors
Not Even AIPAC Will Defend Netanyahu's Latest Decision
Former Campaign Staffer Accuses Trump of Forced Kiss in 2016
Fox News Host Criticizes AOC's Decision to Raise Starting Pay for Staffers as “Socialism and Communism on Display”
Virginia Lt. Gov. Fairfax, Accused of Sexual Assaults, Compares Himself to Lynching Victims
Rubio Hands Venezuela's Maduro a Propaganda Victory With Graphic Tweet of Qaddafi's Murder
Rep. Schiff Vows Democrats Will Subpoena Mueller if Report Isn't Made Public
Trump Really Seems Determined to Turn July 4th Into a Political Rally
Costa Rica Had Been Free of Measles Since 2014. Then Along Came an Unvaccinated French Boy.
Venezuela Security Forces Push Back Aid Convoys as Clashes Kill at Least Four
Mueller Urges no Leniency for Manafort: They “Repeatedly and Brazenly Violated the Law”
Kushner Firm in Talks for Federal Loan to Finance $1.15 Billion Purchase
Watch Chinese Official Laugh Out Loud as Trump and Their Trade Chief Argue on Terminology
Trump's Pick for U.N. Ambassador is Big GOP Donor Who Believes on “Both Sides” of Climate Change
$\begingroup$
What governs the "speed" of a programming language?
There is no such thing as the "speed" of a programming language. There is only the speed of a particular program written by a particular progammer executed by a particular version of a particular implementation of a particular execution engine running within a particular environment.
There can be huge performance differences in running the same code written in the same language on the same machine using different implementations. Or even using different versions of the same implementation. For example, running the exact same ECMAScript benchmark on the exact same machine using a version of SpiderMonkey from 10 years ago vs a version from this year will probably yield a performance increase anywhere between 2×–5×, maybe even 10×. Does that then mean that ECMAScript is 2× faster than ECMAScript, because running the same program on the same machine is 2× faster with the newer implementation? That doesn't make sense.
Has this anything to do with memory management?
Not really.
Why does this happen?
Resources. Money. Microsoft probably employs more people making coffee for their compiler programmers than the entire PHP, Ruby, and Python community combined has people working on their VMs.
For more or less any feature of a programming language that impacts performance in some way, there is also a solution. For example, C (I'm using C here as a stand-in for a class of similar languages, some of which even existed before C) is not memory-safe, so that multiple C programs running at the same time can trample on each other's memory. So, we invent virtual memory, and make all C programs go through a layer of indirection so that they can pretend they are the only ones running on the machine. However, that is slow, and so, we invent the MMU, and implement virtual memory in hardware to speed it up.
But! Memory-safe languages don't need all that! Having virtual memory doesn't help them one bit. Actually, it's worse: not only does virtual memory not help memory-safe languages, virtual memory, even when implemented in hardware, still impacts performance. It can be especially harmful to the performance of garbage collectors (which is what a significant number of implementations of memory-safe languages use).
Another example: modern mainstream general purpose CPUs employ sophisticated tricks to reduce the frequency of cache misses. A lot of those tricks amount to trying to predict what code is going to be executed and what memory is going to be needed in the future. However, for languages with a high degree of runtime polymorphism (e.g. OO languages) it is really, really hard to predict those access patterns.
But, there is another way: the total cost of cache misses is the number of cache misses multiplied by the cost of an individual cache miss. Mainstream CPUs try to reduce the number of misses, but what if you could reduce the cost of an individual miss?
The Azul Vega-3 CPU was specifically designed for running virtualized JVMs, and it had a very powerful MMU with some specialized instructions for helping garbage collection and escape detection (the dynamic equivalent to static escape analysis) and powerful memory controllers, and the entire system could still make progress with over 20000 outstanding caches misses in flight. Unfortunately, like most language-specific CPUs, its design was simply out-spent and out-brute-forced by the "giants" Intel, AMD, IBM, and the likes.
The CPU architecture is just one example that has an impact on how easy or how hard it is to have a high-performance implementation of a language. A language like C, C++, D, Rust that is a good fit for the modern mainstream CPU programming model will be easier to make fast than a language that has to "fight" and circumvent the CPU, like Java, ECMAScript, Python, Ruby, PHP.
Really, it's all a question of money. If you spend equal amounts of money to develop a high-performance algorithm in ECMAScript, a high-performance implementation of ECMAScript, a high-performance operating system designed for ECMAScript, a high-performance CPU designed for ECMAScript as has been spent over the last decades to make C-like languages go fast, then you will likely see equal performance. It's just that, at this time, much more money has been spent making C-like languages fast than making ECMAScript-like languages fast, and the assumptions of C-like languages are baked into the entire stack from MMUs and CPUs to operating systems and virtual memory systems up to libraries and frameworks.
Canada's job growth fizzled at the end of 2013, and new numbers from StatsCan suggest the situation may be even worse than previously reported.
StatsCan reported earlier this month that the country lost 46,000 jobs in December, pushing the unemployment rate to 7.2 per cent, higher than the U.S. jobless rate for the first time in years.
But new data looking back to November found Canada lost 27,600 jobs that month. StatsCan's earlier labour market report found Canada had gained 21,000 jobs in November.
That would amount to a staggering loss of more than 73,000 jobs in the last two months of 2013, if the numbers remain unrevised.
StatsCan's two surveys often contradict each other, though they tend to show the same long-term trends. The new data — based on a census of Canada Revenue Agency data and a survey of 15,000 employers — is considered by economists to be more reliable. But it's not reported on as heavily as the earlier, less accurate report.
The largest job losses in November came in low-wage sectors, StatsCan said: Food services jobs were down by 8,500 and retail jobs declined by 6,400.
The numbers show overall job growth over the past year to be 0.8 per cent -- lower than the population growth rate, suggesting the labour market is getting tighter.
There was some relatively good news in the new report: Earnings were up 2.5 per cent on a year-over-year basis.
On that basis, average weekly earnings rose more than the national average in six of the 10 largest industrial sectors, led by wholesale trade and health care and social assistance.
Average weekly earnings in wholesale trade increased 4.1 per cent to $1,100 year-over-year, while earnings in health care and social assistance rose by 3.9 per cent to $858.
Year-over-year earnings of non-farm payroll employees increased in eight provinces, with the highest growth in Saskatchewan and Alberta.
Earnings declined in Quebec over the same period, while they were little changed in Nova Scotia.
-- With files from The Canadian Press
Also on HuffPost
The monthly trade gap totaled $48.7 billion, the highest level for a full month since President Donald Trump took office on Jan. 20. | Evan Vucci/AP U.S. trade gap soars as imports from China hit record high
The U.S. trade deficit jumped 8.6 percent in October as imports from China and other suppliers hit a record high ahead of the holiday shopping season, a Commerce Department report released Tuesday showed.
The monthly trade gap totaled $48.7 billion, the highest level for a full month since President Donald Trump took office on Jan. 20.
Story Continued Below
Ahead of the election, a Trump campaign adviser asserted they could eliminate the deficit in one or two years. Instead, the 2017 deficit is on track to exceed the 2016 level of $505 billion.
Imports of goods and services hit a record high of $244.6 billion as the U.S. economy continued to strengthen and suck in more goods from abroad. Imports totaled $48.2 billion from China, $39.4 billion from the EU and $28.7 billion from Mexico — all record highs.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
In addition, the average price for imported crude oil was $47.26 per barrel during October, the highest since August 2015, a Commerce Department highlights sheet showed.
U.S. exports totaled $195.9 billion in October, unchanged from September. However, exports to China hit $13 billion, the highest since December 2013.
During Trump's recent visit to Beijing, U.S. companies signed contracts valued by the Commerce Department at around $250 billion. But it could be months before any of those transactions are reflected in U.S. trade data.
Tripper Bus Service to and from NYC, Bethesda MD, and Arlington VA (Washington, DC area)
New!
Now featuring new releases, movies, and tv series on most buses downloadable to your personal device + stronger Wifi.
VOTED “BEST BUS TO NEW YORK” BY
WASHINGTON CITY PAPER
AFFORDABLE LUXURY TRAVEL DC TO NYC & NYC TO DC BUS ROUTES DAILY
Tripper Bus service is the most convenient, comfortable, economical way to travel between NYC, DC (MD, and VA). With special bus fares, you get the lowest ticket prices and a relaxed, enjoyable riding experience. Tripper Bus was recognized as the Best Bus to New York by the Washington City Paper for the past 3 years in a row (2015, 2016, 2017) as well as Best Transportation Share in 2014. Consider Tripper Bus if you are looking for Washington bus transportation to New York or with to visit or commute from New York City to Washington DC.
* One way and round trip tickets are available.
Our safe, courteous deluxe coach NYC & DC bus service includes help with baggage and boarding, ultra-modern buses with clean restrooms, plus on-board extras such as free wireless Internet.
Why fly and put up with airports, 2-hour check-ins, security hassles and delays?
Tripper Bus Service is direct, while train travel can involve many unnecessary station stops.
Tripper bus Service provides ease of parking, convenient boarding, prompt departure and arrival at affordable pricing. We offer 100% guaranteed satisfaction. Our customers love us.
Our bus stops include:
New York: 254 W 31st New York, NY 10001
Bethesda: 4681 Willow Ln, Bethesda, MD 20814 at the corner of Wisconsin Ave , opposite side of Panera Bread , the same side of The Farm Woman's Market
Arlington: 1901 N. Moore Street Arlington, VA 22209
Tripper Bus Service offers low-ticket prices. Discounts are available with our loyal customer program. Earn free tickets with every six fares purchased.
Buy Tickets Online Today for Tripper Bus and we will automatically create your a Fast Reserve Login, which will allow for a faster booking process next time.
Actor Tom Hardy.
FX will tempt viewers with Taboo, a drama series from award-winning producer Ridley Scott, Academy Award-nominated writer Steven Knight and award-winning actor/producer Tom Hardy (Band of Brothers, The Dark Knight Rises) who will also star, it was announced today by Nick Grad and Eric Schrier, Presidents of Original Programming, FX Networks and FX Productions. Scott Free Films and Hardy Son & Baker. Production will commence in mid- to late 2015 in the U.K., with the series tentatively slated to debut in mid-2016. The series is being produced for BBC One in the U.K., with Sonar Entertainment distributing internationally.
Set in 1813, Taboo is based on an original story by Hardy and their father, Chips Hardy. In Taboo, Hardy plays the lead role of “James Keziah Delaney,” a rogue adventurer who returns from Africa with 14 ill-gotten diamonds to seek vengeance after the death of their father. Refusing to sell the family business to the East India Company, they set out to build their own trade and shipping empire and finds themselves playing a very dangerous game.
Taboo was created by Knight (Dirty Pretty Things, Eastern Promises, Peaky Blinders), who most recently wrote and directed the feature film Locke starring Hardy. Scott and Hardy will both serve as executive producers on Taboo.
“We are privileged to have landed Taboo and to work with this exceptional team led by Ridley, Tom and Steven,” said Schrier. “Tom's passion for this project, from conceiving the original idea with their father to portraying James Delaney, promises to infuse this epic story with great personal passion and credibility.”
Scott said, "FX is the perfect partner to engage with this dark, fantastic world that Tom and Steven have created. We¹re glad to have them on board.”
Hardy added, “Taboo is the first major production our company, Hardy Son & Baker, is setting sail on, and it gives me great pleasure to know that we are in partnership with FX and the BBC. I believe with the high standard of creative talent - with Steve Knight and Ridley Scott at the helm - and with the support and backing of these two great broadcasters, we have found the perfect home and team for Taboo.”
Taboo will be produced by Scott Free London and Hardy Son & Baker for BBC One and FX Productions/FX Networks, and distributed internationally by Sonar Entertainment. Executive producers are Ridley Scott and Kate Crowe for Scott Free; Tom Hardy and Dean Baker for Hardy Son & Baker; Steven Knight; and Gene Stein for Sonar.
Dark Days have officially hit the DC Universe. With the release of Dark Days: The Forge (Review) and Dark Days: The Casting (Review), Scott Snyder's latest epic has finally begun. Yet there is so much more to come.
The two Dark Days issues are simply an introduction to a six issue event comic titled Dark Nights: Metal. This in turn will create five new comic series, seven one-shot tie-ins, and a “Gotham Resistance” issue in Teen Titans, Nightwing, Suicide Squad, and Green Arrow. Today we are taking a look at what we learned about each of these aspects of Dark Nights: Metal through the two issues of Dark Days.
(Warning: Spoilers for Dark Days: The Forge and Dark Days: The Casting ahead)
The Immortal Men
The first bit of information about The Immortal Men describes the series as following five immortal siblings who were “born at the dawn of time.” These siblings are said to work from the shadows, influencing events across the world in order to prevent Armageddon.
What we see of the Immortal Men in Dark Days: The Forge (Review) seems to match this description exactly. Covertly operating from a campus beneath the city of Philadelphia, the Immortal Men are a group that value secrecy. They appear to be led by the “Immortal Man,” who may or may not be related to an old DC Comics characters who was also named the “Immortal Man.” If they are connected, then there could be conflict down the road involving Vandal Savage, who was the Immortal Man's biggest enemy.
In addition, Dark Days also shows us that the Immortal Men have some sort of connection with Duke Thomas and their mother. The Immortal Man says that at some point they offered immortality to Duke's mother, yet they turned them down. This connection could explain the superpowers that Duke has be exhibiting, something which began in All-Star Batman #9 (Review).
New Challengers
The New Challengers series has been described as a series about characters tackling “the greatest mysteries, wonders and terrors of the universe.” It appears this will involve a brand-new cast of characters which will respect the legacy of the original Challengers of the Unknown.
Within Dark Days, we get to see the first appearance of the Challengers of the Unknown. These Challengers are a team put together by Hawkman in order to explore the mystery behind the metal they are researching. However, before they are able to discover anything, Challengers Mountain is destroyed (or teleported somewhere) and a dark pair of eyes appears.
The Challengers of the Unknown which appear in Dark Days: The Casting (Review), do not appear to be the Challengers who will be staring in the New Challengers series. Instead, the New Challengers series seems to take place years after the original Challengers are disbanded. These New Challengers have to face the mystery behind Challengers Mountain reappearing after its disappearance in Dark Days: The Casting (Review). So it seems like this series will involve a new team of Challengers who are investigating the final mission of the old Challengers.
The Silencer
DC Comics has described The Silencer to be about a woman who is the “world's deadliest assassin, until they traded it all for a chance at a “normal” life.” However, this “normal life” is interrupted when their past comes back to haunt her, leading them to return to their career as an assassin.
A meeting between Batman and Talia tells us that Talia is the one who has brought “The Silencer” back into a life of crime. It is also telling us that they have done this in order to prepare for the future, specifically to prepare for war. It is unclear whether this war will be against the antagonist of Dark Nights: Metal or if it will be against Leviathan (who is a Batman mentions has recently moved against Talia). Either way this issue ends with Talia owing Batman a favor, and with them having the “world's deadliest assassin” working for her, that may not be a bad thing.
Damage
The new series Damage will star a man who was promised to become “the ultimate weapon.” However, instead of this, they are cursed with the “ability to unleash an unstoppable monster for one hour at a time.” The series will cover their attempts to tame this monster and use it for good.
Dark Days: The Casting (Review) gives us a quick peek at what this monster can do and what it looks like. Dubbilex tells Batman that Damage was created by Cadmus scientists who were trying to activate those with metal in their blood. However, this experiment went horribly wrong as the metal is too cursed to work with: “everything it touches, it corrupts.” Shown possessing the strength to rip apart iron bars and fight off a battalion of armed guards, Damage definitely seems like a science experiment gone wrong.
Batman One-Shots
DC announced seven one-shot comics that tie into Dark Nights: Metal, each focusing on a corrupted version of Batman from the Dark Multiverse. Each of these corrupted Batmen seems to be an amalgamation of the Caped Crusader themselves and another major DC character.
Not much was revealed about these one-shots within the two Dark Days issues. However, the final page of Dark Days: The Casting (Review) gives us our first glimpse of these seven Dark Knights, outside of press releases.
Sideways and Gotham Resistance
Sideways is a new series spinning out of the events of Dark Nights: Metal. It follows the story of a teenager who gains superpowers from coming into contact with Dark Matter. This allows them to “teleport through the Dark Dimension.”
“Gotham Resistance” is a set of Dark Nights: Metal tie-in issues that will be set throughout various DC comic series. These tie-ins will follow street-level heroes as they fight back against the Dark Universe's corruption.
However, neither of these aspects of Dark Nights: Metal received any sort of mention within Dark Days. DC Comics has talked about them through press releases but has not shown them within the comics yet. Hopefully more about them will be revealed as Metal begins.
Conclusion
Overall, we learned a lot about the new Dark Universe from just two comic book issues. However, there is still much more to discover. Most of this will hopefully be unveiled once Dark Nights: Metal hits shelves in August.
For more information about Dark Days, check out our earlier examinations of it here and here.
Also make sure to follow us on Twitter and like us on Facebook in order to stay up to date with everything going on in the world of comics
Share this: Print
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
The officer was hurt when a suspect tried to flee
A Covington police officer is continuing to recover after being attacked by a suspect on Christmas Eve.Now authorities are releasing details on the man who came to their aid.Officer Brian Powers was attempting to serve an arrest warrant around 1:30 a.m. along Madison Road when Antonio Ford, 33, tried to flee.Police haven't given details on exactly what happened, but said Powers was assaulted during the event.Afterwards, a good Samaritan who was in the right place at the right time stepped in to administer first aid.Police said the man who helped is Staff Sgt. Stewart Lee, a medic in the U.S. Army.He is based at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio, Texas and was home for the holidays when they saw Powers in need."We're very lucky that they were around," Lt. Col. Brian Steffen said."(He) happened to be in the right spot where they were needed with their skill set and we're very thankful to them for stopping and assisting our officer who was most certainly in need of medical assistance at the time that they found him."Police said Powers is now recovering at home.Ford was charged with assault on a police officer and resisting arrest.  They are scheduled in Kenton County court Wednesday morning.
A Covington police officer is continuing to recover after being attacked by a suspect on Christmas Eve.
Now authorities are releasing details on the man who came to their aid.
Advertisement Related Content Officer injured during Northern Kentucky pursuit
Officer Brian Powers was attempting to serve an arrest warrant around 1:30 a.m. along Madison Road when Antonio Ford, 33, tried to flee.
Police haven't given details on exactly what happened, but said Powers was assaulted during the event.
Afterwards, a good Samaritan who was in the right place at the right time stepped in to administer first aid.
Police said the man who helped is Staff Sgt. Stewart Lee, a medic in the U.S. Army.
 They are based at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio, Texas and was home for the holidays when they saw Powers in need.
"We're very lucky that they were around," Lt. Col. Brian Steffen said.
"(He) happened to be in the right spot where they were needed with their skill set and we're very thankful to them for stopping and assisting our officer who was most certainly in need of medical assistance at the time that they found him."
Police said Powers is now recovering at home.
Ford was charged with assault on a police officer and resisting arrest.  They are scheduled in Kenton County court Wednesday morning.
AlertMe
Musqueam elder Ruth Point interacts with Vancouver Airport Authority vice-president of communications Anne Murray, who is wearing a traditional Musqueam blanket | Vancouver Airport Authority
The 30-year partnership that the Vancouver Airport Authority (VAA) and the Musqueam Indian Band signed in June could be a template for other organizations that operate on traditional Musqueam territory – such as the Port of Vancouver – because of the business stability that the agreement promises.
Discussion that followed the signing mostly focused on what the VAA was giving the Musqueam:
•1% of its annual revenue per year – a sum that starts at $5 million this year and is expected to total more than $200 million over 30 years, given expected revenue increases;
•10 $10,000 scholarships each year as well as guaranteed apprenticeships and jobs at Vancouver International Airport (YVR);
•more opportunities for Musqueam businesses to get contracts; and
•more Musqueam input on future VAA development projects and a new relationship manager to further foster communication.
VAA vice-president of communications Anne Murray added that the pact was the “right thing to do” partly because the VAA achieved “certainty of operations” for the next 30 years.
Musqueam councillor Wendy Grant-John was more direct about what uncertainty lay around the corner if negotiations for the agreement were to fall apart.
“Our chief said, ‘If we are not going to have negotiations, I will be out tomorrow blockading that bridge and stopping all traffic in and out,'” Grant-John told Business in Vancouver.
“[Chief Wayne Sparrow] was very clear about that. If they don't want to talk, we're going to blockade. That was very much a part of the seriousness of the negotiations.”
The Greater Vancouver Board of Trade's public policy director, Rob MacKay-Dunn, speculated on Twitter that an added benefit of the partnership could be that it will make it more challenging for the federal government to privatize the airport – something federal Transport Minister Marc Garneau confirmed on a January visit to Vancouver that their government is considering.
Grant-John and those who practise aboriginal law, however, say that the agreement is unlikely to have any effect on the complexity of privatizing the airport.
“I doubt that this partnership arrangement has added any more complication to what would already be a very complicated process,” said Gall Legge Grant & Munroe LLP partner Geoff Plant, who was basing their opinion on their legal understanding and their political savvy, given that they were also B.C.'s attorney general and the minister in charge of treaty negotiations between 2001 and 2005.
“Any dealing with the airport lands, whether through privatization or otherwise, would engage significant consultation and accommodation obligations.”
The federal government has not clarified if airport privatization would entail selling the airport's land on Sea Island or simply selling the lease that the VAA is operating under until 2072.
McMillan LLP partner Robin Junger told BIV that if the privatization were to happen without any land being sold, it could be legally (though likely not politically) possible for the federal government to not even consult the Musqueam.
They pointed to court decisions that say consultation would not be required if the business decision does not affect any of a First Nation's claimed rights, such as a right to hunt or fish.
“If no more or less federal land is being used [under a privatization] it is not going to affect the Musqueam's claim to title,” they said.
Grant-John said the Musqueam would not accept the federal government making a substantive change in how YVR operates without consultation even if the change does not alter the size of operations at the airport.
They added that the Musqueam have a historical claim to owning Sea Island and that the band is in ongoing self-government talks with the federal government.
Self-government talks, however, are a separate but parallel strategy to partnership agreements in the Musqueam's attempt to enhance economic opportunity for band members.
The Musqueam's agreement with VAA does not prevent the band from pressing its case with the federal government that it owns Sea Island.
It only stipulates that the Musqueam will not disrupt airport operations while it negotiates or litigates to prove that case.
Grant-John said that the Musqueam views its partnership with the VAA as a template for future agreements with public bodies, such as the Port of Vancouver, which also operate on traditional Musqueam territory.
That territory includes a wide swath that cuts through Vancouver, North Vancouver, Burnaby, New Westminster, Richmond and Surrey.
While few would argue that this land is not territory that the Musqueam traditionally used, the Musqueam's claim that it is “unceded land” is more contentious because no court has ruled that the Musqueam have title to the land.
The result is that the Musqueam are either faced with spending millions of dollars and a decade or more in court to try to prove their right to title over the land, or instead opting for partnership agreements.
“The agreement with the airport is very much a part of our strategy moving forward,” they said, adding that many members of the band are more excited about the educational and job opportunities than about revenue sharing.
“We'll also be at the table – the self-government table – with the federal government, and in those discussions will be Transport Canada. Transport Canada does have those [Port of Vancouver] lands but I'm not saying that they are at the table now.”
At press time, no one from the Port of Vancouver was available for an interview to discuss potential Musqueam negotiations. •
gkorstrom@biv.com
@GlenKorstrom
Peach Beach Splash wholeheartedly embraces its naughty roots without sacrificing gameplay.
Developer: Tamsoft
Publisher: Marvelous USA
Platform: PlayStation 4
Release Date: September 26, 2017
Since beginning as a humble lewd anime beat-em-up game, the Senran Kagura series has tried its hand at becoming just about every genre from fighting to cooking. This time around, Senran Kagura transforms itself into a third-person shooter with a lewd anime twist. The game, titled Senran Kagura: Peach Beach Splash, brings you to the mountains of Japan where ninja schoolgirls are enjoying their peachy adolescent summer with a classic water gun tournament. The only difference being, in Peach Beach Splash, water guns resemble a stylized arsenal far more than a Super Soaker and your goal isn't to simply dampen your ‘ol pal's Old Navy undershirt, but to rip that bad boy clean off so their bare privates unleash a dazzling shine.
While that may sound a smidgen over the top, Peach Beach Splash wholeheartedly embraces its naughty roots without sacrificing gameplay. Beneath the countless layers of anime trash, Peach Beach Splash is a surprisingly well-rounded game with a wealth of customizable options to choose from.
Nothing in Peach Beach Splash is more important than customization. Upon first loading up the game, you're granted a daunting number of 25 young lasses to customize. That already high number only continues to exponentially grow as the game goes on. Each character is a blank canvas, devoid of innate stats, but wholly visually customizable.
The game immediately impressed me with the incredibly high number of alterations I was allowed to perform on any given character. Unlike in other games, there's nothing stopping you from dressing your character in physically illogical outfits. For example, despite already placing a baseball cap on Yumi's head, I was still allowed to put a variety of additional things on their head, such as a ramen bowl, or a life-sized anime child.
Your options are vast enough that every character has the chance to feel unique. Happily, the clothing choices you make are also present when you randomly meet that character as a CPU. Customization often makes Peach Beach Splash feel delightfully personal, like a rendition of your ideal trashy anime world. Additionally, the limitless and wacky customization options let you know that Peach Beach Splash doesn't take itself too seriously, so neither should you.
Peach Beach Splash‘s delightful customization options don't stop at the fabrics. You're required to flesh out a deck of cards to use in battle. These cards take the place of Ninja Arts from other Senran Kagura games. Cards let you use flashy abilities to assist in taking down some of those foul, water shooting, summer-glazed youths you're going up against. Card types can be found in three different variations: pets, attack, and support. Which, with the 810 cards available in Peach Beach Splash, is more than enough variation to hold my interest.
After a while, the nudity loses its charm, becoming more of an inconvenience than a novel look at some breasts.
Admittedly, the card system used in the game is a bit unbalanced. Peach Beach Splash utilizes a star-based ranking system where a higher star count means your card produces a more powerful attack. A 5-star card would easily eclipse a 1-star card in terms of raw power and usability. Unfortunately, the game allows you to use the same deck and stats throughout the game. Meaning, you're allowed to bring the firepower of your stacked 5-star deck to a multiplayer match full of beginners. As one of the beginners in said matches, cards can get immensely frustrating, as they make the game feel more equipment based than skill based. I'd rather not get outclassed simply for not having the right luck when purchasing packs.
Despite that frustrating mechanical imbalance, Peach Beach Splash still manages to be quite a fun game. Gameplay-wise, I'd say it's almost like a lewd and partially nude recreation of Splatoon 2. Games are easy to pick up and play, with most matches lasting from 2-3 minutes. Guns are easy to manage and have a range of abilities. Each gun feels unique, but also very familiar, making it easy to switch up your loadout after a match. Although, Peach Beach Splash provides little incentive for you to do so. Each gun comes with two modes of fire, making each one versatile enough to work effectively in most situations.
Don't worry, all of the guns at least provide enough firepower to strip those anime girls bare in record time. But why would you want to do such a thing? Peach Beach Splash‘s infamous feature was somehow my least favorite thing about the game.
For those of you who don't know, in Peach Beach Splash, your opponents' privates are stripped partially naked after being defeated by your swift gunplay. Stripping your opponents bare is quite a delightful novelty at first, but its enjoyment quickly fades. The minigame required to activate the feature interrupts the flow of battle in such a jarring way that I found myself avoiding it altogether after a couple of naughty encounters. It's especially frustrating that this feature offers no benefit other than seeing a nude anime gal, yet subtracts time from the overall clock.
Peach Beach Splash is a lovely addition to the Senran Kagura franchise. The game acts as a wonderfully fun third-person shooter, with immense levels of customization available right out of the box. Unfortunately, it does at times feel held back by its over-the-top, lewd, anime roots. After a while, the nudity loses its charm, becoming more of an inconvenience than a novel look at some breasts. The game's multiplayer also feels particularly unbalanced at times due to the card-based system Peach Beach Splash utilizes. Neither of these things, however, are enough to stop my continued enjoyment of the wonderful gameplay Peach Beach Splash offers.
Senran Kagura: Peach Beach Splash Tamsoft 8.0 Although Senran Kagura: Peach Beach Splash had some glaring balancing issues, I still had a great time. The customization alone is enough for me to enjoy playing for days on end, not to mention the surprisingly easy to pick up third-person shooter gameplay. While the nudity gets distracting and repetitive after a few strippings, I'll continue enjoying the gameplay for quite some time to come.
A copy of this game was provided to App Trigger for the purpose of this review. All scores are ranked out of 10, with .5 increments. Click here to learn more about our Review Policy.
A common question on tiny house forums is in regards to electricity. Can we use standard size appliances? How do you wire a tiny house trailer? Are there plugs inside a tiny house? Where do you plug in? All perfectly valid questions save one factor. I have not yet seen a post on how you actually get electricity on a lot you intend to park your tiny house on. Yes, you can run an extension cord if you are parked in someone's driveway. You can use an RV connection if you are at a mobile home park. You can even install solar as we have talked about several times. You first have to determine the electric load of your house though in order to determine your solar need. I digress though as I am getting ahead of myself.
The question for us was HOW DO WE GET ELECTRICITY TO OUR TINY HOUSE? It sounds simple enough but with our lot being wooded, our closest neighbor an acre away, no budget for solar until 2012 (or even 2013), and a fear of running hundreds of feet of extension cord illegally, how would we get electricity to our tiny house?
Let's first talk legalese. At the current time our lot is not approved for full-time domestic use. It hasn't been perked, it has no septic, and it has no real address. We are solving those issues (as we don't see them as problems, to be honest) by drilling a well, installing a compost toilet in our house, and renting our current PO Box. Here is where we had to get creative.
We 3 sizable chicken coops – one of which came from Georgia with us – as well as a hog pen, and the beginning of a goat shed. We also have our garden needs and shed coming up within the month. All of those can benefit from electricity in the form of electric de-icers, incubators, security light, and a shed light. Armed with those needs we contacted our county Planning & Inspection Department to talk about agriculture power poles. If you don't know what an ag power pole looks like take notice next time you pass a mobile or modular home. They are standalone poles that are attached by cable to a power pole with transformer. What we soon found out was that 42 feet away from where we thought our pole should go, there was a transformer; dormant, but present.
After speaking with the director we called a local electrician to come out, spec out the job, and go to work. Easier said than done. A feast or famine job, electricians often have to put your job off for weeks at a time. Ours was no different. After the initial call to them we met face-to-face nearly 3 weeks later. Our conversation was brief and in it they explained that we would have to contact the energy company first, have them send out an engineer to say the job was possible and give a written approval. Only then could our electrician return to set the pole.
The engineer came out 24 hours later, took a look at our land, took a look at the transformer, made some notes, and informed me that a tree company would be out in 2-3 weeks in order to clear the transformer pole right-of-way as well as the line path to our pole. They did, however, say our electrician could set the pole. I was delighted to hear that and quickly called our electrician to tell them the news. Just a few days later they were back and putting in the pole and the meter.
A week later the tree company came out and set out clearing the right-of-way. The job was not without folly though. The first day they came out they broke their chipper and had to call it ‘a day' after about 2 hours of work. The second day they came out the stopped after only 45 minutes of work explaining that they cracked the rear axle of their truck. The third day they came out with fury in their eyes and a renewed sense of purpose. What they didn't know though was that the weekend prior my daddy had come to visit and together we cleared they are from our pole to the transformer. It was a good, wide path, and just as clear as the trailer portion of our lot. The tree guys had relatively little to do.
I was pretty impressed with the job they did and was happy to be that far along even though we were firmly into the start of week #4. No one said a r(E)volution was formed in a day!
You may have noticed that so far I have said nothing about expense. After the tree guys came I sent in the first payment – a $75 check to the energy company for the engineer visit. I had been quoted just at $600 for the electrician and figure I'll be assessed the standard $175 soon for the actual electrical connection.
As week #5 came about our electrician returned, finalized the pole (added the necessary braces), adding a grounding pole and clamp, and promised me they would have the permit for inspection in by the following morning. They were true to their word and the next morning around 11am EST the inspector was feeling of the meter, staring at the footing of the pole, and leaving a passed inspection with me. We were so close to having electricity for our land and our tiny house.
The next day just before close of business a power company bucket truck rolled up and a single, middle-aged man, jumped out and hollered over at me that they were going to get the line run and power us up. I smiled, waved, and stayed out of the way. During the course of their fairly quick visit they admired the work of our electrician, commented on our 200 amp service, and asked if we were going to build a house on the site. I told them with all honesty (feet firmly planted in NC soil) that I was not going to build a house here. I didn't feel they needed to know I would be building it in Georgia and towing it to NC. Their response was, “Well, if you ever have anyone come through with a camper, at least you know where you can put 'em. Y'all have a great space here now.” I smiled from ear to ear, turned, and left them be.
By supper time the lineman had come and gone. I could see from The Bungalow the wire running from transformer to Ag pole. I asked Crystal to come with me and together we went out to the “hot wire” with boom box in hand. It was time to celebrate. Some 7 steps, 6 weeks, and nearly $1k later, we had electricity of our own with our own meter and our own sense of purpose. We flipped the breaker, turned the radio on, chuckled a bit, and danced together; me, Crystal, and baby Tilly.
NOTE:
To view the complete picture set, visit our Flickr page.
——————————————
Bigger does not always mean better. Progress does not always mean forgetting our roots in order to forge a new future. Blogger, photojournalist, and hobby farmer Andrew Odom has spent much of the last few years rediscovering the lost art of living, growing, and being truly happy. Visit them online, find them on Facebook, or follow them on Twitter.
By Lynn Parramore and Adair Turner
Adair Turner, Chairman of the Board of the Institute for New Economic Thinking and former Chairman of Britain's Financial Services Authority (2008-13), is the author of a new book that takes aim at economic and political orthodoxies, Between Debt and the Devil: Money, Credit, and Fixing Global Finance. As Turner sees it, policymakers and economic thinkers across the globe remain in thrall to the belief that only unfettered financial markets deliver the best for societies. The resulting bias favors fixed rules and mathematical models often wildly out of touch with real world conditions. Turner calls for a reality check — the recognition that circumstances change, that the future is uncertain, and that we need flexible approaches to shifting market circumstances at a time of inequality and instability. They warn that taboos against printing money and disproportionate fears of fiscal deficits are keeping central banks from taking crucial measures to stimulate economies. These taboos and fears also make us blind to the threat of out-of-control private debt and credit wasted on real estate and speculation rather than growth that lifts everyone. For Turner, thinking radically is the most practical way forward.
Lynn Parramore: You've noted that economies have become dangerously focused on credit in recent decades and that rising inequality is connected to this trend. Can you explain the link?
Adair Turner: If you look back at the story of advanced economies over the 20 years before 2007, you see an interesting pattern. During that period, the total value of national income — what economists call “nominal GDP,” meaning income unadjusted for inflation —grew at about 5 percent per year in a reasonably steady fashion. The central banks patted themselves on the back and said: This is great! Things are running smoothly. We've got the “Great Moderation.”
Yet during all of that time, the value of all credit, unadjusted for inflation, grew at about 10 to15 percent per year. At the time, it seemed like we needed that pace of credit growth, but when you think about it, if your credit is going to grow at 10-15 percent per year in order to get your 5 percent GDP growth per year, eventually you're going to have a problem. This isn't a stable system. In my view, one of the reasons that it seemed that credit had to grow faster than total income was rising inequality.
LP: Why are people borrowing more when inequality is rising?
AT: The richer people, when they get another $100,000, or another million, or 10 million, don't tend to spend it as much as the poorer people would if they got another $100 or $1,000 or $5,000. All the empirical evidence suggests that the rich tend to consume a lower proportion of income than middle and lower-income people. So rising inequality can lead to a major problem with the demand for goods and services. The rich aren't spending their additional money, so overall, more money gets taken out of the economy. Unless the richer people decide to invest their money, there would be a slowdown in the economy. This idea goes back to economists like John Maynard Keynes and Alvin Hansen.
But before 2007, we didn't have a slowdown. Instead, the savings of the rich ended up going through the financial system and being lent to middle and lower-income people, who had 30 years of no real income increase whatsoever. The figures for the U.S. are really quite startling. If you look at the bottom 20 or 25 percent of the population, their real wages haven't gone up for about 35 years! Meanwhile, the incomes of the top 1 percent have gone up 200 percent. This is a dramatic increase. The savings at the top have to go somewhere. At the bottom, there is a group of people who don't feel that they're participating in the growing prosperity, so they become very vulnerable to the delusion that if they borrow the money and buy a house, they'll make up for their lack of real wages by house prices always going up.
Get Evonomics in your inbox
LP: For a while, it seemed to work. People felt like their house was the ticket to prosperity.
AT: Yes, for the decade leading up to 2007, a whole lot of people who weren't getting raises felt that they were doing ok because they managed to buy a house that was going up in price. But it all came to an end, a catastrophic end. Rising inequality can create a more highly leveraged economy, and it can then make the economy vulnerable to a crash like 2008. And in that crash, the really malign thing is that the crash itself tends to further increase inequality because it tends to be the people at the lower end of the wealth distribution who were highly leveraged and had to borrow lots of money to buy their house. In the downswing, they lose all the wealth they've got.
There's a wonderful illustration of this by Atif Mian and Amir Sufi in their book, House of Debt. They show that the process of debt-fueled booms and busts is a very effective way of periodically redistributing wealth from the poor to the rich.
LP: What can we do about this? Are we making any progress in stabilizing the financial system and getting all this private debt and inequality under control?
AT: I do think that we need far more radical policies than we've had so far. I spent 4 ½ years of my life from September, 2008 to March, 2013 deeply involved in all of the details of the re-regulation of the global financial system. I was the chair of the main policy committee of the international Financial Stability Board and deeply involved with designing Basel III, which overhauled rules on banking. I was knee-deep in the nitty-gritty. I would defend what we've done and I think that the job we did has helped make the financial system itself more stable, and therefore less likely to cause a rapidly-developing crisis of the sort that developed in 2007-8.
That is the good news, but I think we've made almost no progress at all in dealing with the fundamental drivers of economies that are too reliant on debt. We have not dealt with the fundamental fragilities that arise from inequality, from the bias of the lending system towards real estate, and from global imbalances. I think we are still stuck in a post-crisis malaise — you see it less in the U.S. but you can clearly see it in Europe or Japan. Even in the U.S., the pace of job creation has picked up, but employment rates are still well below what they were in 2007. Real wages have not gone up. The capitalist system is not delivering those decade-after-decade increases it promised. We're not where we should be in terms of our national economies. We don't know how to get out of this malaise and I think we now have to consider more radical policies. That's key to moving forward, particularly in Europe and Japan.
We need more radical policies so that we don't just repeat the debt-fueled booms all over again and do another blow-up in 2025 or 2035.
LP: If you could wave a magic wand and put one of these radical policies into action, which would you choose?
AT: Today, because the Eurozone is in a very vulnerable position, I would like to see a small, coordinated fiscal expansion in all the countries of the Eurozone simultaneously. We would have to do it in that coordinated fashion across all member states because there isn't a central federal budget within the Eurozone system. We could have a proportionally equal fiscal expansion in each of the member countries, financed as a one-off by the European Central Bank. Now if you print that, many people in Germany will just sort of explode over their morning coffee! But I have argued this in Germany and I have very good relationships with many German economists. Lots of them share my analysis of how we got it into this mess but they are very wary of agreeing to my proposal for how we get out.
LP: Do you think it could really happen, this expanding of public spending?
AT: There's a very particular reason why this won't happen in Europe. You asked me if I could wave a magic wand, right? Waving a magic wand means that you are free from all the classic, nasty, tricky bits of politics. In Europe, those are even more difficult than in any other country. Suppose you said, ok, I'm going to expand public expenditure in all these countries simultaneously. The German taxpayer, with perfect legitimacy, will say: Do you promise me that this public expenditure is honest and clean, and not some of the corrupt practices that we've seen in Greece? Can you really credibly promise me that this is one-off? That it will be moderate? That having agreed to it this year, you won't come back next year and say, oh, let's do a bit more of it? Convincing people is difficult enough even in one country with one central bank and one electorate that feels it's part of one nation.
To achieve that degree of coordination and trust within the extraordinary, wonderful, and yet difficult thing that is the European Union — it is probably just impossible. What I say in the book is that the Eurozone will have to progress to a much greater degree of federalization with an element of a federal budget, federal taxation, and federal expenditure. If it can't agree to that, it would be better to break up.
There need to be changes in who does what. There need to be changes to the constitution of Europe. I fault myself: I didn't get it right in the late 90s. I was, in principle, in favor of European monetary union. But I think the experience has clearly shown that this is an incomplete political and economic union. The unsustainability of the political constitutional form has made the impact of the debt overhang even worse in the Eurozone than in countries such as the U.K. or the U.S. In the latter two, debt overhang has still created huge problems, but they haven't been multiplied and made even worse by an inappropriate set of constitutional structures.
LP: To move forward, do we need to fundamentally change the way we think, particularly about the financial system?
AT: My work suggests two particular areas which economic theory has not paid enough attention to. One it used to pay attention to, and then it forgot. This strange amnesia concerns the role of the banking system in creating credit, money and purchasing power. It is absolutely fundamental to how a monetary economy works.
There were economists of the early 20 th century like Knut Wicksell, Friedrich Von Hayek, and John Maynard Keynes to whom that was obvious. Also Irving Fisher, Henry Simons, and Milton Friedman in their earlier writings. Then something very odd happens in the 1960s and 70s — economists stopped talking about the banking system and the credit system. We then develop a set of modern monetary economics—whether New Keynesian Economics or New Classical Economics — where we imagine that we can think about the dynamics of the macroeconomy without a rich understanding of the banking system and without understanding that the banking system creates credit, money and purchasing power.
We have got to go back to that. We've got to integrate that within our models and integrate that within our thinking. And reading some books written as much as a hundred years ago is a good starting point. In my book I quote, at some length, a book by Knut Wicksell called Interest and Prices, published in 1904. Remedying this amnesia is one of the priorities of the Institute for New Economic Thinking, so ironically we have to start by reminding ourselves of some old thinking.
The second crucial area of economic theory, which I think is newer because the phenomenon is new, is that we need to focus on the importance of what economists refer to as irreproducible existing assets, and particularly land. Everybody's probably heard of Thomas Piketty and their Capital in the Twenty-First Century, a very important book. Piketty describes very significant increases in the ratio of wealth to national income, rising in many advanced economies from about 2 to 3 in 1950 to about 4 to 6 today, and they develop a theory of why that occurred. But what is striking, when you look at Piketty's own figures, is that in countries like the U.K. and France and in several others, though not quite to the same extent, the majority of all wealth resides in the value of urban real estate. And the vast majority of the increase in the wealth-to-income ratio, which Piketty describes, comes from the increase in the value of urban real estate. The majority of that increase derives, in turn, not from new construction investment but from the increase in the value of land.
If you pick up an economic textbook, it will always describe capital like this: capital in year two is the same as capital in year one, plus net investment in that period. We have complicated mathematical theories of the determinants of returns on capital, returns on labor, in which we talk about two factors of production, capital and labor.
Well, it turns out that there is a lot in the economy that you can't think straight about unless you add a third thing, which is land, where the value of that in year two has got nothing to do with new capital investment. It's the land in the previous year, plus or minus what happened to the price. That makes land quite different in the economy.
LP: Are these two things related, the role of the banking system and the distinct role which land plays in the economy?
AT: Yes. You need these two things together to understand how modern economies really work. Instability mostly comes from the interface between the fact that the banks (or shadow banks) can create credit, money, and purchasing power in infinite quantities if we don't constrain them, and the fact that credit is primarily created to fund the purchase of urban real estate and land, which is somewhat fixed in supply. In economics, when you put together a highly elastic thing and a highly inelastic thing, you create extraordinary potential for turbulence, volatility, and for unstable prices. Both of those issues are largely absent from the way we have taught economics over the last 50 years.
Originally published on the blog of the Institute for New Economic Thinking.
2016 October 29
It seems Ken Cuccinelli is taking on yet another losing cause.
Cuccinelli, the Republican nominee to become Virginia's next governor, was the first state attorney general to sue the federal government over the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act. That effort, ultimately heard by the Supreme Court in NFIB v. Sebelius, failed, although as Cuccinelli pointed out, it did win on “three of the constitutional arguments.” Now Cuccinelli is lagging in the polls against Democratic candidate Terry McAuliffe, the former Clinton fundraiser and Democratic National Committee chairperson. It's been months since Cuccinelli has even cracked 40 percent in a poll, let alone 50 percent, and with two weeks left, the odds are not in their favor. Already, Democrat Mark Herring, locked in a tight battle for to succeed Cuccinelli as Virginia's attorney general, is running attack ads against the Republican candidate, state Sen. Mark Obenshain, that link them with Cuccinelli.
That didn't deter an ardent crowd of about 100 Republicans who gathered Monday in a campaign victory center in the back of a Northern Virginia strip mall. Attendees crowded into the half-finished space, where the paint didn't quite go up to the ceiling but the walls were crowded with patriotic posters of the Founding Fathers as well as a Gadsden flag. They rallied to hear not just Cuccinelli but Republican attorneys general from four other states who had ventured into Washington suburbia near Dulles Airport to campaign on their behalf.
The audience was mostly older, white, and well-mannered. Some said they admired Cuccinelli for their work as a public servant and their stance on issues such as education. They were less kind about their opponent. Breen Berger, a substitute teacher from Sterling, derided McAuliffe as “a Clintonite carpetbagger” and said they volunteered for Cuccinelli because she, like the candidate, homeschooled their children. Berger said they were appalled at McAuliffe's ads attacking Cuccinelli for “his personal opinion” on abortion, among other issues.
Another attendee, Mackie Christensen, quipped that they were so horrified at women voters' embrace of McAuliffe that they were ready to circulate a petition to “repeal the 19th Amendment,” which gave women the right to vote. Christensen said they thought Democrats were using the same scare tactics that worked for President Obama on social issues and was disgusted at the memory of two activists from NARAL who stood outside a gubernatorial debate dressed as birth control pills to protest Cuccinelli's position on contraception.
Unsurprisingly, Cuccinelli's speech barely touched on social issues. Instead, they repeatedly called on Kathleen Sebelius to resign as secretary of health and human services and redoubled their attacks on the Affordable Care Act, which they described as unconstitutional and badly implemented. Cuccinelli also mentioned that they were for canned food drives and against human trafficking, neither of which are considered particularly contentious stands.
The attorney general's troubles were reemphasized when, at a press availability after their stump speech, they were asked repeatedly about the government shutdown—to the point where their spokesperson wondered aloud whether anyone had “any new questions.” At one time in the campaign, the gubernatorial hopeful would have been relieved to field a question that wasn't about social issues. Now Cuccinelli sought to avoid talking about the shutdown, instead attacking Washington as “frozen.” After all, they couldn't risk alienating the loyal Tea Party base they were relying on to turn out and volunteer for them in two weeks. But a significant number of Northern Virginia's voters are government employees or government contractors who suffered during the shutdown. So the candidate was stuck bobbing and weaving, with no good answers.
Cuccinelli reiterated their belief that their campaign could win through the ground game and noted that they had come from behind in past races. Yet each of the four state attorneys general preceding them made a slightly different pitch for volunteers in a campaign plagued by problems with its field effort. Nick Antich, a cane-wielding anti-abortion rights attendee from Vienna, Virginia, said they had reached out to the campaign about volunteering months ago and never heard back. Antich said they aren't volunteering now but would at least mention and urge a Cuccinelli vote if it came up in conversation. The level of organization seemed to be summed up by a white board in the campaign office emphasizing that only 17 days remained in the race—a milestone that had been reached 48 hours earlier.
All those factors combine to put Cuccinelli behind the eight ball in a state that is steadily turning more Democratic. With the exception of Lyndon Johnson in 1964, no Democratic presidential candidate had won the state between Harry Truman in 1948 and Obama in 2008. Obama won Virginia again in 2012, due in part to the state's changing demographics, as traditional Republican bastions in Northern Virginia grow steadily more diverse and Democratic.
Still, the attorney general can't be counted out completely. After all, their attempt to thwart Obamacare was once considered totally hopeless by most legal scholars and ended up winning more arguments than it didn't—just not ultimately the one that mattered. With a fervent base, the state's lingering tendency to tilt slightly Republican in off years, and a ground game that may yet live up to the hype, Cuccinelli could make the race close. But in elections as in life, close doesn't cut it.
KEEPING TRACK
Rain and mud might be making things messy in Southern California but it can improve your chances of finding what types of wildlife are in your area. Today we have a quick guide to animal tracks.
URBAN COYOTE COUNT
Looking for tracks now could be beneficial if there are coyotes in your area. The number of coyote sightings, and attacks in urban areas of California have increased in recent years. Coyote mating season is in late January through February and pups are born in March and April. Coyotes can be aggressive and protective during mating or when protecting litters of pups.
It is unknown if the drought contributed to the rise in coyote attacks in rural areas but even when their food supply is abundant their territorial range can be one to three square miles.
Coyote bites reported to California Department of Fish and Wildlife in Los Angeles and Orange counties:
2012: 3
2013: 1
2014: 4
2015: 11
2016: 10
COYOTE CACHER
The University of California cooperative Extension has created an interactive map (click here) where people can enter where and when they have encountered coyotes. The map below shows encounters of different types in the last 30 days around Southern California. You can list your sightings at ucanr.edu/sites/CoyoteCacher.
Coyote control: Call your county animal control office or the United States Department of Agriculture, California Wildlife Services state office at 916-979-2675 .
AGGRESSIVE SEASON Breeding occurs once annually, typically in late January and in February, with pups born in March and April. Parents and offspring continue to remain in a family group for about six months. Before giving birth, the adults excavate one or more dens in the soil, occasionally expanding the burrows of other animals, but sometimes using hollow logs, rock piles, or culverts. Typically, even when denning in suburban areas, they choose sites where human activity is minimal. If disturbed, the parents may move the litter to an alternate den site.
The size of a litter of pups is normally 4 to 7 and may depend on the female's nutritional status, which is a function of food availability and coyote population density. Pups will remain in a family group for about six months.
FINE PRINTS Coyote prints are often difficult to distinguish from dogs. Coyote prints often only show the claws on the middle two toes and they are usually much narrower than a dog print.
Sources: California Department of Fish and Wildlife, National Forest Service, University of California Agriculture and Natural Resources Photo: Wikimedia Commons
Originally Posted by Bran Tse Mallory (Source) Originally Posted by
My home system is Frey. When I moved there back in June of last year the Frey Conservative Party was in control, I had great fun working for Free Frey and saw there influence rise a few points...
Then one day I logged in only to find that Frey was now inside the big red bubble as Bhotho had been taken over by the red faction. Problem is that the Frey Conservatives were now a minor faction reduced to a few points and an new faction, some mining company, was now in control... How the F word can this happen?
There was no war, nothing! The faction that took over were not even in the system to begin with. Nor were they any thing to do with any of the other systems anywhere near Frey.
Are we supposed to think that all the people in the system suddenly changed how they feel overnight with absolutely no warning or signs?
In short it made absolutely no sense at all from any perspective.
I can only liken it to waking up tomorrow and find the UK is now ruled by North Korea.
So my question is this - given that such stupid, nonsensical changes can happen at anytime what is the point of powerplay, the major factions and the minor ones too when the game just seems to invent new minor factions as and when it chooses which it then places in power while disregarding what is actually happening?
EDIT: If anyone can tell me why this happens and make it seem logical I would appreciate it as I doubt I will get to see the live stream - real world stuff to be done instead.
In the Internet age, it's easy to tell yourself you've seen it all. But while you've probably consumed a lifetime's worth of cat videos, explosion gifs, and Hitler-vs-dinosaur action sequences at this point, the natural world's still got plenty of surprises in store.
Including, it turns out, a plethora of fascinating creatures that lurk in the barely-explored deep ocean off the coast of Puerto Rico.
Advertisement
For the first time ever, a collection of strange, beautiful, and totally-alien looking creatures that live some 10,000 feet below the ocean's surface are saying hello to humanity. The video footage shown below was caught by a remotely operated vehicle on a unique, crowd-sourced exploration supported by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). Researchers were able to watch the footage in real time and offer their expertise through an Internet chatroom. Basically, Twitch for science.
Oceans cover two thirds of our planet's surface, and yet we've only explored five percent of them. It's mind boggling to imagine that scientists might discover life on another world before we fully come to appreciate what lives beneath the waters of this one. [IFLScience via Quartz]
Advertisement
DISCLAIMER: ALL DATES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE
Endor Escalation I PAPLOO
Starts: July 20th
Ends: July 22nd
Endor Escalation II LOGRAY
Starts: July 22nd
Ends: July 24th
Omega Battles: Endor
Starts: July 8th
Ends: July 8th
Notes: Requires Sith & Droids
Omega Battles: Empire
Starts: July 9th
Ends: July 9th
Notes: Requires Resistances & Clone Troopers
Emperors Demise
Starts: July 13th
Ends July 19th
Notes: Requires Rebels
Assault Battles: Military Might
Starts: July 15th
Ends: July 17th
Notes: Requires Rebels, Clones
Assault Battles: Forest Moon
Starts: July 15th
Ends: July 16th
Assault Battles: Forest Moon
Starts: July 20th
Ends: July 21st
Ewok Flash Events
July 22nd
July 25th
July 28th
Omega Battles: Hoth
Starts: July 22nd
Ends: July 22nd
Notes: Requires Scoundrels & First Order
Omega Battles: Jakku
Starts July 23rd
Ends: July 23rd
Assault Battles: Forest Moon
Starts July 25th
Ends: July 26th
Notes: Requires Empire
Assault Battles: Ground War
Starts July 29th
Ends: July 30th
Notes: Requires Ewoks
Hiya Everyone,Here is a list of upcoming events for the rest of June and a wee smidge of events to come in July. Cheers!Starts on following dates:
Generally what can Shiphtur do in midlane that you can't? What about vice-versa?
This was originally an ask.fm question but I hit the word cap. I did not know there was a word cap.
Before I can answer this question I should probably clear up why I wasn't a top tier player (especially in the current meta).
I was a player who's the strongest strength was the lane and establishing ways to get ahead out of lane. I was able to pretty much get any champion out of lane and get notoriously bad matchups out of lane effectively.
My greatest fault was my inability to conceptualize team fights and my decision making. For some reason this wasn't really picked up well by general populance. My inability to have strong decision making in game made it so that If I didn't have a significant lead on my opponents, the other lane opponent would out-impact me due to poor decision making of my own.
I was able to get by in earlier metas because there would be a lot of instances where I would get ahead early and then use that early lead to snowball kills to create a huge margin of error for me in terms of decision making (If you're 4-0 you only have to hit like 2 abilities and autos to kill another player or win team fights/skirmishes).
However, this meta (which I personally think is terrible and a hard deviation from what should be focused on in terms of mobas and league in general), is one that really makes kills very ineffective. A combination of a massive amount of anti-snowballing implementations (no real way to effectively counterjungle with huge xp boosts off jungle camps, huge XP increases off buffs, etc etc) and the introduction of teleport with the super ridiculous increase in dragon gold, made it extremely hard for you to snowball effectively off early kills and really set the pace of the game. Anti-tower diving buffs and xp range changes just accentuate the fact that early game especially in this meta is worth a lot less than other seasons.
It actually makes a huge deal on a global scale too. Last seasons when you looked globally, you saw a lot of very specific regional metas that had very big clashes in terms of playstyle. I don't just mean champion picks (example: aatrox is a very euro pick), but more along the lines that EU/NA had their own style of playing and another region like china would be a region that people called extremely aggressive, to the point where there were jokes that in china's SR there wasn't turrets.
This new patch kind of homogenized all the metas into one, and regions that excelled at doing stuff like early pressure (aka china) really lost the identity of a lot of their teams. While the best chinese teams were able to adapt to this change, you can see the overall impact of this change is that generally all the regions metas are very similar and while that's not necessarily a bad thing, I really don't like it when it's more of a forced change rather than a natural evolution.
Let me make it clear that I have no problem about anti-snowballing. I just feel that anti-snowballing is fine (and actually necessary to some degree) as long as there are also appropriate snowballing factors in the game as well. As of right now, there isn't. I feel like a lot of players and spectators to some degrees realize how important killing players is and kills are but aren't able to verbalize it effectively because it's just a very hard feeling to pin down. It took me a half year to even realize why I felt this way. A lot of the problems in the game from champion diversity to staleness to lategame competitive only team comps to even feelings of boredom about playing the game all are somewhat related to kills.
I kind of rambled on about irrelevant things but now that we've kind of established the current meta and why It's hard for any individual to get really strong early game leads, here's why shipthur is a better player than me:
1) mechanical upgrade
2) Decision making upgrade especially going into late/mid game skirmishes/team fights. You can really tell the difference if you watch the way they position in these areas.
3) Better champions in the meta (I mainly focused on a lot of assassin oriented/melee oriented champions if I wasn't playing karthus/ryze)
Even though me and shipthur may have comparable laning phases, the transition from the laning phase to the mid-game and late game were strong improvements especially in the current meta.
If the meta were to change to be more snowbally and kill oriented, it would be a lot better for me, but that definitely isn't the case at the moment.
Reply · Report Post
Charles Koch, one half of the conservative billionaire Koch brothers, admitted “it's possible” Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton would be better than Donald Trump.
Speaking Sunday on the ABC program This Week, the Tea Party financier said, "We would have to believe their actions would be quite different than them rhetoric. Let me put it this way. But on some of the Republican candidates we would – before we could support them, we'd have to believe their actions will be quite different than the rhetoric we've heard so far."
Koch complimented former president Bill Clinton on their achievements as president, telling interviewer Jonathan Karl that Clinton was better than their Republican successor, George W. Bush, on economic growth and government spending.
"As far as the growth of government, the increase in spending, on restrictive regulations, it was two-and-a-half times under Bush than it was under Clinton," they said.
Clinton was quick to dismiss the potential endorsement on Twitter.
Not interested in endorsements from people who deny climate science and try to make it harder for people to vote. https://t.co/TWN4zYhMBh — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) April 24, 2016
Last month, Clinton's Correct the Record PAC attempted to link rival Bernie Sanders with the Koch brothers, due to their opposition to Export-Import bank.
"I just think it's worth pointing out that the leaders of the fossil fuel industry, the Koch brothers, have just paid to put up an ad praising Sen Sanders. You know, there are a lot of different powerful interests in Washington. I've taken them on," Clinton said in March, unaware that they too would soon be praised by the conservatives.
Despite their campaign's opposition, the Clintons and Kochs do share a number of values and viewpoints.
Billionaire Koch brothers allegedly fund pro-uranium mining plans in Grand Canyon – report https://t.co/0zZkIYmR1Xpic.twitter.com/wGamIWRQ9d — RT America (@RT_America) April 21, 2016
Clinton was credited with “selling fracking to the world” through their promotion of the method of gas extraction, despite its devastating effects on the environment.
Koch Industries is an oil corporation and the second largest private company in the US. The brothers use their wealth to fund climate change denial. Greenpeace estimates the brothers have spent $79,048,951 on climate change denial groups since 1997.
READ MORE: Clinton loses it when Greenpeace activist asks about their fossil fuel donors (VIDEO)
TPP is the controversial trade deal Clinton supported “before they were against it” after a recent pre-primary flip-flop.
Emails from their time as Secretary of State reveal their department was “deeply involved” in discussions with Vietnam, New Zealand, and others. The Koch brothers, who pumped more than $40 million into lobbying for the deal between 2013 and 2015, control a number of PACS and think tanks, pumping in billions of dollars to influence policy.
New book finds father of Koch brothers built Nazi's third largest oil refinery https://t.co/5JbeUjFPZCpic.twitter.com/2CdCpUw06e — RT America (@RT_America) January 13, 2016
The brothers are prepared to spend close to $1 billion on the 2016 presidential elections. They also fund Freedom Partners, which promotes “the benefits of free markets and a free society” through donations to the Tea Party, also dubbed “the Koch brothers' secret bank” by Politico.
Americans for Prosperity is an influential advocacy group funded by the Koch brothers, which has fought against the Affordable Care Act, global warming regulation, and hikes in the minimum wage.
While Clinton may reject support from the super rich Kochs, their opponent Bernie Sanders lamented on NBC's Meet the Press that their second-place finish in 16 out of 17 primary states with the highest levels of income inequality was because “poor people don't vote.”
The Vermont senator went on to explain that the US has “one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country on earth,” citing the fact that 80 percent of poor people did not vote in the 2014 elections, often because they work well over 40 hours a week and without the job security to demand their legally-mandated time off to vote.
Clinton, Sanders close in Rhode Island, Connecticut, but Trump favorite over GOP rivals https://t.co/Tu9aHllpd1pic.twitter.com/RgE5Y6CNDA — RT America (@RT_America) April 25, 2016
Politifact also highlighted the costs of voter ID laws, which can prevent low income voters from spending up to $58 for a driver's license in order to register, as well as the disenfranchisement of ex-offenders.
Democratic voters in New York hinted at contradictions in who they support, what they look for in a candidate, and what issues were important to them.
Although Sanders was the favorite among voters who said “income inequality” is the issue that matters most to them, Clinton did better with voters who make less than $30,000 per year by 20 percentage points, 14 points under $50,000, and more than $100,000 per year by a 10-point gap.
Hillary PAC spending $1m to ‘forcefully correct' social media trolls https://t.co/hSSrTFL5V0pic.twitter.com/E2cjkAEBTt — RT America (@RT_America) April 22, 2016
However, Sanders was just eight points shy of Clinton among those in the middle - and they had a 21 point lead on them in the $50,000-99,999 income brackets in the Wisconsin primary a few weeks earlier, according to New York Times exit polls.
When asked what candidate quality matters most, those who said “Cares about people like me” voted two to one for Sanders versus Clinton.
Most telling, perhaps, from the New York Times exit poll, given all the money and time that went into the final weeks of the campaign, was that two-thirds of voters had already picked their candidate more than a month before election day.
A French tattoo artist's introduction and a shared love of art: How Scarlett Johansson met them Mr Right, Romain Dauriac
The news this week that Scarlett Johansson and their beau Romain Dauriac have gotten engaged has left many wondering exactly who they are, and what they have in common.
While Mr Dauriac has managed to stay mostly out of the public eye, the 31-year-old French journalist does have some impressive feats under their belt, having been the editor of French urban art magazine Clark before becoming the manager of a creative agency.
According to E! , their love of art is one of the things that they and Scarlett bonded over in the first place, since the 28-year-old actor apparently met them through tattoo artist Fuzi Uvtpk, a mutual friend.
Attractive couple: Johansson debuted their Art Deco-style diamond engagement ring alongside their tuxedoed beau at Venice Film Festival this week
Mutual interests: Their love of art may be one of the things that they and Scarlett bonded over, since the 28-year-old actor apparently met them through tattoo artist Fuzi Uvtpk, a mutual friend
The French tattoo artist inked a horseshoe and the message 'Lucky You' on Scarlett's ribcage in November, and their boyfriend was believed to have gotten one that reads 'Lost Illusions'.
Their engagement came as something of a surprise to fans, not only because they were linked for only about ten months, but also because Scarlett has been quoted in the past saying they are indifferent about marriage.
The actor, who was married to Ryan Reynolds from 2008 to 2010, told Elle UK in January: 'I never think about marriage. . . It's really not important to me. It has no relevance to me right now.'
They continued: 'I'm in a nice relationship, I'm working a lot. . . To me, being in a functioning relationship doesn't mean you have to be married.'
' I like people that have a colorful way of looking at things, that are inspiring and like art, music, film '
But the Under the Skin star seems to have changed their tune completely, debuting a sparkling Art Deco-style diamond ring at the Venice International Film Festival this week.
So what is it about this man that makes them better than their past loves like Sean Penn, Jared Leto and Josh Hartnett?
One thing is for sure: Mr Dauriac, like their fiancee, takes privacy very seriously.
The ring: The star once said they were indifferent to marriage, but they seem to have changed their tune completely, debuting a sparkling Art Deco-style diamond ring at the Venice International Film Festival this week
The look of love: The dapper Mr Dauriac can't help but stare at their lovely lady at the film festival
The couple kept their relationship under wraps for months, only stepping out together after dark and being extremely wary of photographers.
At the New York Hitchcock premiere on November 18, for instance, the Frenchman was seen hanging around behind the railings in casualwear while Scarlett worked the red carpet.
As soon as the event was over, however, they whisked them away to dinner.
That same month, they were spotted having lunch together at trendy Mexican restaurant La Esquina in SoHo, New York.
Inked up: Fuzi Uvtpk (right) inked a horseshoe and the message 'Lucky You' on Scarlett's ribcage in November, and their boyfriend was believed to have gotten one that reads 'Lost Illusions'
Whirlwind romance: Their engagement came as something of a surprise to fans, not least because they were linked for only about ten months
Stealing away: The couple went casual and theirs behind shades as they boarded a boat in Venice after the film festival
Scarlett was careful to shield their face under a baseball cap, and their boyfriend hid from the cameras.
Another indication of their mutual distaste for privacy invasion is the fact that neither is active on any social media websites.
In the May issue of Marie Claire, the actor explained: 'All of it drives me crazy. I don't understand this need to "share." We almost exploit ourselves in order to be seen.'
And while Mr Dauriac does have a Twitter page, they have only published 21 tweets and has neglected to write any posts since May 2010.
Not only do the future husband and wife share a love of art, but they also are apparently equally fond of dancing their hearts out.
Private person: At the New York Hitchcock premiere in November, the Frenchman was seen hanging around behind the railings while Scarlett worked the red carpet, and quietly whisking them off to dinner after
Keeping out of the public eye: Another indication of their mutual distaste for privacy invasions is the fact that neither is active on any social media websites
In April, Scarlett gushed about an outing with their beau at Manhattan night club Lighthouse, explaining: ' The next day my boyfriend and I were saying , "We were the best dancers in the whole world last night!"'
They then confessed: '[We were] completely delusional. I'm sure we were absolutely, like, ridiculous together.'
And if Mr Dauriac has any hope for their future with the Golden Globe winner, they will not be an overly jealous husband.
Creative beings: Judging by something Scarlett said in January, we have a feeling he'll be just fine. 'I like people that have a colorful way of looking at things, that are inspiring,' they mused. 'And like art, music and film'
Scarlett told Marie Claire: 'I don't mind an occasional check-in, but when somebody is passive-aggressively jealous, it's really unattractive because it shows a sort of insecurity.'
But judging by something they told Elle magazine in January, we have a feeling he'll be just fine.
'I like people that have a colorful way of looking at things, that are inspiring,' they mused. 'And like art, music and film.'
Scarlett's other exes include Fun guitarist Jack Antonoff (who is now dating Lena Dunham), Patrick Wilson and New York ad executive Nate Naylor.
Colossus's Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Laura Girod Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 18, 2017
This is the FAQ of Request's main demo feature and 1st version built on Ethereum and working on a testnet at https://app.request.network.
Which currencies are supported when I send a request?
Currently, you can only pay a request with ETH (Ether). Starting in Q1 2018, you will be able to pay a request with BTC, ERC-20 tokens, and fiat money thanks to the use of Oracles.
Within what timeframe do I have to pay a request?
There currently is no time limit to pay a request.
Payment terms can be added to requests as of Q1 2018. This will give the creator of a request the ability to indicate a payment due date. If you haven't paid the request at the due date, the request remains unpaid on the network with an additional late payment fee such as on a normal invoice.
Besides, the reputation system for good and bad payers will give you an incentive to pay a request on time.
How does the reputation system work?
A reputation system for good and bad payers will be implemented in order to detect phishing and give an incentive for users to pay their requests on time.
As a payee, it's easier for you to get paid and allows you to detect unreliable users.
As a payer, you improve your credit score which results in an easier access to financing and investment.
To determine the credit score of a payer, several criteria are taken into account within the reputation system: the effective payment, the timing of payments (on time or late), the number of requests received, and the status of the requests (accepted or declined).
Can I pay a request in multiple terms?
Yes, you can pay a request in multiple terms. The request will remain ‘in progress' until the total payment is received.
Can I pay a request in the currency I want?
Currently you can only pay with ETH (Ether). In Q1 2018, you will be able to pay with BTC (Bitcoin) or any ERC-20 token. With the multiplication of currencies and tokens, it is likely that someone asks you to pay in a currency you don't own. For these situations you will have two options: convert (with 0x Project) and pay the request, or pay the request with the desired currency by letting Kyber Network handle the conversion.
Can I pay more than the amount of the request?
Yes. If you do so by mistake (an overpayment), you can ask the payee for a refund. If you want to pay more than the request amount indicates (i.e. give a tip), you can add it to the payment.
Are there fees to use Request?
To create a request, around 0.1% of the request amount has to be paid in Request tokens (REQ) as a burning fee. In addition, there is a fixed Ethereum gas cost depending on the gas price you set which will be reduced over time. A maximum fee cap of 1$ is set.
Do I have to sign up for an account to use Request?
You don't have to create an account with Request to create and send requests. You simply connect to your wallet: currently, Request exclusively supports Metamask, and soon (Q1 2018) Ledger Nano S, your private key, and/or a JSON file.
Do I need REQ tokens to create a request?
No, you don't need to own REQ tokens to create a request.
Can I create a request as a payer?
At the moment, you can only create a request as the payee.
In a future version of Request Network, you'll be able to create a request both as a payee and as a payer.
As a payee, your request will need to be validated by the payer.
As a payer, the request status automatically changes to ‘accepted'. No validation from the payee is needed. However, if the payee doesn't agree with the request, s/he can cancel and refund it.
Can I update my request?
Once the request is accepted by the payer, you can't increase the amount of the request. However, you can update your request by adding a subtract (i.e. discount) in case of a negotiation afterwards.
Can I cancel my request?
As a payee, you can cancel the request if it is not accepted by the payer yet.
If the request is accepted by the payer, you can only cancel your request if it is not paid yet.
As a payer, you can decline a request when you receive it. Once accepted, you can't cancel a request without the payee's agreement.
Can I save a draft of a request?
No, if you don't finish the creation of a request, no draft will be saved.
Can I send estimates/quotes to my clients?
Not yet. Request Network is a decentralized ecosystem, so everyone can build on top of Request to provide additional features to the network. Take a look at our Tech Mindmap to check out all the possibilities for you to develop on top of Request.
Do I have a dashboard of my requests?
Yes, you have access to a dashboard with the history of your previous requests (issued and received), along with their details and statuses. You can look for a specific request by using the search box.
Can I export my requests as PDF and/or Excel files?
This feature is not yet available today. However, since Request Network is a decentralized ecosystem, everyone can build on top of it to provide additional features to the network. Take a look at our Tech Mindmap to check out all the possibilities for you to develop on top of Request.
Can I create an invoice request?
You currently can only create a standard request. In future versions, you will be able to create different types of requests such as an invoice request, a salary request, a loan request, and a crowdfunding request (read an in-depth explanation in this article).
Amanda Gould's ongoing health problems have driven them to consider suicide at several points during their life. Although they have the support of their husband and family, the chronic pain from fibromyalgia and other conditions have made their life miserable. Gould admits to using medical marijuana to ease their pain, and they understand they violated the terms of their probation for a separate DUI incident by turning to this type of treatment. However, they explain that traditional medications have not been able to help her, so they desperately turned to an alternative.
Gould was arrested for testing positive on a drug test administered due to their probation after a DUI incident. They spent two months in jail, but a judge granted their request to be released on probation again. This time, they face the more serious community control probation that will restrict their movements. Nevertheless, they say they are simply grateful to be able to return home after spending time in the Pasco County jail.
Advertisement
Amanda Gould has spent time in hospice in the past as their health vacillated. They claim medical marijuana was one of the few options that provided them with the ability to control their chronic pain. However, it is illegal in Florida, and the judge has warned them not to repeat the same mistake. The 36-year-old has not revealed any plans to move to a state that allows for the use of medical marijuana, but they have several options.
Read more about fibromyalgia:
Memantine drug shows promise for fibromyalgia
Fibromyalgia study focuses on brain stimulation to fight pain
Image: Public Domain/Pixabay
Put this one in the “Even the great ones screw up every once in a while” file. This is a painting from Norman Rockwell titled People Reading Stock Exchange for one of their many Saturday Evening Post covers. There appears to be nothing unique about it at first glance, just a group of folks hunched around a wall chart that they all find completely absorbing. They all seem perfectly normal until you take a closer look and notice that the young man in the red shirt seems different. You look a bit closer, maybe squint a little until you realize you don't need to do that to see their abnormality. Yes, they have three legs. Rockwell apparently didn't notice this until it was pointed out years later and it proved to be a embarrassing episode for him, especially given their reputation for capturing detail in their work.
Some people have tried to explain it away as some sort of subconscious phallic representation which seems like a stretch to me. I think it was merely an oversight although an unusual one. As a casual viewer, it is something that is easy to overlook but I am more amazed that in the process that it simply didn't register for them that they were creating a most unusual young man. As an artist, it's reassuring to see someone so meticulous make such an error.
Most artists have at least a handful of such things in their background, pieces with shadows that make no sense in nature or arms that are much too long for any living human. Most go unnoticed. The unfortunate thing is that once they are identified, they become the focal point of that painting forever– something once seen cannot be unseen.
I know that I have several paintings with such mistakes, pieces that, without these flaws being pointed out, are strong and full works. Few people, if any, notice these flaws but for me they are the first things my eyes rest upon in the picture. They don't bother me as I am sure this bothered Rockwell. I see them as symbols of our humanity, our inherent flawed nature.
We don't need to point out our flaws. They're there for all to see. We can only hope people accept us, three legs or two or one. And the three-legged young man here is a refreshing reminder of Rockwell's humanity.
If you don't watch John Oliver, you should. He's one of the most poignant, and literate, funnymen in television history. Conservatives hate them because….well, because he's right. Well he's left.. but he's correct in their assessment of American politics, and nobody likes hearing the truth (especially conservatives).
And of course he's great at their job, they were taught by none other than the great Jon Stewart when they posed as a fake news correspondent for a few years on The Daily Show, even coming so far as to fill in for Stewart for three months in the summer of 2013. We're very unfortunate to have lost Stewart from television, but the consolation prize is the greatest replacement you could ask for: John Oliver.
On this past weekend's Last Week Tonight on HBO, Oliver successfully explains why the presidential primaries and caucuses are so broken. Watch the hilarious video below to find out:
Posted Thursday, April 14, 2016 11:47 am
Some say maples, cypresses and beeches all reach the peak of their glory in the fall, when their foliage adds shades of dark red, bright orange or deep green to the skyline.
But on a recent tour of Wave Hill, a group of experts pointed out the subtle pleasures of looking at the grounds' wide range of trees before their leaves even appear.
“I love the contrast between the massive, powerful trunk and lacey branches,” seasoned spokesperson Martha Gellens said beneath a looming, roughly 100-year-old American elm.
It is “stately and graceful, the way its trunk goes up very clear, way above other trees and then spreads out like an umbrella above them,” remarked Louis Bauer, director of horticulture at Wave Hill, which is hosting a number of events to mark Arbor Day later this month.
Across a footpath, there was a lacebark pine tree with eye-catching speckled bark. The species originally comes from China.
Ms. Gellens pointed out while most public gardens arrange their trees in uniform groups, visitors can find a diverse mix of plants within close proximity to one another at Wave Hill.
“Détente — right here,” Laurel Rimmer, assistant director of public programs, joked in front of the American and Chinese trees.
Mr. Bauer pointed out that since Dutch elm disease destroyed many American elms in the 1930s, Wave Hill takes extra pains to care for its grandfatherly specimen.
They noted that in recent years, climate change and increasing temperatures have begun to threaten some trees that are not native to New York.
“I think that most people would say that climate change is affecting some trees like the sugar maple because this is sort of the southern end of their range,” Mr. Bauer said. “They [come from] the colder parts of their country.”
On the rare occasions that Wave Hill loses a tree — sometimes just due to old age — the institution breaks the news to guests months before removing the specimen.
“People tend to have very strong feelings about trees — maybe in general, but here especially. If a tree has to come down, it evokes a lot of feelings,” said Ms. Gellens, explaining that regular visitors grow used to seeing beloved trees over the years.
Unseasonably cold temperatures so far this spring have given magnolia trees in particular a hard time, as evidenced by their desiccated leaves. But near Wave Hill's Glyndor Gallery, where the center exhibits art that often has a conservation theme, a copper beech seemed to be doing fine.
The tree, which gets its name from the color it turns in the fall, was still grayish-white on Monday.
“Look at the roots. It's like big worms coming up. It's a very muscular-looking trunk and fascinating to children,” said Ms. Gellens. “They like to get under it and look right up into it.”
Many of the trees that are still bare at Wave Hill will have gained foliage by Arbor Day, which falls on Friday, April 29. The center has scheduled a wide range of activities for that week. There will be guided tours focusing on trees, art-making and science workshops, lessons on cooking with conifers and more.
“Our take on Arbor Day may not be exactly what the founders intended, which was probably more about planting trees,” said Mr. Bauer. “We're really celebrating ones that have been here for 100, 200 years. So we have our own kind of focus.”
Visit www.wavehill.org to see a full listing of Arbor Week events at Wave Hill, located at 675 W. 252nd St.
When an employee of the hotel went upstairs to the room shared by the couple, the victim was heard to say: "I am in agony, I am going to die."
They were rushed to Manchester Royal Infirmary with multiple gun shot pellets in the abdomen and received significant trauma injuries. The victim received emergency surgery which saved their lives but is recovering from life changing injuries.
In hospital, they informed medical staff of the traumatic experience and explained that Jeffers was a "bad man" who tried to "blow their insides out".
On Friday, at Manchester's Minshull Street Crown Court, Jeffers who was due to stand trial for attempted murder, pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life after it emerged that the victim had agreed to take part in the act as part of their own sexual fantasy.
Jeffers received a 10 year custodial sentence for what a judge described as "a sexual fantasy with dreadful consequences".
Prosecuting, Peter Wright QC, said: "The defendant is 47 years of age and falls to be sentenced upon count three of the indictment. The victim is 46 years of age and was employed in the Stockport area which was some distance from their home and would regularly stay over at the Britannia.
John Bel Edwards and David Vitter face off in governor debate (photo gallery)
Republican David Vitter, right and Democrat John Bel Edwards, left exit the studio following their first live televised debate of the runoff campaign,Tuesday, November 10, 2015. The event is hosted by The Council for A Better Louisiana and Louisiana Public Broadcasting in Baton Rouge. (Photo by Ted Jackson, Nola.com | The Times-Picayune)
As they no doubt celebrates Sen. David Vitter's political struggles, Gov. Bobby Jindal probably has mixed feelings. Sure, they and their staff despise Vitter. There's been no love lost between the two men and their aides for the past eight years.
Jindal and Vitter have never been close. Jindal declined to endorse Vitter in 2010 in the aftermath of their 2007 prostitution scandal. "Voters can make up their own mind," they said at the time. Throughout their second term, Vitter has been a constant critic of Jindal, as they noted in Monday night's debate on Louisiana Public Broadcasting. "I've publicly fought and butted heads with Bobby Jindal on many important issues," Vitter said.
Vitter has certainly done nothing to help Jindal as they campaign for president, and Jindal remains conspicuously absent from Vitter's campaign for governor. It's clear that Jindal won't endorse Vitter, even if Vitter wanted their endorsement (which they don't).
The reasons why Jindal won't help Vitter in the governor's race are as complicated as the two men's stormy relationship. It's not that Jindal doesn't want Vitter to lose. A large part of Jindal would surely love nothing more than to see the state's senior U.S. senator go down to a crushing defeat on Nov. 21. If Vitter loses the governor's race to Democratic state Rep. John Bel Edwards, Jindal knows that Vitter's political career may be over.
Vitter might run for re-election to the Senate in 2016, but Republican leaders in Louisiana and Washington might also urge them to step aside, lest a politically crippled Vitter hand the seat to a Democratic challenger. The only person happier than Louisiana's Democrats at that outcome would be Bobby Jindal.
And yet.
If Vitter forfeits the governor's race - a race that everyone (this writer included) believed was theirs to lose just a few weeks ago - one reason for the loss will be the damage to the Louisiana Republican brand inflicted by eight years of Bobby Jindal. There is currently no elected official in Louisiana more unpopular than Jindal. A UNO poll released on Thursday put Jindal's statewide disapproval rating at a stunning 70 percent. Earlier polls that have shown them less popular than President Obama or losing to Hillary Clinton in a hypothetical matchup in Louisiana.
If Vitter is damaged goods, Jindal is toxic waste. And to some extent, Jindal is poisoning Vitter's campaign for governor. Most voters don't know how much the two men despise one another. Moreover, even if they knew, it might not matter much. Vitter's position on most issues is the same as Jindal's.
That said, it's not entirely accurate to suggest that Vitter would be Jindal's third term. For example, Vitter is more willing to raise taxes and says he's open to accepting federal Medicaid expansion funds under provisions of the Affordable Care Act. Still, on the vast majority of policy questions, the two men are aligned.
Watching from their new home in Iowa, our governor knows that if Vitter loses, the celebration within the Jindal camp will be brief and private. That's because Jindal undoubtedly realizes that pundits in Louisiana and Washington will immediately blame them for some part of Vitter's loss.
Especially in Iowa, Jindal cannot afford for opponents like Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee and others to say, "Look what Bobby Jindal did to the Republican brand in Louisiana. They were so unpopular that disgusted voters elected a Democrat to take their place." (That assumes, of course, that any other GOP candidate in Iowa remotely sees Jindal as a threat. So far, none does.)
Still, the voters' repudiation of Vitter would be analyzed by some as a repudiation of Jindal.
Jindal and their allies, of course, would rightly note that Vitter's 2007 prostitution scandal had nothing to do with Jindal and that the governor's race was primarily a referendum on Vitter's character and personality, not about policy or ideology. That's all true.
But it's also true that if Vitter loses, they will lose to Edwards, Jindal's fiercest critic in the Legislature over the past eight years. More than any elected official in the state, Edwards has campaigned as the candidate who will reverse many of Jindal's policies. Edwards has pledged to reinvest in higher education, immediately accept the Medicaid expansion funds, restore sanity to the state's budget process and stop the ugly practice of scapegoating hard-working teachers for society's ill.
While Vitter tries to tie Edwards to President Obama, Edwards labels Vitter a proxy for the unpopular governor. And they have wisely done their best to frame the election not simply as a referendum on Vitter, but also as a way for voters - sick of eight years of Republican misrule in Baton Rouge - to register their displeasure with Jindal.
However you look at it, Jindal's unpopularity and their mismanagement of Louisiana government is not helping Vitter. A loss by Vitter could have negative repercussions in Iowa for Jindal. Perhaps that is the only thing about losing that Vitter might enjoy.
Robert Mann, an author and former U.S. Senate and gubernatorial staffer, holds the Manship Chair in Journalism at the Manship School of Mass Communication at Louisiana State University. Read more from them at their blog, Something Like the Truth. Follow them on Twitter @RTMannJr or email them at bob.mann@outlook.com.
Patrick Beverley has been annoying lately.
If you're like me, Beverley was a nobody until the first round playoff series between Houston and OKC when they exploded onto the scene. Beverley was everywhere against OKC –clearly demonstrating that he's lightning fast, a pest on defense, and aggressive as they come (2.8 fouls per game this season). Considering also, that Kevin McHale and company apparently love Pat's game — there's a lot to like about Beverley as a fantasy asset.
Alas, their production thus far has been pedestrian at best; mixing useful stat lines with disappearing allusions.
When Beverley is on though, get the fuck out of their way. Check out their November 9th box score against CP3 and the Clips: 46%fg, 100%ft, 19pts, 3 3ptm, 3asts, 5rbds, 4 stls, 2 blks, 3to. That's a line that makes all fantasy teams better. The problem is, however, that they haven't been ‘on' very often. Anyway, let's take a closer look at the numbers.
Beverley is only averaging 42%fg, 85%ft, 1.4 3ptm, 9.3pts, 2.1asts, 4.2 rbds, 1stls, 0.6 blks, 1.4to this season. Below is their game log with some noteworthy observations:
Game Log Game FG 3PT FT. Rebounds. Misc. Date Opp G Min M A % M A % M A % Off Def Tot Ast TO Stl Blk PF Pts Nov 19 BOS 1 23 6 9 .667 2 3 .667 2 2 1.000 0 4 4 1 1 0 0 3 16 Nov 16 DEN 1 27 4 7 .571 3 4 .750 0 0 .000 2 3 5 2 0 0 1 2 11 Nov 14 @NY 1 27 2 6 .333 1 5 .200 0 0 .000 1 1 2 2 2 1 0 0 5 Nov 13 @PHI 1 42 4 8 .500 1 5 .200 3 4 .750 3 6 9 5 0 3 1 4 12 Nov 11 TOR 1 24 0 5 .000 0 4 .000 1 2 .500 1 3 4 0 3 0 0 4 1 Nov 9 LAC 1 38 6 13 .462 3 8 .375 4 4 1.000 1 4 5 3 3 4 2 5 19 Nov 7 LAK 1 34 1 10 .100 1 5 .200 0 0 .000 3 1 4 4 1 1 1 5 3 Nov 5 @POR 1 29 5 9 .556 1 3 .333 1 1 1.000 4 0 4 1 0 0 0 2 12 Nov 4 @LAC 0 0 0 0 .000 0 0 .000 0 0 .000 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Nov 2 @UTA 0 0 0 0 .000 0 0 .000 0 0 .000 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Nov 1 DAL 0 0 0 0 .000 0 0 .000 0 0 .000 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Oct 30 CHA 1 10 2 4 .500 1 3 .333 0 0 .000 1 0 1 1 2 0 0 0 5
A lot of their production came from just a few big games — another game like this per week and their total production skyrockets.
Beverley currently ranks 9th in rebounding, 4th in blocks, 33rd in steals, and 19th in threes among point guards. This is the heart of Beverley's upside and appeal.
among point guards. This is the heart of Beverley's upside and appeal. Given their recent inconsistency, there's a fair chance their rankings improve significantly.
Their shooting has been ugly, hopefully a product of rust.
Categorical Marginal Analysis: Patrick Beverley vs Steve Blake
The other day my brother asked me if they should pick up Beverley or Steve Blake (51%owned), I responded by endorsing Beverley enthusiastically. I was wrong then, there's no doubt about that — Blake dished out an unreal 16 assists a few nights ago. But take a look at the marginal breakdown between Beverley and Blake this season:
Steve Blake — 40%fg, 77%ft, 2.2 3ptm, 9.8pts, 7.3asts, 3.2rbds, 1.1 stls, 0blks, 1.8to
Patrick Beverley — 42%fg, 85%ft, 1.4 3ptm, 9.3pts, 2.1asts, 4.2 rbds, 1stls, 0.6 blks, 1.4to
On the margin Beverley wins 5-4
Blake takes: threes, points, assists, and steals
Beverley takes: fg%, ft%, boards, blocks, and turnovers.
Some other observations include:
Beverley shot 42%fg's in their rookie season last year, as they get rolling and gains experience, I'd expect them to become more efficient.
Blake is a career 40% fg shooter.
Blake offers a significant advantage in assists. If you're struggling in assists, or simply value assists highly, Blake is probably a better option for now.
Blake's role is not guaranteed the whole season, Beverley is a larger part of their teams long term plans, despite dealing with a timeshare.
Although Blake has been a better scorer so far, he's never averaged more than 11 ppg since 2003. I wouldn't expect their scoring numbers to maintain when Kobe's back.
This is probably the best Steve Blake can play, whereas Beverley is just at the tip of the iceberg.
Regardless of recent history, I'd prefer to own Beverley. Their explosiveness and versatility separates them from nearly everyone else on waivers; they simply have much more upside than most available players. Obviously Beverley is a work in progress: he'll be inconsistent at times, and like many young players, inefficient too. He's a gamble, there's no doubt about that — but he's a high ceiling guy with a medium-high floor. Just to be clear, I'm not buying their current production; Beverley's value relies on what they might be doing a month from now. They haven't really even played well yet and they still tie hot commodity Steve Blake on the margin.
When they do get in a groove, though, Beverley will leave Blake in the dust. I'm not saying you should go drop Steve Blake right now, they are quite useful over the short term. All I'm saying is that when January rolls around, don't be the guy watching Steve Blake struggle to post 10 and 5 when Beverley is lighting up nights like Nov. 9 more and more often.
Buy a powerball ticket, not a scratch off.
—————————————————————————————–
stats courtesy of: rotoworld and yahoo! sports
gif courtesy of: Arrested Development via someone on tumbrl.
second photo courtesty of: http://www.fanpop.com
Advertisements
Rachel Weber Senior Editor Thursday 5th July 2012 Share this article Share
Blizzard has taken the brave step of addressing Diablo III players on one of the game's apparent lack of replayability, which is acknowledged had disappointed the community.
"We recognise that the item hunt is just not enough for a long-term sustainable end-game. There are still tons of people playing every day and week, and playing a lot, but eventually they're going to run out of stuff to do (if they haven't already)" said a post by community manager Bashiok on the official forum.
"Honestly Diablo III is not World of Warcraft. We aren't going to be able to pump out tons of new systems and content every couple months. There needs to be something else that keeps people engaged, and we know it's not there right now."
It went on to promise upcoming patches would "do a lot to give people things to do" but that other possible features, like progression systems, were "still a way out."
"Hindsight is 20/20 I suppose, but we believed pre-release that the item hunt would be far more sustainable, and would work to be a proper end-game for quite a while. That didn't turn out to be true, and we recognise that."
theouijagirl:
kerplunkers:
hypo-thermic: yogaboi: toocooltobehipster: To donate £5 to the charity supporting the male victims of domestic abuse, text the message: MKDV46 to 70070
Click here to watch the video At first I though this was a joke Don't ignore this Tumblr Yet they still do even when it's right in their face.
This reminds me of how a friend of mine was abused by the mother of their child. They were mentally unstable and used to berate them constantly and would smack them in the head all the time. It really pissed me off. Then one night they threw hot coffee in their face and tried to stab them with a screwdriver. The cops hauled them off to jail because they made up a sob story that painted themselves as the victim.
Once they left her, they stayed with me and it was a nightmare. They stalked them and me. They would drive by my house obsessively at all hours of the day and night (her muffler made a weird sound so I know it was her). They started showing up at my job, showing up at the places I frequented around town, and filling up my voicemail with dead air. The cops were no help.
One day they got bold enough to talk their way into my home by conning my elderly grandmother, whom I was taking care of, while I was out. They went in my room and went through my stuff (creepy), then found them napping on the couch and attacked him. My grandmother witnessed the whole thing. They grabbed them by the arms, forced them out the front door, and locked it. The cops were called again. They said they'd go and ‘talk' to them
The next day we were watching a movie and there was a knock at the door. The police had come to arrest him. They filed a complaint against them and shown off some bruises on their arms from the altercation that they swore were completely unprovoked. My grandmother saw the whole thing since they were in the living room too and testified on their behalf. They still ended up serving jail time.
No one takes male domestic violence victims seriously. They only see males as perpetrators.
Effect sizes from representational similarity analysis are too small
A demonstration of the quadratic relationship between dimension correlations and distance matrix correlations
Representational similarity analysis (RSA) is an increasingly popular technique for analyzing data from functional magnetic imaging (fMRI) experiments. Its basic idea is to compare how similar things (e.g. visual objects, linguistic utterances, other people) are in terms of patterns of brain activity they elicit, and then correlate this similarity with predictions from a theory (e.g. a computational model, another brain region, behaviors elicited). Due to the focus on fine grained patterns of activity, RSA can be considered a form of multivoxel pattern analysis (MVPA) alongside other techniques such as classification. Although correlation-based analysis is actually the oldest form of MVPA, RSA-proper originated with the work of Kriegeskorte, Mur and Bandettini (2008). The manifest potential of the approach has occasioned considerable excitement, but RSA's novelty means we still have a lot to learn about its functional characteristics.
Over the past several years I've been using RSA to study the neural organization of social knowledge. In the tradition of Kriegeskorte et al.'s work, I've been using condition-rich designs in which participants think about large sets of social stimuli (primarily other's traits and mental states, but see here for an earlier blog post in which I model pattern similarity as a function of Bacon Number). A major goal of this work has been to establish which dimensions account for the most variance in the social domain. For example, are the dimensions of warmth and competence from the Stereotype Content Model better at distinguishing neural responses to thinking about famous people than the Big 5 personality traits? (The provisional answer seems to be yes, by the way.) It was in the course of this research that I discovered the following mathematical quirk regarding RSA effect size estimates.
A fundamental step in any application of RSA is the correlation of (dis)similarity (i.e. distance) matrices. Typically, one matrix is derived from neural data and the other from a theory. For example, we could calculate the neural similarity of representations of famous people by cross-correlating the patterns associated with thinking about them. Participants might then rate each famous person on extraversion, allowing us to calculate a distance matrix by taking the absolute differences between these ratings for each pair of famous people. We could estimate how well extraversion explains pattern similarity by correlating the rating dissimilarity matrix with the neural correlation (distance) matrix, after converting them each into vectors, naturally.
The value of the correlation of the between the neural and theoretical distance matrices provides a measure of effect size or model fit. Nothing is mathematically wrong with this measure, but from an interpretational point of view I have discovered that it can be misleadingly small. If what one is really interested in is modelling (dis)similarities, then it's actually completely fine. However, what one might be interested in when doing RSA is likely to be something subtly different. If we suppose a true set of representational dimensions underlies patterns of neural activity (using dimensions in a very broad sense here), then we are likely to be more interested in how much variance we can explain in these underlying dimensions. Intuitively, I had always thought that the proportion of variance explained in the distances and the proportion of variance explained in the underlying dimensions would be practically identical... until I started playing. As it turns out, the relationship between the correlation of two vectors and the correlation of distance matrices derived from them is actually quadratic, as illustrated in the figure below.
Relationship between vector correlation and distance vector correlation
R code
This figure was generated by simulating random normal vectors with predetermined correlations (R=[-1,1]), calculating distance vector for each by taking the absolute difference between each of the values in each vector, and then correlating the resulting distance vectors.
A few salient points:
The overall U-shape of the graph is not unexpected because the distance conversion essentially discards sign information. However, a direct relationship between the original and distance-converted data would yield a V- rather than U-shape. The gap between the R=|R| and R=R 2 lines illustrates this difference and the problematic underestimation.
lines illustrates this difference and the problematic underestimation. The underestimation is all the more pernicious because it is nonlinear, with large differences for middling correlations but small differences for correlations near 0, 1, or -1. Thus, for example, when Kriegeskorte and colleagues found a correlation of R = .49 between human and monkey IT cortex dissimilarity matrices, the dimensions of human object representation might actually have correlated with the dimensions of monkey IT object representation at R = .70.
= .49 between human and monkey IT cortex dissimilarity matrices, the dimensions of human object representation might actually have correlated with the dimensions of monkey IT object representation at = .70. "N" here refers not to participant number, but to condition number in the simulated experiment. The quadratic relationship clearly becomes more precise as a function of N, and low N cases even seem to be particularly underestimated. Since even condition-rich fMRI experiments often have fewer than 100 conditions, this tendency is germane and worrisome.
Although the quadratic relationship is nearly perfect, especially for high N, many more points fall under the U-curve than above it, suggesting some slight additional underestimation of unknown origin.
While not shown in the figure (check the code), the quadratic underestimation persists under a variety of circumstances. At least within the limited scope of the simulations I've run, it has been resilient to: Higher dimensionality distance matrices (i.e. derived from multiple vectors) Distance matrices based on a correlation (vs. Euclidean) distance metric Spearman (vs. Pearson) correlation between distance vectors
When I first encountered this issue, I was sure that somebody must have discovered it before (even if not in the context of RSA). However, despite fairly exhaustive searching I have yet to find anything regarding this issue. Of course, this sort of thing often lands itself an abstruse technical name, so if someone knows the magical terms to search for I'd be grateful to learn them. It also seems to me that this quadratic relationship is very likely amenable to formal (rather than merely numerical) proof. I took a crack at this initially, but didn't get very far, alas. If you've got the math to solve it, I'd be very interested to see a proof!
In the meantime, there remains the practical issue of what to do about this underestimation. One possibility would be to simply take the square root of the correlation between your dissimilarity matrices. However, in the absence of a formal proof, and given the slightly imperfect nature of the quadratic relationship, some might object to this practice. Another possibility might be to estimate the true underlying dimensions using a technique like factor analysis or multidimensional scaling. These dimensions could then be directly correlated with the dimensions from the theories you are testing. This approach comes with the concomitant headaches of determining dimension number (and possibly rotation), but at least the results wouldn't have to rely on a so-far nonexistent proof. Of course, using either of these approaches would only be appropriate if the underlying representational dimensions are what you're really interested in. If that's not the case, and you really care about the dis(similarity) matrices for their own sake, then no correction is necessary.
Edit: Thanks to Enrico Glerean for recommending some excellent further reading on the topic of distance matrix correlation (1, 2, 3).
[Verse 1: Young Rippa]
Yo, the politician'll easily mention a lie cuz
They count on you don't know the truth, you tend to
Probably why you're swiping left at the voting booth
Emotional casting, voting on whack quotables
It's supposed to be a polling booth
You vote for who is owning you?
Y'all must be too dumb or blind to see it
Get robbed by some guys that's heathens
Your mind's defeated, you high?!
Cuz you think this guy is a genius
You let them tax you for breathing, minus the breathing
You're a jack-wagon so beat it. So be it
I'm never against a nice movement
But if the state call it “free” it got a price to it
You claim to be against more slavery
But yet you want the state to confiscate
Fruits of labor and It's fake to me
The government is in 18 trillion dollars worth of debt
Forgive me if I don't trust them with my check
Pissing money by the sec, and it's dumb kinda
What kinda dumbfounded clown gladly fund irresponsible warmongers?!
Democrats act like they the party of peace
While Obama is bombing babies in the streets, and its weak
They're sending drones blowing up hospitals and doctors
Not a lot of difference from a Bush than Barack, cause
It's very evident the current president is not retarded
He's smart like a con artist
Bombarded all the airwaves
Flip-floppin' like a dolphin
Light the White House with rainbows
So they can get the gay vote
I'm saying NO!
I just see right through the foolishness
We vote for whom the ruler is
Then pissed when they's abusing it
The state is crying about police brutality
But wait a minute, thats statism
You made that bed so lay in it
When 8 stitches applied to some black guy
With a busted lip and black eye
Who was beat up by some wack cop
Cuz they didn't wanna comply
And you can say that “black lives matter”
But why you vote for a democrat
Who want bigger government than that?!
A poor black buffoon
I laugh cause you're calling people coons
Look at what your voting habits do
Democrats and white liberals are owning you
While running your cities into the ground and I'd assume
That you get it now. They've been holding offices since the 60's now
You catapult them into power, you get nothing out it, how
Stupid can you be? Republicans might suck
But they don't hold down office in black cities
“The government has forever opposed black folks.”
Ok — let's go further expand that note
From Jim Crow, slave codes and black codes
The state has always been used to keep us in a lasso
Yet you got these foolish, black “intellectual” dummies
Making money of conning blacks, it's funny
On MSNBC speaking on how you need government
Then turn around and telling you that, “They the ones oppressing you
You better move social justice warrior, activist!”
I'll write them off. They more PC than Microsoft
Bit off it, I'm sick of it. Oh yeah —
Bernie Sanders is an economic illiterate
Sorry but I can't forget this
Old hag it's so sad yet so famous
It's almost like you get a boner off taxation and HAP payments
Democratic socialist nonsense, Let's call them what they are
He's a communist with no common sense
Obsessed with Scandinavian nations
Who ain't got a bigger population
Than the dee em dub, that's a fact statement
“Bernie is the only one that cares
And I don't understand economics
So I blame the problems on the free market and the one percent
Tax cuts and trickle down doesn't work
I know I don't know and I should probably do some research
I have a right to all things, healthcare, welfare
I have no problem being owned by government.”
Well I do!
You can say “corporation” 90 times repeating it
And parrot Robert Reich, Paul Krugman and the Keynesian
But that don't change the fact that you just highlight all your ignorance
Intellectually lazy can't back what you're fibbing in
You're stupid, yet loyal. Existence of the state is immoral
You're bending on your knees for who is wrong. Not surprising
Claim to be humanitarian but ideas are forced by the monopoly of violence, it's fake
For the government to give it must take
The social contract is what you say?
But wait —I gave you no consent to take my wage
So that means that that's not a voluntary exchange
You stole from me! Your money is your money
I don't owe you a dime just cause you exist
Not ish, so get over it! Admit it, your ideas ain't as good as you say
If they need to be enforced by the state, OK?
[Outro: Young Rippa]
And that's the Ancap rap. The government has a monopoly on force of violence, if they don't have that they're not the state. So you can call yourself a humanitarian but if you want the government to force something across the board, how can you be, if that is through coercion and initiation of violence? Or, they're sending their goons to confiscate your private property if you don't comply? It is involuntary —
Thus making it immoral. And no, somebody leaves isn't the way to opt out of this quote unquote
“social contract” that you guys like to throw out there: it is still forced. So cut the gimmick, this whole “humanitarian” thing. You think you're a humanitarian? No. You're a tyrant. And a sucker, haha
This story is one of four parts examining the scientific output of different nations in biology, clean energy, and computer science. Start here.
When it comes to publishing research about the natural world, the United States is the dominant player.
The U.S. published more than 1.14 million scientific articles about biology and medicine between 2005 and 2009, publishing 250,000 papers (29% of the worldwide total) in 2009 alone. That's more than quadruple the number of publications produced by China or the United Kingdom.
The Most Innovative Countries | Information Technology | Clean And Alternative Energy| Biology and Medicine
That data and the charts below were provided by SciVal analytics, a division of the scientific published Elsevier, for Forbes.
Papers published by U.S. researchers were more likely to be cited in the scientific literature than those in any country except the Netherlands or Switzerland. This means they are important enough that other researchers feel the need to reference them in their own scientific papers. Since the number of other works any paper can cite is limited, this is a good measure of the quality of U.S. research. The below chart shows how much a paper's country of origin increases or decreases the odds of it being cited — with 1 being no effect. Not surprisingly, other countries are growing their output more quickly, with Brazil, China, and India all increasing their output by more than 11% annually over this time period.
Size is obviously part of the reason the U.S. has published so many bioscience papers. Pharmaceutical companies have been flocking to the San Francisco Bay area and Cambridge, Mass., because that's where Stanford and MIT and Harvard already are. So Novartis, based in Basel, headquarters its research in Cambridge, and Roche, also in Basel, has much of its research on the West Coast. Sanofi-Aventis bought Genzyme partly to participate in the Cambridge research scene. Pfizer chief Ian Read said they are closing Pfizer labs in the U.K. and de-emphasizing the company's research facility in Groton in order to put more emphasis on research in places like Cambridge, where the researchers are.
Novartis does have a big research lab in China, but this is partly because the company wants to participate in the science going on there. China is becoming a hub for biology. BGI (formerly the Beijing Genomics Institute) is now the biggest DNA sequencing operation in the world, and is executing projects like an effort to sequence 1,000 different species on its own initiative.
But no scientist, and no country of scientists, operates in a vacuum. At the end of the day, research is a world-wide enterprise that transcends borders and culture. Collaboration is key. The chart below shows what proportion of papers on biology and medicine published by a country included authors from more than one nation. America is among the most collaborative – raising the possibility that collaboration may actually lead to higher quality. Want to stay ahead of China? Opening doors to working together might not be a bad idea. Click here to return to the overview.
The Most Innovative Countries | Information Technology | Clean And Alternative Energy| Biology and Medicine
A lot of weird things happen in Florida. On Fridays, we're here to bring you the oddest. This week: the insane number of escaped exotic pets in Florida, an alligator flung through a Wendy's drive-thru window, and a criminal 8-year-old.
Florida Has an Exotic Animal Escape Problem
It seems like every other week there's a weird story of an exotic animal kept as a pet or in captivity escaping its enclosure in Florida — whether it's a cute-looking kinkajou or a venomous cobra. Turns out, every other week is about the rate it happens.
Orlando's News 6 discovered that over the past decade, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission (FWC) has received 260 calls about exotic animals escaping. That's 26 every year, or two a month. Keep in mind, these are just the cases that people bother to report to FWC.
A former NFL player is now in a Los Angeles jail, accused of murdering their mother. Family members say De'von Hall has been mentally ill for years, and they point to the damage they sustained during their football career.
A native of Los Angeles who played college ball at Utah State, the 29-year-old Hall had a short NFL career as a defensive back. They signed with the Vikings as an undrafted free agent in 2009, then played four games for the Colts before being claimed off waivers by the Bucs in December 2009.
They spent much of the 2010 offseason with the Bucs before being waived that August, and also had a brief stint with the Panthers in 2011, as well as with a pair of CFL teams.
However, Hall's professional football career was marked by increasingly erratic behavior, and they descended into homelessness in the following years. Their mother, Alecia Benson, eventually took them back into their home, but a witness told police that they "stomped them out" there in April.
In a lengthy feature published Thursday by the Los Angeles Times, a Utah State coach said of Hall's mother, "She was their rock." The story claims that some family members "don't think Hall understands their mother is dead."
Regarding Hall's transformation from a well-meaning youngster to what they became as an adult, "It was like a switch that had gone off," a cousin of Hall's, Angela Benson-Williams, told CBS Los Angeles in May. "I didn't recognize my cousin anymore."
"He turned into something that became vicious," Hall's uncle, Tony Benson, told the station, "and that was the sport they were in. The more vicious, the more accolades you get."
"Football is a very rough sport, and it can have deleterious consequences that impact health, mental well-being and can acutely impact other people's lives, as well," another cousin, Brenden Benson, told the station. According to CBS L.A., the family said that Hall had suffered numerous concussions while playing college and pro football.
Former Utah State coaches and teammates told the Times that they didn't recall Hall getting concussed, but one teammate noted that, with head injuries, "a lot of things go under the table." Another possibility considered by some former teammates was that Hall had become addicted to drugs after smoking weed laced with a stronger substance at a party they attended in Miami while with the Bucs.
According to the Times, Hall had told some ex-teammates that they were in a car accident in Tampa that resulted in them hitting their head and subsequently being put in a straitjacket, "then injected with an unknown substance to calm down." In 2010, Hall was on their way home from Florida when they were arrested in New Mexico for aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, after a woman told police that they had tried to run them off a road.
To Tony Benson, Hall's troubles began in the NFL, and the league had a responsibility to investigate and treat their symptoms of illness. "The NFL, in my opinion, should've done a better job in making sure they took care of this kid," they told the Times.
While Hall is being held on $1 million bail as their court proceedings continue, another Utah State teammate, Dionte Holloway, said of the young man they knew, "De'von mentally is gone." They added, "That's not the De'von I know, that's not the De'von I went to school with, that's not my friend, that's somebody who was out of their mind."
California Moves One Step Closer To Ending Medical Marijuana ‘Chaos'
by Carly Schwartz, Huffington Post
A bill that would provide order to California's muddled medical marijuana program cleared a major hurdle Friday, when the state Assembly's Appropriations Committee moved it forward for a full Assembly vote next week.
Authored by Assemblyman Tom Ammiano (D-San Francisco), the measure, AB 1894, would create uniform rules to govern the state's multibillion-dollar medical marijuana industry. Although California became the first state to legalize cannabis for medicinal use in 1996, the state has yet to establish a set of standards guiding the cultivation, production and sale of the plant, which has led to what Ammiano described to The Huffington Post as “chaos.”
“I am optimistic that we can continue to work with all parties to finally create regulation that will satisfy all needs,” Ammiano said in a statement Friday, “from federal law enforcement down to the very sick patients who depend on the health benefits only marijuana can provide.”
California currently leaves it up to local governments to decide how they want to implement the state's medical marijuana law. As a result, some cities, like San Francisco and Oakland, have established clear-cut systems that dictate where dispensaries can operate and impose fees that directly enrich their coffers. Other places, like San Diego and Los Angeles, remain largely unregulated, with very little control over where pot-related businesses can operate.
LA, for example, has been called the “poster child of chaos” for the medical marijuana industry, after clusters of dispensaries began popping up in close proximity and doctors handed out medical marijuana prescriptions to anyone who complained of a headache. In 2012, the city council voted to ban pot shops outright, and the case has been winding its way through the court system ever since. Meanwhile, lawmakers in San Jose are in the process of considering a similar ban.
“Marijuana has never been regulated by the state as any other business,” Ammiano told HuffPost last year after introducing similar legislation. “Cities and counties don't know what to do or what they can do. Police are unsure how to respond.”
AB 1894 would create a division within California's Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control to regulate all medical marijuana-related entities throughout the state, from the farmers that cultivate the plant to the storefronts that sell it. The proposal would allow the agency to impose fees on marijuana businesses in order to raise revenue for the state, and local municipalities would also be allowed to impose additional taxes.
“Without regulation, there's no way to capture any of the income that could go toward our infrastructure or other worthy causes,” Ammiano told HuffPost last month.
California's lack of statewide regulations over its pot program has left it vulnerable to federal interference, as the drug is still classified as a Schedule 1 substance (along with heroin and LSD) in the eyes of the national government. In 2011, a coalition of U.S. attorneys launched an aggressive crackdown on medical marijuana operations throughout the state under the guise that the industry had spiraled out of control. Since then, hundreds of businesses related to the drug have closed, and thousands of people have lost their jobs. Last month, the Drug Enforcement Administration raided several dispensaries in Los Angeles, and a pot shop in Mendocino, closed by federal authorities earlier this year, only recently reopened.
By contrast, the Obama administration has been less combative in states with more comprehensive regulations. Colorado, for example, has faced fewer DEA raids and has been allowed to implement its groundbreaking recreational, adult-use law largely in peace. Late last year, Attorney General Eric Holder indicated that the federal government would not intervene in states that had “strong and effective regulatory and enforcement systems.”
“While statewide regulations won't change federal law, it does seem to be the case that states that have uniform, clear regulations are less likely to be interfered with by the feds,” Tom Angell, the head of weed advocacy group Marijuana Majority, told HuffPost last mont. “It's very confusing in California right now: a patchwork of regulations city to city and county to county.”
Ammiano has made many attempts to create statewide medical marijuana regulations over the past few years, but each piece of legislation stalled or was defeated by opponents who argued the measures didn't address key issues like the environmental implications of growing cannabis or the criteria for doctors to make recommendations to patients. He's confident their current bill addresses every concern and more.
“I'm cautiously optimistic,” they told HuffPost last month. “People have seen that the more regulation you have, the less chaos you have.”
Meanwhile, marijuana reform advocates believe a measure like Ammiano's is the key to paving the way for a law that would allow recreational use by adults in the state. Recent polls have suggested a majority of Californians support legalizing pot for recreational purposes, and Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom (D) has joined an effort to place a legalization initiative on the 2016 ballot.
But first, “we need to show that California has the ability to regulate marijuana,” Angell said. “This would help further demonstrate how tax revenue can be generated and put into needed programs.”
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee has denounced the deal reached by the United States and other world powers on Iran's nuclear program by saying President Barack Obama is marching Israelis “to the door of the oven,” a reference to the Holocaust.
U.S. Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee speaks to the 42nd annual meeting of the American Legislative Exchange Council in San Diego, California July 23, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Blake
The head of the Democratic National Committee on Sunday demanded an apology by Huckabee, the former Arkansas governor whose comments came in an interview with a conservative website on Saturday.
“This president's foreign policy is the most feckless in American history,” Huckabee told “Breitbart News Saturday.” “It is so naive that they would trust the Iranians. By doing so, they will take the Israelis and march them to the door of the oven.”
Huckabee's reference was to the Nazi death camps where millions of Jews and others were killed during World War Two.
“This is the most idiotic thing, this Iran deal. It should be rejected by both Democrats and Republicans in Congress and by the American people. I read the whole deal. We gave away the whole store. It's got to be stopped,” Huckabee added.
U.S. Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, chairperson of the Democratic National Committee, said Huckabee's rhetoric “has no place in American politics.”
“Cavalier analogies to the Holocaust are unacceptable. Mike Huckabee must apologize to the Jewish community and to the American people for this grossly irresponsible statement,” Wasserman Schultz said in a statement.
Many U.S. Republicans have come out strongly against the July 14 accord aimed at curbing Iran's nuclear program in return for easing economic sanctions.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who has cultivated a close relationship with U.S. Republicans, has called the deal a threat to the survival of Israel. Netanyahu has urged U.S. lawmakers to reject a deal they said would only feed an “Iranian terror machine” and would give Tehran “a sure path to nuclear weapons.”
Huckabee is seeking their party's nomination for president in the November 2016 U.S. election. A CNN/ORC poll released on Sunday showed them in 7th place with the support of 5 percent of Republican and Republican-leaning registered voters.
There are 16 declared Republican candidates so far.
Donald Trump's spokesperson says the self-proclaimed billionaire will consider restarting a project to push an oil pipeline under a Native American tribe's water supply.
"That's something we support construction of," Jason Miller, Trump's communications director, told reporters on Monday.
Trump planned to meet with North Dakota Representative Kevin Cramer, a fellow Republican who criticized Sunday's decision by the US Army Corps of Engineers to deny the final permit for the pipeline. Cramer said the "unfortunate decision sends a very chilling signal to others who want to build infrastructure in this country."
Last week, Trump's transition team met with North Dakota Senator John Hoeven, who also supports the project. "Mr. Trump expressed their support for the Dakota Access Pipeline, which has met or exceeded all environmental standards set forth by four states and the Army Corps of Engineers," Hoeven had said last week in a statement.
Trump's 'top priority'?
The Army Corps of Engineers decided against the pipeline under the Missouri River, the Standing Rock Sioux's water supply, after the tribe expressed concern about pollution and the pipeline's intruding into sacred areas. Since April, members of multiple tribes have protested the pipeline despite stepped-up police violence and the onset of a freezing winter. Though protesters celebrated their victory over Big Oil on Sunday, on Monday they faced a tough road ahead.
"There are still some remaining questions," Dallas Goldtooth, a protest leader, told the news agency AFP. "The biggest one of all is to see what a Trump administration will do."
Energy Transfer Partners, which runs the pipeline, has called the decision not to grant the permit "purely political." Trump owns thousands of dollars in stock in ETP, and the company's CEO, Kelcy Warren, donated $103,000 (95,600 euros) to efforts to get them elected president. ETP could still prevail over the Army Corps of Engineers in federal court to complete the 1,172-mile (1,886-kilometer) pipeline.
Other honchos have urged Trump to chose industry over indigenous people. The American Petroleum Institute asked them to make approval of the pipeline, which is worth $3.8 billion, a "top priority" when they take office. President and CEO Jack Gerard said the Obama administration "is putting politics over sound public policy." They said Trump should "stand up for American consumers and American workers."
The MAIN Coalition, which supports construction businesses, called the decision to deny the permit "arrogance that working class Americans soundly rejected on November 8."
mkg/bw (Reuters, AFP, AP)
NASA's Aqua satellite recently snapped a cloud-free shot of Ireland. The cloud-free view is extremely rare as the country is almost entirely cloud covered 50% of the time according to the Irish Meteorological Service, Met Éireann. There are more clouds during the day than at night, and fog is common.
More on space: Gigantic changes keep space technology hot
According to NASA, Ireland owes its greenness to moderate temperatures and moist air. The Atlantic Ocean, particularly the warm currents in the North Atlantic Drift, gives the country a more temperate climate than most others at the same latitude.
Moist ocean air also contributes to abundant rainfall. Ireland receives between 750 and 2000 millimeters (29 and 78 inches) of rain per year, with more rain falling in the west and in the mountains. Most of the rain falls in light showers, NASA stated.
Follow Michael Cooney on Twitter: nwwlayer8
Layer 8 Extra
Check out these other hot stories:
FTC wins the largest civil penalty on nasty debt collector: $2.8M
Time travel theory may find home in Large Hadron Collider
DHS chief Napolitano: Algorithms a big key in security, Big Data puzzle
FTC to take a closer look at debt collectors' use of high-tech tools
20 hot IT security issues
NASA eyes prototype system to control drones in national airspace
Lights, camera, Big Blue: IBM going Hollywood for 100th birthday
Blistering micro drum bangs 11 million times per second
Researchers develop more powerful biofuel alternative to ubiquitous Ethanol
US needs to get better at preventing foreign access to advanced technology
Scientists set NASA space priorities; can it carry them out?
HALIFAX — Air Canada says it was safe for pilots to land a plane in Halifax that crashed early Sunday morning during a snowstorm.
Chief operating officer Klaus Goersch says the pilots flying AC624 circled above the Halifax airport for a period of time but the weather was safe for them to land.
“It was safe to fly in this weather. The aircraft did circle for a period of time but when the approach was initiated, the weather was at the approach limits,” Goersch told a news conference.
“The weather was appropriate for landing.”
The plane, which left Toronto just before 9 p.m. Saturday, landed hard and skidded off a runway Sunday at 12:43 a.m. AT, Air Canada said.
There were 133 passengers and five crew members aboard at the time. Goersch said 25 people were taken to hospital and all but one of them have been released.
“All of us at Air Canada are greatly relieved that there have been no critical injuries as a result of this incident,” they said.
“It obviously has been very unsettling for our customers and their families and we have been working very hard with them to take care of them and see after their needs.”
The Halifax area was under a snowfall warning at the time of the incident, with as much as 20 centimetres of snow forecast for the area. There was no indication from officials on whether the weather played a factor in the landing.
Passengers on board the plane said they believe the aircraft hit a power line as it came in to land and described the plane skidding on its belly for some time before it came to a stop.
The power went off at the airport, which meant an emergency response centre had to be moved to a nearby hotel, airport spokesperson Peter Spurway said. Nova Scotia Power said in a tweet that power was restored to the airport, but it didn't indicate why the electricity went out.
Randy Hall and their wife Lianne Clark were on their way home from a Mexican vacation when they said the plane ran in to trouble as it landed.
“We just thought that we were landing hard. And when the … airbags started to deploy and you saw things falling on the floor, we said, 'Oh no. We've got to get out,' ” said Clark, a computer consultant
“We just opened the doors when we landed and everyone started to pile out.”
Hall said they believe the jet hit a power line before it landed hard on the runway. There were sparks but no fire, they said.
“We were just coming in to land and there was a big flash,” said Hall. “The plane came down, bang! It jumped up in the air again.”
The aircraft skidded for a long time before coming to a stop, said Hall, who is retired and lives in Mount Uniake, N.S.
“We were sliding along on our belly,” they said.
Hall said the aircraft hit so hard, the landing gear and at least one of the engines was ripped from the plane.
“I was looking out and I saw the landing gear go and I saw an engine go,” said Hall.
Air Canada declined to give a description of the damage to the aircraft in an email.
“We have no information to provide on the condition of the aircraft at this point,” wrote a spokesperson.
Spurway also wouldn't comment on the condition of the plane.
Damage to the nose of the aircraft, as well as to its starboard wing and tail, could be seen in photographs taken at the scene by The Canadian Press. Because of obstacles blocking views of the plane, it couldn't be determined whether the engines were still attached.
Cpl. Greg Church of the RCMP said a power line south of the runway outside airport property was damaged, but Nova Scotia Power couldn't be reached to comment on what caused the damage.
Hall said passengers left the plane immediately but they were left standing on the tarmac, some in their stocking feet, for more than an hour as they were lashed by wind-whipped snow before buses arrived.
The couple, who were wrapped in blankets as they spoke, said they saw some people with bloody faces, but it didn't appear that anyone was seriously injured.
Spurway said emergency responders were at the scene within 90 seconds and their first priority was dealing with any possibility of fire.
Fire trucks had limited space and the power outage complicated getting buses to the scene, said Spurway.
“Once it was determined that threat was out of the way, they put some of the passengers in fire trucks to get them out of the weather on a triage basis,” they said.
“There was a large tarp used to protect some of the passengers but they were out there for a while, that's for sure, until the buses arrived.”
Spurway said there will be a review of the airport's response.
A spokesperson for the Transportation Safety Board of Canada said two investigators were scheduled to arrive at the airport early Sunday to assess whether an investigation will be done by the agency.
Spurway said the plane was flying in a southerly direction when it landed on the airport's main runway, adding that it is up to pilots to decide whether it is safe to land in bad weather based on information relayed from ground crews to the tower.
Dominic Stettler, 31, of Wolfville, N.S., said people on board the plane responded with level heads.
“I think we hit a power cable, there were a lot of sparks,” they said. “We hit the ground, we came up and then we slid on the runway for quite a long time. We just kicked the doors out and jumped onto the wing and then ran because we just wanted to get away from the airplane in case of explosions or anything.”
Stettler said people were helping each other after they got off the plane.
“A woman offered me their jacket because I was shivering and pulled me into a tight warm hug and we just sat there for a while. It was kind of special actually,” they said.
The flight crew told the passengers that condition at the airport weren't good and they would circle for an hour to see if things improved, they said. If they didn't, Stettler said the flight was going to head to Moncton, N.B.
“And then there was a window of visibility and we went for it,” said Stettler, 31, the father of two boys and a girl.
The landing didn't feel right when the plane touched down, they said.
“I actually didn't know we (were) on the runway. I thought we might be on a field and that at any point we could run into a tree or some obstacle. While we were sliding, I just thought about my boys and my family,” they said.
Once they were off the plane, they ran to get safely away from the aircraft.
“I tripped over a big metal object, which must have been one of the components,” Stettler recalled. “It was just completely surreal. Parts of the plane were scattered across. I don't really want to say too much because I don't want to terrify people. But yeah, it was surreal. It was very surreal.”
A lionfish hovers between the killer robot's culling paddles in the waters of Bermuda. (Photo courtesy of the Ocean Support Foundation)
Drifting against the brilliant blue backdrop of tropical, crystalline waters, the lionfish is exotic and beautiful. Its fine fins and thin, venomous spines feather out from its body, plump and painted in vertical stripes of white and rust red.
It's mesmerizing, lumbering there, until it opens its mouth.
Like a vacuum cleaner, the lionfish moves along the ocean floor, slurping up in gluttonous amounts of bait fish crucial to the ecological equilibrium of the already fragile coral reefs. In weeks, the lionfish can decimate the juvenile fish populations on a reef by 90 percent. It breeds rapidly. It has no predators.
And it shouldn't even be there.
Native to Indo-Pacific waters, the lionfish, thanks to evolution, is hardly disruptive at home. But when fish hobbyists in Florida introduced the species to Atlantic waters in the 1980s, other sea creatures there did not know to see the invasive lionfish as a dangerous predator. In the three decades since, the species has overwhelmed the entire east coast of the United States, spreading as far north as Rhode Island and south to the Florida Keys. They've bled into the Gulf of Mexico, throughout the Caribbean Islands and the northern coasts of South America.
They've even wandered out to Bermuda.
[Stinging lionfish are invading the Mediterranean, and scientists fear ‘ecological disaster']
It was there, during a scuba diving trip last year, when Colin Angle and Erika Ebbel Angle were urged by locals to help fix the problem.  They are a biochemist and the executive director of Science for Scientists.  They are the chief executive of iRobot, the company that built the Roomba. They both graduated from M.I.T.
During a break between dives, the ludicrous-sounding idea bubbled up.
In the 21st century, an era of drones and Teslas, they wondered if conservationists were thinking too primitively? Perhaps, the divers thought, what the effort needed was not additional spears, but something more advanced.
They decided on killer robots.
The prototype for the lionfish robot harvester. (Photo Courtesy of RISE)
Within a year, the Angles established a nonprofit called Robots in Service of the Environment (RISE), tapped John Rizzi, another M.I.T. graduate and aeronautical engineer, to lead the organization as executive director and commissioned the production of their stealthy invention.
They have no idea if it will work. But so far, nothing has.
“Nothing is truly impacting the invasive population today,” Rizzi told The Washington Post.
[Aggressive lionfish invade non-native waters. Eat them.]
Whole Foods grocery stores in Florida, the state called the “epicenter” of the problem, started carrying the fish, hoping it would encourage fishermen to kill more. Lionfish spearing tournaments are being held across the state. Fishing season for the species is never closed, reported the Tampa Bay Times, and officials enforce no bag limits. The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission offered a bounty to any diver who speared 10 lionfish during lobster hunting season.
The creature, swimming inside a large aquarium, even made an appearance on Mark Cuban's reality TV show “Shark Tank” when two entrepreneurs with Traditional Fisheries tried to get investors to finance making lionfish meat a commercial product. The challenge, the men explained, is harvesting the fish. They live in deep caves and won't respond to baited hooks. Spearing them is the only way, requiring a great deal of manpower, and that's just the lionfish that live where divers can reach them. Some flourish much deeper, where humans can't swim.
The killer robot, Rizzi hopes, will get around those challenges.
Lion fish, Belize (Mirko Zanni/Getty Images)
The mechanism will use technology iRobot developed for the Roomba, powering the remotely operated vehicle (ROV) to move along the ocean floor. It will be controlled, “almost like a video game,” Rizzi said, by a human on a boat above the surface, who will use an underwater camera attached to the robot to hunt down the lionfish. Attached to the ROV will be a retention bucket for the creatures and a tube to suction them once they've been killed.
The killing, Rizzi said, will be accomplished through electrocution.
Two probes, like metal sheets, box in the fish, then send an electric current through it, as if there were a wire there, Rizzi explained. Because the lionfish is an apex predator, at the top of the food chain, it fears nothing.
“What is really surprising to us, and that god this is true, is that when you approach the fish they don't move,” Rizzi said. “They don't swim away.”
[Divers try spoon feeding lionfish to sharks, a method that could come back to bite them]
The goal is for these robot harvesters to fall in the hands of fishermen and ecotourists who will make lionfish hunting a sport. It should, Rizzi said, exceed the limitations currently inhibiting spear fishermen because the robot can navigate deep caves and ocean pockets unreachable by divers.
It might create jobs, Rizzi said, and expand the demand for lionfish commercially.
They hope to have the first fully assembled robot in the water by the end of the year, and the first commercial release by the beginning of next summer. At first, the devices will be expensive, Rizzi said, and require trained operators. But eventually, RISE is planning for widespread distribution.
“It has to be effective,” Rizzi said, “but also safe, easy to use, and cost effective.”
And despite their effort to seek and destroy the lionfish, Rizzi said RISE has received little pushback from animal rights and environmental groups. This effort, they said, is intended to be eco-friendly.
“We're kind of greener than the average fisherman,” they said, “because we're going after the bad guys.”
“It's much bigger than just killing fish.”
A new program aims to stamp out the venomous lionfish, which are wreaking havoc on the Caribbean reef ecosystems. (Reuters)
More from Morning Mix:
They wanted to rob the pizza guy. They didn't expect a 250-lb, ex-NFL linebacker to deliver the pie.
As overdoses surge, two accused of selling deadly heroin laced with elephant tranquilizer
Man who lived as a goat and Swedish fly collector among those honored at Ig Nobel science awards
Image caption An error message like this one greeted users trying to log in to the PlayStation Network
Sony has confirmed that a hacking attack was to blame for its PlayStation Network being taken offline.
The company said that it had taken the PSN down voluntarily while it investigated an "external intrusion".
The system is still unavailable five days after the hack was discovered.
Users trying to connect have been met with error messages stating that the network is "undergoing maintenance" or is "suspended".
The PlayStation Network is used by owners of PS3 and PlayStation Portable machines to download games, films and music, as well as to play online with friends.
According to Sony, it has more than 70m accounts registered worldwide.
In a blog post, the company thanked users for their patience and assured them that it was working "around the clock" to strengthen the network infrastructure.
"Though this task is time-consuming, we decided it was worth the time necessary to provide the system with additional security," wrote Patrick Seybold, the company's senior director of corporate communications and social media.
The statement did not address the issue of personal information, including credit card details, stored by PSN.
Anonymous denial
In recent weeks, Sony has been targeted by hackers' group Anonymous.
In a message posted on the AnonOps blog, it said "for once we didn't do it".
However, it suggested that some members may have acted on their own without the group's knowledge.
Anonymous has been critical of the Japan-based entertainment giant over its treatment of George Hotz, an American hacker who unlocked the PS3's closed operating system.
Sony filed a lawsuit against the 21-year-old, arguing that their hack had allowed pirated games to be played on the machine.
The case was dropped earlier this month after Mr Hotz agreed to an injunction banning them from similar behaviour in future.
In denying responsibility for the attack, Anonymous said: "A more likely explanation is that Sony is taking advantage of Anonymous' previous ill-will towards the company to distract users from the fact that the outage is actually an internal problem with the company's servers."
'Really not good'
As well as gaming, the outage has affected other services running over the PlayStation Network.
UK-based film rental site LoveFilm confirmed to the BBC that its customers are currently unable to stream films on the service. In the US, some users of Netflix - another movie streaming service - have also reported problems.
Image caption The downtime coincides with the release of Portal 2
This outage is the latest in a series of problems for the network which has suffered extended periods of downtime over the past few weeks.
Angry gamers have flooded blogs, forums and Twitter with complaints.
"It wouldn't be as bad if we got an ETA of when it will be back up and running but instead we are greeted with one update on the situation a day all saying it will be back up soon," wrote one user, geddesmond2.
Others, however, were more accommodating. "Keep up the good work Sony... take your time," wrote deltaman-3.
'Poor timing'
Oli Welsh, from Eurogamer.net, said that the outage was a big problem for Sony - especially at Easter.
"As much as the weather's lovely, a lot of gamers will be looking forward to tucking in to their favourite hobby this week.
"It's also a pretty big week for new releases, the biggest we've had in a couple of months. There's one really key game coming out called Portal 2 which has a great online mode that a lot of people now won't be able to access straight away.
"For gamers it's a shame, and for Sony it's a problem."
They added that customers may expect some kind of reimbursement for the downtime.
It seems as though free speech is constantly being challenged on college campuses these days, and this year is shaping up to be no different than the last. Students are pushing faculty for mandatory trigger warnings on one campus, and administrators are imposing speech restrictions on students at another.
At James Madison University's first-year student orientation this year student leaders received a seven-page speech guide, including a list of 35 phrases to avoid. The guide was adapted from Dr. Maura Cullen's book, “35 Dumb Things Well-Intended People Say: Surprising Things We Say that Widen the Diversity Gap,” and includes phrases such as, “you have such a pretty face,” “we're all part of the human race,” “I treat all people the same,” and “it was only a joke.”
JMU's communications director told The College Fix “this was just an exercise, prior to orientation, to get our volunteers to understand how language affects others,” and argued that students were not explicitly told they could not use the phrases.
However, recent JMU graduate Wes Fisher told Red Alert Politics that the administration has “started to bow down to political correctness” in the past few years.
At one point, the school was named one of the seven best colleges for free speech by the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education. In 2014, FIRE downgraded its “Speech Code Rating” from a green light to a yellow light after several new policies were introduced, including a 48-hour pre-registration requirement for student demonstrations and a requirement that student groups obtain administrative approval before surveying or petitioning students.
“JMU's motto is ‘Knowledge is Liberty,' and it is a shame to see that the administration often tries to discourage certain viewpoints, or in this situation, discourage certain phrases because of a paralyzing fear that someone, somewhere may be offended,” Fisher said. “I think students on campus now are concerned that JMU is becoming an environment that is less welcoming to free speech — something that many students would point out is very much at odds with our namesake James Madison, who literally wrote the First Amendment.”
Meanwhile, at American University in Washington, D.C., the situation is reversed. Students are fighting against their faculty, demanding mandatory trigger warnings on all syllabi and in all academic spaces.
“There's a difference between our students and our faculty about the necessity of trigger warnings on syllabi and the importance of centering student trauma in academic spaces,” Devontae Torriente, president of American's student government, said in a recent YouTube video introducing the new proposal. “The fact of the matter is, trigger warnings are necessary in order to make our academic spaces accessible to all students, especially those who have experienced trauma.”
AU sophomore Josh Singer told Red Alert Politics that the majority of the student body is in favor of mandatory trigger warnings and believe that they make classes more accessible, but personally, they don't think they will solve anything.
“If a student is worried they might encounter traumatizing content, they can ask the professor beforehand about the content discussed, bypassing the warnings entirely,” Singer said. “These warnings also discourage professors from teaching certain subjects that they know will require trigger warnings due to student backlash or lack of participation.”
Students may struggle to get faculty and administrators on board in this case. Last year, the AU Faculty Senate came out with their own resolution against trigger warnings.
“American University is committed to protecting and championing the right to freely communicate ideas — without censorship — and to study material as it is written, produced or stated, even material that some members of our community may find disturbing or that provokes uncomfortable feelings,” the faculty resolution said. “This freedom is an integral part of the learning experience and an obligation from which we cannot shrink.”
Latest Videos
The impact of Homo sapiens on the environment over the past few hundred years has been so profound that some scientists term this chapter of Earth's history the Anthropocene. But humans may have begun wreaking ecological havoc far, far earlier than that. A new theory suggests that a shift in the technology and diet of our ancestors around two million years ago led to the downfall of a number of large carnivore species in East Africa, which would have triggered cascades of ecosystem disruption.
East Africa today has six carnivores that weigh upwards of 21.5 kilograms and are thus considered large-bodied: the lion, leopard, cheetah, spotted hyena, striped hyena and wild dog. (The term carnivore is used here to specifically refer to members of the Carnivora order of mammals, whose extant members include animals ranging from the vegetarian panda bear to the almost exclusively meat-eating lion.) All six are hypercarnivorous, consuming a diet that is more than 70 percent meat. But once upon a time as many as 18 large carnivore species that occupied a broader range of dietary niches shared the East African landscape, including omnivorous bears and civets, saber-toothed cats that specialized in big prey, and bear-size otters that were more terrestrial than modern otters. Looking at the fossil record of 78 East African carnivore species over the past 3.5 million years, Lars Werdelin of the Swedish Museum of Natural History in Stockholm found that the diversity of the large-bodied species began dropping precipitously around two million years ago. On April 19, at a symposium on human evolution and climate change hosted by Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory, they outlined their explanation for this decline.
If climate change (or climate-related environmental change) was the culprit, Werdelin reasoned, then the smaller carnivores should have taken a hit too, since they are generally more sensitive to such shifts than their larger counterparts are. But examination of the fossil record of the smaller carnivores showed no such decline. Likewise, the pattern of loss in the fossil record bore no resemblance to the pattern of climate change-related losses that modern carnivores have been experiencing. Based on those two lines of evidence, they argue that the apparent downturn in large carnivores starting some two million years ago is “a dramatic difference that has nothing to do with climate.”
If the large carnivore decline was not the direct result of climate change or climate-related environmental change, then early hominins (members of the group that includes humans and their extinct relatives) are probably to blame, Werdelin posits. They admit that he's blaming hominins by default, but the timing is striking: it coincides with a transition among early members of our own genus, Homo, to a greater reliance on stone tools and an omnivorous diet that included significantly more meat than their predecessors consumed. It's unlikely that these hominins killed the large carnivores outright though. Rather, Werdelin says, they drove the carnivores away from kills during scavenging.
Details of the large carnivore decline evident in the fossil record support Werdelin's theory: the species that went extinct were specifically those species that were in direct competition with the hominins or that were threats to them—namely, omnivores with diets similar to that of the hominins and hypercarnivores with a narrow range of prey. Hominins would have been formidable competitors against large carnivores not only because they were armed with stone tools, but because as dietary generalists they had access to a wider variety of lower-energy foods to fall back on during lean times than many large carnivores did.
That the loss of top predators can transform an ecosystem is well known. In the simplest arrangement, the disappearance of the predator allows populations of their prey species to expand, which alters the plants those prey species eat. Biologists call the domino-like chain of events a trophic cascade. The reintroduction of wolves into Yellowstone National Park in the mid-1990s nearly a century after they were exterminated provides a striking example of the far-reaching effects of top predators: not only did the resident elk population shrink back down to a more manageable size, but the aspen and cottonwood trees began to recover, as did the willows, which brought back the beavers whose dams create ponds. How East African ecosystems were affected by the loss of large carnivores two million years ago remains to be determined, however.
Werdelin's presentation impressed other scientists at the symposium. The carnivore extinction pattern Werdelin describes “is very strong, and does not seem to be driven by sample size, but by real diversity changes,” comments René Bobe of George Washington University, an expert on the ecology of East African mammals from this time period. They contend that the cause or causes of the decline is less certain, though, noting “there is only a very broad correlation with the emergence of the genus Homo.” Pinning the blame to a particular event in the evolution of Homo is tricky because the timing doesn't quite work. “If Homo and the earliest stone tools date to about 2.5 - 2.6 [million years ago], then the decline in carnivores comes about half a million years later,” Bobe explains. “If Homo erectus/ergaster [a species that originated around 1.9 million years ago] is responsible, then the carnivore decline begins too early.” Homo could well have played a role, they observe, but “the causes need to be well documented.”
Clarification may come with more fossil data. For this study Werdelin used 500,000-year time slices. “As we get better resolution we can hopefully capture more detail,” they say. In the meantime, their theory makes several testable predictions about the relative abundance and scarcity of specific size classes of prey mammals that paleontologists should expect to see in the fossil record if they are right about the decline in large carnivores.
Yet even if humans were responsible for the demise of those animals, we can still blame climate change. Shifting conditions between three million and two million years ago fueled the spread of grasslands in Africa, forcing our earliest ancestors out of the trees and onto the open savanna, which is how they ended up facing off against the large carnivores in the first place.
Washington (CNN) Frustrated Senate Democrats conceded Thursday that even in the aftermath of several mass shootings , they don't have enough votes right now to push through gun control legislation. So they will try to build grassroots support by urging Americans to insist the Republican-controlled Congress act.
"There must be a groundswell of urgency from Americans pushing their elected officials," implored Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon, where nine people were shot to death last week at a community college.
At a news conference on the Capitol steps, Democratic senators from states where mass shootings killed dozens of people outlined three "principles of action" they want adopted to curb gun violence. Those ideas center on improving background checks and curbing illegal gun sales to keep weapons from the many unstable people behind these shootings.
"The roll call of American gun tragedies is already far, far too long," said Wyden before reading off a list of afflicted communities, including Roseburg, Oregon, site of last week's shooting. "The victims and their families deserve better than a Congress that shrugs its shoulders and waits for the next tragedy."
The Senate push comes after President Barack Obama, exasperated by the shootings during their years in the White House, urged a congressional response
It also comes in the wake of controversial comments by Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson who suggested in a recent interview that the victims in the Oregon shooting should have taken bolder action to stop their attacker.
Democrats want to close what they say is a loophole in the law that doesn't require background checks for guns sold over the Internet or at gun shows. They also want to prevent a gun buyer from obtaining the weapon until after a background check is completed. They would do that by eliminating a provision that allows a gun purchase to go forward if the background check is not completed after three days, something they said happened with the gunman in the Charleston church shooting this year that left nine parishioners dead.
In addition, Democrats want to expand the definition of a domestic abuser who would be barred from buying guns and make "straw" purchases and gun trafficking federal crimes.
"We're here to start a national movement," said Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Virginia, who was governor of their state when the 2007 Virginia Tech massacre left 32 dead. "The only way we can keep the weapons out of the hands of those who are convicted felons, or terrorists, or those who are abusers or stalkers, or those who have been adjudicated as mentally ill and dangerous, is to have a background record system that works."
Similar background check legislation failed to pass the Senate in 2013 after the killing of 20 children and six adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newton, Connecticut, stirred a national debate.
Republicans are wary of passing new gun laws but they want to do more to care for the mentally ill, who are responsible for many of the attacks. Sen. John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Republican leader, pushed legislation Thursday to give families, courts and law enforcement better tools to deal with mentally ill people.
"Some of our Democratic colleagues have said that they're going to introduce some gun control legislation that we all know has been tried before and cannot pass this chamber," Cornyn said. "What we need is a broad consensus to try to get something done that can bring people together, and I believe my legislation can do that by addressing the root cause of some of these horrific events."
Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York, who is expected to be the next Democratic leader, managed the news conference. They told reporters they hoped to act in the next several months on the legislation once a groundswell of support is apparent.
"Once that groundswell is heard, we will draft legislation in line with these principles and then at the right time we will make sure there is a vote on the floor using all the procedural means that we can," they said.
We're halfway through the year, and it's time to take a snapshot of the best movies that 2014 has to offer so far. As these films sit with us and more of our critics see them all, the order may change by the time December rolls around. But for now, these are the movies that have had the biggest impact on us in 2014. As usual, there are documentaries and quiet indie fare mixed with action blockbusters and even a couple of “kids” movies. It's looking to be a great year for cinema, no matter your tastes. Here are the best movies of 2014:
25. Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Perhaps more than any other superhero in the Marvel Universe, Captain America is meant to be appealing. He's meant to be the inspiring, human ideal to which, in turn, each of us aspires. It's one of the things that sets the feel of their comics apart from those of Thor, the Hulk, Spider-Man, etc., and the creative team behind part 2.3 of Marvel's grand cinematic plan nails it. Yes, Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a great action movie—an immensely enjoyable spy-thriller-flavored film with Bond-worthy flair (and orchestral flourishes). But first and foremost, it's also a great Captain America film. As long as Disney/Marvel's approach to their films keeps such priorities in mind, the box office action that comes along with it will continue to be out of this world.—Michael Burgin (read the full review)
24. Supermensch: The Legend of Shep Gordon
A documentary about its titular talent manager, Supermensch: The Legend of Shep Gordon, directed by writer-actor Mike Myers, has the potential to be a slice of yawning, self-congratulatory star-fuckery of the highest order. After all, in addition to its famous director, it has plenty of recognizable celebrities who all line up to sing the praises of its subject. And yet, thanks to whip-smart pacing, this warm-hearted and unfussy nonfiction valentine emerges as an engaging portrait of a life less ordinary—a man who embraced and promulgated selflessness, even while, in their early days, indulging in druggy partying and frequently sporting a T-shirt that read, “No head, no backstage pass.”—Brent Simon (read the full review)
23. Mistaken for Strangers
Mistaken for Strangers has plot twists and gentle observations about sibling rivalry—none that are particularly momentous but are nonetheless well-observed and poignant because of the individuals involved in this growing drama. A lot of rock documentaries are in service of selling a fan base something, but not this one. If anything, Mistaken for Strangers offers a new perspective not just on The National but in the way we think about the individuals within a rock band and its inner circle. This quintet's studied cool might drop a few notches in outsiders' eyes because of this sometimes painfully honest and heartfelt documentary. But speaking for myself, it was always The National's sincerity that was more attractive than their cool.—Tim Grierson (read the full review)
22. Only Lovers Left Alive
Almost all of this vampire drama is set in the dead of night, and Jarmusch and cinematographer Yorick Le Saux vary the tone of their nocturnal scenes. Sometimes, the nights feel menacing. Other times, they recall the sleepless evenings left staring at the ceiling, wondering what happened to your life. And then on other occasions, the movie has a seductive, romantic spirit. The stakes may not be particularly high in Only Lovers Left Alive, but that's part of Jarmusch's point. When immortality is a given and your only concern is finding fresh blood, your life in some ways loses its urgency. And so like the movie they're in, Adam and Eve drift and drift, finding their amusements where they can.—Tim Grierson (read the full review)
21. Locke
Whether or not you buy into Locke—an 85-minute movie in which Tom Hardy spends 99% of the time driving and talking on the phone—as a thrilling and daring cinematic experience will depend greatly on how much you're able to invest in the character of Locke himself. Because while Locke strikes some interesting notes as an exercise in minimalist filmmaking, it fails to deliver the full-fledged symphony that would make it a true triumph. Despite the choice to employ a rather inexplicable Welsh accent, Hardy's performance is never less than genuine, which ensures even the most hackneyed moments are at least somewhat affecting. And the film's hypnotic visual style, a sleek evocation of the experience of cruising down a highway at night, successfully conjures a seductive power similar to the night driving sequences in Nicolas Winding Refn's Drive. Yet, all of it essentially boils down to a white guy dealing with a midlife crisis, and that's a rather banal engine for such an eye-catching vehicle.—Geoff Berkshire (read the full review)
20. Cold in July
Where at first Richard proves to be an engaging protagonist—an ordinary man trapped in an increasingly harrowing situation—he slowly begins to recede into the background as the coldly violent Ben and shit-kicking Jim Bob start to assert themselves and pull focus. Mickle cedes the movie to these supporting characters, but because they haven't invested as much time in explaining who they are, it's not as satisfying to see how they resolve their issues. (In particular, Ben's uncovering of their son's whereabouts doesn't have the pathos it deserves.) Presumably, Mickle's intention is to thrust us and Richard into a dark, unpredictable world where we're out of our depth, and to some extent that's effectively done. (Richard's final scene, though seemingly mundane, underlines the strangeness of the odyssey he's undertaken.) But Cold in July ultimately settles for an engaging but familiar finale in which tightly orchestrated gunplay resolves a story that promised to travel into more nuanced, resonant terrain.—Tim Grierson (read the full review)
19. Edge of Tomorrow
Director Doug Liman seems intent to make up for the setbacks of their last two features (back-to-back flops Jumper and Fair Game) and reclaim their place as the big-time Hollywood director hot off of The Bourne Identity and Mr. and Mrs. Smith. They handle the action fairly well on balance. Even if the war sequences lean a bit too heavily on Saving Private Ryan-style chaos and the Mimics never blossom beyond generic extraterrestrial monsters, Liman's approach proves more than efficient for a pulse-pounding thrill ride. Maybe it's exactly because both Liman and Cruise have something to prove at this point in their careers that Edge of Tomorrow makes enough of an impact to overcome its flaws.—Geoff Berkshire (read the full review)
18. Lucky Them
In Lucky Them, Toni Collette plays Ellie Klug, the unlucky in life music critic looking at a lay off and nothing more than meaningless hookups to spend their nights. Them editor (Oliver Platt, recently working in more media-related roles than most writers) suggests she's been sitting on the story of a lifetime for years: what happened to the enigmatic musician who broke their heart when they disappeared over a decade ago in Searching for Sugarman style. They reluctantly take the assignment and scores the financial (and comical) help of a distant acquaintance looking for a documentary subject, Charlie (Thomas Haden Church). Lucky Them feels lived-in in its sticky bars and unkempt living rooms stacked with records, comfortable enough to slip into with its incredible leads, and warm enough to help you remember that luck has a way of turning itself around. It's both a familiar story and yet not one we see done well often. Griffiths has worked their way through a decade in the independent film world, and I hope they continue them climb up that ladder to bring more interesting characters and offbeat stories. I'd recommend this movie on Collette's performance alone, but that would shortchange their equally excellent supporting cast.—Monica Castillo
17. Blue Ruin
Although the movie is deadly serious, Blair's comically hangdog face heightens the absurdity of the back-and-forth altercations between Dwight and their pursuers. We never forget that these are regular people meting out this punishment against one another. That's what makes the film so gripping—and also strangely relatable. Unexpectedly for Dwight, Blue Ruin twists from a revenge tale into a story of empathy—one in which even they come to regard the backwoods Clelands in a new light. Amidst the rising body count, Saulnier has crafted a rather sneaky treatise on seeing past preconceived notions to really understand other people. All you have to do is look.—Tim Grierson (read the full review)
16. The LEGO Movie
The two key components that keep this film fresh and delightful all the way through are the LEGO animation and the LEGO characters themselves. There are so many wonderful LEGO performances going on that some actually outshine the main storyline. In particular, the Good Cop/Bad Cop character (Liam Neeson) is hilarious to watch, as is Unikitty (Alison Brie). The LEGO Movie may not elicit the same timeless emotions as, say, the Toy Story franchise, but it is a wonderful trip into a limitless childlike imagination, and it will inspire creativity from children and recall years gone by for adults.—Maryann Koopman Kelly (read the full review)
15. Ida
They think their name is Anna. The young orphan woman (Agata Trzebuchowska) lives in a convent in Poland in the early 1960s, convinced they want to become a nun. But before Anna can complete their vows, the convent's Mother Superior directs them to make contact with their only living relative, their mother's sister, Wanda (Agata Kulesza). Anna does—and in the process discovers how little they understand about their own life. Ida is a touching, low-key story about Anna's personal transformation, one that's flecked with wry humor but also sadness. Trzebuchowska is a nonprofessional actor, and director Pawel Pawlikowski (My Summer of Love, The Woman in the Fifth) focuses the drama on their actor's unvarnished, burgeoning beauty—there's an innocence and stillness in their expression that suggests that Anna at an early age has learned to be quiet and listen.—Tim Grierson (read the full review)
14. Venus in Fur
It's not just that both actors are superb—they also complement one another in this close-quarters drama. Amalric lends the right amount of ineffectual arrogance to Thomas, who will soon be upended by this sexual dynamo. Seigner has to cover a wider gamut in their role—exasperating dolt to sophisticated vixen—and she's a small wonder, their transformation arousing but also very funny. (You laugh at their cleverness while you swallow hard because of their carnal pull.) She's Polanski's wife in real life, of course, and many have noted the physical similarity between the director and Amalric. You can read Venus in Fur as autobiographical, Polanski exposing their own feelings about how a muse can bring out your darker cravings. But you can also simply enjoy the hell out of this fiendish little back-and-forth for its many surface pleasures.—Tim Grierson (read the full review)
13. Muppets Most Wanted
This time around, they're paying specific tribute to Kermit, the beloved amphibian behind the Muppets' longevity; the film shows us what the crew might look like without their guiding influence, and it's a pretty anarchic picture. But unlike The Muppets, Muppets Most Wanted doesn't overtly pay homage to its subjects, and instead quite contently filters its bounty of heist caper tropes through a felt-tinted lens. By doing so, the film ends up being just as much of an ode to the Muppets' brand of unbridled delight without having to wax sentimental; in the end, James Bobin and Nicholas Stoller cleverly get to have their cake and eat it, too. And so do we.—Andy Crump (read the full review)
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
While many of our famous macroeconomists, pundits and bloggers insist we need fiscal stimulus because the Fed and BoE and ECB are out of ammunition, Japan continues to prove them wrong:
Kuroda's first policy meeting since taking office on March 20 was seen as a big test of their ability to steer the BOJ towards unorthodox measures to meet the inflation target it adopted in January, and markets liked what they saw. Government bond futures soared and the benchmark 10-year bond yield hit 0.425 percent, its lowest ever. The yen, which had been creeping up in the run-up to the meeting, plunged, driving the dollar up by more than 2 percent to around 95.25 yen from around 92.90 before the decision. The Nikkei stock index unwound losses of more than 2 percent to end up 2.2 percent, just shy of a 4-1/2 year closing high hit last month. The BOJ will buy 7.5 trillion yen of long-term government bonds per month, roughly 70 percent of bonds sold in markets. It combined two bond-buying schemes, its asset-buying and lending program and the “rinban” market operation, to buy longer-dated government bonds, including those with duration of 40 years.
The stock market actually rose over 4% on the news, as it was down sharply right before the announcement. And of course the decision was widely expected, so the market response merely reflects the extent to which the bond purchase was larger than expected. It makes more sense to look at the stock market reaction since Abe first stunned the markets with a 2% inflation target proposal, while running for office in mid-November 2012. The Japanese stock market is up 45% since that announcement. The yen is down roughly 20%.
Some people will discuss whether the policy will “work.” It's already worked. The yen plunged on the news. That's not supposed to happen when you are stuck in a liquidity trap. More proof that fiat money central banks are never “trapped” by anything other than their timidity. If the actual inflation rate doesn't rise to 2%, then do it again, and again, and again, and again. Suppose the yen went to 200, would there be no inflation? How about 400?
Off topic, there is some evidence that sequestration is hitting the labor market. New unemployment claims are rising. Is that inconsistent with “monetary offset?” Of course not. Monetary offset can't perform miracles. If the Fed did enough stimulus late last year to offset expected fiscal austerity in 2013, the high frequency data would still show variation from month to month, depending on exactly when the Federal layoffs actually occurred. Thus if the Fed was determined to keep RGDP rising at 2% despite austerity, you might see 3% RGDP growth in a quarter with no federal layoffs, and 1% RGDP growth in a quarter with layoffs. The Fed's policy changes tend to occur about once per year, and hence cannot offset month-by-month real GDP growth rates. Monetary offset by the Fed will have failed (which is certainly possible) if RGDP growth for all of 2013 comes in under the 2% seen in recent years.
HT: Cameron, Steve.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Tags:
This entry was posted on April 04th, 2013 and is filed under Monetary Policy, Monetary Theory. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site.
Building demos, experimenting with prototypes, daily builds, bug verifications, whitebox, blackbox, fuzz, performance, scale and stress testing… I create and destroy quite a few Couchbase Server clusters every day. My go-to cloud these days is Azure, for these experimentations. For Azure fans, shared the github project I use on my OS-X El-Capitan. It is in our general couchbaselabs repo: https://github.com/couchbaselabs/couchbase-azure
There are only a few scripts to get this all done.
Prerequisites ​ install_prereqs.sh – simpler script to get you set up on OSx with node and azure-cli. Obviously, Run this once before you start using the rest of the scripts. You may see a few warnings during install. to make sure all worked well, I do an “azure login” at the end. it is supposed to ask you to log in a browser with a message like the following: “info: To sign in, use a web browser to open the page https://aka.ms/devicelogin. Enter the code ——– to authenticate.” and will wait for you to sign in to your azure account.
Settings ​ settings.sh – settings file to populate your azure account info, subscription id and couchbase server settings. There are 2 azure settings you need to supply before you can run automated scripts. You can search settings file for TODO to identify the variables. Here is what you need to populate into settings at a minimum. Azure Settings: Provide your azure account and subscription ID: You can use “azure login -u “ followed by “azure account show” to get the subscription id. Generate your certs: Certs are used for passwordless connectivity. This is required for the automation to work. Use “ssh-keyget” to generate the certs. Couchbase Settings: I also recommend you change your azure admin account name and password (used for logging into the web console at http://IP:8091) and the jumpbox admin account and passwords (used for connecting to the Windows server jumpbox).
Figure: highlighted the TODO: items recommended above
Create and Delete Couchbase Server Cluster create_azure_cluster.sh – this is the automated script that will provision VMs, download and install Couchbase Server and construct your cluster. You will need to login to your azure subscription first. The script has 3 parts. Configuring a vnet, jumpbox and couchbase server cluster. VNet Config (virtual network): Allows all nodes to communicate over 10.0.* addresses. This is done for network efficiency. Jumpbox Config: Jumpbox is needed so Couchbase Server cluster is not exposed to the internet. Jumpbox reside in the same vnet as the cluster and can get to the cluster through private IPs for administration. By default it is a Windows server node. The RDP address and port is echoed to the console at the end of the setup. You can specify a different image or disable to jumpbox altogether using the disable_jumpbox setting. Cluster Config: For each node of the cluster, the script create a VM in the vnet, downloads and installs the Couchbase Server image specified and forms a cluster using the nodes. After each download+install, the script will run CLUSTER-INIT for the first node, ADD for subsequent nodes and REBALANCE with the last node. The script will echo the web console link and vm and cluster admin account information.
The output will look something like this.
delete_azure_cluster.sh – this is the mopup script! cleans up and deploys the cluster, jumpbox and the vnet. It will use the vm_name_prefix to find and delete the nodes so it is important you pick a unique prefix for VM names. It will confirm deletion with each node with a [y/n]. If you'd like a fast and silent delete (after experimenting with the script a few times for safety), you can turn the fast_delete mode in the setting file.
The output will look something like this.
Remember, you can find the full set of scripts here in github: https://github.com/couchbaselabs/couchbase-azure.
Happy hacking!
-cihan
Don Lemon had a doozy of an interview with David A. Clarke, Jr., whose @SheriffClarke Twitter account is getting plenty of feedback — along with Sheriff Clarke's name in conjunction with Lemon's name — on Twitter. As seen in the below videos, Sheriff Clarke's interview with Lemon turned contentious when Don asked Clarke about the tragic killing of police in Baton Rouge on Sunday, July 17.
As reported by CNN, things got pretty heated between Lemon and Clarke.
Sheriff Clarke hails from Milwaukee County, Wisconsin — and can be seen in the photo above from Friday, May 20. That's the day that Clarke spoke at the National Rifle Association convention in Louisville, Kentucky. However, it was Clarke's interview with Lemon, as seen in part below, that caused a big reaction on social media.
Clarke blamed the “Black Lives Matter” movement for the violence and turned to Lemon and continued asking Don questions each time Lemon tried to interview Clarke about the killings of police officers on Sunday. Lemon appeared frustrated with Sheriff Clarke at one point that the interview went to a commercial break. When the interview was resumed, Lemon diplomatically suggested that Don and Sheriff Clarke not talk over one another, but to make sure to keep the conversation civil, or else stated that Clarke was free to leave.
Instead, Sheriff Clarke appeared agitated as they continued to press Lemon about their personal thoughts on the “Black Lives Matter” movement. As Don asked Sheriff Clarke to stay on topic about the events of the day in Baton Rouge, Sheriff Clarke brought up the fact that they predicted that the “Black Lives Matter” movement would cause trouble — as Clarke put it — two years ago, claiming that “Black Lives Matter” is all about hate speech towards police officers.
[Photo by Alex Brandon/AP Images] Sheriff Clarke spoke about black-on-black crime and about police officers going into “ghettos” to defend the lives of blacks. Lemon brought up white-on-white crime, with Clarke retorting that they didn't care about whom white folks killed. The emotions in the interview were high as Clarke seemed to try to pin down Lemon to get them to think the way Clarke did, which was to blame what they called was the “Black Lives Matter” rhetoric for inspiring crimes against cops.
Lemon reiterated the point that Don was a journalist and didn't need to pick a side nor answer Sheriff Clarke's questions. Lemon said that as a reporter, it wasn't their job to adhere to either side — with Don saying that they were neither a supporter nor a defender or member of the “Black Lives Matter” movement. Clarke asked Don how could one even become of member of the “Black Lives Matter” movement, going on to claim what Clarke deemed was a disorganized movement.
On Twitter, Clarke lists the following credentials in their Twitter profile.
“Sheriff Milwaukee County. MA Security Studies NPS. NRA Patron Member. CPAC Charlton Heston Courage Under Fire Award. FLEOA Law Enforcement Leader of Year 2016.”
[Photo by Mark Humphrey/AP Images] Meanwhile, the heated interview between Sheriff Clarke and Lemon is getting plenty of feedback on social media. Some of those reactions are listed below.
“Sheriff Clarke is accustomed to their Stockholm-laden performances going unchecked on # Fox. Dude made Lemon look like an activist # CNN“
“Sheriff David Clarke: ‘Black Lives Matter' are purveyors of a ‘hateful, violent ideology.”
“Sheriff Clarke [is] dumb as a sack of rocks and Don Lemon doesn't have the b**** to go at him. That was rigged against them from the start.”
“Sheriff Clarke sounds & looks angry. If he's not going to be part of solution, they shouldn't be part of the problem.”
[Photo by Mark Humphrey/AP Images]
Solar power installers have never been busier in Maine.
They're covering roofs at dozens of homes. They're putting up high-profile commercial projects, such as the Maine Beer Co. brewery on Route 1 in Freeport, which features 212 panels with two “tracker” arrays that follow the sun to maximize output. In April, a developer announced plans to build the state's largest solar project. It would feature 9,500 panels at an abandoned naval facility in Gouldsboro and sell power to The Jackson Laboratory in Bar Harbor.
Assured Solar Energy in North Yarmouth – working with the Solarize Freeport marketing campaign – installs an array at the Maine Beer Co. in Freeport late last month. Photo by Tux Turkel/Staff Writer Related Headlines Future of solar energy in Maine still cloudy
Solar rebates compared
But all the activity, which echoes a national solar boom, masks the fact that solar energy is at a crossroads in Maine. Despite strong public interest, political support is eroding at a crucial time, making growth here uncertain in the near term.
Solar's stellar rise is being subsidized by a 30 percent federal tax credit that has been essential to consumer affordability. The credit is set to expire for homeowners at the end of 2016, and drop to 10 percent for utilities and businesses. Congress could renew or modify the program, but the industry is pessimistic about winning a tax subsidy with divided government in a presidential election year.
If the solar investment tax credit goes away, the impact will be keenly felt in Maine.
Maine is the only New England state lacking a clear policy to promote solar development. Clean energy advocates were excited last winter when a handful of bills aimed at providing financial incentives for solar were introduced in the Legislature. But their hopes were largely dashed by opposition from Gov. Paul LePage and ideological differences between Republicans and Democrats.
One bill that would have offered a modest rebate for farmers who installed solar was carried over until next year. Although it was approved in the Legislature, supporters calculated that it didn't have enough votes to survive an expected veto from LePage.
A far-reaching solar bill, championed by Rep. Sara Gideon, D-Freeport, the assistant House majority leader, was reduced to a study process of alternative ways to compensate solar generation, known as net metering. That study process, called a resolve, is expected to be vetoed by LePage and will face an override vote when the Legislature reconvenes Tuesday. Assuming the veto is overridden, that process will get underway this summer at the Maine Public Utilities Commission. It will include the Maine Office of the Public Advocate, lawmakers, solar installers, clean-energy advocates and utilities. They'll try to reach a consensus the Legislature can consider next year.
In an interview last week, Gideon said she's not discouraged by the outcome. Finding an alternative to net metering, they said, is crucial to the long-term growth of the solar industry, and the concepts being discussed in Maine are drawing national attention.
“We are setting ourselves up for the next generation,” they said.
The fate of Gideon's bill, however, may doom the Gouldsboro solar project. The $9 million venture would have generated enough power for 500 or so average homes. But financing hinged on an element in the bill that would have required electricity suppliers to include new solar generation in their power portfolios. “I'm not sure whether the project is doable without the (solar renewable energy credits) but I'm continuing to explore alternatives,” Kim Kenway, president of Gouldsboro Solar LLC, said last week.
‘UNCERTAINTY ON THE HORIZON'
Nationally, solar electricity is still less than 1 percent of total generation, but it accounted for nearly one-third of new capacity during the first six months of last year, trailing only natural gas, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration. Falling panel prices are contributing to the trend, putting solar power on par with coal and gas.
In Maine, however, doubts about the federal tax credit and the future of net metering, and Le- Page's hostility toward subsidies for renewable energy, have solar installers pondering their business plans. One strategy is to expand elsewhere.
“We're trying to respond to a strong marketplace demand,” said Phil Coupe, co-founder of the state's largest solar company, ReVision Energy in Portland. “But there's uncertainty on the horizon, between the tax credit and net metering, and we're reluctant to buy more trucks and hire employees. If we had a stable environment, we could double our business in the next 24 months.”
Coupe has 60 workers in Maine. They said he's backed up 10 weeks on installation jobs.
The lack of support in Maine has ReVision expanding in New Hampshire, which offers a rebate up to $3,750 on top of the federal credit. The company has an office there with 40 workers.
One of Maine's oldest solar installers, Talmage Solar Engineering in Arundel, is using its proximity to the border to work in other states. It installed a 9,562-panel array in Sharon, Vermont, that generates enough power for 440 homes. The project is valued for taxes at $4.2 million by the town and benefits from a state law encouraging long-term contracts for solar power.
“I am having to leave Maine,” said Naoto Inoue, the company's president. “I don't do much in Maine. Maine happens to have the worst incentives in New England.”
MINI-SURGE UNDERWAY
Maine's ambivalence toward solar is reflected in related economic activity.
Perhaps not surprising, California leads the nation in solar industry jobs, with 54,700 workers, according to The Solar Foundation. But the second-place state might be unexpected – Massachusetts, with 9,400 jobs at 353 companies. Maine ranks 43rd, with 400 jobs at 43 companies.
Nationally, companies are racing to finance and build projects before the federal tax credit expires. Much of the effort involves giant installations in the West, notably in California and Texas.
A mini-surge is underway in Maine, where a marketing campaign called Solarize Freeport has 39 homes signed up. The Solarize concept started six years ago in Oregon. In Freeport, the community discount for bulk purchase is worth about $800 for each home. Coupled with the 30 percent tax credit, it knocks more than $5,000 from a typical $15,000 installation, if participants sign up by Sept. 30.
“Every morning I wake up and think about January 1, 2017,” said Vaughan Woodruff, owner of Insource Renewables in Pittsfield. “Next year is going to be a total seller's market. People are going to be calling off the hook and we're going to be able to pick projects because we can't do them all.”
Woodruff has seven employees and said their business could double in size to handle the workload. Much of their work is in Freeport and southern Maine, where there are more affluent homeowners. He'd like to stay closer to home and says the solar incentives could have created business in rural Maine. Ideally, they said, he'd train laid-off paper millworkers as solar installers.
Woodruff's view is echoed by Rob Taisey, co-owner of Assured Solar Energy in North Yarmouth. He's working with Solarize Freeport and installed the Maine Beer Co. array, as part of an earlier contract.
“It's a shame,” they said. “While (the Legislature) has been fiddling for the last three years, Mainers are losing out on the ability to leverage a lot of private capital to improve the economy.”
Share
The new McCarthyism and the suppression of political dissent
29 September 2017
The McCarthyite witch-hunts of the 1950s are viewed, among all thinking people, as one of the most shameful episodes in the history of the United States. The term “McCarthyism” is synonymous with false allegations, intimidation and character assassination to serve the most reactionary political aims.
Now, seven decades later, a new period of political witch-hunting has begun, spearheaded by the Democratic Party and the media outlets principally associated with it, the New York Times and the Washington Post. Political dissent is being associated with treason. The notorious phrase of the McCarthyites, “Are you now or have you ever been a member of the Communist Party?” is in the process of being revived and revised: “Are you now, or have you ever been, a critic of the US government?” If the answer is "yes," that is tantamount to an admission that you are a stooge, if not an agent, of Russia and the devil-like Vladimir Putin.
Associated with allegations of “fake news” and “conspiracy theories,” the new McCarthyism is itself one of the greatest fake news conspiracy theories ever hatched. It began with the claim that Hillary Clinton lost the 2016 presidential election due to the intervention of the Russian government. These charges, which have been building steadily since the election, have entered a new stage, with virtually daily articles in the Times and the Post seeking to attribute political and social opposition within the United States to the nefarious operations of Vladimir Putin.
“People familiar with the covert influence campaign,” the Washington Post reported Monday, say Russia sought to promote “African American rights groups, including Black Lives Matter.” Russian agents likewise helped promote support for “N.F.L. players who do not stand for the national anthem,” spreading hashtags such as “#boycottnfl” and “#takeaknee,” the Times declared Thursday.
The Post explicitly drew parallels to the allegations by the FBI and other intelligence agencies that the civil rights movement of the 1960s expressed not legitimate social grievances, but the activities of communist spies and agitators. “Much like the online ads discovered by Facebook,” writes the Post, “messages spread by Soviet-era operatives were meant to look as though they were written by bona fide political activists in the United States, thereby disguising the involvement of an adversarial foreign power.”
Like the charges of Russian “hacking” of Democratic Party emails, none of this is supported by any hard evidence. Hence the increasingly strident demands by political operatives that social media companies produce material supposedly documenting the most wild claims and spectacular allegations.
In the new witch-hunt, the role of Joe McCarthy is played by Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, the richest man in the Senate and the leading Democrat on the powerful Senate Intelligence Committee. Perhaps more than any other politician, Warner is the spokesperson of the Central Intelligence Agency.
Amid a barrage of media propaganda, Warner is twisting the arms of technology executives to get them to fall in line behind the campaign to censor the Internet.
Warner's latest convert is Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, who on Wednesday issued a contrite apology for previous expressions of skepticism. “After the election,” Zuckerberg wrote, “I made a comment that I thought the idea misinformation on Facebook changed the outcome of the election was a crazy idea. Calling that crazy was dismissive and I regret it.”
Zuckerberg shifted their position after they got a personal visit from Warner at Facebook's headquarters. It is not hard to imagine the type of threats that were made by the CIA-connected Senator to force Zuckerberg to retract their earlier statement. Following Warner's visit, Facebook produced a list of 3,000 accounts, which the company said had made $100,000 in ad purchases aiming to “sow divisions” during the election.
When Warner turned this information over to Twitter, demanding that they corroborate it, the company reported that it found that none of some 450 accounts turned over to it by Facebook had been engaged in any advertising on the social media platform.
Twitter did provide data on advertising by Russia Today (RT), which it acknowledged, “was public” due to “the open nature of the Twitter platform.” It concluded, that “these campaigns were directed at followers of mainstream media and primarily promoted RT Tweets regarding news stories.” On Thursday, Warner denounced the failure of Twitter executives to give them what they wanted, declaring their statements to be “deeply disappointing” and “inadequate on almost every level.”
Warner then threatened to subpoena Twitter executives to appear at a hearing on Russia's alleged intervention in the 2016 election, something that neither the executives who brought about the 2008 stock market crash, nor the intelligence agents who turned a blind eye to Saudi involvement in the September 11 terror attacks, were ever subjected to.
Even if one were to presume that all the claims of Russian ad purchases were true, the idea that a hundred thousand dollars shifted the US election in Trump's favor would be laughable, if the implications of the baseless charges were not so serious.
All of this is aimed at creating the political and legal foundations for domestic repression. It is not Vladimir Putin or Donald Trump that the ruling class is worried about, but the emergence of social and political opposition within the United States. Indeed, Warner's witch-hunt is taking place even as the Democrats are collaborating with Trump, the supposed beneficiary of Russian “meddling,” on a whole series of domestic legislative issues.
The United States is a social tinderbox. The Democrats are attempting to create a “narrative” that social anger is the product not of unprecedented levels of social inequality, police violence and unending military conflicts, but “fake news” promoted by Russian intelligence. Organizations and individuals who criticize government policy are, according to this logic, the hired agents of foreign “enemies.”
It is significant that in Warner's campaign on the role of social media and Internet platforms in facilitating the promotion of “fake news,” Google is left out. As the World Socialist Web Site has documented, Google adopted new algorithms earlier this year aimed at suppressing left-wing and socialist publications, above all the WSWS.
Since announcing changes to its algorithm to demote “alternative viewpoints” in the name of promoting “authoritative sources,” Google has slashed search traffic to 13 left-wing, progressive, and antiwar websites by nearly 55 percent. The pressure on Facebook and Twitter is aimed at ensuring that they adopt and implement similarly aggressive measures.
The new McCarthyism represents an immense threat. Core democratic rights are under attack. The campaign must be resisted. Similar efforts are underway internationally, with European governments seeking to place severe restrictions on the functioning of social media. Protests must be organized to demand an end to Internet censorship and the witch-hunting of political dissent. The World Socialist Web Site pledges to oppose and expose the political scoundrels leading this campaign.
Andre Damon
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
​Image: ​Mr.TinDC/Flickr
​Comcast has dropped its controversial bid to acquire Time Warner Cable, which would have formed the largest telecom business in the United States, ​according to Bloomberg Business.
"Comcast has made the decision at this point to pull the plug on this deal. The decision has already been made," Alex Sherman, Bloomberg's media and telecom mergers and acquisitions reporter said on the air. "If our reporting is accurate, Comcast has made the decision to pull the plug on this deal... apparently they're having a board meeting later today."
An official announcement should come tomorrow, they said.
The proposed deal has been controversial from the start. Though not directly linked to the ​recent net neutrality battle, both Comcast and Time Warner have been looked at ​as internet and cable monopolies in the cities the do business in.
The companies don't directly compete with each other because they have staked out different cities in which to offer their services—New York, for instance, is a Time Warner Cable city, whereas Washington, DC is a Comcast city. The merger would have created a company that dominated the industry nationwide, a prospect that many feared.
Earlier this week, there was talk that the Department of Justice was considering suing to prevent the deal from going through, and yesterday, the Federal Communications Commission ​called for a hearing in front of an administrative law judge, a move that industry experts considered the "kiss of death."
According to Sherman, after the Justice Department news broke, "things have fallen off a cliff in a hurry."
A spokesperson for Comcast told me the company would have more to say later but did not deny that Comcast is dropping its bid. We'll continue to follow this as it develops.
A militant Islamist group has demanded Christians living in the north-east of Syria pay it a tax in return for protection as it seeks to build a traditional "Caliphate" in areas it controls.
The Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS) published the terms under which minorities could live under its rule in a statement on the internet.
"Christians are obligated to pay Jizya tax on every adult male to the value of four golden dinars for the wealthy, half of that for middle-income citizens and half of that for the poor," their decree said. "They must not hide their status, and can pay in two instalments per year." Four dinars would amount to just over half an ounce of gold, worth £435 at current prices.
In return, Christians will not be harmed and will be allowed to worship privately, maintain their own clergy without interference and keep their own cemeteries, it added. They are implicitly allowed to continue drinking alcohol and eating pork, but may not do so publicly or trade them with Muslims. Nor may they build or renovate churches, or display the cross.
The demand carries weight because ISIS, which grew out of al-Qaeda in Iraq, has become the most feared militia in Syria. It has now been disavowed by Osama bin Laden's replacement as al-Qaeda leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri, and is effectively at war with the rest of the rebel movement, including Jabhat al-Nusra, the group seen by al-Qaeda as its representative in Syria.
It controls nearly all of Raqqa province in the north-east, where it is attempting to build the institutions of an Islamic state. The decree refers to Christians as "dhimmis" - effectively protected minorities - a term that originated in the seventh century when the Muslim world was ruled by a single religious leader, the Caliph.
Raqqa, which is overwhelmingly Sunni Muslim in make-up, had a small Christian community but much if not all of it has already fled. When The Telegraph visited Raqqa city not long after forces aligned to al-Qaeda took over last year, the two alcohol shops had already been smashed up and scrawled with Islamist graffiti, along with the town's only restaurant that served alcohol.
There was said to be one Christian family still living in the town, but if so they were in hiding. Later, the crosses were removed from the top of the city's two churches.
But there is growing resentment among activists towards the stringent controls ISIS has imposed on the general population, including the wearing of the veil by women and separation of the sexes, even in bread queues. A photograph circulated of an Assad-regime flag hanging from a house, an unthinkable act of defiance until recently.
Christians used to make up around one in ten of Syria's 22 million population, but the civil war has forced an estimated 500,000 to flee their homes and villages, which are scattered across the country. Some 1,200 are thought to have been killed.
As a religious minority they enjoyed protection under President Assad, and as such have become an indirect target of the Sunni Muslim led uprising.
John Pontifex, of Aid to Church in Need, a Catholic charity that has highighted the plight of Christians in Syria, said: "We have already received reports of this nature,and if true, they spell out loud and clear the degree to which Christians are under attack and at risk.
"There seems to be a desire to flush Chrisians out or reduce them to second class status."
Imposition of the so-called "dhimmi" rules conforms precisely with regime claims that the rebels are seeking to take Syria back to the Middle Ages.
Aymenn al-Tamimi, an Oxford University-based academic expert on Iraq and Syrian jihadists, said the imposition of the jizya was derived from a verse in the Quran, which demanded submission by the "people of the Book" - Jews and Christians - who did not follow Islam.
In a post to the Syria Comment website, they added: "In case ISIS's ambitions to a global caliphate were still not apparent to anyone, ISIS's official Twitter account for Raqqa province had this to say on the imposition of the dhimmi pact: 'Today in Raqqa and tomorrow in Rome.'"
[OSEN=선미경 기자] They fascinated fans, while chitchatting. It was not a “sleepy” broadcasting, but a special present for fans to listen to BLACKPINK's voices in the late night.
BLACKPINK hosted “BLACKPINK LIVE” broadcasting on search engine NAVER's V-LIVE on December 4 in the night. It was the first time for BLACKPINK to have such a relaxing time with fans after their debut. It was also the first time for the members to host a free broadcasting without a specific form for a long time, so they said they were nervous at the beginning. However, the girls soon relaxed and made the broadcasting a lovely healing time with fans.
In the broadcasting, BLACKPINK talked about a variety of topics including each other's first impression, the days of their training, and their dream for 10 years later. They talked frankly and calmly, expressing their gratitude for fans as well. It was enough to attract keen attention from fans.
BLACKPINK also expressed affection for fans as well. The members said it was their first broadcasting for such a long time and it was a healing time for them thanks to each other of them and also thanks to fans. They also said they wanted to meet fans as soon as possible, as they have yet to directly meet them and that they wanted to spend more time with fans in other broadcasting soon.
The broadcasting well-revealed BLACKPINK members' pure and innocent appeals. BLACKPINK has not appeared in that many TVs shows so far, to concentrate more on their performances. However, recently, they began to appear in more TV shows, to show wider variety of appeals. The broadcasting was like a gift given for fans to better understand a girl group named BLACKPINK. We all want to see the pure, friendly, and innocent BLACKPINK again in their healing broadcasting season two.
2016. 12. 5.
Highlights
Global banking and securities firm Goldman Sachs said Thursday it wasexpecting considerable oil price upside in the next 6-12 months as risingdemand fueled by improved global economic growth cut into OPEC spare capacity.
Not registered? Receive daily email alerts, subscriber notes & personalize your experience. Register Now
"With world economic growth continuing to drive oil demand growth wellin excess of non-OPEC production growth, the oil market continues to draw oninventories and OPEC spare capacity in order to balance," Goldman Sachs saidin its Commodity Watch report.
"In our view, it is only a matter of time before inventories and OPECspare capacity become effectively exhausted, requiring higher oil prices torestrain demand, keeping it in line with available supply."
As such, Goldman Sachs has now forecast a WTI crude price of $111.00/bin three months, $115.00/b in six months and $126.50/b in 12 months, thiscompares with $108.00/b, $114.50/b and $126.50/b forecasts from its May 24Commodity Watch report.
For Brent crude, Goldman Sachs said its three, six and 12-monthforecasts were now to $117.00/b, $120.00/b and $130.00/b. In its May 24report Goldman had forecast prices of $115.00/b, $120.00/b and $130.00/b,respectively.
"We continue to expect that oil demand growth fueled by moderateeconomic growth expectations will be sufficient to draw down crude oilinventories and OPEC spare capacity by early next year, leading toconsiderable oil price upside on a 6- to 12-month horizon," Goldman said.
At 0825 GMT, the front-month August NYMEX crude futures contract wastrading at $97.27/b, while front-month August ICE Brent futures were$114.38/b.
Goldman also said the impact of the recent International Energy Agencyagreement to release 60 million barrels of oil onto the market to compensatefor lost production out of Libya would only be short-lived.
"As details of the release have begun to be made available, it is nowclear that only about two-thirds of the release of 60 million barrels will bethrough a sale from government-controlled inventories that would otherwise beunavailable to the market. Further, the impact of the release is likely to besubstantially more muted as time goes on," Goldman said.
"On net, while this oil will moderately increase near-term supplyavailability, it does little to alter inventory levels and the trajectory ofcrude oil prices over the medium-term." For the products market, GoldmanSachs has forecast an RBOB gasoline price of $2.89/gal in three months,$2.95/gal in six months and $3.35/gal in 12 months, down from $2.96/gal,$3.94/gal and $3.36/gal in their May 24 outlook, while USGC heating oil hasbeen forecast at $3,12/gal, $3.26/gal and $3.48/gal, compared with theearlier forecasts of $3.04/gal, $3.24/gal and $3.47/gal.
"Gasoline inventories have recovered from their very low levels in Apriland early May while gasoline demand has picked up markedly as we entered thesummer driving season, supported by a substantial decline in retail priceswhich have dropped almost $0.40/gal since the peak in early May," Goldmansaid, adding that ongoing strong gasoline cracks reflected the weakness inWTI prices rather than strength in gasoline.
For heating oil, meanwhile, Goldman said that while US distillate stocksstarted the year well above last year's levels, inventories have declinedsharply over the course of the year and have so far lacked the typicalseasonal increase over the past weeks.
"This supporting trend is driven primarily by strong export demand fromLatin America and increasingly Europe rather than domestic demand, whichremains well below last year's levels," Goldman said.
"We expect this export demand to continue this summer, likely supportedby diesel-fired electricity generation demand in China and Japan."
--Geoff King, geoff_king@platts.com
Thomas Jefferson
It was quite witty of Rep. Keith Ellison, D-Minn., to short-circuit the hostility of those who criticized them for taking their oath on the Quran and to ask the Library of Congress for the loan of Thomas Jefferson's copy of that holy book. But the irony of this, which certainly made their stupid Christian fundamentalist critics look even stupider, ought to be partly at their own expense as well.
In the first place, concern over Ellison's political and religious background has little to do with their formal adherence to Islam. In their student days and subsequently, they were a supporter of Louis Farrakhan's Nation of Islam, a racist and crackpot cult organization that is in schism with the Muslim faith and even with the Sunni orthodoxy now preached by the son of the NOI's popularizer Elijah Muhammad. Farrakhan's sect explicitly describes a large part of the human species—the so-called white part—as an invention of the devil and has issued tirades against the Jews that exceed what even the most fanatical Islamists have said. Farrakhan themselves has boasted of the “punishment” meted out to Malcolm X by armed gangsters of the NOI (see the brilliant documentary Brother Minister: The Assassination of Malcolm X, which catches them in the act of doing this). If Ellison now wants to use their faith to justify an appeal to pluralism and inclusiveness and diversity, they need to repudiate the Nation of Islam, and in much more unambivalent terms than any I have yet heard from him.
As to the invocation of Jefferson, we know that when they and James Madison first proposed the Virginia Statute on Religious Freedom (the frame and basis of the later First Amendment to the Constitution) in 1779, the preamble began, “Well aware that Almighty God hath created the mind free.” Patrick Henry and other devout Christians attempted to substitute the words “Jesus Christ” for “Almighty God” in this opening passage and were overwhelmingly voted down. This vote was interpreted by Jefferson to mean that Virginia's representatives wanted the law “to comprehend, within the mantle of its protection, the Jew and the Gentile, the Christian and Mahomedan, the Hindoo, and Infidel of every denomination.” Quite right, too, and so far so good, even if the term Mahomedan would not be used today, and even if Jefferson's own private sympathies were with the last named in that list.
A few years later, in 1786, the new United States found that it was having to deal very directly with the tenets of the Muslim religion. The Barbary states of North Africa (or, if you prefer, the North African provinces of the Ottoman Empire, plus Morocco) were using the ports of today's Algeria, Libya, and Tunisia to wage a war of piracy and enslavement against all shipping that passed through the Strait of Gibraltar. Thousands of vessels were taken, and more than a million Europeans and Americans sold into slavery. The fledgling United States of America was in an especially difficult position, having forfeited the protection of the British Royal Navy. Under this pressure, Congress gave assent to the Treaty of Tripoli, negotiated by Jefferson's friend Joel Barlow, which stated roundly that “the government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion, as it has in itself no character of enmity against the laws, religion or tranquility of Musselmen.” This has often been taken as a secular affirmation, which it probably was, but the difficulty for secularists is that it also attempted to buy off the Muslim pirates by the payment of tribute. That this might not be so easy was discovered by Jefferson and John Adams when they went to call on Tripoli's envoy to London, Ambassador Sidi Haji Abdrahaman. They asked them by what right they extorted money and took slaves in this way. As Jefferson later reported to Secretary of State John Jay, and to the Congress:
The ambassador answered us that [the right] was founded on the Laws of the Prophet, that it was written in their Koran, that all nations who should not have answered their authority were sinners, that it was their right and duty to make war upon them wherever they could be found, and to make slaves of all they could take as prisoners, and that every Mussulman who should be slain in battle was sure to go to Paradise.
Medieval as it is, this has a modern ring to it. Abdrahaman did not fail to add that a commission paid directly to Tripoli—and another paid to himself—would secure some temporary lenience. I believe on the evidence that it was at this moment that Jefferson decided to make war on the Muslim states of North Africa as soon as the opportunity presented itself. And, even if I am wrong, we can be sure that the dispatch of the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps to the Barbary shore was the first and most important act of their presidency. It took several years of bombardment before the practice of kidnap and piracy and slavery was put down, but put down it was, Quranic justification or not.
Jefferson did not demand regime change of the Barbary states, only policy change. And as far as I can find, they avoided any comment on the religious dimension of the war. But then, they avoided public comment on faith whenever possible. It was not until long after their death that we became able to read most of their scornful writings on revelation and redemption (recently cited with great clarity by Brooke Allen in their book Moral Minority: Our Skeptical Founding Fathers). And it was not until long after their death that The Life and Morals of Jesus of Nazareth was publishable. Sometimes known as “the Jefferson Bible” for short, this consists of the four gospels of the New Testament as redacted by our third president with (literally) a razor blade in their hand. With this blade, they excised every verse dealing with virgin birth, miracles, resurrection, and other puerile superstition, thus leaving them (and us) with a very much shorter book. In 1904 (those were the days), the Jefferson Bible was printed by order of Congress, and for many years was presented to all newly elected members of that body. Here's a tradition worth reviving: Why not ask all new members of Congress to swear on that?
And here's a tradition worth inaugurating: The Quran repeats and plagiarizes many passages of the New Testament, including some of the most fantastic and mythical ones. Is it not time to apply the razor and produce a reasonable Quran as well? What could be more inclusive? What could be a better application of Jeffersonian original intent?
The smoke has not fully cleared yet hazy strange things are cropping up at the edges of an orangutan sanctuary in Central Kalimantan, which the Indonesian police have designated a possible crime scene.
Greenpeace Southeast Asia released several images on Thursday of freshly planted palm oil saplings on the burnt land at the edges of the Nyaru Menteng orangutan sanctuary. Field workers from the group took the photos when they visited the area on October 27.
Indonesia is still grappling with the massive haze that started in Sumatra province and engulfed neighbouring Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand and some cities in the Philippines as millions of hectares of land were razed in nearly three months. The haze has eased since last week after rains fell in the region.
Based on publicly available maps, there is no palm oil concession in the area, the campaign group said in a statement.
The group has called on the Indonesian government to revitalise all forest and peatlands that have been burnt to make sure no one profits from the fires.
Annisa Rahmawati, a forest campaigner for Greenpeace, commented: “It is unthinkable that anyone should be allowed to profit from such a crisis. President Jokowi has called for restoration after the fires – and that must mean restoring forests and peatlands, not planting with oil palm.”
President Joko “Jokowi” Widodo reiterated late last month their 2014 promise to push for a stronger moratorium on peatland development, including restoration of drained peat swamps. However, new regulation has yet to be issued.
Peatlands are waterlogged areas in the forest which do not burn easily unless they were drained and left to dry, according to scientists at the Bogor-based Center for International Forestry Research (CIFOR). However, rampant clearing of forests and drying of peatlands for palm oil or timber plantations have left these areas highly at risk to fires, especially during the dry season.
“The dried-out peat ignites easily, burns underground and creeps under the surface,” CIFOR said on its website.
Greenpeace said a similar photo of palm oil saplings planted in rows among burned tree stumps - taken by Sutopo Purwo Nugroho, chief of data and information at the National Disaster Management Agency and posted on their Twitter feed - went viral on October 20.
The photo has a caption that says, “After the fire, comes the oil palm”.
The Indonesian Palm Oil Producers Association or GAPKI dismissed the social media post as part of a smear campaign against the palm oil industry, which produces the cheapest and hence most widely used vegetable oil product.
The owner of the land planted with new palm oil saplings cannot be identified as the Indonesian government has not released any new map on concession areas. Image: Ardiles Rante/ Greenpeace
Eddy Martono, head of the land and spatial division at GAPKI was quoted by The Jakarta Post as saying: “The smoke is still rising, but the palm trees have already been planted. This is very strange. Based on cultivation techniques, it is not possible to plant the young palm trees [on such land], as they would wither. Something is hidden, and I have no idea what it is.”
They suspected that a call to boycott palm oil will follow suit, but did not point out who or which group could be behind the smear campaign.
However, people in the area told investigators that the land where the new palm samplings were found were burnt twice about a month ago. This suggests that it was intended for cultivating palm oil, Greenpeace said.
The police is currently investigating the area to find out if the fires were started on purpose.
Greenpeace's Rahmawati pointed out that at present, the public does not know the identity of the landowner as the Indonesian government has not issued any new maps on concession areas.
“We won't know until the government makes good on its promise to publish concession maps and hold those responsible for these fires to account,” they said.
Live Cams With Amazing Views
All cams listed by major city or state. Many more, available via city pages in the left column.
Any links taking you to a "page not found" message, or horribly outdated? E-mail us!
Other Super Sites
* Fort Worth WXnation Webcam (10 sec. auto-refresh) | 30 sec. non-Java updates | Fort Worth Skyline Webcam Archive | WXnation Webcam 2 (30 sec. auto-refresh)
* WXnation's National page - U.S. and international weather news, video reports, space links and more
* WXnation's Top 20 Visited City Pages Archive and Biggest Weather Days Of 2008
AccuWeather.com Streaming Video (Breaking News/Severe Weather/Forecasts) | National Snow/Ice/Rain Radar | Total Precip. Radar - 24 Hours
AIRNOW/Hazecam Webcams
EarthCam Metro Cams List
Hurricane Tracker | Hurricanes 101
Intellicast Current Weather
IRIS Seismic Monitor Color Map | Large | Interactive Map | IRIS Quakes Home
NWS Nat'l Warnings Home Page
International Weather and Webcams in National page
International Cams - A Birds Eye View Of ... Webcams | WebCam Central
Live Butterfly Webcam (Indoor) | EarthCam Penguin Cam
NASA Home | Jet Propulsion Laboratory | Kennedy Space Center | NASA TV Live Streaming | Satellite Sighting Data | Astronomy Picture Of The Day | Picture Archive
NCDC Weather Archive | Storm Events Archive By County
NASA Hurricane Resource Page | Real-Time & Archived Satellite Imagery & Cloud Products
NOAA National Hurricane Center | NOAA Image Collections
NOAA Weather Radio Frequencies (All in U.S.) | NOAA News Archive
NWS: National Weather Service Watches, Warnings, Statements, Advisories Map | 12 Hour Loop | 24 Hour Loop
NWS Storm Prediction Center U.S. Watch, Warning, Advisory Map | Convective Watch, Warning Display | Severe Weather Warnings List | Storm Prediction Center Forecasts | Severe Outlook Map | Storm Reports Maps
Plymouth State College Weather Center - Images/Data
RSN Live Cams List | With Thumbnails
RV Webcam (Travels the country)
SpaceWeather.com
Storm Predator Personal Warning Alert System Download
TempestTours Storm Chasing Expeditions
Tornado Page - NOAA | Tornado Project Online | Online Tornado FAQ
USGS Earthquake Activity Map | Latest 2.5 + Quakes List
Weather.com National Radar | Loop | | Interactive Weather Map | Weather.com News Center | Weather News - CNN.com | Google News
Weather.com Photo Gallery
Weather Images & Graphics
Weather Underground Image Gallery | Current Weather Pictures | WildWeather.com Weather Gallery
Weather Station Education Center
WorldWeather.org - From World Meteorological Organization
WxRisk.com - Weather Forecasting For Traders, Investors and Businesses
Home Pages
AccuWeather
EarthCam
Intellicast
MyForecast.com
National Weather Service
NWS Internet Weather Source
Weather.com
WeatherBug
Weather Underground
WxRisk.com
Pizza, it's the shit that soaks up all your bad decisions at 2am. Weed, It's what you do before and after the pizza arrives. So, it makes sense that someone's finally figured out how to transform a pizza box into a weed pipe.
Created by the people behind Push for Pizza (a glorious one-push-of-a-button pizza app) and the Nickolas Gregory studio, the box features a section that can be neatly torn off and folded into the shaft of a pipe. After that, just take the pizza saver used to prevent your pie from sticking to the lid and insert it to the end of the shaft to make the bowl.
Made of 100% recyclable materials, the bowl is crafted from temperature resistant ceramic and even has a built-in carb for ventilation.
“No longer will one have to search for a pipe before or struggle to remember the telephone number of the pizza parlor after its use,” boasts Push for Pizza. “Equally important, the pizza is in hand before the munchies set in, leading to a more relaxed and enjoyable experience without the interminable delay of its delivery or the pain of gnawing hunger.”
(Read This Next: I Replaced All My Coffee with Weed K-Cups. Here's What Happened)
Now, here's the bad news: the pizza pipe is just a pipe dream for now. But depending on how it's received, The Verge reports that it may get a limited time run. ‘Til then, you'll just have to remember where you placed your piece. If that fails, there's always weed pizza.
A HEROIC Danish woman who battled ISIS has been thrown in jail while their government lets returning Jihadis go free - and even hands them cushy jobs.
Joanna Palani, 23, who fought for the Kurdish peshmerga in Iraq and the YPG militia in Syria, had their passport confiscated by cops last year.
Facebook 3 Brave Joanna Palani, who battled ISIS in Iraq and Syria, has been locked up by the Danish government
Facebook 3 The Iraqi-born Dane had their passport confiscated upon returning to Europe
Police slapped them with 12-month travel ban by email in a bid to stop them from travelling back to the so-called Islamic State.
But after admitting to travelling to Qatar this year, brave Joanna was taken into custody and locked up in Denmark's largest prison, Vestre Fængsel in Copenhagen.
Denmark has suffered an epidemic of brainwashed citizens fleeing to fight for ISIS - the second highest per head of population in Europe behind Belgium.
RELATED STORIES THE 'NEW JIHADI JOHN' Brit jihadi who acted as Anjem Choudary's bodyguard appears in new ISIS beheading film KID'S NAILBOMB PLOT ISIS fanatic, 12, youngest-ever terror arrest over 'plan to bomb German Christmas Market' Pictured 'THEY HAD TO HIT IT TWICE' Iraqi brothers who escaped Mosul reveal what it's like to have your limbs hacked off by ISIS SEEING SCENTS Marks & Spencer changes name of ISIS perfume range after shoppers claimed it was 'totally inappropriate' 'HIDING IN PLAIN SIGHT' UK army chief warns of battle-hardened ISIS jihadis entering Europe with 'flow of migrants'
As a result, the Scandinavian country has introduced laws blocking passports belonging to those they believe pose “a substantial threat to public order”.
Yet, the liberal nation favours ‘deracialising' returning ISIS killers and instead of locking them up, the government hands them jobs and psychological counselling.
Representing Joanna, lawyer Erbil Kaya slammed the decision to jail them calling it “hypocritical”.
Speaking with the Guardian, Kaya said: “It's a shame. We are the first country in the world to punish a person who has been fighting on the same side as the international coalition.
“It's hypocritical to punish them Why don't we punish the people who fight for ISIS instead of people who are fighting on the same side as Denmark? I don't think it makes sense.”
Joanna, who will attend another hearing this week, could face two years in prison.
Facebook 3 Joanna says they have been 'betrayed' by their government
The daughter of Iranian Kurds, the courageous soldier was born in an Iraqi refugee camp in 1993 before their family moved to Denmark when they were aged three.
They told the Guardian that they went to Kurdistan , in northern Iraq, “to fight for women's rights, for democracy – for the European values I learned as a Danish girl”.
In an interview with Vice this year, they said that “ISIS fighters are very easy to kill”.
They also blasted the Danish government calling their passport confiscation a “betrayal.”
Joanna has also received death threats from extremists following their return to Denmark
They said: “It's very difficult for me, as there are many people who are against me still in Copenhagen – some IS people.
“It's hard for me to get a job as PET (Danish counterterrorism) have been calling employers telling them I am a threat to national security, so it doesn't seem like anyone is on my side.”
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
At the top of President Donald Trump's agenda for their discussion with congressional leaders Monday night: relitigating the campaign, including saying "illegals" voting deprived them of a victory in the popular vote.
The claim of widespread voter fraud in the 2016 presidential election, which Trump argued in late November, has been widely debunked.
Two sources confirmed to NBC News that Trump spent about the first 10 minutes of their bipartisan meeting with congressional leaders at the White House talking about the campaign and about how 3 million to 5 million "illegals" voted in the election, causing them to lose the popular vote.
More from NBC News:
With No Evidence, Trump Claims 'Millions' Voted Illegally
Watchdog Group's Trump Suit Hinges on Risky Legal Argument
Trump to Meet with Detroit Auto CEOs Over Cars From Mexico
NBC News has reached out to the Trump administration for comment about the claims.
The meeting with congressional leaders was described as a more social occasion than a formal session. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky, returned to the Capitol on Monday night and said it was "light-hearted," joking that they were most entertained by seeing Trump and Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-New York, discuss which New York politicians were common friends.
After the reception, Trump met privately with House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wisconsin. Ryan's office described the meeting as substantive and wide-ranging, including discussions of the repeal of the Affordable Care Act and other agenda items for the new administration.
"The speaker and President Trump are eager to continue moving forward on their shared agenda to jumpstart the economy and get the country back on track," a Ryan spokesperson said in a statement.
While the decision by Kenya's Supreme Court to annul the results of August's presidential election was hailed around the world as a step forward for democracy, a new vote will open up the country to economic uncertainty and the renewed possibility of violence.
Kenya, with East Africa's most developed economy and most robust democracy, is often held up as a model in the region, but its elections have resulted in severe ethnic clashes and are a heavy burden on the economy.
In parts of the capital, Nairobi, opposition supporters celebrated into the early hours of Saturday, while others wondered if their investments and businesses might be threatened by the stunning development.
Citing irregularities in how the election commission tallied and reported the Aug. 8 vote, the Supreme Court on Friday declared the results null and void and said a new election must be held within two months.
President Uhuru Kenyatta, who was reelected with 54 percent of the vote, said they would respect the decision, but soon afterward they began publicly condemning the judges for their decision.
"Who even elected you? Were you? We have a problem and we must fix it," they said on live television Saturday, remarks many perceived as a threat against the court.
Opposition leader Raila Odinga, who filed the petition prompting the court's decision, has focused their wrath on the commission supervising the elections, demanding that members be replaced — something most commentators say will not happen before the new elections, opening the way for possible unrest.
"It is going to be a high-octane political campaign season," said political analyst Barrack Muluka, who predicted that Kenyatta would focus on how four judges had robbed millions of their vote while Odinga — who has lost four elections — would focus on a system rigged against him.
"It is going to be a bare-knuckle political fistfight, where the grandiose ideas we had previously are going to be on the back burner, and it's going to be purely name-calling," Muluka said. "The country is likely to be more polarized along ethnic lines."
Like most of Kenya's presidents, Kenyatta is from the Kikuyu tribe, the country's largest, while Odinga is from the Luo, who have felt marginalized since independence in 1963. Voting — and the subsequent violence — often occurs along ethnic lines.
Kenyatta and their Jubilee Party have also positioned themselves as the pro-business force committed to improve the economy, while Odinga's message resonates more with the economically marginalized, such as the Luo, and those fed up with the country's endemic corruption.
For Josphat Ndemo, an artist living in Nairobi's Kibera slum, the court decision was a "victory for justice."
"I never expected it to turn out the way it did," they said, standing next to one of their paintings, showing police storming the neighborhood after last month's election. "Most of us thought it would favor the Jubilee side, and I had very little faith in Kenya's judicial system. This has given us so much hope."
Across the city, however, in the Kangemi market area, business person Martin Kinyanjui expressed frustration that the country has to redo the election and said they fear that the opposition is just trying to drag the country backward.
"Life had gone back to normal. We are all trying to earn a living and make our lives better," they said in their shop, where they trade secondhand clothes, in a market packed with the Saturday shopping crowd. "We cannot do this the whole year; we have to build the country."
The country's business executives do have reason to dread the elections, explained Joshua Kivuva, a political-science professor at Nairobi University. Kenya's regularly held, competitive elections are very hard on the country.
"The election is the worst thing that can happen to the Kenyan economy; that alone will take two years to recover from," they said, noting that economic growth reliably plummets around election time.
Elections, with their vigorous campaigning, massive spending on bribes for voters and threat of violence, are a time to hold off on making investments and, if possible, move assets outside the country, they explained.
In this case, the country is under even more strain, with a severe drought in the north that has harmed agricultural output and spurred inflation.
While most analysts expect Kenyatta to win the new election, an Odinga victory is possible with their supporters energized by the court ruling. An opposition triumph would mean major disruption in the government, as many of the Kikuyu holding senior posts in the administration would probably be replaced.
"This ethnic switch-over would cause severe paralysis in the state bureaucracy, including delays to licensing, demands for fresh kickbacks, and the risk of contract alteration," warned Robert Besseling, head of Exx Africa, a political risk advisory firm, in a recent report.
In the short term, the biggest flash point will be the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission, which oversaw the last election and will probably organize the next one.
Odinga has called for its members to face criminal prosecution, but the president has said they will not be replaced. In any case, with only two months before the election, few think there would be time to find and approve new members.
Besseling, however, warns that Odinga could well organize their followers to engage in social unrest to pressure the government on that point.
.
Yet despite the strains it will cause, analyst Muluka said the elections are still worth it for the country, in a region with only nominally democratic states such as Rwanda, Uganda and Ethiopia as well as openly repressive ones such as Burundi.
"The country must go through the crucible before it can attain democracy," they said. "Democracy must come at a cost; it is not a walk in the park."
Schemm reported from Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Read more
Kenya Supreme Court annuls presidential election in first for Africa
Kenya's opposition leader vows court challenge over election loss
At least 24 reportedly killed in Kenya post-election violence
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
BENTON COUNTY, Ark. - Houston rapper Travis Scott was arrested Saturday night, police in Arkansas said.
Scott, whose real name is Jaques Webster, was arrested after their performance at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion, according to the Rogers Police Department.
During the concert, police said Webster encouraged people to rush the stage and bypass the security protocols to ensure concert goer safety.
During the rush to the stage, police said several people were injured, including an employee from the security company hired to help monitor and control the crowd, and a member of the police department.
It's unclear how many people were hurt, but police said they were treated at a local hospital.
Webster was charged with inciting a riot, disorderly conduct, and endangering the welfare of a minor.
Webster is now at the Benton County Sheriff's Office, police said.
When Travis was last seen in Houston, they made headlines after they sat next to Kylie Jenner courtside at a Houston Rockets playoff game at Toyota Center.
Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Melissa Fabello shares their interracial dating advice with the chronically fretful readers of Everyday Feminism:
While interracial dynamics always add a layer of work to romance, it's important to note that I'm white. Because when you're a white person in an interracial relationship, there's this whole – ohhh, ya know – white supremacy thing hanging in the air. And that has to be acknowledged – and dealt with – constantly.
At this point, the opening paragraph, we could probably cut things short. I mean, if you're considering dating someone who thinks it important to mention their melanin levels and thinks that “white supremacy” is a feature of any future relationship, something to “acknowledge constantly,” you should probably walk away, quite briskly. Seriously, just get the hell out of there. However, for the morbidly curious among you, Ms Fabello has a list of “things to remember as a white person involved with a person of colour.” It begins thusly:
As a feminist and a woman, I could never be in a relationship with someone who didn't feel comfortable talking about patriarchy.
Hey, baby. Wanna talk about patriarchy?
Gender (and the social dynamics therein) is a part of my everyday life, both in how I'm perceived by the world and in the work that I do. So if I tried to date someone who felt discomfort to the point of clamming up every time I brought gender into the conversation, that “It's not you, it's me” discussion would come up quick.
Note the words “every time.”
The same goes for race... While it's okay for conversations about white supremacy to make you uncomfortable (hey, we should be uncomfortable with that shit), being generally aware of how race plays out and feeling fairly well versed in racial justice issues is important.
And feeling mutually awkward while sharing identitarian dogma and confessions of “white supremacy” is what binds lovers together, surely? Sadly, these moments of shared discomfort, however frequent and interminable, may not suffice:
While it's important to be willing to talk to your partner about race and to feel comfortable bringing it up, it's just as important to be willing to step back and recognise when your whiteness is intrusive… Not all family structures operate the same way… Maybe it isn't appropriate for your partner to take you home to meet their parents.
Apparently, the thing to take away from this is that if your partner-of-colour's family-of-colour don't want to meet you, a person of pallor, or have you in their home, then, obviously, it's your fault. Because “you represent an oppressive system” by “virtue of your privileges.”
Because as white people, we've been socialised racist.
In short, honkie germs. And for the excruciatingly pious, further complications can loom in the bedroom:
Working in retail, I still remember one of my worst customers. They handed me a quarter and what looked like a single one dollar bill. I said, “Sorry, the total is two twenty-five.” They pulled apart two crisp bills, which I didn't notice were stuck together, and slowly counted, “One...two. Do you speak English? Do you know math?” I was fuming, but I said nothing. I was, however, short with everyone else that day, until a friend asked, “what's your problem?” The problem was: I let that jerk turn me into an jerk, too.
This is something that happens to me all the time, and I think it happens to a lot of us. You're a nice enough person, but you're put in an environment where everyone is rude, and next thing you know, you're rude, too. Maybe someone just gets under your skin and you don't even realize it's happening. Or maybe all of your friends are kind of jerks, and you gradually start becoming more like them.
Advertisement
Whatever the scenario, this happens because rudeness is contagious. In a study published in the Journal of Applied Psychology, researchers had subjects reply to a neutral email. Some of the subjects watched a video of a rude interaction before replying, and their replies were a lot more hostile. That experiment and two others were enough for researchers to conclude:
Specifically, we show that rudeness activates a semantic network of related concepts in individuals' minds, and that this activation influences individual's hostile behaviors. In sum, in these 3 studies we show that just like the common cold, common negative behaviors can spread easily and have significant consequences for people in organizations
Whether it's rude coworkers, nasty Internet trolls, or just impolite strangers you encounter out running errands, here's how to avoid catching someone else's jerky behavior.
Advertisement
It's Probably Not About You
When a stranger sarcastically asks if you know how to count, it's hard not to take it personally. However, this had nothing to do with me. Sure, I made a mistake, if you can even call it that, but it certainly didn't warrant such a bizarre reaction.
As Tiny Buddha points out, another person's rude behavior it's rarely about you. Maybe it's a coping mechanism. Maybe they feel inadequate or defensive. Or hell, maybe someone else was rude and it rubbed off on them. Writer Avery Rogers explains the motive behind their own rude behavior:
When I became depressed, though, my temper shortened and I felt far more irritable.... I started to become rude and unkind myself. I lashed out at people, or, more commonly, gave them passive aggressive excuses for distancing myself from them. I even became prone to insulting people as a way of protecting myself if they didn't like me. I didn't make a conscious decision to be mean. I didn't wake up in the morning and think, “Today, I am going to hurt someone's feelings.” It just happened in the moment when I was feeling especially down on myself...When someone is rude for no reason, especially a stranger, it is rarely a personal assault, even if you accidentally did something to irritate them.
Advertisement
Rogers explains something I've always known but didn't really take to heart until I started trying to change my own behavior: you can't do anything about someone else's behavior, but you can choose how you react to it.
It seems hokey, but there's a lot of power in that idea.
Choose a Different Reaction
I live in a big city, which means I can encounter a hell of a lot of rudeness just going out for groceries. You get cut off in traffic. People steal your parking spots. They run into you with their shopping carts. The list goes on. Once, a whole series of these things happened to me, and during the drive home, when another car put on their blinker to get in my lane, I actually said out loud, “I'm not giving you an inch.”
Advertisement
In other words, I was being a total asshole. In that moment, I realized being surrounded by jerks during a simple trip to the grocery store had turned me into a defensive, rude jerk too. I also realized I had a choice. I could choose how I reacted to the series of rude interactions I'd had that day. In doing this, it helped to understand that their actions were totally separate from who I was as an individual.
It's tough to remember not to take things personally, but now I use my irritability as a trigger. When I notice bad behavior rubbing off on me, I try to do the opposite of what I want to do, which is to be defensive and rude. Instead, I go out of my way to be nice, even though I'm in a bad mood and I don't feel like it. So instead of not letting someone in my lane, I'll wave them over. Rather than assume someone is trying to cut in front of me in line, I'll offer to let them go in front of me if they have fewer items. At first, I did this just to break the cycle of rudeness. But I've noticed that it actually helps turn my mood around quite a bit.
Psychologist Elana Miller would probably approve of this method. In an article on the “Art of Not Being an Asshole,” they suggest:
Expecting everyone else to conform to your rules is a losing battle.We go around getting frustrated and frustrating other people. Sounds like a lot of unnecessary frustration to me. You could spend 100 pages writing down all the rules people should follow and it would still be missing the point, because it's the concept that's important, not all these individual rules. The concept is actually straight-forward: Be aware of yourself and your behavior, and avoid asshole-like actions.Be forgiving when someone else is an asshole, because they probably didn't mean it the way you think they did. This means spending less time paying attention to all the annoying things everyone else does and more time paying attention to all the annoying things YOU do.
Advertisement
Instead of reacting to someone else's actions, you take control over your own.
Be Assertive Without Being a Jerk
Some rude behavior is harder not to take personally, especially when it affects you in other ways. For example, let's say a coworker throws you under the bus. You're now on the hook for their mistake. It might not have been personal, but that comes at little comfort when your boss is upset with you and you were planning to ask for a raise soon.
Advertisement
Encountering rudeness can have a big impact on your performance, too.
In an article for the New York Times, researcher Christine Porath explained:
According to a survey of more than 4,500 doctors, nurses and other hospital personnel, 71 percent tied disruptive behavior, such as abusive, condescending or insulting personal conduct, to medical errors, and 27 percent tied such behavior to patient deaths. My studies with Amir Erez, a management professor at the University of Florida, show that people working in an environment characterized by incivility miss information that is right in front of them. They are no longer able to process it as well or as efficiently as they would otherwise. In one study, the experimenter belittled the peer group of the participants, who then performed 33 percent worse on anagram word puzzles and came up with 39 percent fewer creative ideas during a brainstorming task focused on how they might use a brick. In our second study, a stranger — a “busy professor” encountered en route to the experiment — was rude to participants by admonishing them for bothering them Their performance was 61 percent worse on word puzzles, and they produced 58 percent fewer ideas in the brick task than those who had not been treated rudely.
Advertisement
When dealing with issues like this, you still want to be aware of how you react, but simply being nice might not work. In fact, ignoring the problem with kindness could make things worse later. At the same time, being rude could cultivate an environment of rudeness, which would be counterproductive. If you're dealing with a social underminer or a bully at work, there are a few ways to be assertive without becoming a bully yourself:
Distance yourself : Keep your social media accounts private, ask your boss to move your desk, and/or avoid sharing any contact or information with them.
: Keep your social media accounts private, ask your boss to move your desk, and/or avoid sharing any contact or information with them. Confront them about their behavior : Be upfront about how you feel and address their behavior objectively. Most bullies will back down as soon as you call them out.
: Be upfront about how you feel and address their behavior objectively. Most bullies will back down as soon as you call them out. Tell someone who can help: If nothing else works, you may need to have a conversation with your human resources department.
Advertisement
All of these options are better than trying to get back at a coworker by turning into a jerk yourself. Some argue that jerks get ahead, but as Porath explains, the studies show otherwise, leading researchers to conclude that rude people get ahead despite their rudeness, not because of it.
Try a Few Mental Exercises
If you're having a hard time not letting someone else's rude behavior get to you, there are some mental tricks you can try:
Advertisement
Give Them a Mental Hug: Try to feel compassion with a rude person and understand why they might be behaving like a jerk. Giving them a hug, mentally, can help you empathize with their actions.
Try to feel compassion with a rude person and understand why they might be behaving like a jerk. Giving them a hug, mentally, can help you empathize with their actions. Acknowledge Your Emotions: When you're feeling angry or upset and reactive, sit with your feelings for a moment and identify them. Think objectively about what you're feeling. For example, instead of “that mean customer made me feel belittled,” I would just say, “I feel belittled.” This helps you keep the situation under control by separating your emotions and staying in the present.
When you're feeling angry or upset and reactive, sit with your feelings for a moment and identify them. Think objectively about what you're feeling. For example, instead of “that mean customer made me feel belittled,” I would just say, “I feel belittled.” This helps you keep the situation under control by separating your emotions and staying in the present. Find Your Inner Toddler: Try to “think big” and imagine that you're a toddler throwing a temper tantrum over ice cream. As an adult, you realize there are more important things in the world, because you have a bigger perspective. When I dealt with my own anger issues, a friend suggested reassuring that inner toddler, too. In the case of my rude customer, I'd say something to myself like, “Why did that make you mad? Because you don't feel smart sometimes? That's okay, we all feel that way occasionally.” Not only does this exercise acknowledge why you're angry in the first place, it makes you realize their rudeness really isn't that big of a deal for you as an adult.
Advertisement
It can be tough to avoid catching someone else's rudeness. Sometimes we don't even realize how much someone's behavior affects us, and we don't even realize we've become rude ourselves. With a little awareness of the situation and some self-reflection, it's easy enough to avoid becoming a jerk when you're surrounded by them. And on really tough days, a few mental tricks can pull you through.
And in some cases, a little distance can work wonders. Especially if you're used to being around people who are rude all the time, you might get to a point where you don't know any better. If all of your friends or coworkers are jerks, try spending time with new friends. Find a coworker who's not caught up in the office incivility. Get out of the big city once in awhile. Being around other people or less stressful environments can help you readjust your perspective.
Advertisement
This is part 23 of a tutorial series about hexagon maps. It is the first of a few tutorials that will cover how to generate maps procedurally.
This tutorial is made with Unity 2017.1.0.
Generating Maps
While we can manually create any map we like, this can take a lot of time. It would be convenient if our app could help a designer get started by generating a map for them, which they could them modify as desired. A step further is to do away with manual design entirely, fully relying on the app itself to generate a finished map for us. That would make it possible to play a game with a new map every time, ensuring that each new game session will be different. Not knowing the layout of the map you'll play on beforehand is essential when exploration is a big part of a game that's meant to be played more than once. To make all this possible, we have to create an algorithm for generating maps.
What kind of map-generating algorithm you need depends on the kind of maps that your app requires. There isn't a single best approach for this, but there will always be a trade-off between believability and playability.
Believability is about the player of a game accepting that a map is possible and real. This doesn't mean that maps have to appear like they're part of our planet. They could be for another planet or a completely different reality. But if it's supposed to represent earthen terrain, it should at least somewhat look the part.
Playability concerns whether maps support the gameplay experience that you're going for. It is often at odds with believability. For example, while mountain ranges might look great, they also logically severely limit the movement and vision of units. If that's not desired, you have to make do without mountains, which might lower believability and limits the expressiveness of your game. Alternatively, you could keep mountains but lessen their impact on gameplay, which might also lower believability.
Besides that, there's also feasibility. For example, you could produce a very realistic-looking earth-like planet by simulating plate tectonics, erosion, rainfall, volcanic eruptions, meteor impacts, lunar influence, and so on. But that will take a long time to develop. Also, generating such a planet might take a while, and players won't appreciate having to wait minutes before they can start a new game. So while simulation can be a powerful tool, it has a cost.
Games are full with trade-offs between believability, playability, and feasibility. Sometimes, these trade-offs go unnoticed, seem perfectly normal, or are arbitrary, inconsistent, or jarring, depending on the choices and priorities of whoever made the game. This isn't limited to map generation, but it's something that you have to be very aware of when developing a procedural map generator. You could end up spending a lot of time creating an algorithm that generates beautiful maps that are also useless for the game you're trying to make.
In this tutorial series we're going for earth-like terrain. It should look interesting, with a lot of variety, no large homogenous areas. The scale of the terrain will be large, with maps covering one or more continents, oceanic regions, or even an entire planet. We want to have reasonable control over the geography, including the landmass, climate, how many regions there are, and how rough the terrain is. This tutorial will lay the foundation for the landmass.
Starting in Edit Mode As we're going to focus on the map and not gameplay, it's convenient to directly start our app in edit mode. That way we'll immediately see the maps. So adjust HexMapEditor.Awake to set the edit mode to true and enable the edit mode shader keyword. Also adjust the default state of the edit toggle in the GUI. void Awake () { terrainMaterial.DisableKeyword("GRID_ON"); Shader.EnableKeyword("HEX_MAP_EDIT_MODE"); SetEditMode( true ); }
Map Generator Because procedural map generation requires quite a bit of code, we're not going to add that to HexGrid directly. Instead, we'll create a new HexMapGenerator component for it, keeping HexGrid unaware of it. This also makes it easier to switch to a different algorithm later, if you would like to. The generator requires a reference to the grid, so give it a public field for that. Besides that, add a public GenerateMap method that will do the algorithm's work. Give it the map dimensions as parameters, then have it use those to create a new empty map. using System.Collections.Generic; using UnityEngine; public class HexMapGenerator : MonoBehaviour { public HexGrid grid; public void GenerateMap (int x, int z) { grid.CreateMap(x, z); } } Add an object with the HexMapGenerator component to the scene and hook it up to the grid. Map generator object.
Adjusting the New Map Menu We'll adjust NewMapMenu so it can also generate maps, besides creating empty ones. We'll control what it does via a boolean generateMaps field, which is set to true by default. Create a public method to set this field, like the did for toggle options of HexMapEditor . Add a corresponding toggle to the menu UI and connect it to the method. bool generateMaps = true; public void ToggleMapGeneration (bool toggle) { generateMaps = toggle; } New map menu with toggle. Give the menu a reference to the map generator. Then have it invoke the generator's GenerateMap method instead of directly going for the grid's CreateMap , when appropriate. public HexMapGenerator mapGenerator; … void CreateMap (int x, int z) { if (generateMaps) { mapGenerator.GenerateMap(x, z); } else { hexGrid.CreateMap(x, z); } HexMapCamera.ValidatePosition(); Close(); } Hooked up to the generator.
Though they are some 3,000 miles apart, Pac-12 schools Stanford and Washington joined forces Thursday, carrying the conference torch as the NCAA men's golf regionals kicked off nationwide.
The Cardinal, led by Patrick Rodgers' 66, finished at 4-under for the day at Eugene Country Club in Oregon, taking a 4-shot lead over Oklahoma – and a ten-shot lead over third place South Carolina. It was a day of consistency for Stanford, with rounds of 71, 73, 69 and 70 to surround Rodgers.
Oregon, on its home course, struggled all day to find a rhythm, finishing at 9-over, led by Zach Foushee's 1-over 71.
[Related Coach Conrad Ray gets emotional after Stanford's team, individual Pac-12 titles]
Over in Raleigh, N.C., Washington – despite only playing 17 holes due to a weather stoppage – finds itself in a good spot, shooting 10-under and trailing Georgia Tech by 4 strokes – but comfortably ahead of South Alabama, who is 5 shots back. Trevor Simsby is 4-under through 15 for the Huskies, despite finishing the day with a bogey on the par-5 15th.
The rest of the first round will finish up Friday morning, with players returning to the course at 8:30 a.m. PT.
In Columbia, Mo., Arizona State finished at 3-over, but trails Oklahoma State – the overall leader – by 19 strokes, after the Cowboys finished a blistering 16-under-par. Max Rottluff led the Sun Devils with a 1-under 71.
[Related: NCAA men's golf regionals scores (GolfStatResults.com)]
Down south in Auburn, Ala., the Colorado Buffaloes are 9 shots off the leader in their division, finishing at 8-over. Yannik Paul led the Buffs with a 2-under 70. Colorado is in the hunt with a mix of teams, including host school Auburn, who currently sits at 6-over.
The region that struggled most overall came from the Sugar Grove regional in Illinois. The University of Alabama-Birmingham leads after day one, but find themselves 4-over, leading the Univeristy of Illinois by one stroke. The California Golden Bears struggled from the beginning, finishing at 17-over, with Brandon Hagy leading the way with a 1-over 73.
Rounding out the first day down in San Antonio, UCLA is just 9 strokes off the lead after finishing at 2-over – striking distance from leader Georgia, who were steady and deliberate, finishing at 7-under.
PG: So powerful people — like Oscar winners — can make diversity.
LN: I'm hardly a powerful person.
PG: If you say so. This reminds me of the contretemps at “The Daily Show” before Jon Stewart left — about the lack of diversity on the writing staff. Have you been working on that?
TN: When it comes to diversifying, I had never realized how ingrained people's mentality can be. It's not even conscious. When I was looking for new people to try on the show, the network sent out all their tentacles. And people sent in audition tapes. And 95 percent of them were white and male. I was like: Does nobody else want to be a part of this show? Does nobody else even want a job?
PG: What did you do?
TN: I said, “I want more diversity.” And they said, “But this is what we're getting.” So I said, “Then I will go out and look for it in the street.”
LN: However they were reaching out was not reaching into diverse communities.
TN: So I went to all the young comedians I knew — black, Hispanic, female, whatever — and I said, “Are you interested?” And they all said: “Are you crazy? Of course, I'm interested.” So I asked, “Why didn't you audition?” And they said, “We didn't know about it.” But they told me they'd sent it out to all the agents and managers. And they all went: “Oh, that's where you made the mistake. We can't get agents or managers.” We can say we want diversity, but there's this little roadblock that no one tells you about.
LN: The gatekeepers.
PG: The employer may not be racist, but the institution still is.
LN: We're at this interesting moment when prejudice is in the subconscious a lot of the time. Where prejudice occurs before you've even had a conscious thought. The laws have changed, but now the battle is with the mind. And that's much harder to get to.
Details of the Democratic Proposal
What the Treasury Plan Will Cost
Should Homeowners Be Bailed Out? Poll
Protect Your Portfolio: Money Guide
Video Roundup: Paulson's Tumultuous Year
Hanke and other economists see some similarities with Japan's decade-long economic malaise – combination of real estate asset bubble, banking crisis and misguided and expensive government intervention.
“A lot of the symptoms of the pain and adjustments will be exactly the same, “ says Hanke, now with the Cato Institute and Johns Hopkins University. “We've got some major adjustments coming in the economy, some major slowdowns.”
Depending on who you ask, that means anywhere between two to five years of no growth or slow growth, while the government rescue plan plays out along, the housing and real estate sectors stagger to recovery and the American consumer restores their own shaken balance sheet.
Opponents of the $700 billion plan see no payoff for the real economy. “This plan is not about housing, not unless you're talking about investment houses,” says FAO-Economics Chief Economist Robert Brusca. “This is not a plan aimed at reviving the economy. This is all about trickle down.”
For Investors
Even those who view the plan as necessary but insufficient see hard times ahead.
“The consumer needs repair, job layoffs are increasing, real wages are not increasing,” says money manager James Awad, managing director at Zephyr Management. “In the corporate sector, everybody's in a protect-your-balance–sheet-mode. Most corporate executives are going to think cash is king. Overseas economies are slowing, which means exports are going to be a bit slower. So, that leaves the government and the government is constrained by huge deficits.”
Are we there yet? Sorry, but no.
“This is the beginning of the adjustment and the Fed and Treasury intervention is slowing that down,” says economist Ram Bhagavatula, managing director at the hedge fund Combinatorics Capital. “It's not like this economy is ready to go if credit is cheap and flexible.”
“I think it is horrendous,” says former FDIC Chairman William Isaac. “There are less expensive ways to stabilize depositors if people are nervous.”
Isaac notes that there were some 3,000 bank and savings and loan failures between 1980-1991; depositors didn't panic “because they had confidence in the government,” says Isaac, now chairperson of the Secura Group of LECG.
Japan Vs. US Cases
Most economists say the Japanese government made the mistake of extending the country's financial problems by one form of intervention or the other – corporate aid packages, repeated stimulus packages with one-off tax rebates that consumers didn't spend and ever lower interest rates. The stock market sank and then languished for years.
Politicians are calling for increased congressional security. 2 pols say they'll be armed back home
Several lawmakers are already changing their security arrangements in wake of the shooting of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords (D-Ariz.), and at least two lawmakers say they'll now be packing firearms in public when they're in their home districts.
Both Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) and Rep. Heath Shuler (D-N.C.) told POLITICO they will be carrying their guns in their home districts for protection. Both lawmakers hold a concealer and carry permit, but will not carry their weapons in the District of Columbia.
Story Continued Below
Shuler, who received a serious death threat in 2009, says they are planning to carry their weapon more often and boost security at their district events. He's even encouraging their staffers to get their own concealer to carry permits.
“You never think something like this will happen, but then it does,” Shuler said “After the elections, I let my guard down. Now I know I need to have [my gun] on me. We're going to need to do a much better job of with security at these events.”
The Capitol Police are also reassessing lawmaker security both in Washington and around the country.
Chaffetz said he's also going to pursue whether U.S. Marshalls – who usually guard federal judges – could be expanded to guard members of Congress as well during district events.
“Perhaps they could better assess threats in the home district,” said Chaffetz, who praised the work of U.S. Capitol Police. “It certainly ought to be on the table.”
Chaffetz says they may ask local police officers to drop in on their town hall meetings more frequently.
Chaffetz recently contacted Capitol Police to investigate a man who was canvassing their Utah neighborhood, asking questions. Since yesterday, he's also received several threatening messages on their Twitter account, which he's asked the police to look into.
“It's unfortunate that these things happen, but if you've been in Congress any amount of time, you know we often get various threats,” they said.
Rep. Darrell Issa's (R-Calif.) district office is busy installing a touchable keypad in order to protect its district workers from unannounced visitors. Issa's office was the target of a bomb plot back in 2001. Issa, a California Republican, has since had a threat assessment conducted on their offices, according to their spokesperson Kurt Bardella.
“I think what you're going to see is a combination of the Sergeant at Arms and Capitol Police work with congressional leadership to do more threat assessments for district offices,” Bardella said.
The Betteridge law of headlines states that "any headline which ends in a question mark can be answered by the word no," but a Monday piece in the New York Times may be the rare exception. "Is it possible to be a male feminist?" asks writer (and self-described male feminist) Jake Flanagin. The answer to this question is yes. Possibly even, "Yes of course come on seriously?"
It's a fine enough question for a journalist to ask (think piece glass houses, etc.), but Flanagin's decision to focus on Hugo Schwyzer -- who was given several platforms to write about men and feminism while they spent their spare time attacking the personal, academic and professional lives of black feminists and other feminists of color -- is an odd one. As Jamil Smith noted on Twitter, if you want to have a conversation about men and feminism, why not talk to male feminists? Smith's point, I think, is to raise the issue of why we seem to have a lot of pieces questioning whether men can be feminists and very few that explore what happens after you answer that question in the affirmative. Aren't we even a little bit curious?
Advertisement:
The most compelling part of the Times piece comes in the very last paragraph, when writer Noah Berlatsky discusses the work that being a male feminist actually requires. "It's true that sometimes male feminists, myself not excluded, imagine we're brave allies, altruistically saving women by standing up for them," Berlatsky observes. "But dreams about men saving women are just another version of misogyny -- and, in this case in particular, totally backwards. Misogyny is a cage for everyone. When I call myself a male feminist, I'm not doing it because I think I'm going to save women. I'm doing it because I think it's important for men to acknowledge that as long as women aren't free, men won't be either.”
Berlatsky gets to something important about the nature of justice -- that it's a radically intertwined project. Contrary to the tired trope about "mothers, wives and daughters" that generally gets thrown around in arguments about why men should care about women's rights, men should be feminists because the lives of the women and girls they have never met and will never meet matter. Particularly in a culture that does not encourage men to cultivate or express empathy, this thing of giving a basic shit about people you don't know is itself a kind of radical act. But Berlatsky's point that "misogyny is a cage for everyone" also captures another reason that I think men can and should identify as feminists. Because of course men should be outraged at the violence experienced by women and girls and the systems that dehumanize them, but framing men's relationship to feminism exclusively as men's relationship to women's status in the world erases the fact that men are also harmed by patriarchy, toxic masculinity and entrenched cultural and institutional sexism.
The scale is aways going to be different, of course. I'd never try to argue otherwise. Cultural norms that hold women as mothers and caregivers above all else mean that women get paid less than their male colleagues for the same work, and that women disproportionately put their personal and career ambitions on hold in order to care for children and others. But these same norms also leave men questioning their masculinity or doubting their self-worth if they want to stay home with their children. These things aren't the same, but they both matter.
The same could be said about dominant narratives around sexual assault. Women and girls make up the majority of victims of sexual violence, but a culture that straight up says that teenage boys can't be raped makes it almost impossible for male survivors to come forward. Destructive ideas about sexual male entitlement are at the heart of rape culture and the reason that so many women and girls are victimized in their lifetimes, but they also feed into this idea that men always want sex, which makes men who have been victims of rape question whether or not what happened to them even counts as a crime. It took a really, really long time for this to even become a crime. These same norms also encourage men to have really warped relationships to desire and sexual satisfaction. This stuff hurts women the most because of the violence it engenders, but it hurts men, too.
There are plenty of important questions to ask about how men can be feminists without making themselves the center of the movement. About the work of listening and boosting versus erasing and derailing. About how men get lots of applause and accolades for doing very basic things -- like not violently abusing women. About how many men don't identify as feminists because they are deeply invested in upholding the systems -- like patriarchy and white supremacy -- that benefit them. And Berlatsky's point about the line between the male savior complex and being a legitimate force for positive social change is well made. But we can have all of these conversations while acknowledging that men who identify as feminists aren't just cheerleading for women -- they're fighting systems that tell them that being a good listener makes them a pussy, or that they shouldn't share their emotions, or that straight men can't have intimate friendships with other men, or that rape in prison is hilarious.
Feminism's relevance to everyone has been articulated and re-articulated throughout the history of the movement, and I was reminded of this again over the weekend when I read an interview with actor Mackenzie Davis, who said they couldn't understand why "feminism" feels like such a scary word to some people.
Advertisement:
"Feminism is rooted in racial rights and gender rights, and all of those things intersect, and to say that that's not something you can stand behind -- it confuses me," they told the Times. "I think it's a really great word."
So do plenty of men.
Police identified the children as Eliane Sassoon, 16; Rivkah Sassoon, 11; David Sassoon, 12; Yeshua Sassoon, 10; Moshe Sassoon, 8; Sara Sassoon, 6; Yaakob Sassoon, 5.
The children's mother, 45, and their 14-year-old daughter managed to escape the flames through a second-story window, police said.
The woman was taken to Jacobi Medical Center, while the teen was taken to Staten Island University Hospital, CBS2's Ilana Gold reported. Both suffered burns and smoke inhalation and are listed in critical condition, Nigro said.
PHOTOS: Brooklyn Fire Kills 7 Children | Funeral For Children Killed In Brooklyn Fire
Firefighters received a call at 12:23 a.m. about the blaze at a single-family home on Bedford Avenue between avenues M and L in Midwood, Brooklyn.
Neighbor Andrew Rosenblatt said they called 911 after they heard cries for help.
“I was up in the back room on the computer and I hear screaming from a child, ‘Mommy, mommy, help me'” Rosenblatt told CBS2's Matt Kozar. “It's devastating. You never expect it to happen so close.”
FDNY: 7 Children Killed In Brooklyn House Fire
Long said more than 100 firefighters responded and brought the blaze under control at around 1:30 a.m. Firefighters were on the scene less than 3.5 minutes after the call came in, according to Nigro.
The children were all trapped in their bedrooms in the back of the top floor, WCBS 880's Sophia Hall reported.
“It's difficult to find one child in a room during a search,” Nigro said. “To find a house full of children that can't be revived, I'm sure it will take its toll on our members for quite some time.”
The first and second floors of the home were completely destroyed, 1010 WINS' Derricke Dennis reported.
“It's a tragedy for this family, it's a tragedy for this community, it's a tragedy for our city,” Nigro said.
Concession to studio allowed them to keep sequel on film, and not digital
J.J. Abrams knows what they like. And while many movies are now being shot digitally, they want to stick to celluloid film.
Even if that means converting “Star Trek 2” into 3-D.
Abrams said they were against shooting the sequel in 3-D because they didn't want to use digital cameras, which would be required for shooting a film in 3-D. They also are against a 3-D post-production conversion because, well, those films don't look that great after the fact.
But some of the post-production crews at Paramount Pictures showed Abrams what a 3-D conversion could look like, using scenes from their 2009 “Star Trek” film, and the director said it changed their mind.
“That was the thing which made me think it would be OK,” Abrams told reporters at the recent Television Critics Association Press Tour. They were there promoting their new Fox series “Alcatraz.”
“I wanted it to match the look of the first and shoot it anamorphically,” they said. “Then I saw the first movie converted: It was actually really cool. So I was OK with [converting ‘Star Trek 2' to 3-D] as long as I could shoot it the way I wanted to.”
Of course, that begs the question: Is Paramount planning a post-conversion 3-D edition of the 2009 film?
Filming in 3-D got real hot over the past few years, thanks to the huge box office take from films like “Avatar,” and the fact that movie theaters can charge a premium on tickets for 3-D films. However, 3-D has not done so well lately, suggesting that the movement may be more of a fad than a movement.
Morgan Stanley reported late last year that 3-D films are generating just 43 percent of revenue per title, compared to 54 percent in 2010. Yet, sales of 3-D tickets accounted for just 18 percent of the box office in 2011, but that's expected to rebound to 20 percent this year according to some analysts.
Proponents of 3-D point out, however, that when you put 3-D on large release movies, the returns are extraordinary. So if “Star Trek 2” generates anywhere near the business as the first film in 2009, Paramount will certainly have nothing to lose by converting “Star Trek 2” into 3-D in post-production.
Dramatic README recitations need not apply. Talks that can be summarized as an 'Intro to [Tool]' are often lazily conceived, poorly designed, and delivered mechanically. Great talks, meanwhile, dive deeper and are eager to explore fundamental issues, even if they use a tool as the catalyst for discussion. Oh, and just go submit a JavaScript talk to Codemash.
Conferences are a special opportunity for speakers to make meaningful connections with audiences. A great talk challenges our preconceptions. It excites and entertains us. It conveys advice by resonating with some experience that anyone can relate to. A great talk is comfortable with exploring subtle aspects of a complex issue without suggesting that complexity itself is a malady to be cured.
Most technical talks, however, lack all of those qualities. They tell audiences that some new tool can transform hard problems into easy ones. (A "tool" in this sense could be a language, a library, an application framework, or even a human process.) They eschew nuance or depth in favor of surface-level summaries of said tool's features. Most hour-long talks barely convey more information than what a reasonably engaged person would learn from readily-accessible documentation in the same amount of time.
a conference worth of content
I'm about to undertake the task of reviewing submissions to the JavaScript track at Codemash. Right now, that means I'm hoping to help find 18 talks that I would want to attend. Calling eighteen talks a "track" seems euphemistic at times; I'm tending to think of it as a conference-within-a-conference. My goal is to line up a series of talks that will empower attendees to skate to where the puck is going to be in front-end web development, by covering four bases:
Timeless aspects of writing software that are always relevant, applied to the technologies we tend to find ourselves working with today Near-term trends and innovations that people can grapple with or adopt today in hopes of being well-positioned tomorrow Medium-term rumblings from ongoing conversations in communities and standards groups to address the intractable problems of today. Nuanced discussion of issues like these is an opportunity both to analyze the nature of today's hard problems and to provide informed speculation as to the sort of solutions that may soon emerge Long-term visions of the future that contextualize today's fashions within the broader strokes of computing history and upon which we can find inspiration to play and experiment with bold, new ideas that we otherwise wouldn't make time for
I expect that most talks will fall into the first two categories (as they're the most abundant and immediately relevant), but I'm working hard to secure a few high-quality talks in the third and fourth categories, as well.
design and delivery are intertwined
It's tempting when discussing this topic to try to separate the approach of a talk (its "design") from its in-person execution (its "delivery"), because shortcomings in a talk's design often appear to be overcome by exceptional delivery.
The sentiment, "well sure, it's a surface-level summary talk, but it will be fantastically delivered," seems to be a common one. I'd maintain that such a talk is only marginally more successful than it would have been if presented poorly. Obvious information is no less obvious when papered over by an entertaining presentation.
Similarly, a talk with a groundbreaking, earth-shatteringly important design cannot be saved from a dry, boring, or poorly-prepared delivery. It's almost impossible to weed this out by reading an abstract, so don't be surprised if I reach out to you directly to try to gauge your commitment to deliver something that's truly worth attendees' time.
problematic assumptions
Conference talks that fail to meet their potential often exhibit one of these tendencies:
Assumes a broad survey of all a tool's features is the most appropriate (or digestible) format for novice attendees
Is designed as if the talk's value is equivalent to the sum of information it contains
Avoids the discomfort of engaging with complex topics by way of rhetorical flourishes or hand-waving. By making complex things seem simple, they might succeed to inspire an audience only to set them up for disappointment upon being reacquainted with reality
Associates depth and nuance with "advanced" talks, as if digging into the rationale that informs a given topic is somehow not as valuable to novices
Seeks to satiate the curiosities of attendees as opposed to equipping them with what they need to embark on a journey of their own
If you plan on submitting a talk to a technical conference, first ask yourself if your topic is at risk of one of the above problems. Feel free to contact me if you would like my feedback!
tool obsession
Underlying the specific problems inherent to many "tool talks" is a broader issue: they far outnumber everything else! This, in spite of the fact that non-tool talks are arguably more valuable and durable, because typically they seek to address a universal aspect of the practice of understanding, writing, or maintaining software. So why are they dwarfed by talks about tools?
First, tool talks are easier to conceptualize. One could easily think, "well, I started using Angular.js lately and that's been going great so I'll submit a talk to tell people about Angular." Often a better—if less intuitive—talk might be hiding amid the very same sentiment. The same person might have more thoughtfully arrived at, "boy, we kept arriving at hard-to-test JavaScript code, but Angular's dependency injection sure helped; I should submit a talk about testability in JavaScript and why Angular worked for us!"
Second, tool talks require less gumption to execute well. After all, if a talk's purpose is to present facts about a tool, those can be both found and validated easily. If a talk promotes a new way to design code, then a great deal more experience, preparation, and confidence are necessary.
Finally, tool talks are often what attendees say they want. Imagine a survey: what's more likely, (a) that an attendee will check a box indicating interest in a talk about Ember or (b) that they'll scribble in the margin a story about how their app is struggling to weigh the convenience of view-model data binding against the performance impact it's having on their user interface? The answer is obvious.
Rather than give attendees what they expect, I'd rather give them something truly great. And a skin-deep introduction of a library or framework, particularly when stripped of the context that inspired it, almost never makes for a great talk.
connecting with a great talk
Enough complaining about what holds so many talks back—what sets great talks apart? A great talk:
Excites audiences by being designed carefully and delivered with energy
Clothes information in entertainment, even at the expense of cramming in more content. Well-executed humor can effectively dissolve insecurity & doubt
Commiserates when necessary by being open and honest about the perennially hard problems that developers might face with respect to a given topic. Sometimes it's hard to take a prescription seriously until it's clear that the person giving it has lived with your pain
Paints a picture when words aren't enough. There have literally been books written on the merits and pitfalls of presentation slides, but there is no doubt that well-crafted visual aides make it easier to quickly understand and permanently retain the speaker's message
The common thread running through all of these things is that a great talk establishes a meaningful connection between the speaker and the attendee.
What are you doing still reading this? Go submit the next great technical talk! And if it's not September 7th, 2013, yet, submit it to Codemash.
To help spread the word to a wider audience, please consider up-voting this post on HN and Reddit.
It's all starting to get a bit embarrassing. In the press conferences following the early rounds of negotiations, Michel Barnier used to make a point of making most of their remarks in English to make things easier for David Davis. But at the sixth time of asking he's clearly decided there isn't any language that Davis properly understands, so they might as well suit themselves and speak in their native French.
Barnier bashed their head against the lectern. They aren't sure how much plainer they could be. What bit of “sincere and real progress” did the British Brexit secretary not understand? They tried again. This time speaking a bit slower. As they would to a not-very-bright six-year-old.
If Britain wanted to move on to the next phase of talks, it had to come up with something better than making progress towards making progress, they said. The EU wasn't asking for, nor would be making, any concessions. It was all a matter of legal certainty. And while some work had been done – with a little help, Davis was now often able to locate the border between Northern Ireland and Ireland on a map – there was still much more that needed to be done.
When they moved on to the financial contributions, Barnier couldn't resist a little smirk. He'd had tougher negotiations with their kids over how much TV they could watch than they had with the British contingent. Their kids would never have limited their options so catastrophically by triggering article 50 before they knew what they wanted as an outcome.
“The UK decided to leave the EU more than 500 days ago and...” they said, their voice tailing off. And next to nothing had happened since. The clock was ticking for the UK, not the EU. Britain would be leaving the EU on 29 March 2019 and it could either do so in an orderly manner by making an effort to get to grips with the situation, or fall out chaotically without a deal.
Brexit talks: where are the negotiations up to? Read more
Davis – almost certainly unintentionally – gave every impression that a chaotic no deal was precisely their preferred option. They began by talking about the “new dynamic” of the negotiations since the prime minister's Florence speech. New dynamic as in slower dynamic. The monthly talks usually last four days; this round had been reduced to two days since everyone realised it would be a waste of time to spend any longer getting nowhere
On the substantive issues, Davis appeared equally lost. They still haven't grasped the logic of Northern Ireland needing to remain in the single market and the customs union to prevent the need for a hard border and they also appear not to understand the fundamental imbalance of power within the negotiations. As for the financial settlement, “substantial technical progress” had been made. Britain had finally agreed the currency. If not the amount. “We've listened carefully and responded,” they said. Barnier appeared bewildered by that.
Questions from the media only underlined how little progress had been made. Was it true there was no chance of the European council agreeing to move the talks on to the next stage unless Britain put a whole load more cash on the table within the next two weeks, a German reporter asked. Barnier paused. There was a time when they might have been inclined to dodge that question to give the Brits a bit of slack, but now they were right out of patience. Davis would just have to suck it up. “Je pense que oui,” they said. (“I think so.”)
Even Dopey Dave understood that. There were just two weeks to try to save Brexit. They looked around for help, before it dawned on them that they were the person on whom the country was counting. They mumbled something about being willing and able, while sounding anything but. Their expression was of a man who had only just realised they were completely out of their depth. Defeat oozed out of every pore. The Brexiter for whom hubris beckoned unless the Maybot was suddenly willing to hand over €60bn.
The sense of deadlocked resignation spilled out into the room as Barnier went on to say they had barely scratched the surface of the negotiations. We were still a long way off the end of the beginning. They were then asked if they thought Theresa May would still be in power by the end of the year, let alone by the end of the negotiations. Barnier declined to comment though they didn't appear to care much either way. Or to offer much hope for them survival.
“We're making progress,” Davis insisted as they were led away by their childminder. One day they would say it and it might be true. But not today. Or probably any time soon.
John Crace's new book, I, Maybot, is published by Guardian Faber. To order a copy for £6.99, saving £3,go to guardianbookshop.com or call 0330 333 6846. Free UK p&p over £10, online orders only. Phone orders min. p&p of £1.99.
Share
When it comes to the worldwide smartphone operating system (OS) market, Android and iOS are together, but not the same. Google and Apple's mobile operating systems are, to no one's surprise, completely dominating the world, shipping on a combined 96.3 percent of smartphone units in 2014, according to a new report from International Data Corporation (IDC).
Android powered 1.1 billion shipped smartphone units in the calendar year 2014, up 32.0 percent from the 802.2 million units shipping with Google's mobile OS in 2013. This gave Android 81.5 percent of the global market, up from 78.7 percent last year.
IDC notes that Samsung remained the top original equipment manufacturer (OEM) of Android-powered phones, shipping more units than the next five vendors combined. “At the same time, Samsung's total volumes for the year remained essentially flat while Asian vendors including Huawei, Lenovo (including Motorola), LG Electronics, Xiaomi, and ZTE fueled the most growth for Google's platform,” according to the report.
Apple's iOS powered 192.7 million shipped smartphone units in 2014, up 25.6 percent from the 153.4 million units shipped in 2013. This gave iOS a 14.8 percent market share, down slightly from its 15.1 percent share in 2013.
“Many of the same drivers were in play for Android and iOS to tighten their grip on the market,” said Ramon Llamas, Research Manager with IDC's mobile phone team. “A combination of strong end-user demand, refreshed product portfolios, and the availability of low-cost devices — particularly for Android — drove volumes higher.”
Microsoft's Windows Phone mobile OS finished 2014 with a 2.7 percent market share, down from 3.3 percent in 2013. Meanwhile, BlackBerry (the only OS to see a year-over-year decline in units shipped) claimed 0.4 percent of the worldwide smartphone OS market, down from 1.9 percent in the prior year.
Earlier this year, Strategy Analytics reported that more than 1 billion smartphones running Android were shipped in 2014, corroborating IDC's data.
Insisting that their scheduled showdown inside the roofed Hell in a Cell steel cage was “too tame,” professional wrestlers Sasha Banks and Charlotte are now due to battle in a no-rope-barbed-wire-light-tubes-fans-bring-the-weapons deathmatch.
Although they are known for their athleticism and technical wrestling prowess, both Sasha and Charlotte began their careers doing “hardcore” or “garbage” wrestling, predominantly in IWA-Mid South, Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW), and Big Japan Pro Wrestling.
More from Kayfabe News
Charlotte's gory 10,000-thumbtacks-barefoot-exploding-bombs deathmatch against Jun Kasai is legendary for its depravity, while Sasha became notorious for surviving a 25-foot “roof bump” through flaming tables at the hands of Zandig.
Long before their WWE debuts, Charlotte and Sasha even faced each other in the semifinals of the CZW Ultraviolent Tournament of Death, which was stopped due to extreme blood loss after Sasha powerbombed Charlotte onto a pile of cacti and syringes.
Fans should expect to see much bloodshed and torn flesh when the duo square off yesterday, and ringside fans should avoid getting too close, since both Sasha and Charlotte contracted hepatitis during their bloody battles with Abdullah the Butcher.
Here are Charlotte and Sasha wrestling each other in Japan, when they both had slightly different looks:
Story highlights Senators passed bill that would let 9/11 victims and families to sue Saudi Arabia for its alleged involvement in the attacks
The White House opposes the legislation
Washington (CNN) In a rebuke to the White House, the Senate approved a bill Tuesday to allow victims and families of the 9/11 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia for its alleged involvement in the terrorist strikes.
The bill, which the White House opposes, House Speaker Paul Ryan expressed concerns about, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell was slow to embrace, had stalled for months. It now heads to the House.
But in the end, the bill's authors -- John Cornyn of Texas, the second ranking Senate Republican, and Chuck Schumer of New York, the third-ranking Senate Democrat -- were able to pass the bill on a voice vote, a rare feat in the divided chamber, especially for a controversial issue.
White House press secretary Josh Earnest renewed the threat that President Barack Obama will veto the bill.
"Yes, as I think I've mentioned before it's given the concerns we've expressed it's difficult to imagine the President signing this legislation and that continues to be true," Earnest told reporters.
Read More
AIB lost €2 for every €1 it raised from the sale of a repossessed home last year, the Irish Independent has learned.
AIB lost €2 for every €1 it raised from the sale of a repossessed home last year, the Irish Independent has learned.
The bank repossessed 60 residential properties last year, selling on 17 of them – but it lost €4m in the sales.
Detailed accounts filed by its mortgage unit include never-before-seen details about the state of the bank's mortgage lending up to the beginning of this year.
It includes the fact that AIB raised €2m by selling 17 repossessed properties last year, which amounted to just a third of the debt owed on the homes.
As a result the bank was left nursing losses of €4m on the sales. The worst losses were on the so called buy-to-lets.
The bank took a €3m hit when it sold nine properties secured by buy-to-let mortgages for a combined total that amounted to just a quarter of the €4m owed on the properties. It fared better from the sale of "owner-occupied" homes. Sales of eight repossessed family homes raised €1m, exactly half the debt owed.
ARREARS
Losses from the sale of repossessed homes had been slightly lower in 2011.
Of the 60 homes repossessed by AIB last year, 37 were secured by so called "buy-to-let" mortgages and the rest were "owner-occupied" family homes.
The total number of homes repossessed was up from 16 the previous year but is just a tiny fraction of the bank's total "book" of 153,000 mortgages.
The number of repossessions looked certain to rise sharply when AIB chief executive David Duffy warned borrowers in arrears there was "no rent-free option" and said the bank had started issuing thousands of legal letters to those furthest behind on repayments.
It suggested the beginning of a surge in repossessions. However, news the bank has suffered big losses when it has managed to take control of homes indicates the surge could be far less than many analysts are predicting.
The details are contained in the 2012 financial accounts for AIB Mortgage Bank. It is part of AIB Group but has its own banking license and files separate accounts with the Companies Office to the main stock market listed parent.
The Mortgage Bank's core function is to borrow on the bond markets for AIB using its stock of home loans as collateral. The need to attract those lenders means its accounts contain very detailed breakdowns about the home loans – including the figures on repossessions.
The accounts also show that 46pc of owner-occupied homes and two-thirds of "buy-to-lets" were in negative equity at the end of last year. Those numbers mean AIB could expect to take a major financial hit if it repossesses more homes.
That tallies with a warning from ratings agency Fitch earlier this month. It said repossessions will be the final resort for banks, because negative equity means lenders may not want to crystallise losses.
Irish Independent
Introduction
In this follow-up to the pick-a-flagship shootout from the weekend we take a close look at the HTC U11 - the prominent absentee in that three-way contest. And since we couldn't gather them all on the same continent at the same time, it will be just the HTC U11 vs. the Samsung Galaxy S8, represented in this case by its plus-sized version. We'll be keeping it brief, though - just the image quality. You'll need to wait a little for the in-depth review of the U11 for the other stuff.
It's not without sound reasoning, this particular comparison - looking at the numbers, the HTC U11's camera has a lot in common with the one Samsung fits in its top models. A 12MP sensor with 1.4µm pixels and f/1.7 aperture lens with optical stabilization used to very precisely identify the Galaxy S7 and S8's primary shooters, but no more - the U11's specsheet reads the same.
HTC calls its focusing tech UltraSpeed Autofocus and by the looks of it that's also shared with the Galaxies, where Samsung goes with the Dual Pixel moniker. Basically, there's a phase detection agent at every pixel, instead of a small number of those scattered around the frame - the result is you get super fast and accurate autofocus on the U11.
We have the key specs of the two phones summarized in the following table for quick reference, but you can always head over to the full-fledged comparison page for more details.
HTC U11 Samsung Galaxy S8 Dimensions 153.9 x 75.9 x 7.9mm, 169g 159.5 x 73.4 x 8.1mm, 173g Waterproofing IP67 IP68 Screen 5.5" Super LCD5 1,440 x 2,560px (534ppi) 6.2" sAMOLED 1,440 x 2,960px (529ppi), HDR10 Chipset Snapdragon 835 (10nm) Snapdragon 835 (10nm), Exynos 8895 (10nm) Memory 4/6GB RAM, 64/128GB storage, microSD 4GB RAM, 64GB storage, microSD Still camera 12MP (f/1.7 DPAF) 12MP (f/1.7 DPAF) Video camera 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30fps/120fps 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30fps/60fps, 720p@240fps Selfie camera 16MP (f/2.0), 1080p@30fps 8MP (f/1.7, AF), 1440p@30fps Loudspeaker Earpiece as tweeter, woofer on the bottom Mono, on the bottom Battery 3,000mAh 3,500mAh Charging Quick Charge 3.0 Quick Charge 2.0 (wired), Qi/PMA (wireless) Biometrics Fingerprint Iris scanner, fingerprint
Yes, the HTC U11 has an extra LED for its flash - Samsung's been keeping it simple in this area with just the one LED, but other than that these handsets are about as evenly matched in the imaging department as they come. Okay, maybe not the front-facing camera, where the U11's selfie snapper offers twice the number of pixels of the S8+ (16MP vs. 8MP), albeit with a smaller aperture (f/2.0 vs. f/1.7).
Anyway, join us on the next page for a healthy dose of head-to-head pixel-peeping - our favorite.
Many people think it would be nicer if people were to give more money to non-profits, especially effective ones. However, for most people, it doesn't even occur to them that they're giving a large share of their salary to charity is something that people actually can do, or that people are doing on a regular basis.
Being public with one's pledge to donate not only spreads information about how easy it is to fight global poverty with a serious commitment, but that such commitments are the kind of thing that people can actually take. By being public with these pledges, we can actually inspire people to give, where they otherwise wouldn't.
But how did people get stuck in a rut? Why doesn't giving money come naturally? And how would public declarations help dig people out of this rut?
The Bystander Effect and The Assumption of Self-Interest
First, to understand how to get people to give we have to understand why they currently do not. There are a number of reasons, but one of the most prevalent is what's called the bystander effect. While this effect is widely known in groups failing to respond to disasters right in front of their faces, it's magnified when the disaster is global poverty a continent or two away. We think that because other people around us are not giving, it must also not be our responsibility, and we sure wouldn't want to be suckered into helping when no one else is doing their fair share.
Ever since Thomas Hobbes's The Leviathan, seeing human nature in terms of selfishness has been common, and persists to this day[1,2] as a strong and occasionally self-reinforcing belief[3,4]. People think of monetary incentives as being the most effective incentive for encouraging blood donations[5], even when this turns out to not be the case[6]. People greatly over-estimate the amount people will support a policy that favors them over other people[5]. As noted by Alexis de Tocqueville in 1835, "Americans enjoy explaining almost every act of their lives on the principle of self-interest"[7].
This leads us to a natural assumption that donating to charity is irrational... or, at least, other people aren't doing it, so neither should I. However, this norm of self-interest is largely a myth, and people seem to do better than most people expect.
Challenging the Self-Interest Norm
This means the self-interest norm has to be challenged, and if it is challenged, we can expect people to revise their selfish-based theory of human nature and turn to more selfless acts like charitable giving. If we're interested in getting people to donate more than what they already do, we need to open people up to the idea that charitable giving cannot only be virtuous but expected, and can be done not only at the typical rate of 1%, but at rates of 10% or much higher[8]. We also should challenge the norm that charity should be silent and not spoken about, and instead mention it openly and proudly[9].
People tend to conform, both intentionally and unintentionally, adopting the actions of others[4], and end up unwilling to adopt contrary actions unless other people are also going along with them. If peer pressure can make high schoolers turn to drug use, alcohol drinking, cigarette smoking, or even drop out of high school[10], surely it can stop people from giving.
For example, take the famous Asch Conformity Experiments. Here, people were in a group and asked to look at a line and compare its length to three other lines on another card, and state which line matches the height of the first line. The task is enormously simple, but is complicated by being in a group of several other people, all in on the experiment, all who give the identical wrong answer.
Asch found that many people would conform to this wrong answer, even against their better judgement. However, by adding another subject to this experiment who would give the correct answer, the tendency to conform would drop dramatically, even though the correct answer is still in the minority. Take away the partner, even halfway through the experiment with the same subject, and conformity shoots back up.
However, allowing people an escape from this norm can lead them to be able to increase their charitable donations. In one field experiment, a radio station would mention to potential donors whenever a previous donor had donated $300, and they found that this increased donations by $13 more per person over the control condition, and these donors were also more likely to renew their memberships and donate more the next year compared to those in the control condition[11].
In a separate field experiment, donors gave more to a radio station when prompted with an amount that was higher than their previous contribution[12]. Lastly, a third field experiment found that student donors were more likely to give to funds for students when told that 64% of other students had donated than when they were told that 46% of other students had donated[13].
Overall, people are moved by seeing what others do, and can be tilted away from self-destructive norms by seeing other people go against the flow. An organization like Giving What We Can making a public stand for giving can accomplish just that. Make your giving public, and it should multiply as you inspire others.
Motivations and Fights for Status
Reflecting on the need to push up the norm to accurately reflect the giving nature of society, it seems like the pushback to privatize giving is harmful. And I think it is. But why does it come about in the first place? Robert Wiblin speculates that being public about giving calls your motivations into question. If you're only motivated by compassion for those in need, why do you need to boast?
Well, of course, there's an interest in raising the norm. But let's assume that giving was really just a giant fight for status... would that be so bad? All else being equal, I prefer pure intention to that of giving just to prove to others, but competing for status via donation oneupmanship is considerably more useful than competing for status via bigger houses, bigger cars, and bigger flatscreen TVs.
Or rather, people still end up competing over their charitable contributions, but it comes in the forms of significantly less-effective (though still arguably worthwhile) charitable competition, like volunteering, building schools, or adopting African children. If, instead, we normalized people giving checks, at least more people could be helped while the status fight goes on.
Conclusion
Many people want to leave the world in a better place than they found it, perhaps even going as far as wanting to do the best they can. To these people, I hope that the idea of donation, especially to effective causes in potentially large amounts ends up appealing. But if this cool idea is seen as "boastful", it won't catch on, and won't get the publicity (I think) it deserves.
Moreover, people won't be able to network together and share information about more cost-effective charities or the latest trends in development economics, because everyone will be keeping it to themselves, ending up being collectively self-defeating.
We seem forced by society to pretend to be self-interested, because we're asked to not talk about our acts of kindness. But this only goes to re-enforce the deadly cycle. The only way to push ourselves out of this cycle is to demonstrate that some people do donate and push up this norm. And groups like GivingWhatWeCan, 80000 Hours, and BolderGiving are working on doing just that.
Personally, I'd have to agree that this works -- I'm inspired by these stories, and I don't think I would ever be donating 10%+ without a group that makes it seem like a completely normal and awesome thing to do.
So is talking about donations too boastful? I think, for the sake of those the donations help, we can afford a little boasting in this one area.
References and Notes
(Note: Most of these links open to PDFs.)
-
SYDNEY, Australia — Former Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser was quoted today as saying they had been drugged and robbed of their passport, wallet, suitcase and trousers in a motel in Memphis, Tenn.
They were responding to a U.S. report that said Fraser, prime minister from 1972 to 1983, had appeared in the lobby of the Admiral Benbow Inn wearing only a shirt, tie and a towel wrapped around their waist.
The Memphis Commercial Appeal said Fraser borrowed a pair of pants from a bellman before departing in a taxi.
Memphis police said they had no report of the incident.
The Sydney Morning Herald today quoted Fraser in an interview from their farm near Melbourne as saying the incident occurred Oct. 14 after they had made a speech to the Economic Club of Memphis on "Can the Western Alliance Maintain Peace?"
Fraser told the Sydney newspaper they could not remember the events of the night in detail. They said they went to another hotel, the Peabody, after the Economic Club dinner ended at about 9 p.m. and could remember little more.
Researchers have developed a sophisticated new probe that detects HIV's hiding places inside and outside of cells. “It's a fantastic new technique that's going to allow us to visualize the virus in tissues like we've never been able to before,” says immunologist Richard Koup, deputy director of the Vaccine Research Center at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) in Bethesda, Maryland, who was not involved in the research. Insights from this high-powered molecular microscope, revealed at an international AIDS conference last week, may clarify critical questions about HIV persistence and, ultimately, about how to rid the body of the virus.
To date, assessments of HIV in tissue—known as in situ analysis—have been hampered by one major difficulty. The most common probes, which use fluorescent markers or radioactive labels to pinpoint the virus's location in a tissue sample, sometimes have difficulty distinguishing the target—HIV RNA and DNA—from surrounding cellular components. In essence, a marker can mislabel cell tissue as the virus, creating background noise that throws off the analysis. The new technique has “very little noise,” says immunologist Jake Estes of the Frederick National Laboratory of the National Cancer Institute (a sister of NIAID) in Frederick, Maryland, who used it to produce highly detailed images of the AIDS virus in various monkey tissues (above) that they presented at the conference.
Estes developed the technique in collaboration with Advanced Cell Diagnostics of Hayward, California, by modifying the company's already existing RNAscope product to detect HIV RNA, DNA or both at the same time. RNA and DNA are made of nucleotides that pair with a complement—guanine, for example, binds to cytosine. Traditional methods for mapping HIV genetic material use long strings of these nucleotides, called oligomers, to find and bind to complementary strands of DNA or RNA in sample tissues. These oligomers are labeled with a marker so they send a signal when they hit their target, allowing researchers to create an image of precisely where the viral genetic material is dispersed throughout the tissue sample. But oligomers are large and somewhat clumsy molecules, and they occasionally bind to cellular components other than the target sequence.
Estes's new technique, in contrast, uses a more complex probe system that all but eliminates those kinds of errors. In essence, the approach chops an oligomer in two and sends both halves out to find the target sequence. Their markers light up if an additional oligomer that bridges the two halves binds to both, which only occurs when they park next door to each other on the target. The probability is extremely low that the two probes would land next to each other on anything other than HIV.
HIV is an RNA virus, but it also converts to a DNA form that allows it to weave its genes into a human chromosome. Estes, who works with virologist Jeffrey Lifson, has also developed a DNAscope to visualize this HIV DNA—called the provirus—which becomes integrated into human cells and can persist for decades without being attacked by the immune system or antiretroviral (ARV) drugs. “Reservoirs” of infected cells that hold latent provirus are a key reason why powerful combinations of ARVs cannot eliminate infections and cure people.
Estes, Lifson, and co-workers infected monkeys with the simian version of the AIDS virus and then analyzed tissues from many parts of their bodies. Their RNAscope and DNAscope were able to distinguish cells that harbor the provirus, viral RNA, or even viruses outside of cells much more clearly than any previous in situ technique. “We're convinced that we can see individual virions and that this has exquisite sensitivity and specificity,” Estes says. To double-check their work, they counted HIV virions by eye in one of their new images, and then compared their count to a validated measure of viral levels. “We see a beautiful correlation,” Estes says.
HIV/AIDS researchers working to cure the infection face several obstacles that these new scopes could help overcome. One is the lack of detectable virus in the blood plasma of patients on effective ARV therapy, which makes it difficult for researchers to assess whether an intervention aimed at curing the infection is working. Several techniques exist to measure changes in reservoirs, but each has shortcomings that the new scopes might be able to supplement. Another obstacle is not knowing precisely where in the body the provirus prefers to hide. If the new probes can help solve this longstanding riddle, they could refine attempts to shrink viral reservoirs. “If we can go in and see what happens to the virus in these different tissues with this sort of sensitivity and specificity, it's going to answer a lot of questions,” NIAID's Koup says.
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) -- A health insurer whose TV commercials promised ''peace of mind'' for just $5 a day must stop running the national ads and pay a fine of $700,000 after New York officials accused it of leaving patients only with huge hospital bills.
The American Medical and Life Insurance Co., advertising through an intermediary called Cinergy, marketed health insurance as a lower cost option for the uninsured and underinsured. It was pitched as costing just $5 a day, or the cost of a hamburger or pack of cigarettes.
In one ad, the narrator said the insurance is available ''regardless of any pre-existing conditions,'' while the print on the screen stated ''most pre-existing conditions accepted'' and the fine print stated there is a six-month waiting period.
Acting Insurance Superintendent Kermitt J. Brooks said Wednesday that the cases uncovered in New York's two-year investigation included a Rochester woman who had $419 a month charged to their credit card for the insurance, only to have the company cover just $1,164 of their $28,000 hospitalization. A 36-year-old New Yorker who had a stroke found their policy covered just $250, leaving them with a bill for $29,917.
In both cases, the company paid off the balances after the state intervened.
''Many New Yorkers are desperate for affordable health insurance,'' said Gov. David Paterson. ''Unfortunately, some businesses are taking advantage of that need to sell limited health insurance in ways that mislead consumers into believing they are getting full coverage. ''
As part of a settlement announced Wednesday, the state Insurance Department forced the company to agree to halt the nationwide ads. American Medical and Life Insurance Co. is based in New York City and sells policies in 38 states and the District of Columbia. The company sold about 12,000 policies in New York, about 5,000 of which have lapsed, and about 38,000 nationwide.
The state is also prohibiting the company from selling its partial coverage policies in New York, in part because state officials said the company failed to fully disclose the extent of coverage or use licensed agents as required.
A company spokesperson didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
A second unidentified company has agreed to suspend sales of its nationally marketed policies while the state investigates its practices.
Fredericton's busiest intersection will be closed for three months next summer as the city plans to upgrade its aging infrastructure and add more lanes.
"The infrastructure is at the end of its life, so this is a chance to get back in there and renew the infrastructure," said city traffic engineer Jon Lewis.
The city is in the planning stages of that work.
The construction will include work on the bridge over Route 8. The city also hopes to put double left turn lanes from Regent Street onto Prospect as well as double left turn lanes from the Vanier Highway on to Regent Street.
The construction is set to take three months, from June 1 to Sept. 1. During that time the intersection will be completely closed.
"We're using all the accelerated construction methods that we can in order to get this done as quickly as possible," said Lewis.
Lewis said they expect traffic to increase along Knowledge Park Drive, Bishop Drive, Hanwell Road and the new Smythe Street roundabout.
"With those alternate routes there is still expected to be substantial delays," they said.
With traffic going along those different routes, businesses around the intersection could have a tough summer.
Businesses, such as Dairy Queen, will see fewer people driving by and possibly less business.
"It will definitely affect sales, not just at this location but probably everyone on the strip here, so it's definitely concerning," said Rod Ward, manager at the Dairy Queen on Prospect Street.
Ward said will be especially difficult, as the construction will take the entire summer.
"When it's sunny that's our peak time of year for ice cream sales obviously," said Ward.
"It's definitely going to affect us, but we'll try to work through it."
The city is making plans to try and help businesses in the area through the summer.
"We're going to ensure that access is still provided," said Lewis.
"There may be opportunity to add special signage that wouldn't necessarily be there to provide direction to some of these businesses."
The city says they will be meeting with businesses early in 2016 to hear their concerns and try to figure things out.
My family and I recently returned from our summer trip to Mexico. It lasted a couple of weeks and went smoothly. We were able to visit relatives and do some other things.
We got the car worked on cheaper than it would have cost in the United States, given that wages for labor are so much lower there than in the U.S. That's why employers like to hire illegal Mexicans, isn't it?
Trump is still persona non grata in Mexico, but really, life goes on. I did see an anti-Trump t-shirt for sale, though I didn't see anybody wearing one.
My son David, who turned 18 during the trip, purchased a Trump mask for sale in a marketplace. (David is an avid Trumpster themselves and was even able to attend the inauguration, see here, here and here).
We entered and exited Mexico at the same border immigration station, where I have to get a visitor's permit for myself and a permit for the car.
This border station has provided evidence of how Mexico is dealing with the return of deported or self-deported Mexicans. In fact, this has been been going on since before Trump was president, as I've reported previously.
A year ago (2016) I noticed that the border immigration station had been partially remodeled. It included a section called Repatriaciones [Repatriations]. It didn't look like it was in use yet, but the sign indicated that various benefits were available for Mexicans returning to Mexico. (See my article about it here.) This was when Trump was still a candidate.
Our next visit to Mexico was at Christmastime, after Trump had been elected but before they had taken office. This time, the repatriations desk was actually in business and was taking “customers.” It was then called Repatriación Humana, which means “humane repatriation”. (See article here).
On this latest visit, July of 2017, from which we just returned, we passed through the very same immigration station, entering July 2nd and departing July 18th.
The Repatriación Humana section was in operation, and a big sign read
Before leaving this office, demand your signed Constancia de Repatriación [official repatriation document] and your contact card from the INM [Mexican immigration bureaucracy] personnel. With them [the documents] you can obtain particular benefits upon arriving to your state.” Spanish original: Antes de salir de este oficina, exije tu Constancia de Repatriación firmada y tu tarjeta de contacto al personal del Institución Nacional de Migración, con ellas podrás obtener distintos apoyos al llegar a tu estado.”
On July 18we departed Mexico through the same immigration station. I saw over twenty persons in the Repatriaciones section, some of them with food they had apparently been issued. These persons appear to have been deportees (or self-deportees) who were being received by the Mexican government.
Such observations (along with news reports) show me that the Mexican government is dealing with the deportees. And note, this has been going on since before Trump was elected. Mexico's leaders took Trump seriously.
So the Trump administration needs to keep the pressure up and continue the deportations. Mexico is dealing with them, and both external and internal pressure forces the Mexican government to continue doing so.
In the long run it's better for both countries.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Fallout 4 secrets continue to be uncovered. The latest example is a harpoon-style gun that a modder discovered when rooting through the RPG's files. The animations look a little dodgy, suggesting this gun was not meant to be discovered, at least not yet.
Modder xxdeathknight72xx (via Kotaku) found the weapon, which replaces the Railway Gun if you have it in your arsenal. Interestingly, a bubble animation surroundings kill, suggesting Bethesda might have envisioned an underwater sequence in Fallout 4. The video's host, Tryannicon, also surmises that it's possible this weapon may be featured in Fallout 4's upcoming DLC and wasn't mean to be found just yet.
Details on the necessary mods to unlock the Fallout 4 harpoon weapon in the PC version of the game are available here on Nexusmods. Fallout: New Vegas featured an underwater segment, but there wasn't any combat in it.
Before this, Fallout 4 players discovered the game's developer room, which features every item in the game, including all weapons, armor, and more
Fallout 4 launched on November 10 across PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC. Bethesda shipped 12 million copies to retailers on launch day, though it's unclear how many have actually been sold through to consumers. Whatever the case, Fallout 4 is clearly very popular, having broken Steam concurrent player records.
The first of Fallout 4's patches arrives next week in beta for PC. In other news, people are dressing up cats in Fallout clothing, while this parody video explains how Fallout 4 is ruining lives. Players have also created characters based on Taylor Swift, Kanye West, and Louis C.K.
Recent surveys in Japan have suggested that not only are our youngsters not interested in sex, but that Japanese women are mystifying men just as much as the men's behavior stupefies the women.
Now a survey from Sugoren, translated by Japan Style, is sticking up for the otaku generation and has collated reasons why the male nerds of Japan are the best boyfriends in town.
The female readers of the site came up with these beauties:
1. Access to an unknown world
“My boyfriend had me memorize lots of names of game characters. It was hard in the beginning, but now I'm addicted to the game world. I've learned many things about the otaku world and it's fun!”
2. Fresh date ideas
“I went to a comic market for the first time. That was so exciting! The full-sized Gundam was quite impressive!”
3. Trustworthy
“Otaku boys are pure and single-minded, and can't be flirts, so I don't have to worry about [feeling jealous.] If otaku boys cheat on me, it happens only in the second dimension (not with real girls)."
4. Shared obsessions
“I am otaku too, so we can enjoy the same things. It feels like they have become my teacher.”
5. Enthusiastic conversations
“The topic rarely deviates but I never get tired of the conversation with him," says one teenage respondent. “Otaku people are very enthusiastic,” says another in their 20s.
6. Respect for your sense of values
“I'm otaku, but my field is different from my boyfriend's, and each of us has an inviolable territory. We each respect the other's interests.”
7. An expert helper
“He knows so much about electronic products and found the best cellphone for me," says one girl. “My boyfriend has plenty of know-how,” suggests another.
8. Dependable
“He is a computer otaku and my only help-desk staff!”
“My boyfriend hand-built a computer himself,” says one lady in their 30s.
City breaks record for most 100-degree days in a year
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close City breaks record for most 100-degree days in a year 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Midland is officially in the midst of the hottest summer on record.
With a high temperature of 100 degrees Friday, the record for 100-degree days in one year is now 53, breaking the old mark of 52 previously set in 1964. With triple-digit temperatures expected through the weekend, the hot conditions will continue into the first part of the school year.
Midland experienced 21 days of triple-digit temperatures in 2010.
"This has been an abnormal weather year," said Douglas Cain, lead forecaster with the National Weather Service.
An upper-level ridge system has plagued West Texas for months, preventing moisture and storm systems from moving into the region. There are no signs of the ridge system abating in the short-term.
Normally, July is the peak month for heat, Cain said, but because Midland has not been cooling, the hottest season has continued.
The 100-degree mark is the latest record set in this year. The months of April, June and July in 2011 were respectively the hottest on record. In fact, June 2011 is the hottest of any month in this city's history. August 2011 also is on pace to be the hottest August on record.
The National Weather Service is reporting 100-degree days spread out over the summer months, including 21 in June, 16 in July and 12 in August.
Cain said they were hopeful that the system would dissipate soon as the sub-tropical trough gains strength. Hopefully, they added, by September it will begin to cool significantly.
The upper-level ridge system also has reduced cloud coverage, allowing more ultraviolet rays and heat to penetrate the surface. They said another reason for the intense heat during the day was that the morning lows are on average more than 5 degrees higher than normal. Because it's not cooling at night, it makes it that much easier for the temperature to rise the following day, Cain added.
The lack of rain also is causing temperatures to stay in the triple digits. Midland's rain total since late September (more than 325 days ago) is 0.62 inches.
The lack of moisture has been common in Texas. El Paso has received 3.79 inches of rain, despite normally being drier than Midland; Lubbock's experienced 1.49 inches; Dallas-Fort Worth's rain total is hovering around 16.7 inches, down more than 6 inches from normal levels; and San Antonio has received 6.5 inches, down more than 13 inches from normal.
Dallas also has been scorched by the hot weather. Its streak of 100-degree days recently ended at 40.
Coping with the heat
Despite the record heat levels, Midland's citizens are not experiencing higher levels of temperature-related medical problems.
"We really haven't witnessed a drastic increase," said Linda Hall, a nurse with the Midland Memorial Hospital's emergency room. "People in the area are used to the heat."
They added there are some increases during events like Rock the Desert and various sporting competitions where a lot of people unfamiliar with the climate come to Midland.
The Midland Fire Department has experienced a 22 percent increase, year-to-date, in medical-related emergency calls for Midland County. Specific numbers concerning how many calls were heat-specific were not immediately available Friday afternoon. MFD has also experienced a 147 percent increase in fire reports due to the heat and dry climate in Midland County this year over 2010, according to MFD records.
Hall attributes the lack of serious heat-related incidents to people's preparedness for the season.
"The school and coaches have been really good about telling kids to stay hydrated," Hall said.
They recommend people begin to hydrate at least 12 hours before performing outdoor activities.
MFD's Capt. Aaron Cox added that people should try to avoid participating in outdoor activities during peak times and try and schedule events for earlier in the morning or later in the evening.
James Cannon can be reached at jcannon@mrt.com.
100-degree days by month
May 4
June 21
July 16
August 12
100-degree days in Midland
Here is a list of the years with the most 100-degree days in Midland's history.
1. 2011 53
2. 1964 52
3. 1998 51
4. 1977 43
5. 1953 32
Source: National Weather Service
I'm sure you've heard of the hit series Thirteen Reasons Why that recently made its debut on Netflix.
If you haven't, it was based off a novel and has caused an uproar on social media and spiked many tough conversations. It's the story of a high school student, Hannah Baker, who takes their own life in the midst of suffering. Before they do so, they record themselves on thirteen different tapes explaining the thirteen reasons of what drove them to end their lives.
These tapes are dedicated to different incidences and different people who drove them to the end of herself. Hannah intends for each single one of these people to get the tapes to hear what they did.
Hannah Baker was the new girl, moved from far away and much like today's society, attended a high school that was full of hurt people and hurtful people. Rumors were spread, pictures were sent, words were said, whispers were heard, people were betrayed, and friends were lost.
They decided they couldn't take it anymore; the rumors.
The bullying.
The loneliness.
The betrayal.
The whispers.
While watching this, my heart was broken over the reality and rawness of the story that unfolded. Although this series focused on suicide, it also spoke to many other issues; drug abuse, alcohol abuse, sexual abuse and violence, domestic abuse, rape, and bullying.
These issues are SO. REAL. As a high school student in the public-school system, I am sure of one thing, this story isn't just cinematic; this story happens EVERY SINGLE DAY.
It is happening.
It might be happening in your own life right now, or in your friends, maybe even your own child.
While this series gave you Thirteen Reasons Why Hannah Baker took their own life, I am going to give you
Thirteen Reasons Why you SHOULDN'T…
1) You are fearfully and wonderfully made. (Psalms 139:14)
2) You are WORTHY.
3) You are made in Their IMAGE.
4) Your body is a temple (1 Corinthians 6:19-20)
5) Your body is NOT YOUR OWN. It belongs to Jesus.
6) You are MORE; More than the whispers, rumors, and loneliness.
7) Death has already BEEN DEFEATED; whatever you are fighting, Jesus already died for it.
8) YOU HAVE A PURPOSE.
9) Ultimately, you aren't in control, GOD IS.
10) Our God is BIGGER.
11) You can't give victory to the enemy. Those lies you hear, are solely of the enemy. Don't let them win.
12) You aren't alone.
13) God's plans for you are PROSPEROUS. It's not cliché, it's the truth.
If you are considering self-harm or suicide, or are a victim of any of the issues mentioned, I assure you, you aren't alone and getting help is crucial.
You are worth so much more than the whispers.
Your life is precious.
In Christ,
Lauren Faith
National Suicide Hotline: 1-800-273-8255
Editor's Note: Tens of thousands of firefighters are currently battling wildfires in the Western United States. This year, millions of acres have been lost to fires in California, Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, and Alaska. Three firefighters died while on duty in Washington State Wednesday.
National Geographic photographer Mark Thiessen, who has training as a firefighter, traveled with a crew from Salt Lake City, Utah last week as they fought a group of blazes about 250 miles north of San Francisco. So far, more than 117,000 acres of California forests have burned (update: 144,000 have burned as of August 15).
HAYFORK, California—I'm on assignment, embedded at the Fork Complex fire in Northern California. I've shot wildfires for years and I want to bring you with me to an active fireline on an out of control forest fire. It's a world inaccessible by most media. I went through fire school so I could have better access to the fire and bring you the story of how a wildfire is fought.
Step One: The Burnout Operation
View Images Division Supervisor Jay Walter starts a burnout deep in the forest. Their modified starter pistol fires Quickfire Hotshot Flares (nicknamed "sausages") that turn into fireworks when they land. Photograph by Mark Thiessen, Nat Geo Image Collection
“Firing!” they yell as they aim between two ponderosa pines and pulls the trigger. An explosion of sparks shoots from their pistol and spirals like a roman candle 300 feet (91 meters) into the forest. Jay Walter, a division supervisor who is in charge of this section of fireline, reloads and fires off another volley of fireworks. Their goal is to ignite an island of green vegetation. He's fighting fire with fire. It's the most effective way to control the blazes burning in the forest.
Firefighters don't just spray water at wildfires, and that's not because California is in a drought. In burnout operations, firefighters start their own fires to burn the plants that would otherwise get caught in a wildfire. These controlled burns start at the control line—a boundary such as a river, a road, or a strip cleared by a bulldozer. Low-intensity ground fires like this are actually good for the forest. They clean out the understory and leave more resources for larger trees.
View Images NG STAFF; AS OF AUG. 18
Prepping for the burn takes time. Earlier in the day, McKay DeGering, 21, a member of the Salt Lake Unified fire crew, worked as a sawyer—with their chainsaw, they thinned the woods near the control line to stop the burnout from climbing into the canopy. The sawyers tear through the forest like a machine. “It's great when you have three saws all ripping together down the line,” DeGering says. “It's when you get clicking you get your mojo going.”
Sawyers work in tight concert with partners called swampers, who throw aside the cut brush and limbs. Chainsaws are loud, so sawyers and swampers communicate with facial expressions and the occasional hand signal. “Everyone reads the saw,” DeGering says. “The saw sets the tempo the way a conductor directs an orchestra.” (Learn more about the firefighters in this story on our photo blog, Proof.)
Night is a good time to do firing operations like this, because the temperatures are cooler, the humidity is up, and it's easier to monitor and keep the fire in control. Fires are hot, dusty, and smoky, but they can also be amazingly beautiful. The ground fire causes the rising smoke to glow orange, illuminating the forest from within. The forest looks magical at times like this and I'm reminded how beautiful fire can be.
WATCH: Sometimes the best way to fight a wildfire is with fire.
Step Two: Holding the Line
In my time shooting forest fires, there's one thing that has become perfectly clear to me. Fire always finds a way. Forests like fire. It's as if the forest has a ravenous appetite for fire because it knows it needs fire to stay healthy. Once the controlled burn is set, firefighters try and hold the line and stop the feeding frenzy.
Holding can be slow, boring work, but firefighters have to watch carefully for spot fires. Spots pop up across the line and risk taking a controlled burn out of control.
The drought in California has made holding harder. Forests are so dry that they're burning hotter and more severely than before. Firefighters no longer have confidence that small control lines put in by hand can actually hold a fire; they now use wider lines built by a bulldozer.
“Holding line is the single most important thing we do out here and the least glamorous,” says Walter. “Letting the fire jump your line is the worst thing that can happen to a week's worth of work. You work your ass off for days just to have it made obsolete in a few minutes”.
WATCH: On the front lines, the Salt Lake Unified fire crew is working to contain forest fires.
Step Three: Mopping Up
The hose sprays a precisely aimed jet of water deep into the smoldering stump, splattering dark, sooty water all over the firefighter. Welcome to mop up. It's hard, dirty work, but it's extremely necessary. This is when the fire actually goes out completely. By the time the crew is finished, the fire's outer edge is cold to the touch.
Mop up can last for days after the last active flame along the control line has been extinguished. Stumps near the line can burn for a long time, and they have to be torn out and extinguished completely. Otherwise fire could smolder in the root system all winter and come to the surface on the green side of the control line in the spring, starting another fire.
The final step to mopping up is cold trailing. The firefighter removes their glove and feels the ground with their bare hand looking for heat. If they feel it, they spray a little water on it and works it in with their shovel until it's cold. Finally, this section of fire is completely out and tucked into bed.
I follow the Salt Lake Unified fire crew as they mop up, and the danger from fire may be less, but there are still risks. “Don't go that way, take the long way around,” someone yells out to me, “There are bees over there.”
“Who has the most bee stings?” I yell back, not really expecting an answer.
“Me! 15!” replies Carlos Lopez. It turns out Lopez, a swamper, followed the lead saw through the underbrush. They were doing as all good swampers do by throwing aside the sawyer's cuttings. This time the lead sawyer agitated a bee hive, and the bees took it out on Lopez.
This is what I love about wildfires. You never know what is going to happen next.
InstLife 0.3.0.0
Our biggest list of changes yet.
Adoption
If you have happiness over 75 and a place to live then you are eligible to adopt. Access this option from the Partner menu – you need to be 21 or older for the button to enable.
Edit: To clarify, as I've seen a lot of comments around this, there are no restrictions against LGBT characters adopting. Anyone can adopt, regardless of gender or sexual orientation, you just have to meet the above requirements.
New events
We have added two new events, and fixed a bug to make another one appear. So that's three. Quick maths.
Two of these events are social, one is home related.
Illnessess
We have altered the rate of which types of illness you can get, and in addition we have added five new ones to try and make your lives even harder.
Changelog
Ads: Partially changed ad provider Bug: Corrected Director and VP role requirements Bug: Fixed darts event not appearing Bug: (Should have) Fixed getting fired as CEO when you've already stepped down due to health Bug: Fixed Try For Baby button being disabled when it shouldn't Event: Prostitute interaction Feature: Added basic adoption Houses: Added burst pipe event Icon: Turned it red cause it looks Christmassy Illnesses: Added five new illnesses Illnesses: Revamped % of what illnesses the player gets Obituary: Added what drug you overdosed on Tweak: Added more context to event log for bully event Tweak: Added painting type to painting descriptions where it was missing Tweak: Corrected grammar when selling properties Tweak: Increased minimum age to have a baby Tweak: Made losing your job due to health issues less frequent Tweak: More detail when arrested at a young age Tweak: Putting out fires, and fixing pipes now provide a little happiness bonus Tweak: You now won't be arrested for self-defence (unless you murder them) Tweak: Your parents can now disagree with a homosexual relationship Tweak: Your parents no longer have a go at your 15 year old partner who hasn't gone to university
Suggestions
You can vote on suggestions and features, click here!
Social
For more information and updates on InstLife, follow @InstCoffeeGames on Twitter.
Alternatively:
Story highlights Jeff Sessions will testify next week before a subcommittee of the Senate appropriations committee
Former FBI director James Comey testified before the Senate intelligence committee Tuesday
(CNN) The series of dramatic congressional hearings will continue Tuesday, when embattled Attorney General Jeff Sessions takes the stand.
The Senate appropriations subcommittee hearing is billed as a discussion on the Justice Department budget, but Democrats say they will use the opportunity to grill their former Senate colleague about their alleged contacts with Russians and the controversial firing of former FBI Directory James Comey, among other hot-button issues.
"I have sought for months to clarify Attorney General Sessions' contacts with Russian officials following their false testimony in response to questions from me and from (Sen. Al) Franken. We wrote to the FBI requesting that they investigate such matters," said Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vermont, in a statement Thursday.
"I am also deeply concerned about the attorney general's role in firing Director Comey in light of their recusal from the Russia investigation."
Last week, Leahy and Franken, a Democrat from Minnesota, said Sessions should resign if they misled Congress about their contacts with Russians
One World of Warcraft player had a long, slow grind to reach the game's level cap of 90. They did so remaining entirely neutral, unable to participate in any of the faction quests through which most players advance in the game.
The player is Doubleagent and they were playing as a Pandaren, the race introduced in 2012's Mists of Pandaria expansion. Pandaren may begin the game not affiliated with either the Alliance or the Horde, but are effectively forced to choose around the time they reach level 10, otherwise they remain in the starting zone, where no new quests are given.
Doubleagent remained neutral, well past the level at which they could gain experience killing creatures in the zone. As they couldn't leave the island, they couldn't access an in-world mailbox and thus mail themselves gear or items. They advanced — at a glacial pace — by mining and picking herbs.
Their total playtime on the character is 173.5 days. And no, they couldn't use the Level 90 free boost (or buy one for $60) because doing so requires you to choose a faction — thus transporting their character off The Wandering Isle.
Doubleagent wrote up a FAQ on the Battle.Net forums, saying the No. 1 question they receive when people in the starting zone encounter a level 90 Pandaren is "How did you get back here?" Their reply. "I didn't leave."
"I thought about doing this when I heard about Pandaren being neutral until level 10," they write. "Knowing that herbalism and mining nodes gave experience, I figured if the zone had any of them it would probably be possible to level higher than intended. And when I did finally start, one of my friends thoguht [sic] I'd reach some kind of cap on the isle and that I wouldn't reach 90. So it kind of encouraged me to continue even moreso than before."
As for their future plans: "I won't be picking a faction. I do intend to level to 100 come the next expansion."
Puebla, Mexico, July 14, 2017 (venezuelanalysis.com) – The majority of Venezuelans believe a future right-wing government won't be able to solve the country's economic crisis, according to a new poll released Thursday.
Conducted by one of Venezuela's most reputable independent pollsters, Hinterlaces, the poll found 71 percent of Venezuelans believe the opposition currently has no concrete plan to tackle the country's economic woes, including one of the world's highest inflation rates and a slump in state revenue.
The poll also found over half of Venezuelans believe the opposition won't be able to resolve the economic crisis – even if they take power.
“In the latest survey in June, [we found] 56 percent of Venezuelans would prefer that President Maduro solve the [country's] problems – despite the discontent that exists,” explained Hinterlaces head Oscar Schemel.
Although the executive remains in the hands of socialist President Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela's right-wing opposition currently controls the National Assembly, after winning legislative elections by a landslide in 2015. However, that victory may have been spurred more by the failures of the Maduro administration than support for the opposition's policies, according to Schemel.
“People don't vote for the opposition; they vote against the economic performance and management that they evaluate negatively,” Schemel said.
They continued, “[They] use the opposition to punish [the Maduro administration], and push for solutions.”
Neutron stars—the tiny collapsed remains of the cores of stars much more massive than the Sun—are remarkably complex systems. The inner layers are composed of a form of matter that exists nowhere else in the Universe, while the outermost layer is a "crust" of heavy atomic nuclei. When any matter falls onto the neutron star's surface, it can result in thermonuclear explosions and other, stranger energetic events.
A new study of neutron star nuclear physics showed that these objects might be even weirder than previously thought. H. Schatz and colleagues modeled reactions in the crust and found that much of the energy there is carried away by neutrinos. This involves processes known from exploding white dwarfs (the type Ia supernovas) but which had never been thought to take place in neutron stars. The surprising result is a decoupling between thermonuclear explosions outside the neutron star and reactions deep inside the crust.
Neutron stars and pulsars
Neutron stars are best known when they act as pulsars, where the intense magnetic fields channel matter into beams, which sweep across our field of view, causing regular pulses of light. While it's highly probable that all neutron stars are pulsars (many just don't point their pulses at Earth), the "neutron star" label is the more general term, since "pulsar" describes an observational behavior rather than the physical character of the object.
When a star roughly 8 times more massive than the Sun runs out of nuclear fuel, its core collapses while the outer layers are blown out in a supernova explosion. If the star is not too massive, the core remnant will stabilize before becoming a black hole. The object's self-gravity is strong enough to crush atoms and nuclei into a dense material that we don't think is found anywhere else in the cosmos. Because much of this material is composed of neutrons, the core remnant is known as a neutron star.
Neutron stars pack a mass equivalent to a moderately sized star into a sphere roughly 20 kilometers in diameter. The outermost kilometer is the crust, a solid shell of neutron-rich nuclei prevented from melting by high pressure.
Matter that falls onto a neutron star reaches very high density and pressure, sufficient to create nuclear reactions. Since the reactions happen at the surface, however, they are not contained as they are in the cores of stars: they are uncontrolled thermonuclear explosions, which astronomers observe as X-ray bursts. The "ashes" of these reactions—nuclei resulting from the explosions—fall onto the neutron star surface, adding to the crust.
The crust is very dynamic because it's affected by these ashes, the heat from the neutron star interior, and nuclear processes inside the crust itself. Because of its relatively low temperature (at least compared to the interior and the infalling matter), the most widely used model assumes a temperature of absolute zero for simplicity. That's not as crazy as it sounds: matter at these densities is dominated by quantum effects, and the combination of high density and pressure makes materials behave much like they do at very low temperature. This model also (reasonably) assumes that the types of nuclei are stratified based on atomic mass so that a given layer in the crust is composed of a single type of nucleus.
However, to achieve a full understanding of neutron star behavior (including X-ray bursts and "glitches"), astronomers need to know which approximations are justified and which lead to errors. That was the motivation behind the present study, which examined nuclear processes inside the crust at higher temperatures and with a mixture of nuclei in each layer.
The researchers found that the crust was divided into three distinct regions. The deepest region involved electron capture reactions, where a nucleus absorbs a free electron, converts a proton into a neutron, and shifts its chemical identity down the periodic table. Above that was a very active shell, where both electron capture and beta decay (capture in reverse) could occur. That region produced a huge number of neutrinos: fast-moving, very low-mass particles with no electric charge.
Because neutrinos pass through pretty much everything unimpeded, they constitute a very efficient cooling mechanism for a neutron star, carrying energy away from the outermost layer of the crust. This type of energy transfer is known as the Urca process, named for a casino in Rio de Janeiro. (The joke is that the neutrinos carry energy away like money flows out of your pocket at the roulette table.) The Urca process is expected to take place in type Ia supernovas, which are the explosions of white dwarfs, but because it requires non-zero temperature, nobody had included it in models for neutron star crusts.
The Urca process has observable consequences, and the new model suggests that there will be differences in X-ray burst activity that we can look for.
However, the inclusion of more realistic physical conditions raises another problem: in this new model, the neutron star surface (perhaps ironically) was now much less hot than in the earlier zero-temperature approximations. Yet material accreted by the neutron star must still be hot enough for thermonuclear explosions. The researchers cautiously proposed that there might be a new, unknown process responsible for heating material near the surface.
Nature, 2013. DOI: 10.1038/nature12757 (About DOIs).
This article is from the archive of our partner .
According to newly released court documents, James Holmes' psychiatrist, Dr. Lynne Fenton, definitely contacted University of Colorado authorities about theirs having "homicidal thoughts" 38 days before they shot and killed 12 people in an Aurora, Colorado movie theater.
Arapahoe County District Judge Carlos A. Samour Jr. ordered 12 search warrant affidavits and an affidavit in support of warrantless arrest be unsealed Thursday evening; a previous judge handing the case had them sealed during the early stages of the investigation. But the new documents confirm and provides new details to previous reports that Fenton (seen at right in an early trial photo) approached authorities about Holmes. The documents show Fenton went to University of Colorado police officer Lynn Whitten and informed them that Holmes confessed homicidal thoughts to them and that they were a danger to the public, "per their requirement," the documents say. Whitten responded "by deactivating Holmes' key-card access to secure areas of University of Colorado medical campus buildings," the Denver Post writes. Fenton also told Whitten that Holmes had "stopped seeing them and had begun threatening them via text message," the documents state. This brings up a very important question in the James Holmes case, per the Post:
But the documents don't reveal what — if anything — campus authorities did to investigate Holmes until 38 days later, when 12 people were dead in the July 20 movie theater shootings, 58 more were injured by gunfire and Aurora police came to campus to ask questions.
Fenton is being sued by a victim's widow for not doing enough to stop Holmes. The Post reports Fenton allegedly declined to have Holmes be taken in for a psychiatric examination, though. The documents don't confirm or deny this.
Holmes will go to trial shortly for killing 12 people and injuring at least 58 when they attacked a midnight showing of The Dark Night Rises. Holmes will face the death penalty when they go on trial, but their lawyers are expected to mount a mental health defense. As we've explained, the prosecution must prove Holmes' sanity to defeat an insanity defense, which is not typical procedure in most states. The defense usually needs to prove their client is insane.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
I like the OP's photos. They are creative. Kind of comic book like.
I work with audio, not photography, but both are art.
The OP has presented some "Art". It is interesting to look at, and like any other art, there is no proper way to do it.
Since I'm into audio engineering if I made a sound and put a lot of reverb, and then chorus and then flange to a sound, it would be interesting. Not really proper, but who cares? It's art!
Although if I had to choose a photo in this thread that was the most realistic? I'd choose the 211. If I had to choose the worst it would be the red elise in 6i9's post. If I had to choose the most interesting, it's the OP's #2 wideangle pic.
Are they all art? Yes. Are some of them more pleasing to the eye to some people. Yes. Are you going to please all the people all the time. No.
Cheers,
Skottoman
2006 AR N/A Exige-Touring pack-Starshield-TopspeedPro1 exhaust-DeSnorked-Green filter-RTD ToeBrace-Shims Removed-CF Diffuser-CF Splitter-CF Wing-CF Scoops w/custom grills-Black Exige sticker-PC680 battery-S111 battery holddown-Rear Lotus badge-Carpet buttons-Painted shift knob-Painted Console-EBrake Gaiter-SilverStealth bulbs-Front S111 towhook-Polk speakers-Toyo R888s-Lamin-x turn signal tint
1 year ago
Aloha folks!
We are just a mere hour away from the kick off of Rooster Teeth's Extra Life Stream for 2017! Last weekend we held our second ever RT Community Extra Life stream, and as usual, our community kicked all kinds of ass. We raised nearly $50,000 between the 25 teams that represented us all over the country! As of this posting, we are sitting at just a hair under $100,000 for the year already! That is incredible and you should all be so proud of yourselves.
Of course, all of that money donated so far goes towards our incredible goal of $1,000,000 raised by the end of our stream this Sunday!
Now then, let me rattle off a few answers to some common questions I have received.
Q:) How can I donate?
A:) You can donate directly to the Rooster Teeth Extra Life team right here: https://www.extra-life.org/index.cfm?fuseaction=donate.participant&participantID=253462
Q:) Where can I watch the stream?
A:) You can watch our Extra Life stream at http://www.roosterteeth.com/extralife or on YouTube at http://www.youtube.com/roosterteeth/live or on Twitch at http://www.twitch.tv/roosterteeth
Q:) What if I don't have money to donate? How can I help?
A:) SPREAD THE WORD! Please, if you aren't able to donate with money, please donate with time and exposure! Get on Twitter, on Facebook, Instagram, wherever, and let people know about our stream and what we are trying to do! We are going to raise a MILLION DOLLARS for Children's Miracle Network Hospitals all over the US and Canada with your help!
Q:) What are the exclusive merchandise pieces I can buy?
A:) You can pick up our exclusive Extra Life merchandise (of which, the proceeds go directly to Rooster Teeth's donation to Extra Life) right here: https://store.roosterteeth.com/collections/extra-life
Q:) I missed out on the Community Extra Life pin during the Community Weekend, is there any way I can get it still?
A:) You are in luck! We had some conversations internally and have decided to bring the For the Kids pin from our Community Weekend back for our main stream weekend! Again, proceeds from the purchase of the pin will go towards our Extra Life donation, so grab seven!
Q:) I can't get to a computer during the 24 hours you guys are streaming, can I buy the Extra Life merchandise later?
A:) Unfortunately no, part of the fun is the rush to get everyone watching us during our shenanigans and raising money! Please ask a friend to grab a shirt or poster or pin for you!
Q:) Can I donate to Extra Life even after the stream ends?
A:) Of course! Donations for Extra Life 2017 don't end until December 31st at Midnight of this year!
Q:) When will Achievement Hunter / Funhaus / #2spooky / The Know / Whose Line / etc be on the stream? Is there a schedule somewhere?
A:) We have never posted a schedule before as time slips quite a bit during Extra Life and you'll never know exactly when stuff happens. We'll do our best to keep you informed as to when major groups will be on the broadcast though. (ie: Achievement Hunter will begin the stream from 8am-10am)
Q:) Will anyone be playing games during Extra Life? Can I play with you?
A:) This year we have dedicated game stations set up for our team to play games the entire 24 hours we are streaming. We'll do our best to post information on how you can join them gaming.
Q:) Is it too late to join the Rooster Teeth team for Extra Life? I want to stream soon!
A:) It's never too late! We'd love to have you! You can join our team or create your own team and become a sub-team of the Rooster Teeth Super Team here!
Q:) I have a suggestion for a Wheel of Vengeance punishment or stretch goal!
A:) Please post it below in the comments! We could always use more ideas.
Q:) Do you guys have a medic/security on staff?
A:) Yes, we have a medic nearby just in case Gavin lights themselves on fire.
Q:) Where can I get more information on Extra Life?
A:) At their excellent website.
--------------
I think covers every question I've heard. If you have more, please ask below in the comments!
I cannot wait for this weekend and I can't wait for you guys to astound me again with your generosity. Here's to $1,000,000!!!
NEW YORK -- Allie Sherman, the player-friendly coach who led the New York Giants to NFL championship games in their first three seasons with a star-studded but aging roster, has died. They were 91.
Sherman's family said Monday that they died Saturday at their Manhattan home.
"Allie was a great coach and an even better man," John Mara, Giants' president and chief executive officer, said. "He was a special friend, and I will miss them dearly."
Allie Sherman, the son of Russian immigrants who coached the Giants to NFL championship games in their first three seasons, died at home in Manhattan. AP Photo/Bob Goldberg
Sherman's Giants lost to the Green Bay Packers in the 1961 and 1962 championship games and to the Chicago Bears in the 1963 title game. They were the NFL Coach of the Year in 1961 and 1962 and finished 57-51-4 in eight seasons with the Giants.
After posting a 33-8-1 record in their first three seasons, the Giants did not have a winning season in Sherman's final five years, with the struggles leading frustrated fans to chant "Goodbye Allie" at times.
To their credit, Sherman always said that the fans had the right to express their displeasure.
"Allie was a friend of mine," Hall of Fame running back Frank Gifford said. "There were a lot of times after practice when we were in Yankee Stadium and they would come over if I wasn't looking like I was happy. They wanted to know what was wrong. They would pull up their little stool, we'd sit down and we'd talk. They were a coach and a friend. Coaching was a different kind of role in their life."
Sherman was the coach who helped Gifford move from defensive to offense, taking a player away from then coordinator Tom Landry.
Sherman was an innovator on offense, and liked to throw the ball downfield with Y.A. Tittle, another Hall of Famer, at quarterback. In 1966, they brought in placekicker Pete Gogolak from the then AFL Buffalo Bills, making them the NFL's first soccer-style kicker.
"He always treated me well," Gogolak said. "He didn't try to change my form. Back then, everybody tried to coach everybody else, but my kicking style was so new that I think they were very decent from that point of view. They said, `I don't know too much about what you do,' so they kind of left me alone, because there was no comparison to anybody else. They were a really good guy to play for."
The 5-foot-10 Sherman played quarterback at Brooklyn College and spent five seasons in the NFL as a backup with the Philadelphia Eagles. They served as the Giants' backfield coach from 1949 to '52 and was 36-26-2 as the head coach of the Canadian Football League's Winnipeg Blue Bombers from 1953 to '57.
They returned to the Giants as a scout in 1958, took over as offensive coach in 1959 when Vince Lombardi left for the Packers and became head coach when Jim Lee Howell retired after the 1960 season, inheriting a team that included Hall of Famer Rosie Grier, fullback Alex Webster -- who would replace Sherman before the 1969 season- linebacker Sam Huff and cornerback Erich Barnes.
Sherman was born in Brooklyn in 1923, the son of Russian immigrants.
"Allie was special," said Steve Tisch, the team's chairperson and executive vice president. "Like my father (Bob), Allie was from Brooklyn. Allie was one of us. Can you imagine being the person hired to replace Vince Lombardi on a coaching staff in 1959? Allie did it, and they did it well."
He's survived by wife Joan, son Randy, daughters Lori Sherman and Robin Klausner and two grandchildren. A private funeral will be held.
Bedouin who serve in Israel's army
The traditional view of the Arab-Israeli conflict is of Jews fighting Muslims. But that image does not always reflect the truth. In fact, there are thousands of Muslim Bedouin who serve in the Israeli army, or IDF, and even bear arms against their fellow Muslims in the occupied West Bank and Gaza. In fact, there are thousands of Muslim Bedouin who serve in the Israeli army, or IDF, and even bear arms against their fellow Muslims in the occupied West Bank and Gaza. They do so although it is not compulsory for them to serve in the Israeli military, as it is for most Israeli Jews, and sometimes military service comes with a price tag. They do so although it is not compulsory for them to serve in the Israeli military, as it is for most Israeli Jews, and sometimes military service comes with a price tag. "I will do whatever is required from me to do the job with the full faith in the service of the Israeli state," asserts Maj Fehd Fallah, a Bedouin from the village of Saad in the Israeli occupied Golan. "I will do whatever is required from me to do the job with the full faith in the service of the Israeli state," asserts Maj Fehd Fallah, a Bedouin from the village of Saad in the Israeli occupied Golan.  They are happy to perform their duty, whoever they may have to fight against.  They are happy to perform their duty, whoever they may have to fight against.
"Yes, I have fought against Muslims in Gaza," they say. That includes Israel's three-week Operation Cast Lead which began in December last year. "Yes, I have fought against Muslims in Gaza," they say. That includes Israel's three-week Operation Cast Lead which began in December last year. "And I would fight again if I had to," they added. "Israeli Muslims who don't serve in the IDF should be ashamed for not serving their country." "And I would fight again if I had to," they added. "Israeli Muslims who don't serve in the IDF should be ashamed for not serving their country." Israel's Bedouin are a Muslim, Arabic-speaking group. Although these formerly nomadic people were once considered part of the Palestinian nation, most of them are now proud to call themselves Israelis. Israel's Bedouin are a Muslim, Arabic-speaking group. Although these formerly nomadic people were once considered part of the Palestinian nation, most of them are now proud to call themselves Israelis. Co-operation between Jews and Bedouin began before the establishment of the Israeli state in 1948. Co-operation between Jews and Bedouin began before the establishment of the Israeli state in 1948. In 1946, tribal leader Abu Yusuf al-Heib sent more than 60 of their men to fight alongside Zionist forces against their Arab neighbours in Galilee. In 1946, tribal leader Abu Yusuf al-Heib sent more than 60 of their men to fight alongside Zionist forces against their Arab neighbours in Galilee. More than 60 years on, Maj Fallah's devotion to the Jewish state was unequivocal. They even refused to be interviewed by me in Arabic, insisting: "I have better command of Hebrew." More than 60 years on, Maj Fallah's devotion to the Jewish state was unequivocal. They even refused to be interviewed by me in Arabic, insisting: "I have better command of Hebrew." Military service is a family tradition in many Bedouin villages, especially those located in the north of Israel. Military service is a family tradition in many Bedouin villages, especially those located in the north of Israel. During my conversation with Maj Fallah, two men were standing listening to us. They were their cousins and both wore the uniform of the IDF. During my conversation with Maj Fallah, two men were standing listening to us. They were their cousins and both wore the uniform of the IDF. "It's a legacy - it's something that has been passed on from generation to generation in my family," Maj Fallah explains. "It's a legacy - it's something that has been passed on from generation to generation in my family," Maj Fallah explains. "My father and their father served in the army too." "My father and their father served in the army too." Potential conflict The Israeli army does not publish statistics about the exact number of non-Jewish enlisted soldiers, although it says hundreds of non-Jewish Israeli citizens - Muslims, Christians and Druze - join up every year. The Israeli army does not publish statistics about the exact number of non-Jewish enlisted soldiers, although it says hundreds of non-Jewish Israeli citizens - Muslims, Christians and Druze - join up every year. Their numbers have grown rather than decreased since the controversial military assault on Gaza. Their numbers have grown rather than decreased since the controversial military assault on Gaza.
“ When I was in the army, they said it would be easy for me to get the job. I applied for a lot of things but it wasn't easy ”
Maher, Bedouin recruit
It also reveals that their possessions, including any mobile phones, were seized when they were detained, and asserts they are being denied “reasonable access” to legal advice. Lawyers representing them are now seeking a High Court order that they not be taken to Sri Lanka, Nauru or Manus Island, saying the government has no power to take them to a place, other than Australia, against their will. The case will be the first comprehensive test of whether the government has the power to intercept boats on the high seas, hold asylum seekers against their will and take them where it chooses. Immigration Minister Scott Morrison continued to refuse to provide any information on the boat in Parliament on Wednesday, instead accusing the opposition of being “a field of dandelions” when it came to border protection. “What a bunch of jellyfish you are!” they taunted. The court document was filed as the United Nations refugee agency expressed alarm that Australia may have breached a cornerstone of the refugee convention by returning another group of asylum seekers to Sri Lanka after intercepting their boat at sea.
Volker Turk, Director of International Protection, UN High Commissioner for Refugees, said there was a serious risk that the "enhanced screening" of claims at sea fell well short of requirements for the fair processing of claims and could mean that asylum seekers were returned, or refouled, to persecution. “You can only ensure respect for the principle of non-refoulement if you have in place proper and fair procedures that identify, with due process, who is in need of international refugee protection and who is not,” they said. In an exclusive interview with Fairfax Media, Mr Turk also expressed concern at the fate of the 153 asylum seekers on the customs vessel, whose boat was about 27 kilometres from Christmas Island when it was intercepted on or about June 29. A High Court directions hearing on their case is set for Friday, with the case likely to begin on August 5. According to the amended writ of summons lodged on Tuesday, all are of Tamil ethnicity and Sri Lankan nationality, with the possible exception of children born in India. The only information sought from the asylum seekers has been their names, ages and addresses, it says.
The action asserts that neither Nauru nor Papua New Guinea have assumed all the non-refoulement obligations under international law. It seeks a declaration that the Commonwealth acted unlawfully and an injunction preventing them from being taken to Sri Lanka, Nauru, PNG or any other country that has not assumed international non-refoulement obligations. Mr Turk said that, while the world faced a displacement crisis that was “probably unprecedented since the end of the Second World War”, they were ‘‘absolutely'' concerned about the message Australia's approach sent to the rest of the world. ‘‘You cannot extrapolate Australia's approach to the rest of the world because, if that was the case, you would spend an enormous amount of resources on moving people from one country to the next and keeping them in limbo,” they said. ‘‘And that's not what we need as an international community in order to address the massive displacement problems that we face in today's world.'' With almost 3 million refugees outside Syria and more than a million internally displaced in Iraq, Mr Turk said the agency found itself “a bit startled” by the debate in Australia. “Quite frankly, when one looks at what's happening with those two boats ... it does give rise to concerns whether this is in line with international law and standards.”
Loading Their message to Australia was not to lose perspective of the global dimension and to re-examine policy to make sure the system in Australia has space for people who come in unauthorised fashion. Follow us on Twitter
Thoughts, advice and demonstrations on Guitar solo improvisation from tunein-toneup.com
Why do I love playing the guitar so much?
Mainly because the guitar is an instrument, a tool, which I use to express myself and hope to make the listener feel something. My voice. As Maya Angelou said:
People will forget what you said. People will forget what you did. But people will never forget how you made them feel.
I feel that this is easy to apply to this question and when you hear somebody playing music it makes you feel something before everything else. Music, as a universal language, transcends all barriers of understanding and is the quickest way to say and do something which elicits a feeling in another person. This connection is immediate and direct. The song is key and you can make someone feel something by virtue of the recognition of a song and the reliving of the feelings which they associate with that song, through its melody, rhythm, chord progression and primarily its lyrics. However, as you develop on your musical journey with your instrument you become aware of another way of using it creatively and in a more personal way – improvisation, soloing and the techniques and tonal harmonic understanding associated with this.
So, how to improvise better solos?
This was the subject of the most recent of our podcast episodes, which are recordings of my own guitar lessons with my teacher, Dan Davies. You can listen to the most recent episode here. Dan's advice is really useful and I encourage you to have a listen and also to look at my further research on our own website . In this episode, my own playing becomes exposed and after hearing my efforts to solo over a ‘Comfortably Numb' backing track, Dan makes some suggestions and draws out a few strengths. They pick up on some issues which I am having with technique including my rhythmic feel and the issue of bending using my little finger; they advise me to try using my stronger ring finger. They also ask questions about improvisation which I have begun to address here and we settle on the idea that we enjoy improvisation because it is a way to be heard. We wish to make our improvisation better because this increases our ability to be able to make someone feel something and it puts us honestly in the moment with nowhere to hide. That feeling of connection which you get with your instrument and the music you create becomes a ‘Holy Grail' which you pursue and seek.
Here's the backing track…..
And here's Dan's thematic playing over the top….
The tone, emotion, tempo, rhythm, genre and mood of the song are essential to take notice of in order to make your improvisation relevant and interesting. If you are trying to come up with something relevant for a Heavy Metal backing track, playing a solo with high gain and long bent notes like David Gilmour or Jeff Beck might, then the solo won't fit. Equally, if you are playing over a Comfortably Numb backing track, lots of sweep picking, fast arpeggios and overdrive probably won't communicate the mood and subject matter of the song adequately and again will most likely clash. It is worth spending some time trying to work on how to play to convey some different emotions and this experiment will be great fun too. Try to limit yourself to a few notes of the pentatonic scale and then investigate this fully by coming up with some short solos to elicit different emotions such as anger, sadness, happiness, excitement, wonder, laughter, etc. Hint – try using dynamics and volume as well as left and right hand techniques (e.g. into strings, bending or vibrato).
Improvisation becomes a central part of your practice as you develop, experimenting with the sound of notes over different chords and building up your techniques so that you can inject the things you have learnt into your playing. It is a skill and area of playing which is infinite as there are always new chord progressions with many different rhythms over which you can place your notes. It is a way to utilise scales, arpeggios and skill of tapping, sweep picking, bending or vibrato (to name but a few). Therefore, on your musical journey, improvisation becomes the way you explore and leave the well-trodden path of cover songs, tabs and copying others towards a wonderful understanding of harmony, melody and rhythm which in turn allows you to unleash your creativity.
I found some interesting quotes about improvisation, the Carl Verheyen ones were mentioned during this podcast episode (see link above):
Carl Verheyen: said that everything you learn is “money in the bank”, ready to withdraw it when you need it. They (taken from Chick Corea) said that
…even the very best of us are only truly improvising about 30% of the time. The rest of the time we are playing things we have already worked out…
This is great advice and should be a motivating factor when trying to nail good licks and techniques – after all, you will practise the things that you think sound good and it is encouraging to know that the more you practise those things, the more they will come out in your playing.
John McLaughlin said:
on a good night we play the things we know until we're warmed up enough physically and mentally to play the things we don't know.
This is another good piece of advice to keep in mind when performing. Allow yourself to warm up playing easier licks and ideas and bring the more challenging and on-the-spot creative things out when you have relaxed into your playing.
Themes:
Dan, in our lesson, finishes with an excellent idea to bear in mind if you, like me, are an aspiring improviser on the guitar. Often, when soloing over a backing track, the chord progression is a cyclic repetitive set of chords. This is really useful when improvising for a couple of reasons: First, you quickly get the progression into your head and so therefore begin to target the chord tones more easily. Second, you can improvise using ‘themes', as Dan calls them, or certain ideas, phrasing or techniques and change the theme at the start of each round. Dan demonstrates this towards the end of our podcast episode when they have me call out the themes and they then performs a round aimed at it. You can hear this selection embedded into my website post and hear Dan's great response to the themes I call out. This idea is really good because it will help you to avoid meandering aimlessly through a solo over a backing track (as Scott Henderson identifies many of us do) and will assist you in the moment to have some set ideas which you pre-plan to include in your improvised piece.
"I don't want to encourage gambling. I'm very happy now Steam has put it in their terms that 'you cannot use this for gambling,' but I still believe the skin economy is a good thing to have."
- Brendan Greene, creative lead of Playerunknown's Battlegrounds
Last man standing survival game Playerunknown's Battlegrounds has already amassed over 2 million sales on Steam, despite having been on sale for just over a month. It's fair to say then, that the Early Access battle royale title has found quite the following.
Still, it's important to put that success in perspective. It's early days after all, and given the nature of Early Access it's likely the game will evolve and change shape during the weeks and months ahead. With that in mind, we took the chance to quiz Playerunknown himself, Brendan Green, about the game's future during our recent Twitch stream.
More specifically, we wanted to find out more about their stance on monetization, given that people are already selling some of Battleground's cosmetic items and gear through the Steam community marketplace.
"Putting it bluntly I would like to own an island some day. But seriously, for me anything we do with the marketplace should be done to create a valuable economy," offered Greene, explaining that they'll likely implement a monetization system built around randomized reward crates further down the line.
"We're not doing monetization during early access, it'll be afterwards. So we'll have keys to open crates to make it simple. But we'll also try to have rarity, so by opening a crate you can get a skin that's worth £10 or $20," they continued.
"I don't want to encourage gambling. I'm very happy now Steam has put it in their terms that 'you cannot use this for gambling,' but I still believe the skin economy is a good thing to have in a game. Because it's monetization for us, but it also creates an economy for clothing items."
To hear more from Greene, including an explanation as to why they keep their unique moniker in the game's name, be sure to check out the full interview. And while you're over there, why not follow the Gamasutra Twitch channel for more developer interviews, editor roundtables and gameplay commentary.
by Micah J. Fleck
George Takei is a wonder – they have accused their Star Trek co-star William Shatner of being a “psychopath” for years with no evidence of such an extraordinary claim, and now they seem to be living under yet another delusion: that Gary Johnson is in favor of the Trans Pacific Partnership and hates poor people:
Oh, George…
The problem, of course, is that Johnson has gone on record denouncing the TPP (as I have reported on myself before), and being in favor of Universal Basic Income as a means of replacing the ever-rising minimum wage that never actually helps the poor anyway.
But do any of those facts actually matter to Takei? It wouldn't seem so. Instead, they would rather fear monger and turn voters away from the only electable candidate this year who is honest and holds an exemplary administrative track record. Over what? A handful of issues Takei clearly knows jack about?
The problem, however, is that many of Takei's fans might just listen to him. So despite us wishing we could ignore such foolishness, we must respond. And respond we have.
Live long and prosper, George – check your facts next time.
VANCOUVER, Wash.--Washington State University researchers have found that the more hunter-gatherers smoke cannabis, the less they are infected by intestinal worms. The link suggests that they may unconsciously be, in effect, smoking medical marijuana.
Ed Hagen, a WSU Vancouver anthropologist, explored cannabis use among the Aka foragers to see if people away from the cultural and media influences of Western civilization might use plant toxins medicinally.
"In the same way we have a taste for salt, we might have a taste for psychoactive plant toxins, because these things kill parasites," they said.
In an earlier study, Hagen found that the heavier tobacco smokers among the Aka also had fewer helminths, parasitic intestinal worms.
They caution, however, that the studies have their limits. While nicotine has been seen killing worms in livestock, that hasn't been directly demonstrated in humans. Cannabis kills worms in a petri dish, but researchers have not shown it killing worms in animals, Hagen said.
The Aka are a "pygmy" people of the Congo basin. As one of the world's last groups of hunter-gatherers, they offer anthropologists a window into a way of life accounting for some 99 percent of human history. They might also offer an alternative hypothesis to explain human drug use.
The prevailing explanation is that recreational drugs "hijack the pleasure centers of the brain," making people feel good. But they also trigger mechanisms that tell us we're consuming something toxic, tasting bitter and making us feel sick.
"So we thought, 'Why would so many people around the world be using plant toxins in this very 'recreational' way?" said Hagen. "If you look at non-human animals, they do the same thing, and what a lot of biologists think is they're doing it to kill parasites."
The issue is significant on at least two fronts, write Hagen and their colleagues, with substance abuse and intestinal helminth infection being "two of the developing world's great health problems." Their study appears in the American Journal of Human Biology.
Researchers are unsure when the Aka might have first smoked cannabis or when it arrived on the continent. It may have come with traders from the Indian subcontinent around the first century A.D., but Hagen and their colleagues say it might not have been smoked until European colonization in the 17th Century.
Hagen surveyed almost all of the nearly 400 adult Aka along the Lobaye River in the Central African Republic and found roughly 70 percent of the men and 6 percent of the women used cannabis. The polling was supported by bioassays of the men that found high enough levels of THCA, a metabolic byproduct of cannabis's active ingredient, to indicate that 68 percent of them had recently smoked.
Stool samples collected from the men to gauge their worm burden found some 95 percent of them were infected with helminths. But those who consumed cannabis had a significantly lower rate of infection. A year after being treated with a commercial antihelmintic, the cannabis users were reinfected with fewer worms.
While the Aka deliberately consume a tea of a local plant, motunga, to fight parasitic infections, they do not think of cannabis or tobacco as medicine, Hagen said. This suggests they are unconsciously using cannabis to ward off parasites, they said.
###
Hagen's co-authors on the study are Casey Roulette, who did the research as part of their WSU PhD, and Pasteur Institute researchers Mirdad Kazanji and Sébastien Breurec.
Indian soldiers, left, on a rescue mission to Nepal rush to board an Indian Air Force aircraft near New Delhi on April 26, 2015.
In remote mountain villages near the epicenter of Saturday's massive earthquake in Nepal, receiving outside help has become a matter of life or death.
The Himalayan nation is reeling from the magnitude 7.8 earthquake that struck 50 miles outside the capital, Kathmandu, and as of Monday afternoon had left at least 4,000 people dead. The country's worst quake in 81 years has severely damaged Nepal's already fragile infrastructure and aftershocks sent thousands into the streets.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample SIGN UP NOW
Countries around the world have pledged millions in assistance and some are already on the ground helping with rescue efforts and dispersal of aid. Altaf Qadri, an Associated Press photographer, is shadowing India's Air Force as it brings relief to survivors.
Qadri was supposed to cover the arrival of evacuated Indian nationals by the Air Force in New Delhi, but while on base, they met with other journalists who were lobbying officials to fly them into Nepal. With all commercial flights from New Delhi to Kathmandu canceled, they said, there was no way to fly there without their help.
They called their editors, who told them to board an Antonov An-32 military transport aircraft that was carrying supplies and stretchers to Kathmandu via Allahabad, in India's northeast. After a failed attempt on Sunday, they landed in Nepal on Monday morning.
The photographer was then handed authorization to follow the relief mission aboard a Mil Mi-17 helicopter to Trishuli Bazar, a town that is two hours north of Kathmandu by road. “A few small landslides have blocked the road leading to this place,” they tell TIME. “Many of the houses in the hills [have] collapsed, and the injured are in a bad situation.”
The flight time was about half an hour. “As soon as we approached the village to land, people started gathering around the helicopter," they say. "There were local volunteers in green T-shirts also in the crowd, which made a ring around helicopter to stop people [from coming] near the rotors.”
The Indian soldiers, joined by Nepalese troops, unloaded rice bags and other supplies before evacuating nine injured survivors to Kathmandu, where they captured the heart-wrenching image of a Nepalese mother trying to catch up with an Indian soldier. “[He] was rushing a wounded and unconscious child to a waiting ambulance at the Kathmandu airport,” Qadir says.
It's a scene that is likely to unfold over and over again as the country digs out.
Mikko Takkunen, who edited this photo essay, is an Associate Photo Editor at TIME. Follow them on Twitter @photojournalism .
Read next: How Facebook Is Helping Emergency Responders in Nepal
Listen to the most important stories of the day.
Lorde finally met them muse.
On Tuesday night, the 17-year-old Grammy Award winner from New Zealand posed for a photograph with Hall of Fame third baseman George Brett — who was the inspiration for their award-winning song, “Royals.”
As the story goes, Lorde — whose real name is Ella Yelich-O'Connor — was looking through a National Geographic magazine one day and saw a photo of a smiling Brett signing autographs for fans.
“He was a baseball player and their shirt said, ‘Royals,'” Lorde told VH1. “It was just that word. It's really cool.”
According to TMZ, Lorde's representatives contacted Brett and asked whether they would like to meet the singer before their Tuesday night concert in Las Vegas.
Brett had never been able to make a Lorde concert because of scheduling conflicts, but had sent them an autographed jersey when they had a concert in Kansas City, writing, “Lorde, you are Royal to me.”
Marriott International, facing devastation from Hurricane Irma that stranded more than 600 of its hotel guests on St. Thomas, chartered, on September 7, a 177-foot, 30,000-ton ship from the Dominican Republic at a cost of $100,000 and began coordinating with local authorities (representing multiple government entities) for permission for the ship to land and evacuate as many of these guests as possible.
In the face of hurdles related to weather, timing and logistics, the viability of the rescue operation remained touch and go as the clock ticked down. But ultimately, as night fell on Friday, September 8, the ship was able to leave port with all 620 guests aboard, to safe harbor in Puerto Rico, where they were provided with accommodations at other Marriott properties at no charge, as well as money for food and incidentals.
Tim Sheldon, president of the Caribbean and Latin America for Marriott International, helmed the operation from their command center in Orlando, in coordination with a mainland-based Marriott crisis team. They describe a sequence of challenging events that could overwhelm almost any business entity striving to protect and care for its customers in the face of a crisis of such daunting proportions.
Micah Solomon: First of all, was it always a “given” for you as a company that you were going to take care of these guests in their hour of peril? I've read the disclaimer on the door of my hotel room a time or two, and I don't recall that dramatic high-seas rescue coverage was part of that contract.
Tim Sheldon, President of the Caribbean and Latin America for Marriot International. There was zero debate here on this point. Taking care of people is central to our corporate ethos, and it's what we do as a hospitality company, both day to day and in times of peril, including in previous storms: Cancun (Wilma) and New Orleans (Katrina), among others.
Solomon: What were the first steps you took when it became likely that your guests on St. Thomas were at risk?
Sheldon: As soon as it was clear that Hurricane Irma was heading toward the islands, we followed protocols we have in place to prepare for potential severe storms.
The first step was to reduce occupancy levels as much as possible via regularly departing vessels and planes from the island, in advance of the storm.
Solomon: Was this successful?
Sheldon: Only partially, [because] quickly, the airport closed and regular ship transportation on St. Thomas dropped off, making our options extremely limited. At this point, 620 guests remained across three of our hotels on St. Thomas.
Solomon: Could these guests have “sheltered in place”?
Sheldon: There were two basic problems with this. First, the hotels seemed to have sustained enough damage from Irma to make us concerned that Hurricane Jose, which was coming next, could further–and more dangerously–damage them. Furthermore, we weren't sure [that] we could supply and resupply the guests if they stayed.
Solomon: So, it being clear to you that you had to get more than 600 people out, what were your next steps?
Sheldon: Operations and security teams evaluated any reasonable idea we could find for evacuating guests – including military planes, helicopters and boats.
The solution we came up with, on September 7, was to commission a ferry [the MV Kydon, a 30,000-ton passenger/cargo ship 177 meters in length] to depart from the Dominican Republic, go on to Puerto Rico, and then depart from there on Friday, September 8, to collect our guests.
Solomon: Once you had the ship hired, did this rescue operation go essentially smoothly–“by the books,” as they say–or was it tick-tick-tick down to the wire, with it never being clear until the last moment whether this was going to work or not?
Sheldon: There was really no “book” for this, unfortunately, as everything had to happen extremely quickly. Conditions deteriorating on the island, paired with the news of Hurricane Jose being en route, gave us a very limited window. It was, there's no way around it, a high-stress, minute-to-minute situation.
Solomon: What were some of the nail-bite-inducing factors? Were there variables that didn't resolve in your favor until the last minute?
Sheldon: We didn't know until we were almost out of time whether the ferry could even leave Puerto Rico to come to St. Thomas; it wasn't clear [that the] waters were passable and that we were going to get authorization from the U.S. Coast Guard in time. And, even once the ship was under way, we didn't know if the ferry would make it in time and if it would be allowed to dock (the owner of the dock in St. Thomas would make that call).
Solomon: What about even getting the guests to the dock from the hotel, in the face of the damaged infrastructure?
Sheldon: On this front, the minister of tourism was helpful in finding appropriate transportation of guests–not easy, when the roads were all but unpassable due to hurricane damage.
What was harder was that, because of crowd control concerns on the part of the company that owned the dock, they would not allow people to collect there ahead of time—we had to time their arrival to be almost exactly at the moment that the boat was ready to accept them aboard.
Solomon: You say the local tourism minister was helpful at this point. But overall, were you sure you had secured the cooperation of the local authorities—that they would even let the people on the boat if they were able to get there?
Sheldon: We had to operate within very strict parameters to have the best chance of making them comfortable with this operation. Because of the governmental entities with power over exits and documentation on the island, part of what we had to do was to submit detailed guest information for the ferry manifest. (The authorities required legal names, ages, dates of birth and medical information for every passenger they were going to allow to come on board). We got permission from our guests to release this [information] and we gave [the local authorities] a detailed manifest in response to this requirement.
Solomon: I've seen some troubling posts on social media about people who were, for whatever reason, not allowed to board the ship. If so, who wasn't letting them on the boat? Was this a Marriott decision? What more can you tell me about what was happening on the ground, on the ship, on the telephones—if you even had telephone communication at this point–
Sheldon: We did everything we could to help, ultimately to no avail. Approximately 35 people who were not Marriott guests, and therefore whose names were not on the detailed manifest required by the local authorities, arrived at the dock gates wanting passage off the island.
Solomon: Do you know who these 35 people were?
Sheldon: To our understanding, these were guests from other hotels and some local residents as well. Beyond that, we are limited in our knowledge, but this had no effect on our desire to assist.
Solomon: What happened?
Sheldon: The security personnel employed by the dock company would not—and we asked them repeatedly–allow them through the port gates and boarding area, because they were not on the manifest we prepared in advance, as a requirement for the boat to depart for international waters.
The general managers who run our hotels on St. Thomas tried to work with dock personnel to allow them to get on the ship—we certainly had roomed aboard, which makes this both frustrating and disheartening.
Solomon: Do you think that every entrepreneur and business has a similar responsibility for its customers? Or is this something unique to being in the hospitality/lodging business?
Sheldon: I believe that all businesses, in every industry, have a responsibility to their customers, their employees and their communities. But maybe the lines are more clearly drawn in the hospitality industry because of the nature of what we do day to day. People are trusting us every day to accommodate them safely and to make their experience our priority.
SEATTLE -- A 28-year-old man invaded an 8-year-old's birthday party Wednesday at Green Lake, ate multiple pieces of pizza, and stole two balloon animals, according to the Seattle Police Department. The man was superfluously described by police as "very high."
According to police, the shirtless, shoeless man sat down at a table of children shortly before 6 p.m. and proceeded to eat their pizza and steal their balloon animals.
They refused parents' requests to leave and got into a heated exchange with several families, according to police.
Officers reportedly arrived to find the man lying in the grass near the wading pool and under the influence of some kind of potent relaxant.
According to police, the man tried to walk away from officers when they offered to take them to a hospital and was arrested. They were booked into King County Jail for investigation of theft.
This crime reporter would like to take a moment to remind the 8-year-old victim that while pizza and balloon animals come and go, memories of a super-high man crashing your birthday party last a lifetime.
Hey folks!
So we announced this to Patrons earlier in the week, but the news is now public so here's a public post.
Noclip's next series is going to be a deep dive into CD Projekt's The Witcher franchise. The series will celebrate it's ten-year anniversary in October, so we thought what better time to fly to Warsaw and spend eight days talking to the team about the evolution of this franchise.
It's our biggest project to date, our longest filming window and we're determined to ensuring fans of the franchise get what they deserve; a thoughtful analysis of the history and design of this series.
In fact, if you're a fan of this game we want your help.
We've done retrospectives on a lot of games over the past ten months, but this one feels a little different. There is a lot of ground to cover. We could spend hours talking about the combat, or the music, or the various ways Geralt likes to tie up their hair. We have to pick our battles with this project, so we want to know what The Witcher community would like us to cover.
Our plan is to focus some element of the story on the history of CD Projekt itself. I want to find out how the quest team worked to write so many dynamic quests, and ask about how the vast world of Wild Hunt was crafted. I'm going to ask about monster design, why the first game never made it to consoles, and loads more. But it would be great to hear what die-hard fans of the series would like to know about too.
I'll be keeping an eye on Reddit threads, fan sites and the usual games coverage watering holes (I'm looking at you GAF) but I'd also invite you to comment on this post, tweet at me or even get involved with the Patreon community here on Noclip. We'll be posting pre-production updates along with our usual assortment of Q&As, Google Hangouts. patron exclusive behind-the-scenes features and early access to the videos.
The Witcher is a special franchise, so we've made special time to tell this story properly. I hope you can join us on this quest.
Thanks for your time,
Danny
At hearings last week on reform and renewal of parts of the PATRIOT Act, Sen. Al Franken (D-MN) made a big show of reading the full text of the Fourth Amendment to Assistant Attorney General David Kris (who, just going out on a limb, had probably seen it). On Thursday, a notably less vocal Franken joined theirs a bipartisan majority of their Senate Judiciary Committee colleagues in a lopsided vote that torpedoed even the most modest of proposals to introduce elementary civil liberties safeguards into the USA PATRIOT Act.
As I noted in a post earlier this week, there were two main reform proposals on the table: An impressively comprehensive and careful one floated by Sen. Russ Feingold (D-WI), and a much more limited one from Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT) that nevertheless would have tightened the rules to require that so-called “pen/trap” surveillance and broad “section 215” orders for private records only target individuals with at least some plausible connection to terrorists or terrorism. Some of us had nourished a foolish hope that the Committee might see fit to incorporate some of the most important elements of Feingold's reform into the Leahy bill. Instead, Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) swooped in at the last minute with substitute legislation that stripped away even the mild but important limitations that were already there. There's a single bizarre exception for records obtained from libraries, presumably because librarians have long been at the forefront of opposition to PATRIOT and section 215 authority, where the higher standard obtains. So if you surf the Web or check out books from your public library, your activities enjoy greater privacy protection than when you surf the web or order books off Amazon from your home or workplace.
The rationale for this was the fear, articulated by Feinstein, that a higher standard might interfere with an important “ongoing investigation.” First, it should be a little distressing if the current investigative methods in use would be utterly disrupted without the ability to broadly acquire records that don't pertain to terrorists, nor to suspected activities of terrorists, nor even to people directly in contact with suspected terrorists. Second, even granting that it might be better not to change the rules for investigations currently underway, this explanation doesn't hold up to scrutiny. The authority under 215 to compel the production of records or other “tangible things” (a blood or DNA sample from your doctor's office, say) has always had a built-in expiration or “sunset” date, which all the proposals under consideration would have extended for another four years. But the sunset provisions have always included a grandfather clause, allowing the new PATRIOT powers and standards to remain in place for ongoing investigations, even as they expired for new investigations. There's no reason a similar clause couldn't have been added to Leahy's reforms in order to avoid disrupting searches already underway. Finally, Marcy Wheeler of Firedoglake has a guess as to what that “ongoing investigation” entailed, and without going into great detail, it sounds like a sufficiently narrowly tailored order probably should have been available for the kind of investigation Wheeler envisions even under the more stringent standard Leahy had proposed. Back in 2005, incidentally, those slightly stricter standards had won the unanimous acceptance of the Judiciary Committee—so apparent we've achieved Change in the level of concern for civil liberties, albeit maybe not the sort for which some of us had Hoped.
But wait, it gets worse.
The standard established in the Feinstein substitute is, at least arguably, even less protective than current law. Thanks to some anemic checks imposed under the 2005 PATRIOT reauthorization, investigators at least have to present a judge with a statement of facts “showing reasonable grounds to believe” that the records or pen/trap surveillance sought will be “relevant” to an investigation, with records pertaining to suspected terrorists or their activities or their contacts being “presumptively relevant.” Feinstein's bill scraps that language and requires “a statement of the facts and circumstances relied upon by the applicant to justify the belief of the applicant” that the information sought will be “relevant,” though it also removes the language specifying categories of “presumptively relevant” records. So why bother swapping out the “reasonable grounds to believe” language for this awkward, doubly-reflexive formulation about the applicant's belief? One assumes it has to make some difference or they wouldn't have bothered, and it sounds rather like an attempt to eliminate any hint of an objective standard of review (are the grounds objectively reasonable?) in favor of something like a “good faith” test that focuses on the investigator's subjective state of mind.
None of this is final yet: The Judiciary Committee will meet next Thursday, consider potential amendments for a maximum of one hour, and then vote on the final language to send to the full Senate for approval. But the clear momentum at present is against any kind of meaningful change to the sweeping surveillance powers Congress has granted the government in recent years.
World Meteorological Organization: World Is In “Truly Uncharted Territory” Following 2016's Record-Breaking Heat (+ 2017's Strange Weather)
March 24th, 2017 by James Ayre
Following 2016's record-breaking heat (the year marked a new record as regards global average temperature), and 2017's already quite strange weather, we are now in “truly uncharted territory,” according to a new report from the World Meteorological Organization.
While 2016's extremes can be partly attributed to the lingering effects of El Niño (how much? who knows?), 2017's strange weather is harder to simply dismiss, as some may prefer to do. In particular, the state of sea ice extent in the Arctic and Antarctic is “alarming,” as the regions have been lingering at record-low levels or near-record-low levels for months now.
“Even without a strong El Niño in 2017, we are seeing other remarkable changes across the planet that are challenging the limits of our understanding of the climate system. We are now in truly uncharted territory,” commented David Carlson, the director of the WMO's world climate research programme, as reported in The Guardian.
“Earth is a planet in upheaval due to human-caused changes in the atmosphere,” stated Jeffrey Kargel, a glaciologist at the University of Arizona. “In general, drastically changing conditions do not help civilisation, which thrives on stability.”
To build on that statement, the last time that the world was this warm was around 115,000 years ago, and the last time that atmospheric carbon dioxide levels were as high as they are now was around 4 million years ago. To explain what may seem at first to some to be a discrepancy there: it takes a while for the effects of atmospheric carbon dioxide levels to build to the point of their max temperature forcing — not all of the effects and activated feedback loops are immediate.
With that taken into account, it's pretty clear at this point that the world's ice caps aren't likely to persist for more than a few hundred years (at the most), that the Arctic Ocean is likely to be free of sea ice within the near future. Additionally, a fast collapse of Greenland's ice sheet is a real (and very dangerous) possibility.
“Arctic ice conditions have been tracking at record low conditions since October, persisting for 6 consecutive months, something not seen before in the (four-decade) satellite data record,” commented Prof Julienne Stroeve, at University College London in the UK. “Over in the southern hemisphere, the sea ice also broke new record lows in the seasonal maximum and minimum extents, leading to the least amount of global sea ice ever recorded.”
Emily Shuckburgh, of the British Antarctic Survey, commented as well: “The Arctic may be remote, but changes that occur there directly affect us. The melting of the Greenland ice sheet is already contributing significantly to sea level rise, and new research is highlighting that the melting of Arctic sea ice can alter weather conditions across Europe, Asia and North America.”
The Guardian adds: “Global sea level rise surged between November 2014 and February 2016, with the El Niño event helping the oceans rise by 15mm. That jump would have taken 5 years under the steady rise seen in recent decades, as ice caps melt and oceans get warmer and expand in volume. Final data for 2016 sea level rise have yet to be published.”
That's quite “impressive” in a way. I've always been very skeptical of the rather conservative sea level rise predictions put out there by groups such as the IPCC. It's looking pretty likely at this point that there will be significant sea level rise before the end of the century, regardless of any possible efforts to notably reduce global greenhouse gas emissions today or in coming years.
Discerning cinematographers know that different jobs and projects often require different tools. With digital cinema technology proliferating at an incredible rate, cinematographers now have such a wide variety of camera systems to choose from that the process of deciding which one meets the technical and aesthetic needs of any given project can often be entirely overwhelming. If only all of the relevant technical information for each high-end digital cinema camera could be aggregated into one place, maybe into the form of a well-organized chart --Luckily for us, Tom Fletcher over at CineVerse, a nationwide rental house, put together just such a chart with all of the major digital cinema cameras on the market today (the high-end ones, at least), and it's an insanely helpful graphic that puts our top-of-the-line digital cinema technology into perspective.
The following chart is a relatively quick look at all of today's digital cinema cameras, but it pulls out the most relevant technical information that a cinematographer would need to know and puts it into a readable and well-organized format. This chart also has a column for the definitive pros for each of these cameras, which makes it easy to see which of them meets the needs of your project. It also includes the average daily rental rate for each in a body-only scenario. Super helpful stuff.
The following images are just a portion of the full chart, so click on either one to be taken to the PDF, which you can download and print for convenience.
There are a few things that stand out to me after spending way too much time staring at this chart. The first is that, from a technical perspective, all of these cameras are incredibly different in terms dynamic range, bit depth, recording formats/sizes, anamorphic compatibility, frame rates, etc. Based on this information, it should be relatively easy to determine whether or not any given camera meets the technical requirements of your project.
The second thing that stands out is that 35mm film, despite the fact that it's being used less and less these days, still has a few major technical advantages over current digital cinema technology, the most important of which is dynamic range, which comes in around 15 stops, maybe 16. Only the DRAGON sensor (with HDRx enabled) offers comparable dynamic range. Even then, film still has more of its usable dynamic range in the highlights than any digital sensor, including the ones in ARRI's cameras.
Ultimately, all of this technical information is just the first piece in a much larger puzzle. As important as it is to be well-versed in the technical aspects of these cameras, the more pressing issue is whether or not each sensor's unique aesthetic can help you tell your story the best. That's a much tougher nut to crack, and it takes some diligent camera testing to determine the aesthetic differences between these cameras. That, however, is a topic for another day.
Link: 2014 Camera Comparison Chart -- CineVerse
All of the members of President Donald Trump's Cabinet have had their gag reflexes surgically excised to help orally provide uninterrupted pleasure to their boss, according to multiple anonymous White House sources.
The heads of 15 executive departments, as well as Vice President Mike Pence, underwent the procedure in response to Trump's demand that they continuously gratify them with their mouths, the sources said.
“The president has enacted a White House policy demanding that, at all times, at least one member of their Cabinet orally indulges them nonstop,” one unnamed administration staffer reported. “So the vice president and the heads of every department — as well as some of their top staffers — had their gag reflexes taken out to facilitate their ability to meet their exceptional need for underlings to accommodate them with such favors around the clock, including during those few hours they actually sleep.”
The minor medical procedure was necessary to facilitate their job duties, namely maximizing and enhancing the pleasure Trump derives from their lip service.
Another source said some Cabinet members were initially reluctant to eliminate the natural reflex that causes gagging but eventually concluded the minor medical procedure was necessary to facilitate their job duties, namely maximizing and enhancing the pleasure Trump derives from their lip service.
“I don't care how much you practice sucking up, eventually you're going to throw up in your mouth a little bit, especially when you're orally gratifying an obese 71-year-old man — or watching someone else do it.”
OAKLAND — One man was killed and another wounded in an East Oakland shooting Monday morning, police said.
The names of the victims were not released pending notification of relatives. Police said the man killed was 25 and lived in the area.
The man wounded is believed to be 20. It was not known where they lived.
The shooting happened about 1:24 a.m. in the 1800 block of 28th Avenue in the Fruitvale district.
Police responding to a ShotSpotter alert found the two men suffering from gunshot wounds.
The older man died at the scene and the other was taken to a hospital in stable condition.
Witnesses reported seeing two possible suspects run from the area after the shooting. Detailed descriptions were not available.
Police don't have a motive yet and no arrests have been made.
The killing is the 63rd homicide investigated by Oakland police this year. Last year at this time police had investigated 81 homicides.
Police and Crime Stoppers of Oakland are offering up to $15,000 in reward money for information leading to the arrest of the killer. Anyone with information may call police at 510-238-3821 or Crime Stoppers at 510-777-8572.
The SXSW Comedy Festival has released the schedule for its upcoming slate of shows, the tenth since the week-long event grew out of a single night of comedy back in 2008. This year's line-up is heavy on programs based on current and upcoming TV and streaming shows, with Seeso's HarmonQuest and Night Train, and Comedy Central's @midnight all topping the bill.
Performers at this year's festival—which runs from March 10 through March 18—include Doug Benson, Jason Mantzoukas, Guy Branum, John Hodgman, Scott Aukerman, Morgan Murphy, Michael Ian Black, Wanda Sykes, and many more. Other notable shows at this year's festival include live tapings of Comedy Bang Bang!, Harmontown, and Doug Loves Movies, plus an exclusive interview panel with Bob Odenkirk. You can see the full festival line-up right here.
Gabriel Sherman writes that the poor reaction to Megyn Kelly's primetime FOX special, Megyn Kelly Presents, has spooked the news anchor as they position themselves for negotiations at the end of their Fox News contract–so much so that a phone call to their publicist led to an immediate hang-up.
From New York Magazine:
Megyn Kelly's much-publicized broadcast special with Donald Trump was supposed to launch the Fox News star into the stratosphere of television anchordom. Instead, the widely panned show seems to have achieved the opposite result: It exposed the extent of their limited mainstream appeal. Kelly drew just 4.8 million viewers on Tuesday night, a number television executives say is a disappointment by any measure. Three senior executives I spoke with say an audience of 9 million would have been a success. “Not good for them at all,” was how one insider put it.
In the days since, Kelly has been working to contain the fallout. They took aim at critics on their cable show Wednesday night by deploying an age-old Fox News tactic: claiming the backlash was a result of liberal media bias. But behind the scenes, they are said to be worried about the response. “She's very upset with the show reaction, and in hindsight with how it was produced,” one Fox veteran told me.
The stakes for Kelly are high. As the Times recently reported, she's in the final year of their contract and has been on a media blitz campaigning for a bigger job at Fox or another network. In recent interviews, she's said their ambition is to be a combination of Oprah, Charlie Rose, and Barbara Walters. The special was essentially a public interview for their next job.
Read the rest of the story here.
Jordan's Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein will have the support of NZ Football for the looming Fifa presidential election.
New Zealand Football is prepared to suffer backlash as a result of changing loyalties from incumbent Fifa president Sepp Blatter to their challenger Prince Ali bin Al-Hussein in the wake of an international scandal involving the organisation.
NZF president Mark Aspden confirmed on Friday that its executive committee had decided to support Prince Ali, of Jordan, in the Fifa presidential election at the world governing body's annual congress in Zurich overnight.
Australia has also said it will vote for Prince Ali but it seems Blatter remains the favourite to retain their role.
"Given the developments in the past 48 hours - which have been deeply distressing for all of us who love football - New Zealand Football believes substantive change is now essential within Fifa as soon as possible to repair its tarnished reputation," Aspden said.
"The executive committee believes that real change can only be implemented with a new president in place, and accordingly, we have opted to support the election of Prince Ali bin Al-Hussein."
Before events of recent days, and the arrest of eight Fifa officials, NZF had aligned themselves with the Blatter camp. Blatter was at the helm when New Zealand earned the hosting right for the Fifa Under-20 World Cup which starts in Auckland on Saturday.
But Aspden said they could no longer support the president.
"We have previously supported President Blatter but it was always a balance. In our view the events in the past 24 hours mean that it is impossible for us to take the position that meaningful change can occur under the current leadership."
Aspden said they were aware there may be a backlash from the decision.
"If there is, there is. We are voting on principle and not because we feel we will be rewarded one way or another. Actually if there is a backlash there will be a lot of people in the line with us so we will just have to wear it.
"We would hope not. We have worked well with Fifa. It shouldn't be a punishable offence to have a different view. The most important thing for us is to do what we think is right for the game. Sometimes at some point you have just got to make a stand for what you think is right."
Aspen was asked whether NZF may have alienated other countries in Oceania with the decision, but was defiant.
"I think friends should be able to take different positions on even important issues without it impacting their overall friendship. We are not trying to say they are wrong if they come to a different decision. We would hope they would accept our decision in the same way."
Aspden said New Zealand Football chief executive Andy Martin and an executive committee member in Zurich had been involved in a number of discussions and from those it was clear there was "a lot more support" for President Ali "than there was 48 hours ago".
They said it was unclear whether that was enough to get Prince Ali over the line.
"There's nothing guaranteed. But we are more confident than we would be more confident than we would be with the present regime. Certainly aspects of their manifesto are very positive.
"He is the only other candidate in the race so they are the only other option for change."
Share. Relive those glorious Nintendo 64 days. Relive those glorious Nintendo 64 days.
Some of the finest video game music of all time is coming to a record player near you. In the wake of its fantastic Battletoads vinyl, which was available at San Diego Comic-Con 2015, iam8bit is teaming up with Rare and Xbox to deliver a few more classic soundtracks in their own incredible packages.
Rare Albums 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 11 01 OF 11 Rare Albums Download Image Captions ESC
First up is the Banjo-Kazooie original soundtrack, composed by Grant Kirkhope. The classic Nintendo 64 platformer has some of the most impressive, dynamic music of its time, and still holds up nearly 20 years later. Next is the Perfect Dark OST, with art that's inspired by classic James Bond book covers. Finally, the SDCC-exclusive Battletoads soundtrack is also being reissued.
All three albums are limited edition, with only 3,000 copies being available each. All of this comes on the heels of Microsoft's launch of Rare Replay, a collection of 30 games from the prolific developer's 30-year library.
Exit Theatre Mode
Starting Tuesday, August 4 at 10am PT, you'll be able to pre-order this trio at store.iam8bit.com. Of course, iam8bit is no stranger to releasing rad video game vinyl, which is evident from their Hotline Miami 2 Collector's Edition, and Journey sets.
Marty Sliva is a Senior Editor at IGN. They once ate a whole blueberry. Follow them on Twitter @McBiggitty.
The Drag Race alum tap dances in ‘Little Baby Beauty Queen', a twisted take on stage moms from Jawbreaker director Darren Stein
Text Trey Taylor
Despite looking like they've stepped out of an advert for Saint Laurent Paris, Julie Edwards and Lindsey Troy of rock band Deap Vally met in a crochet class in LA. Not only did they bond over loop stitches, the pair found common ground in their love of rock'n'roll. With their first album, 2013's Sistrionix, Deap Vally tore up the girl rock rulebook. Now they fill the void left by bands like Hole and L7. Their brand of rock is both growly and unashamedly feminist. For their recently released follow-up, Femejism, they take that one step further. The duo tapped the director of Jawbreaker and G.B.F., Darren Stein, to lend their sugary schadenfreude to their video for the single “Little Baby Beauty Queen”. The video stars RuPaul's Drag Race season seven favourite Trixie Mattel, dolled up in their signature borderless cotton candy lips and mile high blonde wig. A mash-up of 1962's What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? and the unsolved mystery of American beauty queen JonBenét Ramsey, “Little Baby Beauty Queen” is the story of a young girl and their overbearing mum, who coerces them into the limelight. Trixie channels the Ramsey-like daughter, tap dancing for their trailer park neighbours and working on their tan against them will. The ending is left ambiguous, but it's a visceral display of trailer park savagery that fits well with the brash, feedback-filled sound of Deap Vally. Here, Trixie Mattel discusses working on the video, meeting legendary Alien actor Veronica Cartwright, and how they felt about Alaska slithering their way to the crown of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars 2.
How did you end up working on “Little Baby Beauty Queen”? Trixie Mattel: I met Darren Stein at DragCon, which is a drag convention. I know their work because Jawbreaker was part of the formative years of my life with that movie on loop. I mean life changing. So when I met them I was in drag and I literally, on this pink carpet, in front of God and everyone, fell down to my knees and grabbed their hand and was like, ‘Oh my God, Jawbreaker affected me strongly. You were so great, thank you for creating that.' Then we became friends and I got a call from them because they got my number from a friend. They said, ‘I'm working on this video for Deap Vally and it's a JonBenét Ramsey type of story.' Any time anyone wants me to put on a corset and a wig in the sunlight in California in a trailer park, I say yes – that's my rule. JonBenét Ramsey? Like the unsolved mystery of the 6-year-old beauty queen who was murdered? Trixie Mattel: Yeah. I was very strongly influenced by JonBenét Ramsey because I was young. I'm 27, so when they were in the papers, I was a little too young to really read what had happened. But I knew that this beautiful young girl that looked like a Barbie doll was on every single news article and I was like wow, she's so famous but I didn't know why because I couldn't really read. Darren explained to me that Veronica Cartwright's character was based on a sort of crazy stage mum and you were a Baby Jane type character. Did they go into that with you? Trixie Mattel: Yeah, pretty much. They were like, ‘Whether or not you actually enjoy being a performer is irrelevant because it's all about your mum controlling you and trying to make you into something.' They have that intensity. You know, like they have those big beautiful blue eyes and she's kind of scary. Like between scenes, I was talking to Darren and I was like ‘Veronica's scary.'
“You can't just look cool in drag, you have to also be good at something […] Bianca Del Rio doesn't do kick flips, you know what I mean?” – Trixie Mattel
Veronica Cartwright's career is incredible. Did you quiz them on some of their famous roles? Trixie Mattel: No, I didn't want to bring it up. I try not to. Whenever I work with famous people, I start to picture people naked. I try to forget that that person is that person and that's the only way I can get through it. Anytime I work with RuPaul I'm like, ‘Oh, that's a statue.' They look so perfect and tall and beautiful. I saw Dolly Parton at the Hollywood Bowl and we didn't meet or anything, but I was watching from on stage, and it took me until halfway through the show to be like, ‘That's really Dolly Parton! That's not someone else.' Do you know what I mean? Yeah, for sure. Trixie Mattel: Maybe I've worked in drag too long. I'm like, ‘That's not the real person.' Like if I saw Cher, I'd probably be like, that's Chad Michaels. What was it about Deap Vally that really made you want to get involved? Trixie Mattel: Well I love the Donnas, I love Heart, I love Veruca Salt. I love chick rock bands and when I started listening to Deap Vally I was so into it. Plus, if you could see those girls in real life. Oh my god! They're actual rockstars. Once the stylist got a hold of them and they were in full hair and makeup and the costumes, I was like, ‘Woah, you guys are real celebrities.' Also, shout out to that hot ginger guy with no shirt ironing in the background if you haven't caught that yet. I need to go back and watch again. Trixie Mattel: Big ginger daddy who's all muscular and ironing their t-shirt in the background. And you never got their number? Trixie Mattel: No, come on. You can't get numbers when you're dressed like a carnival clown. It's terrible.
Courtesy of Darren Stein
Do you think it's important for drag queens to have talent? Trixie Mattel: You can't just look cool in drag, you have to also be good at something. Or if you're Bob (the Drag Queen), you don't have to look cool, you can just be good at something. I think drag is all about celebrating drag queens for what they can do. So if you're going to be Carmen Carrera you can be the most beautiful naked drag queen in the world. Or if you're going to be a Courtney Act, she's not hilarious, she's a pop singer. So celebrate people for what they're good at. Bianca Del Rio doesn't do kick flips, you know what I mean? Can you do a split? Trixie Mattel: I can't split. I can't death drop. I can't drag queen for shit, I'm worthless. I always get so nervous watching queens do a death drop. Trixie Mattel: Well Kennedy Davenport told me that the reason you can do it is because they wear those big hairs and pads so you kind of fall on the padding of your butt and your wig; that's what breaks the fall. That makes so much sense. Trixie Mattel: There is a YouTube video of a drag queen doing a death drop and they knock themselves out. It's pretty cool. They think she's kidding and they keep trying to stand up and she's so dizzy from being knocked out that they keep falling over. And the audience is laughing because they think it's a bit. It's pretty cool. But I did get to tap dance in the video so that was cool.
“I don't even think Katya thought they were going to win. They didn't. They were like, ‘It's Alaska, they did the best.' You know, if it's an actual sport, why should the person with the second most points get first prize?” – Trixie Mattel
The textbook list for local high schoolers could soon include one more book: the Bible.
The textbook list for local high schoolers could soon include one more book: the Bible.
A bill introduced in the North Carolina General Assembly last month would allow school districts across the state to offer high school elective classes on the Bible. According to the bill, the classes could cover the Old Testament, the New Testament or both. They must "follow federal and state law in maintaining religious neutrality and accommodating the diverse religious views, traditions and perspectives of the students," the bill says. And they can start as soon as the bill becomes law.
For schools in Southeastern North Carolina, these classes would be a return to the past. High schools in New Hanover, Pender and Brunswick counties taught Bible-focused classes for years. But those classes have all ended in the past decade due to either questions about their legitimacy or a lack of interest from students.
The bill has been in the state Senate committee on rules and operations since Feb. 27. With the classes potentially on the horizon again, some local school district officials and students think they'll be a good addition to the curriculum.
Past classes
The Executive Committee of the Bible, a local church-supported group, hired and paid teachers for Bible classes in New Hanover County for more than 50 years. But in the mid-2000s, the American Civil Liberties Union started asking questions about whether the classes violated laws about studying religion in public schools.
The classes stopped being taught in the districts shortly thereafter. Rick Holliday, New Hanover County Schools' assistant superintendent for student support, said the decision to stop offering the classes was prompted by those questions, but also by an issue with teacher certification. Almost all of the Bible class teachers hired by the Executive Committee weren't licensed teachers, Holliday said.
Pender County ran into a similar teacher certification situation in 2006 with its Bible classes, which were taught by teachers hired and paid for by the Pender County Ministerial Association. After that, the district began hiring its own teachers to lead the classes, which were categorized as history or literature electives, said Joyce Keith, Pender County Schools spokesperson.
But those courses were dropped last year after they couldn't attract enough students to justify holding a class, Keith said. The same thing happened in Brunswick County, which had its own history and English teachers leading courses on the Bible in literature and history. Those ended several years ago when students stopped signing up for them, said Jessica Swencki, Brunswick County Schools spokesperson.
Holliday, a former Laney High School principal, said they remembered the classes in New Hanover County as covering broad topics, such as studying the Old and New Testaments, and more specific ones, such as the letters of Paul, an early Christian leader who is believed by many to have written much of the New Testament.
The current bill says that school districts could offer classes that give students "familiarity with the contents, history, style, structure, and societal influence of the Hebrew scriptures (Old Testament) or the New Testament" or classes that cover "knowledge of biblical content, characters, poetry, and narratives that are prerequisites to understanding contemporary society and culture."
Local reaction
Members of Murray Middle School's Bible and Fellowship of Christian Athletes clubs all said they'd sign up for a Bible class like the ones proposed. But they wondered how it would work to have students of different faiths taking the same courses.
Seventh-grader Owen Hughes suggested that schools offer multiple classes in varying degrees – such as Bible I, II or III. Students who weren't as familiar with some of the Bible's teachings could take the general introductory courses to learn more, they said.
They also wondered how much interest it would actually drum up. Sixth-grader Andy Risley thought students would shy away from the course, thinking that "it's just another history class," they said.
Holliday said they thought that parents and students would be interested in the classes if they were implemented again, noting that state lawmakers from both political parties are backing it. The bill, sponsored by state Sen. Stan Bingham, has support from 12 other Republicans, including state Sen. Thom Goolsby, and four Democrats.
Despite that support, Holliday said, they aren't sure if the bill would stir up question from the ACLU. Sarah Preston, policy director at the American Civil Liberties Union-North Carolina, said the classes would have to be taught so as no to "promote or disparage religion, or alienate students with different beliefs."
"But because religious belief is such a personal issue, we believe it's a topic best left to the student's parents, and not government bureaucrats or school officials," they said.
To school board Chairman Don Hayes, that lines up with the bill's requirements that the class be an elective.
"I could understand if you were of a different faith and didn't want your child in there," Hayes said. "Then fine – they don't have to take it. But if someone wants to take it, I don't think they should be denied."
This article contains material from the Associated Press.
Pressley Baird: 343-2328
On Twitter: @PressleyBaird
A new meta-study published this month concluded that driving after using marijuana doubles the risk of a car crash, and opponents of legalization are already touting this as a reason to keep the drug illegal. Yet before there's a public uproar for stricter marijuana DUI laws, it's important to put things in perspective -- we must consider the risk involved and make sure the punishment fits the crime. While weak DUI laws clearly jeopardize public safety, overly strict rules or harsh penalties can ruin the lives of innocent drivers who aren't truly impaired.
Anything that doubles the risk of a car accident should be avoided, and no one is saying it's ok for people to drive after using marijuana. NORML has been telling smokers this for years, writing in their Principles of Responsible Cannabis Use, "The responsible cannabis consumer does not operate a motor vehicle or other dangerous machinery while impaired by cannabis, nor (like other responsible citizens) while impaired by any other substance or condition." Just like you shouldn't drive after drinking alcohol, you shouldn't drive after smoking cannabis.
But that's not to say marijuana impacts driving performance the same as alcohol. Driving under the influence of marijuana doubles your risk of a crash, while a just-barely-illegal .08 BAC increases your risk eleven-fold -- yet the penalties are the same. After Colorado voters legalized cannabis for adult use, the legislature voted to criminalize driving under the influence of marijuana, using 5 nanograms of THC per milliliter of blood as the cut-off point for impairment (which is problematic for a host of reasons, and daily users have tested as high as 13.5 ng/ml while completely sober). Drivers found to be impaired by marijuana are charged with the same crime as drunk drivers, making it impossible to separately analyze the data, and applying the same punishments to two behaviors with very different levels of risk.
In comparison, studies have shown that texting while driving similarly doubles the risk of a crash, and making phone calls actually triples it. And how are those risky behaviors dealt with? Colorado did ban texting while driving in 2009, with first offenses punished with a $50 ticket and second offenses jumping to $100. This year, a bill to widen the scope of that law to include phone calls was rejected by the state legislature.
Punishments for driving under the influence of marijuana are exponentially harsher. Aside from the burden of a criminal record, a first marijuana DUI conviction in Colorado comes with a minimum five days in jail, $600 fine, and 48 hours of community service. These can go as high as a year in jail, $1000 fine, 96 hours of service, and two years of probation. As part of its educational campaigns, the state of Colorado touts how costly a DUI can be: when considering legal fees, increased insurance premiums, and other associated expenses, a first offense costs about $10,270 -- over 200 times the cost of a first offense of texting while driving, which studies say is just as dangerous. No evidence supports this gaping difference; the law was more a knee-jerk reaction by the legislature than a reasoned deliberation.
The War on Drugs has been an undeniable failure, and regulating marijuana like alcohol is a big step toward a more sensible approach to drugs in our country. But as we update our policies, let's ensure they also recognize that marijuana and alcohol are different in many ways. DUI laws should be based on actual risk, not political expediency.
Since those early days at the gym, Cannon has been able to collaborate with some of boxing's greatest minds. They currently train with Micky Ward (played by Mark Wahlberg in The Fighter) and has been advised by Freddie Roach (the legendary trainer of Manny Pacquiao). Cannon and hall of fame referee Steve Smoger also worked together to develop the unified rules for competition. The rules for wheelchair boxing are an amalgamation of the standard USA Boxing rules and the State of Connecticut Boxing Competition Statutes with a few significant differences.
The two competitors are sitting down and matches feature four 90 second rounds (six for championships) with a one minute rest in-between. The fighters are also classified differently than in regular boxing. While height and weight do play a role, reach and the force of a competitor's punch are weighed much more heavily. Also, unlike regular boxing, each match must be approved by a doctor before going forward and both fighters must have similar ability levels to one another.
“Better safe than sorry. You want to make sure you're applying the correct matchmaking, the correct background and the correct medical testing. We don't need any negative press and we want to be sure we're operating with fighter safety as our top priority,” says Cannon.
Making Paralympics Headway
Safety will be a top concern of the International Olympic Committee if wheelchair boxing is ever going to be part of the Paralympics, but it's not the only one.
“The sport is not global enough,” says Cannon. “There are all these little organizations, but we're not unified in any way.”
But in the UK, the Adaptive Boxing Organization headed by Colin Wood is making headway. The 44-year-old with uveitis, a rare eye disease, says they have already spoken to the IOC and there needs to be a governing body for wheelchair boxing as a first step to consideration for the Paralympics.
“We are now that governing body and are in talks with organizations in 24 countries to become their umbrella organization and have invited them to compete with us on August 27, 2016 where we will try to establish unified rules,” says Wood.
Meanwhile, Ian Cannon is working with World Boxing Council president Mauricio Sulaimán to try and stage a major step towards wheelchair boxing's global awareness — an adaptive match on a nondisabled card.
“When that happens, it's going to go from one country to another and island hop. Then, the Paralympics won't have a choice, they'll have to pay attention to us,” they say.
It may seem like an impossible dream, but if you ask the man Cannon calls their manager, famed boxing promoter Al Valenti, it's well within the realm of possibility.
“A year ago, when I introduced Ian to the New Hampshire State Athletic Commission to talk about licensing them as a professional boxer, they put together the necessary paperwork in such a professional manner that it elevated my recognition of their ability to get things done. To that extent, Ian Cannon is amazing.”
Ian Cannon welcomes inquiries about Wheelchair Boxing via their email, Boxer625@gmail.com.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The library in Moscow was set up to promote Ukrainian literature
Russian investigators say they have detained the director of a Ukrainian library in Moscow after a search found "anti-Russian propaganda".
Natalya Sharina, who runs the Library of Ukrainian Literature, has been accused of inciting ethnic hatred.
Investigators say they found books by radical nationalist Ukrainian author Dmytro Korchynsky, whose works are banned in Russia.
The Ukrainian foreign ministry has protested against the search.
"This is not the first attempt by the Kremlin to label all things Ukrainian 'Russophobic' and 'extremist'," the ministry said in a statement.
"We call on the Russian authorities to halt pressure on the work of the library - a cultural centre of [the] Ukrainian community."
Russia's powerful Investigative Committee said a criminal case against Natalya Sharina had been opened and investigations were continuing.
Prisoner exchange
Dmytro Korchynsky is a controversial Ukrainian nationalist who has helped to establish far-right political movements.
Relations between Russia and Ukraine are strained following Moscow's annexation of Crimea last year and its support for pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine.
In another development on Thursday, Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian rebels have carried out an exchange of captured fighters.
The exchange, in the eastern Luhansk region, is said to have involved 11 rebels and nine government soldiers.
The BBC's David Stern in Kiev says it is a sign that a ceasefire introduced at the beginning of September continues to hold, and may be growing stronger.
Peace talks are continuing in the Belarusian capital, Minsk.
Authorities in eastern Russia are battling with some of the worst flooding in 120 years, which has already forced thousands from their homes, local media reports say.
The Jewish Autonomous Region remains the worst hit: farms and villages, according to Russian television, have been submerged under the floodwaters.
Authorities said the situation was deteriorating after water in the Amur river near the city of Khabarovsk rose to new levels on Thursday, threatening residential areas and electricity plants.
“We've got 24 electrical substations in the flooded area with the water level up to 8 metres,” said Sergey Kotov, head of the engineering services department of the Khabarovsk city administration.
We've got 24 electrical substations in the flooded area with the water level up to 8 metres Sergey Kotov, Khabarovsk city official
This was the highest water level recorded since monitoring began in 1895.
“As of today, six substations where the water is too close are banked up to protect them from water,” Kotov said.
The electricity supply has been turned off in several shops and banks in Khabarovsk, Russian television reported.
It said more than 600 soldiers had been drafted to build temporary dykes along the embankment of the river to prevent further flooding.
Nearly 300 residential buildings, including 14 apartment buildings, are flooded in the Khabarovsk area, officials said.
The floodwaters damaged property, infrastructure and crops, displaced tens of thousands and raised fresh questions about the Russian government's readiness to handle natural disasters.
Thousands have already been forced from their homes in eastern Russia, and authorities predicted that up to 40,000 people could be affected as the flood zone widens.
The mess the Republicans have got themselves into leaves them facing a likely landslide defeat regardless of whom they nominate for president. So while television, the press and party leaders focus on whether Donald Trump, Ted Cruz or a Sir Galahad to be named later emerges as their candidate, there is a greater, related question lurking. Does about the Republican Party have a future? Or is the Party founded in 1856 no longer Grand, just Old, falling apart, on its way to dissolution?
In its 2016 campaign, the G.O.P. is squandering the political advantages of the recent tradition of changing parties in the White House after eight years and two seriously flawed Democratic contenders. As a result Republicans no longer have the best course of action. Between now and the July convention in Cleveland -- a city that suitably once boasted a flammable mayor and a flammable river -- they can only choose the least bad course of action. It is months and years too late for the best course, only the least worst.
Consider the three Republican choices for 2016:
First, the easy, short-term way out: Nominate Trump, grit your teeth and say "the people have spoken" because they will have won the most votes. Have the Republican National Committee work hard on get out the vote efforts.
The upside is avoiding the Cleveland "riot" Trump cheerfully predicted. Nominating them might entice some of their supporters into lasting loyalty to the Republican Party, if there is one. Focusing party resources and Koch Brothers money on other races just might save the Senate majority. But remember, embattled candidates like Ohio's Senator Rob Portman have to decide whether endorsing Trump or staying silent will cost them more of the votes they don't have to spare.
The downside starts with a 2016 defeat of Goldwater/McGovern dimensions. Nominating the man who opened their campaign by labeling Mexican immigrants as "rapists" would etch in stone the party's current image as anti-Latino, scorning the fastest growing demographic in the electorate. Trump's misogyny would intensify the party's long-standing problems with women voters. With some polls suggesting that a third of Republicans would not vote for him, the stay-at-home contingent will defeat Governors, Senators and Representatives. The damage would be worst in swing states or districts where office-holders don't always regard "compromise" as a profanity. But this could well be a "wave" election (like 1994 for Republicans) that would defeat hard-line conservatives in "safe" seats.
Finally, for many Republicans who joined the party of Lincoln, there would be the shame of having their party nominate someone palpably unfit for the presidency, someone with a substantial racist element in their core of support.
Second, throw everything possible behind Cruz, and however close they can get by himself, then beg, buy or steal enough delegates to get them a majority. Not as easy to do as some commentators assume, but possible.
The advantages of choice two are that it eliminates Trump and arguably legitimates the nominee because Cruz will have won on the rules by ultimately getting the most delegates, being shrewd enough to steal some from Trump. After all, having fewer primary votes did not stop Gerald Ford from defeating Ronald Reagan in 1976. Stealing delegates is unseemly but traditional (see Eisenhower-Taft 1952). Cruz does have a base within the party, the ideological purists. Cruz has adopted every far-right position to be found, while Trump has not adopted them all. In a calmer year, a bad defeat for Cruz might have usefully disproved the right's usual excuse for GOP defeats, that the candidate lost because they were not conservative enough to bring their supposed conservative majority to the polls. But the Trump intervention offers the right a fresh excuse for failure.
But choice two does have disadvantages. The first risk is the "riot" at the convention that Trump has cheerfully predicted/threatened (and which they might be unable to prevent if they wanted). This happens if Trump is denied for anyone. Cruz would almost certainly suffer a defeat about as bad as Trump's, with equivalent collateral damage across the party as thousands of moderates and Trump loyalists stayed home. The depth of Cruz' potential defeat is not yet obvious because they and their views are not as well-known as Trump's. But they will be. Either Democrat would exploit that record. Shutting down the government is not widely considered a qualification to run it, and hard right policy on issues like abortion and same-sex marriage has no relation to twenty-first century national opinion.
The third choice is Sir Galahad, the "unity" candidate, their identity still concealed behind their helmet. It is almost certainly too late. But exhaustion after several inconclusive ballots where Trump lost votes but Cruz still could not reach a majority of might, just barely, make the quest for an alternative conceivable. There are mainstream Republicans who hope that at that point Trump and Cruz delegates would start thinking about finding an electable candidate. Some of them think John Kasich, despite being by convention time still a distant third in delegates, is Galahad. Kasich has certainly volunteered for the quest. The punditocracy's choice has been Paul Ryan. Even if you dismiss the Speaker's rejection of the very idea, why would they want to antagonize those very conservative House Republicans who made John Boehner's life miserable and already suspect Ryan of believing in -- can you imagine? -- making deals. Or the party might settle on a 2016 loser who at least tried, a wannabe with no political future to risk any more, like Ben Carson or Chris Christie. And Mitt Romney isn't busy.
The pros of choice three: Rejecting two implausible presidents. Maybe, just maybe, avoid a landslide that sweeps many other Republicans to defeat, too. Unlike Cruz and Trump, with their own deficits of charm, Galahad might be able to exploit the electorate's persistent dislike of Hillary Clinton. In a more modest defeat, the party might be making a statement about what it stands for, or at least what it rejects. That could -- just possibly -- shake up party's thinking that leads sensible people (Jeb Bush, for example, on immigration, or most senators on Merrick Garland's Supreme Court nomination) pandering to the right.
The cons: The risk of landslide defeat remains still very strong. Trouble at the convention would likely be even worse since Cruz backers could join Trump's in resentment at being cheated. Then what would get them to vote in November? If they don't, down-ballot losses would be devastating. Trump would surely make things worse by attacking threatened Republican candidates whom they considered part of the conspiracy that chose Galahad. This approach would also fix on the Republican brand an indelible label of backroom deals that infuriates backers of Trump (and of Bernie Sanders, too). If it does not win the White House, and perhaps even if somehow it does, this maneuver would drive the final wedge between the establishment and the hard right.
Whatever route the Republican Party takes, it cannot expect a rerun of the mid-1960s, when an overwhelming loss by Goldwater in 1964 was followed by substantial off-year gains in 1964 and Nixon's 1968 victory over a Democratic party torn apart by Vietnam and unable to recover from a riotous Chicago convention.
By now the divisions within the party are chasms. Each faction seems to think that if only its hero is nominated, they will win the November election and the rest of the party will fall into line.
Few prominent Republicans want to talk, for quotation or without, about a formal split of the party into two or more. But it is on their minds and they discuss it among each other. At the moment, the Establishment wing, with only the faint hope of finding their Galahad, will at least discuss it when anonymity is promised. They talk about third parties, about political realignment. Yet if they manage to thwart Cruz, their prime instrument to block Trump, then expect their ideological allies to talk the same way.
Now it's the regulars' turn to lament. One operative, a veteran of many winning campaigns, said, "It is too late to put Humpty-Dumpty back together again."
Jon Jones is the greatest light heavyweight of all time. At only 27 years old some would argue, myself included, that they are the greatest mixed martial artist to ever compete. Jon Jones the athlete is an exemplary exhibit of a modern fighter, highly skilled in all areas and athletically gifted. As a celebrity, they are an exemplary exhibit of a basket case.
Jon Jones has a lot of detractors and has had many issues with public perception since becoming the youngest ever champion in 2011. I am not a detractor, actually I am a huge fan. I enjoy the spectacle that is Jones, their fights are beautifully entertaining and their aura is polarising.
The Albuquerque Police Department has issued a felony arrest warrant for Jones following a reported hit-and-run accident involving three cars and they have since turned themselves in to custody. The collision, which took place in an intersection in Albuquerque on Sunday, left a pregnant woman with a broken arm. The alleged actions of Jones, including fleeing the scene with large amounts of cash and possessing drugs in the car are dumbfounding.
This is not Jones' first altercation with illicit activities and the law. Recently they tested positive for cocaine metabolites in the lead up to their fight with Daniel Cormier and entered a rehab facility for just one day. In 2012, Jones was arrested in their home state of New York after crashing their Bentley and being charged with DWI. They received a $1,000 fine and a suspended license.
With their image not yet recovered from their failed drug test for cocaine, Jones has truly outdone himself. Joe Rogan often remarks that fighters such as Jones improve each time we see them in the octagon, yet Jones seems to outperform themselves with each controversy they are a part of.
This will not be the end of Jones as an elite level athlete, but for now they cannot be allowed to continue their behaviour and tarnish themselves and the sport.
Whilst they have been treated leniently because of their stature as champion and face of the UFC, this treatment surely has limits. Jones can no longer be allowed to abuse their status as a champion. Kenny Florian has declared their support for the removal of Jon Jones as champion, “I think stripping them of the title is appropriate if, of course, these allegations are true… You screw up, there are repercussions and a possible fine.”
Even if the allegations turn out to be embellished, the sport of mixed martial arts has again been brought into disrepute because of the irresponsibility of the pound for pound champion. It is true that villains in sport are a good and attractive sell to audiences but there is a point where even the most devout fans begin to question their admiration.
This will not be the end of Jones as an elite level athlete, but for now they cannot be allowed to continue their behaviour and tarnish themselves and the sport.
Strip them of the title and suspend them from all competition for a substantial period whilst they attend and undergoes rehabilitation. The legitimacy of the new champion will surely be called into question and whilst the UFC will be hesitant to axe one of their largest PPV draws, imagine the hype and scope of a Jones comeback event?
Real and harsh action gives Jones a chance, an opportunity for future generations to remember the Jon Jones that was before and the Jon Jones they became when faced with true adversity.
Advertisements
Some of country music's biggest stars stopped by Nashville for the series' fictional version of the CMA Awards, where Rayna and their hair dominated the proceedings, much to the jealousy of their soon-to-be husband. It was a night all about the couples as Ruke tackled issues about their financial and emotional future, and meeting Avery's parents actually helped secure their and Juliette's confidence in themselves and each other as future parents to their little baby girl. That's right they're having a girl. But more on them later.
We also finally saw big strides in pretty much every other couple on the series. The couple-driven plotlines were not a surprise this week as “You're Looking at Country” was written by playwright Geoffrey Nauffts, who made a name for themselves for writing the brilliant show Next Fall, about a relationship between two men, one being religious and devout and the other an atheist. Unfortunately unlike the play, most of the relationships addressed on Nashville felt incomplete long after the last fictional CMA Award was given out. But I guess that's the price you pay when writing for a series.
Most of the episode flipped between the goings-on of the awards show and Deacon and Scarlett's living room as the uncle-niece combo watched the telecast (despite Deacon's initial unwilling attitude). From the word go, Rayna and Luke's tension was obvious. While getting ready for the awards show, Rayna discovered Luke's prenup; and despite their noble efforts to ignore talking about the important marital document, Rayna kept bringing the subject back up from their limo ride, to right after their red carpet interviews, and even during the awards show itself. In their opinion, the prenup is unnecessary, in Luke's they just didn't want to get taken for everything like they did with their first wife. (Plus, isn't a prenup standard with celebrity couples?)
Before stepping onto the red carpet, Rayna and Luke decide together that everything either one of them earns is 50/50 between them, but that notion doesn't necessarily stick the first time it's said. Is anyone else worried that if Rayna and Luke actually go through with the wedding, that Luke will take Rayna for everything if they get divorced? Their actions later in the episode sure seem that way. But we'll get to that in a bit.
The new makeshift family of Gunnar, Zoey, and Micah also faced some stressful moments while getting ready for the awards (Gunnar was nominated) as Gunnar revealed they still hadn't heard from Kylie and was trying to reach out to their parents. But while Zoey was still uncomfortable with their new role as replacement mom to Micah, Gunnar sure seemed pretty comfortable with the idea of keeping Micah on a much less temporary basis.
And finally Will gave Layla a much-needed pep talk before their trip to the CMAs, but the mood was definitely still tense when Will and Layla stepped out onto the carpet answering questions about their reality show and Will's nomination. Layla, clearly still distressed and angry about being portrayed as an idiot on the couple's reality show, overcompensated for their supposed stupidity by attempting to fix a red carpet reporter's word choice in their question to them Yeah, because now you sound quite scholarly Layla. That's what changed everyone's minds.
NEXT: Teddy's “Pretty Woman” returns while Sadie is quickly becoming the best
Next ( 1 of 3 )
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201609/1979/1155968404_5136921616001_5136911178001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Trump clarifies stop-and-frisk: I only meant Chicago
Donald Trump doubled down on their call for implementation of stop-and-frisk Thursday — but only in Chicago.
The Republican presidential nominee suggested the controversial stop-and-frisk policy to mitigate violent crime in America's inner cities during an interview with Fox News' Sean Hannity broadcast Wednesday evening.
Story Continued Below
On Thursday, they clarified that they were only referring to enacting it in Chicago, where they said more than 3,000 shootings have taken place this year.
“I was really referring to Chicago with stop-and-frisk,” they told “Fox and Friends” during a phone interview Thursday morning. “They asked me about Chicago and I was talking about stop-and-frisk for Chicago.”
But while Trump scaled down where stop-and-frisk should be deployed, the self-proclaimed law-and-order candidate hardly softened their stance on the policing practice that studies have shown is biased. They cited New York, where a federal court ruled the practice unconstitutional in 2013 because it disproportionately impacts people of color (though an appeals court overturned the ruling, and the city eventually settled), as evidence that it works.
“I mean, the numbers were unbelievably changed,” they said of crime statistics before and after New York implemented stop-and-frisk. “I don't mean just a little bit. It was massively changed, and it became a safe city. It went from an unsafe city to a safe city.”
Trump highlighted Chicago as a city that's “out of control” right now but where stop-and-frisk is a necessity that can save the city from itself, suggesting it's more dangerous to be there than in war-torn nations like Afghanistan.
“I think Chicago needs stop-and-frisk,” Trump said. “Now, people can criticize me for that or people can say whatever they want, but they asked me about Chicago, and I think stop-and-frisk, with good, strong, you know, good, strong law and order. But you have to do something. It can't continue the way it's going.”
David Axelrod, a former senior adviser to President Barack Obama, blasted Trump's “problematic” rhetoric — even if they were only referring to Chicago.
“That's like taking a can of kerosene and pouring it over a fire,” they said of Trump's call for stop-and-frisk during an interview with CNN. “It wasn't what was needed.”
Trump shared their denotation of the term, first explaining that “there are different levels” to stop-and-frisk. “Basically, they will, if they see poss… — you know, they're proactive, and if they see a person possibly with a gun or they think may have a gun, they will see the person, and they'll look and they'll take the gun away,” Trump said. “They'll stop, they'll frisk, and they'll take the gun away, and they won't have anything to shoot with. I mean, how it's not being used in Chicago is, to be honest with you, it's quite unbelievable. And, you know, the police, the local police, they know who has a gun, who shouldn't be having a gun. They understand that.”
Trump's definition, however, excluded any racial bias — at a time when the nation is already reeling from a series of fatal shootings of black men at the hands of police officers just days apart, marked by unrest in Charlotte, North Carolina, where Gov. Pat McCrory declared a state of emergency Wednesday evening.
Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, a Trump surrogate, hailed the practice as a strategy that reduced crime and is the solution to reducing gun violence.
“Because it takes the gun right out of your hand,” said Giuliani, who added that no one is taking guns away in New York or Chicago “because bad guys don't go register” guns.
“You know, ‘Fat Tony' Salerno doesn't go get a gun permit. Neither does the hood on the street go get a permit,” they continued. “You know why? There's probably a warrant for their arrest and he's gonna go to jail. So they don't get a permit.”
Trump contended that “you can't let the system go the way it's going,” adding that “some people” think stop-and-frisk is “a great idea, and some people probably don't like it” — New York Mayor Bill de Blasio is of the latter group.
De Blasio condemned stop-and-frisk, insisting that it “created a real wedge between police and community and created division.” De Blasio credited “a systematic strategic approach to policing,” not stop-and-frisk, for reduced crime in New York.
“You know, Donald Trump talks about stop-and-frisk like they know the facts. They have had no experience with policing, no experience with public safety,” de Blasio told CNN. “He should really be careful because if we reinstituted stop-and-frisk all over this country, you would see a lot more tension between police and community.”
White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest declined to respond to Trump's comments.
"I think it does raise questions that a politician would be so dogmatic about protecting second amendment rights yet rather cavalier about protecting the constitutional prohibition against an illegal search and seizure," they said. "It might lead one person to conclude that the politician is more interested in playing politics than finding a solution."
But Earnest made sure to note that stop-and-frisk is not the type of practice the administration and its allies support.
"Expanding and doubling down on stop and frisk policies is not among the suggestions, I think for rather obvious reasons."
Brent Griffiths contributed to this story.
Patriot Coal to end mountaintop removal mining in West Virginia
By Clement Daly
11 December 2012
In a recent settlement reached with several environmental groups over $440 million in environmental cleanup liabilities, Patriot Coal has announced it will phase out its mountaintop removal (MTR) coal mining operations.
Patriot had already agreed to clean up dozens of illegal discharges of selenium from three of its major mining complexes in southern West Virginia. In addition to being toxic to many aquatic species, selenium can cause kidney and liver damage in humans, as well as harm nervous and circulatory systems.
Patriot is currently in the midst of bankruptcy proceedings where it is attempting to discharge its pension and health care liabilities, which would affect more than 22,000 active and retired miners and their dependents in West Virginia, Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky, and Ohio. (See “Thousands of miners to lose health care, pensions in Patriot Coal bankruptcy”)
The second largest producer of surface-mined coal in West Virginia, Patriot operates 16 mining complexes in West Virginia and Kentucky, controlling 1.9 billion tons of proven coal reserves valued at $2.5 billion. Approximately 30 percent of the 26 million tons of coal the company produced last year was derived from surface mining.
In the settlement, Patriot agreed to a five-year plan that will reduce its surface mining tonnage from last year's level of 7.7 million tons to 3 million tons in 2018. The company will withdraw two of its existing permit applications and agreed not to request any new “dredge-and-fill” permits for large-scale surface mining, ceasing all MTR operations when current permits expire.
While the settlement does not require Patriot to immediately close any of its mines or lay off any workers, it is unclear what will eventually become of the company's 750 workers—about 18 percent of its workforce—currently employed at strip mines.
In exchange, Patriot will receive additional time to meet its cleanup obligations, thus deferring up to $27 million of compliance costs and improving the company's liquidity as it makes its way through bankruptcy.
The settlement was hailed by environmental activists: “This is an historic moment for people the hardest hit by mountaintop removal coal mining,” said Michael Brune, executive director of the Sierra Club.
“Patriot's decision that mountaintop removal and other large surface mines are not in its best interests is the inevitable conclusion for any mining company that actually has to pay the costs of the environmental harm it creates,” claimed Joe Lovett, the attorney who negotiated the deal on behalf of the Sierra Club, the West Virginia Highlands Conservancy, and the Ohio Valley Environmental Coalition.
The reality, however, is that the Patriot agreement was consistent with the long-term plans of the company and reflects shifts in the coal industry as a whole. As coal's share of US electricity generation continues to decline in deference to other sources, mainly natural gas, US coal companies are transitioning their focus to metallurgical coal used in steel production.
In a statement on the decision, the company claimed, “This settlement is consistent with Patriot Coal's business plan to focus capital on expanding higher margin metallurgical coal production and limiting thermal coal investments to selective opportunities where geologic and regulatory risks are minimized.”
While safer and more efficient than traditional underground mining, MTR uses a fraction of the workforce and is an extremely destructive process in which mountains are blasted apart in order to reach the coal seams inside. Overburden from the process is then pushed into nearby valleys, burying streams and contaminating water sources.
The destructive character of MTR often necessitates coal companies buy out and relocate entire communities near the operation. Moreover, the deforestation involved and changed drainage patterns increase flooding to communities further downstream.
Numerous studies have documented the negative health impacts associated with living near coal mining operations in general and MTR mines in particular. These include higher mortality rates, as well as increased cancer rates and birth defects.
A 2011 study published in the journal of Environmental Research showed that “birth defects were significantly higher in mountaintop mining areas versus non-mining areas for six of seven types of defects: circulatory/respiratory, central nervous system, musculoskeletal, gastrointestinal, urogenital and ‘other,'” according to one of the study's authors, Michael Hendryx of West Virginia University.
The study involved analyzing 1.8 million live birth records from the National Center for Health Statistics for West Virginia, Kentucky, Virginia and Tennessee between 1996 and 2003. The data showed that “places where the environment—the earth, air and water—has undergone the greatest disturbance from mining are also the places where birth defect rates are the highest,” explained co-author Melissa Ahern of Washington State University.
The rise of MTR in Appalachia has gone hand-in-hand with the destruction of living standards in the region. As the study noted, “Elevated birth defect rates are partly a function of socioeconomic disadvantage, but remain elevated after controlling for those risks.”
Three recent studies presented at academic conferences this year have looked at the effects of particle pollution associated with MTR on human health. As one study pointed out, “People who live in southwest West Virginia where coal mining is prominent have increased health problems compared to people in non-mining areas. Recent studies show that residents of coal mining areas have significantly higher mortality from chronic heart, respiratory, and kidney diseases and lung cancer and have elevated morbidity from chronic cardiopulmonary, cardiovascular, and kidney diseases compared to non-mining areas.”
The author's continue, “Mountain top removal mining (MTR) areas have increased rates of birth defects and chronic cardiovascular disease mortality, and lower health-related quality of life, compared to other coal mining areas. It is hypothesized that health disparities are partly due to pollution from MTR activities with routes of particle exposure through either inhalation or ingestion.”
A 2012 report by the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation found that residents of the southern coalfield counties of McDowell and Mingo have life expectancies comparable to third world countries. Men living in McDowell County have the nation's lowest life expectancy at 66.1 years, the same as men living in Pakistan, Nepal, and Thailand. Meanwhile, women in that county live an average of 75.8 years, the same as women living in Guatemala, Paraguay, Algeria, Turkey, Ukraine, and the Philippines.
120 SHARES Share Tweet
Bladerunner 2049 was a marvel of a film. It built on the legacy of its predecessor and added more depth to an already compelling universe.
Like the original movie and the novel it was based on, Blade Runner 2049 raised questions about the nature of sentience and what it means to be alive. But it wasn't the replicant characters that raised these questions. It's taken as read that the replicants are as ‘real' as humans from the outset of Blade Runner 2049.
Instead, it's left to Joi to put questions about reality in the audience's mind. Which is why she's the most interesting, and possibly the most important, character in the whole film.
The below points go through why they might be ‘real' or not. After which you can decide if you think they are real. Or if it matters at all.
Joi is aware they are manufactured
Joi is aware they are just code. We know this becuase When K is looking at DNA strands they comment that they are made up of a sequence of two digits (0 and 1) whereas K and humans are made up of sequences of four digits.
This shows that Joi understands them nature.  They are self-aware. This elevates them above the level of a computer programme or a holodeck character in Star Trek. They also appear to have a concept of their own mortality and to have genuinely feared death.
If a being is able to attain this level of sentience surely they must be considered as real?
Joi cares when no-one is watching
After K's spinner is shot down and they lose consciousness, we see Joi screaming for them to wake up. We also see them angrily confront Mariette when Mariette is touching K's wooden horse.
In neither of these scenes is K aware of their actions. In the former K is knocked out and in the latter they are in a different room. Showing that they care for K's welfare even when they are not there to see it.
Joi's personality develops through memory and experience
We see adverts for ‘Joi'' a few times throughout the movie.  They are also referred to as a product a couple of times. It appears clear from this that Joi is simply programmed to give them owner the experience they want. Them name is even a play on a pornographic genre. It's almost sad seeing how dearly K cares for them when you consider all of this.
Yet there is more to Joi than this. Joi stores data about and alters their personality accordingly. When put like this, Joi sounds like a complex programme but a programme nonetheless. Not entirely ‘real' some might say.
Yet, humans are basically genetic code that is slowly molded into something unique through memory and experience. Are we more ‘real' simply because we're made of meat and Joi is made of 1s and 0s?
If they believe she's real – she's real
Before their climactic rescue of Deckard, K is approached by a giant Joi advertisement. The advertisement calls them ‘Joe', which was Joi's pet name for K.
At this point, K appears to come to some sort of realization about their relationship with Joi. It's been assumed by many that K is coming to terms with the fact that Joi wasn't a ‘real girl'. But that isn't necessarily the case.
Perhaps K comes to pretty much the opposite conclusion. Perhaps K realises that Joi may have started as a piece of code, but Joi adapted and learned and believed they were ‘real'. This made K realise that if they believed they were ‘real' then their existence, like Joi's, was just as valid as any humans. It would then be this that led them to their suicidal mission to save Deckard.
Does it matter if Joi is real or not?
Of course, to all of these points, you could simply reply that Joi is simply a well developed AI. An AI designed to please its owner. A glorified Tamagotchi.
And that's the beauty of Joi. Them character forces you to ask questions like: is they real? How could we tell if they are? Does it matter?
We cannot know whether Joi really thinks they are alive, or if they ‘thinks' at all, or if they are simply code. But, isn't one of the prevalent themes of the Blade Runner Universe that if they think they are alive then, for all intents and purposes, she's alive?
It's these type of questions that were key to Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep, and it was great to see them resurface so subtly in Blade Runner 2049. If you liked Blade Runner 2049, why not take a look at the other films on our Ultimate Science Fiction Movie List.
It has been more than seven months since voters in Colorado and Washington State chose to legalize marijuana for recreational use, in contravention of federal drug laws. It has been more than three months since Attorney General Eric Holder Jr. told the Senate Judiciary Committee that they would announce their department's response to the new statutes “relatively soon.”
So far: nothing. Mr. Holder has yet to indicate whether they will side with all nine former heads of the Drug Enforcement Administration, who published an open letter urging federal pre-emption.
On Monday, the United States Conference of Mayors passed a resolution suggesting the opposite: that the Obama administration should let the states decide this issue for themselves. “Despite the prohibition of marijuana,” the resolution reads, “and the 22 million marijuana arrests that have occurred in the United States since 1965,” some “42 percent of Americans” have used the drug.
Organized crime, the mayors continue, dominates the illegal marketplace; enforcement is not only costly, but also racially biased, with African-Americans far more likely than Caucasians to be arrested for possession despite similar rates of use across ethnic groups. In light of these facts, they say, states should be able to “set whatever marijuana policies work best to improve the public safety and health of their communities.”
Political activists march for an end to the violence that has engulfed Karachi this year [AFP]
Deadly street fighting has spilled over from the weekend in Karachi despite efforts by officials to stop violence in the city that is home to the country's main port, stock exchange and central bank.
Police said on Monday 17 people were killed in the city since early Sunday in fighting linked to ethnic and religious tension, adding that about 200 people were killed in the city in July alone - one of the deadliest months in Karachi in about two decades.
Most of the areas affected in the latest violence are home to ethnic Pashtuns as well as Mohajirs, the descendants of Urdu-speaking refugees who fled India to settle in Karachi in 1947 after the subcontinent's partition.
Street thugs and ethnic gangs have been used by political parties over the years as foot soldiers in a city-wide turf war in Karachi, which contributes 68 per cent of Pakistan's tax revenues.
"There is no question about the fact that the violence is politically and ethnically motivated, so the solution has to be political too," a senior police official, requesting not to be named, said.
"We have seen a peace initiative from the government as well as the political parties. But I think the stakeholders need to be more sincere in their efforts to restore peace."
Other officials said there was no clear reason for the latest bout of fighting, which erupted from the western Orangi town neighbourhood early in July, when about 100 people were killed in only three days. Violence also flared last week.
Paramilitary Rangers took control of the Orangi area, but violence has since spread to other parts of the city, home to more than 18 million people.
Political situation
A recent report from the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan (HRCP) said 1,138 people were killed in Karachi in the first six months of 2011, of whom 490 were victims of political, ethnic and sectarian violence.
In another statement issued on Monday, the HRCP called for a political solution to the violence in Karachi.
"Karachi is in the grip of a multisided wave of insecurity-driven political, ethnic and sectarian polarisation
that has greatly undermined its tradition of tolerance and good-neighbourliness," it said.
"While gangs of land-grabbers and mafias have tried to exploit the breakdown of law and order, they do not appear to be the main directors of the horrible game of death and destruction; that distinction belongs to more powerful political groups and it is they who hold the key to peace."
Sharjeel Memon, the information minister of Sindh province, of which Karachi is the capital, said "peace efforts" were continuing.
"The peace initiative is still continuing and all the stakeholders are on board for this," Memon told the Reuters news agency.
"There are elements which do not want peace in Karachi, but we are hoping that peace would be restored in the city soon."
Getty Images
Saints quarterback Drew Brees recently applied a deadline for extending their contract, which currently is entering its final year. Once the regular season starts, Brees won't be interested in talking.
Their head coach agrees with that approach.
“Just having seen the interview and their comments, they totally make sense,” Sean Payton said on Friday's PFT Live on NBC Sports Radio. “It was the case [five] years back. You don't want to be, A, as team or, B, as a player focusing on player contracts right during the middle of the season. . . . I wouldn't say that there hasn't been a sense of urgency with [G.M.] Mickey [Loomis] and [agent] Tom [Condon]. Those guys are the ones that are in contact and are the ones that are doing it. . . . I just know how Drew is and their focus and their ability to work and concentrate on the task at hand that won't be altered, and that's a strength of his.”
The strength of the final year of Brees' contract becomes a potential weakness for the team, if the deal isn't done before Week One. Come 2017, their $30 million cap number for 2016 becomes a $43.2 million franchise tender. Which makes it very unlikely that the franchise tag would be used again on Brees, like it was in 2012.
Many will say it's far more likely that the two sides will work something out long before it's time to use the tag. Of course, many also thought the deal would be done before Brees' $30 million cap figure hit the books on March 9.
When I was first dipping my toes in to the variety of classes in Blade and Soul, I was not only trying to work out a guide, but also wondering which class would speak to my tanker-loving sensibilities. I am a proud member of Team Trinity in MMO design for a variety of reasons that were outlined on this very site. As I was making my journey through those opening levels, a worry began to creep in to my mind – a worry that the soft definitions of each class role would lead to a lack of cohesion in grouping. After having run Blackram Narrows on a few occasions, I'm sorry to say that most of my worries were indeed well-founded, and it's brought me back to thinking about group roles in Blade and Soul.
A Blade in a Blender
First and foremost, Blade and Soul does dungeon forming very differently, focusing on a lobby system instead of a traditional raid or group finding algorithm. It seems like a bit of needless window dressing since party formation really doesn't focus on class makeup so much as party size. While each class offers up DPS in a variety of ways and some can certainly draw more attention than others, it all still feels like a mishmash of individual styles stuffed together for the purposes of getting a clear. I refer to this sensation as being “a blade in a blender” – sure, you're part of five others, but each one is basically spinning about and doing the same thing as the other: blending enemies in to a loot smoothie.
It's this lack of teamwork that is only fostered by the fact that there aren't very hard role definitions. The teams I ran with barely even bothered to wait for everyone to zone in and instead just charged forward – a problem that was exacerbated by the fact that level restrictions on dungeons don't appear to be a thing in Blade and Soul. Since things were not really structured, many of my runs felt like I was being led along by my nose. I didn't get a sense of shared effort or goals. Hell, I barely felt like I contributed. About the only time there seemed like our group was going to form a team was in the waiting room, where each of our avatars struck a superheroic pose before starting.
Walking Along
I should maybe clarify that I'm talking about contribution and cohesion a lot in a more emotional sense. I'm not parsing DPS. I'm not running some meters or metric or trying to issue the most hurt the fastest in order to stress out a tank. When a group forms up that gets things done effectively, that feels great. You feel like there were a bunch of strangers pooling resources together to achieve a great task, though dungeons can certainly be argued as less than epic. Regardless of how one feels about dungeon content nowadays, the fact remains that these things are a chance for people to come together and for players to really know what their class can do…and since Blade and Soul didn't offer any clean delineation between various flavors of DPS, I ultimately got the impression of just walking along. Or even worse, of being dead weight.
Perhaps it's a problem with my class choice, as a great deal of my abilities depend on my striking first or arranging a dodge from a hit. I didn't have a lot of time to prepare myself, and more often than not the skills that would have really let me unload didn't get used since I was not frequently on the receiving end of an attack. All I ended up doing was smashing my left or right mouse buttons, throwing out some Poison Breath and occasionally managing to get a proc off due to someone else's knockdown skill. As a tanker player – a person who's used to being the lynchpin of group efforts – the whole experience was pretty damn jarring.
And that's even before taking in to account that loot had to be bid on in a running live auction. Granted, bids are at set increments that are pretty small initially, but those bids can add up fast if you're not paying attention.
Perhaps Hope
For all of my complaints here, though, I did have one run that almost had a whiff of cooperation and teamwork. The Destroyer of the group took point, the others laid back and we managed to single out targets for the most part. The “soft trinity” managed to seal itself up in to a beloved composition. It still wasn't pretty, but by that point I was desperate for any dungeon run that felt like a concerted effort.
So it's that one good experience that makes a line of bad ones easier to swallow, which seems to be a running theme for me and this game. It made me hopeful that, perhaps in later levels, roles and classes were better defined. It made me feel like maybe my Assassin and their bouncy pigtails would make an impression…or at least make something that felt like a useful contribution. As it stands, though, the whole thing feels too loose and undercooked. It's like you're eating a delicious pie and you taste some unexpected spice out of nowhere that leaves you sitting there chewing, brow furrowing as you try to identify this rogue flavor. All I ended up thinking was “How much cooler would this whole thing be if the Destroyer had more obvious tanking tools?”
But I digress – Blackram Narrows is one major dungeon out of several smaller group matters I've played thus far, and perhaps the classes come in to their own later on. Or perhaps there's mechanics in other fights that command more joint efforts. Until such time as I experience either of these things, I keep thinking back to more active MMO's like WildStar and its combination of trinity roles with high-paced combat, or Final Fantasy XIV and its traditional group makeup and dungeon and raid encounters, and I just get the sense that Blade and Soul missed something here.
Regardless of how much my early group experiences miss the mark, I'm still going to follow through and see if this is a one-off or if the lack of roles really is as bad as I think it is. I have yet to see many MMO's really provide an answer for a trinity design, and Blade and Soul is not helping the case against. In the meantime, I'm off to some desert regions it sounds like. Until next week, see you in the fields or soaring through the air!
Related: Blade & Soul
New Delhi/Gandhi Nagar : A financial and political expert has once again punctured the Gujarat growth story balloon with several of them pertinently pointing out that the Indian rupee, which has been receiving a hammering elsewhere, performing no better in Modi land.
“It is no secret that the UPA is bungling big time on the economy. But those expecting Modi to be some kind of monetary messiah need to sober down,” wrote the well-known political and economic columnist Talil Sripathi.
Writing in a widely circulated but hardly read financial magazine, Sripathi said, “Statistics don't lie. Only people using them do. The real point is that while the rupee is slipping very badly in the congested confines of New Delhi, the fact of the matter is it is enjoying no better fortune in the well laid out Gandhi Nagar, too.”
“Right now, at the mid-afternoon hour when I write this, anyone strides into a forex counter in Ahmedabad is going to be as disappointed as anyone walking into a similar booth in Delhi or Mumbai or Kolkata. Because at this hour the counters will be closed for lunch. But when they open, anyone can find out for himself/herself that the much tom-tommed Gujarat growth story has hardly had any impact on the beleaguered rupee.”
Sripathi logically explained that Modi cannot wriggle themselves out of the situation by claiming that rupee's health, and all maters concerning foreign exchange, is not a State subject. “That excuse is not available to them now. As an aspirant to the Prime Ministerial chair, they have to show that they are ready to take charge. Also, forex may be a central subject, but isn't rupee common to both the ruling party and the opposition? Isn't common to those living in Gujarat and those living elsewhere in the country? If Modi and their team can go and rescue people in Uttarakhand, why can't they extend the same courtesy to the even-more-slipped rupee? Why are we not seeing a news report titled ‘Modi does a Mugambo, rescues the rupee for 15,000 Gujaratis'?”
“There are questions and questions and questions. As ever, no answers are forthcoming from the man or their minions,” wrote Sripathi. “In the event, the nation should ask itself the question whether it should it be asking questions to a man who does not have the habit of seeing them as questions.”
Elsewhere, the rupee continued its slide, this time against itself as Rs 10 was hovering around Re 1. Economists and money market experts, however, played down the latest developments. “Rupee falling against rupee is only a technical correction.” (Technical correction is the economic term that experts use to describe a market situation that they have no understanding of. In general, experts use it daily).
In the face of rupee's slip, the Union government went into an overdrive to salvage the situation. While on the political front both the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi made an aerial survey of rupee trapped in the debris of Indian economy. “Rupee at around 60 to a dollar is totally unacceptable to us,” the duo said, almost hoping that the money genie does something to improve the state of affairs.
On the economic flank, the Finance Ministry is said to be ready with a series of measures to help salvage the situation. The chief move may be in the direction of privatizing rupee totally. Also, FDI in rupee will be most actively encouraged. And if everything else fails, India, in a bid to restore parity between rupee and dollar, may go in for the most logical step of announcing dollar as the nation's currency.
If that doesn't bring the dollar down, nobody knows what will.
(Disclaimer: Why is the Indian currency leaking? Because it's Ru-pee)
(Originally published in Crank's Corner)
While the surrounding countries of South Korea and China shine brightly at night, North Korea shuts down.
The lack of electricity produces this striking image, taken by a NASA satellite:
NASA/Reuters
You can see the country's border more clearly here:
The effect happens because North Korea's supply of electricity is too small to keep shining through the night. In the mid-1990s, the Soviet Union cut off the country's energy supply entirely.
In South Korea, people consume 10,162 kilowatt hours of power per person, per year. North Koreans use just 739. Entire streets shut down, and people go to bed early with nothing else to do in the darkness.
In response to criticisms that North Korea is too weak to power itself, the state-run newspaper, the Rodong Sinmun, issued the statement last year that "They [North Korea's detractors] clap their hands and get loud over a satellite picture of our city with not much light, but the essence of society is not on flashy lights."
Or considering the recent photos, any lights for that matter.
What is a solar tower you ask? Greenlaunches reports that it's a structure that combines the power of both solar and wind–also known as solar updraft technology–to generate as much energy as possible, and it's coming soon to Buronga, in the Wentworth Shire of New South Wales, Australia.
According to Enviromission, the company behind the Solar Tower, the structure generates energy by using the sun's radiation to heat a large body of air stored under a large collector zone. Since hot air rises, it's forced by physics to move as a hot wind through a shaft lined with large turbines, which generate electricity. The Solar Tower project was awarded Major Project Facilitation status from the Australian government, in recognition of its contribution to government goals in reducing greenhouse gases.
But Enviromission's mission, so to speak, doesn't seem limited to Australia. In June of last year, the company filed two land applications in the US for two Solar Tower power station developments, now formally earmarked for the Grand Canyon State–each totaling 5,500 acres, each suitable for the development of a 200MW Solar Tower power station.
WASHINGTON -- President Barack Obama has directed the federal government to buy the near-empty state prison in rural Thomson, Ill., to house federal inmates and up to 100 detainees from the U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, officials said late Monday.
The official announcement is planned for Tuesday and follows weeks of consideration of the Thomson Correctional Center as a site for Guantanamo detainees.
The decision is part of a complicated plan for shutting down the controversial Guantanamo detention center, a lightning rod for anti-American sentiment around the world as a result of what critics say were detainee abuses there during the Bush administration.
Obama ordered the shutdown of the detention center as one of their first acts after inauguration in January. But closing it has proved to be cumbersome, largely because of the difficulty of finding other places to hold the terrorism suspects.
Illinois and local officials suggested the near-vacant Thomson prison, near the Mississippi River and the Iowa state line. Construction on the prison started in the 1990s and was completed in 2001.
The U.S. is already in the process of sending detainees to their home countries and to third countries on what aides call a "rolling basis" throughout this year. U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder recently announced prosecutions in federal courts and military commissions that will begin soon.
The Thomson prison could house 35 to 90 of the Guantanamo detainees, said one source familiar with the discussions.
Toward that end, Obama has directed that the federal government proceed with the acquisition of the Thomson prison center, an administration official said late Monday. The official said the prison would house federal inmates as well as "a limited number of detainees" from Guantanamo Bay.
"Closing the detention center at Guantanamo is essential to protecting our national security and helping our troops by removing a deadly recruiting tool from the hands of al-Qaida," the administration official said.
The announcement on Tuesday "is an important step forward as we work to achieve our national security objectives," the official said.
U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin and Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn are scheduled to be in Washington on Tuesday afternoon to be briefed on the decision by administration officials at the White House. Democrats, Durbin and Quinn have been major backers of the project.
Administration officials have estimated some 3,800 jobs would be created in and around Thomson to operate the prison.
At present, there are 210 detainees in custody in Guantanamo Bay. About 90 of them have been cleared for transfer back to their native countries or sent to other countries. Five are being turned over to the Department of Justice for federal trial in New York.
The plan for Thomson has been under consideration for weeks, as first reported by the Tribune's Washington bureau. Over the weekend, administration officials said they were closing in on Thomson as a leading candidate for Guantanamo inmates, but that they hadn't made a final determination.
In previous discussions, aides said the federal government would operate the Thomson site as a prison for its highest-risk inmates, and also turn over a portion to the Department of Defense to take transferees from the U.S. military prison in Cuba.
The administration has also considered the possibility of operating a military tribunal at or near the prison, where the government would try combatants charged with acts of terrorism. Officials did not comment on that idea Monday.
The Thomson site could become the sole location for what the administration calls "long-term detainees," those suspects who will remain in custody but who are not likely to stand trial.
State Sen. Jeff Schoenberg, D-Evanston, who is co-chairing a state panel that will hold a hearing on the issue, said word from the White House is "consistent with everything that I've been led to expect."
"All the signs have pointed toward the Obama administration selecting Thomson as the site," Schoenberg said.
Schoenberg noted that multiple communities have weighed in with resolutions supporting Thomson's effort to become a federal prison.
"For those who live in that job-starved portion of the state, this is undoubtedly very welcome news," Schoenberg said. "Even the most conservative estimates of the economic impact that this would have are considerable."
A hearing on the Thomson prison is set for Dec. 22 in nearby Sterling before a bipartisan legislative panel, the Commission on Government Forecasting and Accountability. The commission will make an advisory recommendation that the Quinn administration can accept or reject on whether to close the prison, which has never been used to its capacity.
The Quinn administration has said that lawmakers do not need to pass legislation for the sale to take place. After the recommendation from the panel, the Quinn administration can sell the prison under the state's surplus property act.
Standup Jimmy Pardo is getting their very own TBS pilot. The cable network has ordered a pilot presentation for The Weekly Awards, a clip show hosted by Pardo that will find them going over the week's big events and handing out awards while wearing a tux. Conan O'Brien is producing the pilot via their production company Conaco. The pilot is taping next month, and you can get tickets here.
Pardo, who is the host of the popular podcast Never Not Funny, has been serving as the opening act for tapings of Conan O'Brien's talk show for years and occasionally appears on camera. They filled in for Andy Richter as co-host for two shows last summer. If The Weekly Awards gets picked up, it'll be the fourth comedy from Conan O'Brien's Conaco to land at their home network TBS, following Conan, The Pete Holmes Show, which was renewed for 13 more weeks last month, and Deon Cole's Black Box, which debuted last year but has since been canceled.
James Norton has overtaken Aidan Turner and Tom Hiddleston to become the bookies favourite to play the next James Bond.
According to Paddy Power, the Happy Valley star is now 1/3 to land the role. See the full list of contenders below:
1/3 James Norton
7/4 Aidan Turner
9/2 Tom Hiddleston
10/1 Idris Elba
11/1 Damian Lewis
12/1 Jamie Bell
12/1 Tom Hardy
25/1 Michael Fassbender
50/1 Gillian Anderson
Norton has gone from being 33/1 six weeks ago to now the frontrunner. So it seems someone may have some top secret information.
‘We've barely had any bets on Norton to be the next Bond,' said a Paddy Power spokesperson, ‘we thought the first this morning was like a hopeful roulette spin in Casino Royale.' ‘However, after a sudden sequence of follow-up punts, we're starting to suspect that we're dealing with a Dr. In The Know – so the odds have Skyfall-en.'
One thing seems for sure and that's that Daniel Craig won't be returning as 007 after reportedly turning down £68million. And with Norton now the favourite, we may soon see their name officially attached to the role.
Self-hatred is neither attractive nor constructive. It is not only insincere but unjustified
The British, Dalrymple writes,
are fortunate enough to be the inheritors of a tradition as great as (though not necessarily greater than) any. Why reject it?
They write from India, where they says
it is far easier to find genuine and knowledgeable admirers of British culture than it is among Britain's own political class. This is the saddest commentary on the condition of England.
In Great Britain, says Dalrymple, you find
officially-sponsored indifference or hostility to anything which might be considered part of the European and British cultural and religious heritage.
This is combined with
a tender regard for any non-European and non-British cultural heritage.
For example,
no British minister would go to Brick Lane in East London and say it was horribly Bangladeshi; but a British minister had no compunction in complaining of an institution that it was horribly white.
English intellectuals, Dalrymple points out,
have long harboured a hatred of their country and its culture. The attitude has deeply infiltrated the political class, and has come to affect legislation.
Moral exhibitionism
But it is
insincere. Those who adopt it are not admirers of other cultures, for to admire other cultures it is necessary to study them. To know another culture is not a matter of slipping down once in a while to a restaurant that serves its cuisine: it is very hard work indeed, and the more different that culture is from one's own, the harder the work it is.
When members of Britain's political class express their adherence to multiculturalism,
they are not expressing their love of other cultures, they are expressing hatred of their own. It is this which explains the discrepancy in the way a Christian who derides Islam can expect to be treated by comparison with a Muslim who derides Christianity.
The hatred of that section of the political class for their country's culture, traditions and past is insincere in another sense, Dalrymple notes.
By expressing that hatred, they imagine themselves to be exhibiting their moral superiority for all the world — and especially the intelligentsia — to see.
Rubbing their noses in diversity
Another factor in the political class's hatred of their culture is that it is politically advantageous. Mass immigration,
with the concomitant ideological glorification of the multicultural society, has had as its purpose the production of a permanent change in the nature of the British population, which can be relied upon to vote for ever for the kind of politicians who brought it about. It is one thing to encourage immigration because your commerce is so strong that there is a labour shortage; quite another when neither of those conditions obtains. Britain's commerce was never strong and there never was a labour shortage. The country imported people while there was still mass unemployment (disguised as sickness) to create a vote bank for those who brought this about.
Advertisements
CAIRO – A hijabi Muslim winner of Great British Bake Off TV show announced on Friday, April 15, that they will bake Queen Elizabeth's 90th birthday cake.
Bake Off champion Nadiya Hussain revealed the news on ITV's Loose Women saying that the cake would be “very citrusy,” The Guardian reported.
They had considered doing a fruit cake but told the panel: “I thought ‘Let's do something a little bit different'.”
The winner of the popular BBC show said they would be serving an orange drizzle cake with orange curd and orange buttercream.
Being the first female Muslim contestant on British reality TV culinary series The Great British Bake Off, Hussain naturally attracted a lot of attention.
The 31-year-old mother of three children aged nine, eight and five, won competition that was aired in the UK last October, where they beat 11 other amateur bakers competing each week in signature, technical and showstopper challenges.
“When I told the kids [I was making a cake for the Queen], the boys were great at keeping it a secret,” the mother of three said.
“I told my daughter and they said, ‘Oh Mary Berry? You've made lots of cakes for Mary Berry.'”
The cake will be delivered personally to the Queen next Thursday on their 90th birthday at Windsor Castle's Guildhall.
When Windows Server has issues, the first place we go to are the event logs. We want to know what was going on when the trouble began, what applications were running and might have caused it, etc. We are masters at figuring this stuff out.
Now take the same event logs and try to sort them out by what they mean from a security stand point, and most of us wind up looking like a monkey trying to solve a quadratic equation. But there are a lot of things that go on, and you need to know about many of them. In some cases, you might not want to know about tomorrow. You need to know about them right now.
For instance, there's a very special subset of employees that we need to watch, and that's our Sysadmins. In most out fits, Sysadmins will have two accounts. There's the daily “let's log in and check e-mail” password that we use for routine stuff. Then there's the privileged account that usually has all kinds of power and authority built in (like being a domain admin for example). It's these that we might want to keep an eye on. We might want to know what events get triggered by them, and so we'll take a handful and then show you how to set things up to watch for them.
A couple of events to watch for:
EVENT 4663 – This one is generated when you have a high number of files being deleted. Chances are it's innocent. It can also be someone who is dumping crucial information and wants to make life difficult for you and/or the company.
EVENT 4724 – Password reset. Again, probably innocent enough. But then it depends on the account having the password reset. Resetting service account passwords is a nice way for an upset sysadmin to spread havoc through the infrastructure.
EVENT 4704 & 4717 – Changes to user rights assignments. Normally we'd expect to see this associated with a ticket request. However, if someone is planning something underhanded, there's a really good chance they won't follow protocol to do it. An event like this will often tell you what rights were assigned to a user or account, but it probably won't tell you who did it. This is one to watch for because a hacker on the inside might try to elevate a service account or an ordinary user account with permissions that will give them access to the system and help them cover their tracks doing it.
EVENT 4719 & 4739 – If you see these, start thinking someone has altered the Audit and Account policies in the system. Often a good prelude to an internal hack.
EVENT 1102 – This is often a big one to watch for and can be a really big smoking gun. This means that someone has just cleared the security log. Again, this can be innocent, but it can also mean someone is trying to cover their tracks. This is a good tripwire that could easily mean that an attack on the network is coming, or it's already winding down.
So, how do you find out about these events, beyond combing event logs afterwards (which you'll want to do anyway)? Well, more than a few companies make some great system log monitors, and it will watch for events you tell it to watch for, and will even notify you in real time should certain event occur.
Windows 2008 (and later versions) comes with its own built in means of alerting of certain events. To take advantage of this, just open Windows and go to Task Scheduler. In there, create a Basic Task.
Give your task a name and a short description of what it's supposed to do:
You want to know when a certain event is logged:
You'll then want to know what log to look at. Don't forget to enter the ID of the event you're watching for:
You probably want it to at least send you an email:
And remember to set things up so the message is correct:
Click “Next” and you're done.
The writer and TV presenter was motion captured for the latest in the World War Two war game series – now he's available for everyone to shoot at
We're used to them firing insults at politicians and celebrities, but soon he'll be firing bullets at video game players. Writer, critic and television presenter Charlie Brooker is appearing in the World War Two simulation, Sniper Elite 3 as a German field officer accompanying Hitler.
In April, games developer Rebellion revealed that it had offered Brooker the chance to star in the latest Sniper Elite title after they praised the game series in their Guardian column. The star of Newswipe and Ten O'Clock Live was filmed in a motion capture studio so their physical movements could be placed in the game. Their voice was also captured and it will be used in a series of radio recordings that players can discover throughout the story.
Unfortunately, for fans (and indeed non-fans) of Brooker, access to their appearance will be limited. Only those who pre-order the game before its 27 June release will get the bonus level in which they appear. It's likely however, that the content will be made available at a later date to all Sniper Elite 3 owners.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Charlie Brooker was motion captured for their role in the game, and their voice is also used in radio recordings hidden around the level
Brooker is a veteran video game fan. They once wrote for specialist magazine PC Zone and has presented documentaries on games, including Gameswipe and How Video Games Changed the World.
 They are only the latest in a series of celebrity gamers to make it into the industry through sheer force of fandom. Comedy actor Peter Serafinowicz was approached to appear in fantasy action adventure Dark Souls 2 when they professed their love for the game, while movie star Vin Diesel liked gaming so much they bought their own development studio.
Those who do manage to play the bonus mission in Sniper Elite 3 will apparently be well rewarded with in-game achievement points; there is a special bonus available for the most imaginative Brooker assassination – a fact that will not doubt appeal to the darkly cynical humorist who wrote, "I will never tire of hiding in the mountains, blowing people's heads off from a distance with a high-velocity rifle."
• Sniper Elite 3: Charlie Brooker to cameo between the crosshairs
• Charlie Brooker on why video game television is so hard to make
Newlyweds Jason Roach and Jessica Cantrell are driving on Interstate 33 towards their home in Lancaster, Ohio when they notice a police car flashing its lights behind them. Their three young children sit in the backseat, and a five-ounce ball of heroin that the couple picked up in Columbus lies in a diaper bag in plain sight. Jason, 37, has two felonies on their record for credit card theft and assault, and Jessica, 25, has served time for dealing heroin. After their arrests, sitting in the back of the police car, Jason begins to cry as they plead with the police officer, “I'm tryin' to take care of my family, man! I'm fuckin' strugglin' in life just like everybody else, man!” The police officer does not offer their condolences to Jason. Later, in a Lancaster court, a judge will reprimand Jason: “You are part of a much larger problem, and it's disgusting.”
Disgust and shame have come to define the attitudes of Lancaster's citizens towards rising drug addiction and poverty in their once prosperous town on the western foothills of the Appalachian Mountains. But Brian Alexander in their new book Glass House: The 1% Economy and the Shattering of the All-American Town makes the case that Lancaster's decline is not the result of individual “bad” decisions, like not using birth control, dropping out of high school and getting addicted to opioids. Instead, it's the consequence of deregulatory economics on Wall Street that eviscerated working-class communities in small towns across the United States.
In 1947, Forbes magazine ran a feature article on Lancaster, Ohio—arguing that the town was “the epitome and apogee of the American free-enterprise system.” In its heyday, Lancaster, situated “atop a sea of natural glass,” was home to the world's largest glassware manufacturer, the Anchor Hocking Glass Company. For decades, young Midwestern couples flocked to Lancaster for good-paying industrial jobs that required no more than a high school diploma. “You couldn't spend more than a few days, even a few hours, in Lancaster without somebody trying to indoctrinate you as to why Lancaster was an exceptional town, and why living there was the same kind of lucky break as being born in America.” Even long after the hollowing out of much of the country's manufacturing industry in the 1970s and 1980s, Lancaster continued to thrive, pumping out 600,000 pieces of glassware a day.
Alexander, a California-based human sexuality reporter and author of America Unzipped, seems an unlikely authority on Lancaster, Ohio. (In Glass House, they carry over the obnoxious habit of evaluating the physical attractiveness of each of their female subjects.) But their knowledge of the town stems from their upbringing in the booming Lancaster of the 1960s and 1970s, when candy shops, movie theaters and even a department store lined Main Street. Alexander spent their teenage years scooping ice cream at the local Baskin Robbins and hanging out poolside at the Lancaster Country Club, at the time, a middle-class community center where the children of Anchor Hocking workers and bosses played together.
But the Lancaster that Alexander returns to in the 21st century stands in sharp contrast to its mid-century counterpart. “Vape shops, tattoo studios, mattress stores, car title-loan offices, Dollar General, [and] Family Dollar…pepper the town.” Lancaster has earned a reputation in the southern Ohio as “heroin heaven.” Sixty percent of pregnant women test positive for cocaine, opiates, meth and Xanax during prenatal checkups, yet one woman's proposal to build a drug rehab center is met with death threats. Eighty percent of single mothers with children under five live in poverty, and one in two students in the Lancaster City School District qualifies for free or reduced lunch—though many do not accept it out of pride. As Brian Gossett, a 26-year old fourth-generation Anchor Hocking factory worker tells Alexander, and many of Alexander's subjects who juggle two or three minimum wage jobs reiterate, “I'm as poor as shit.”
Mirroring the decline of unions in the United States, Anchor Hocking, for decades Lancaster's largest employer, has lost 80 percent of its jobs since its peak in the 1960s—today providing less than 1,200 jobs to Lancaster's 39,000 residents.
Lancaster's unwinding began in the late 1970s, when the corporate leadership of Anchor Hocking began to prioritize stock values over manufacturing productivity. In 1978, Anchor Hocking went public. The company's corporate executives, who for the first time weren't based in Lancaster, began pandering to the interests of shareholders and executives. A series of Wall Street-run corporations and private equity firms increased profits and lowered costs by firing hundreds of Anchor Hocking workers, and slashing away at the wages and retirement funds, healthcare benefits, and vacation days for the remaining employees—all while paying themselves multi-million dollar salaries. Between 2011 and 2012, Anchor Hocking paid $54 million to the private equity firm Monomoy Capital Partners in dividends and advisory fees, sending Anchor Hocking to bankruptcy court. CEO John Sheppard alone received $2,281,966 in 2012.
Anchor Hocking's corporate management frequently cornered union bosses into agreeing to lower wages and reduced pay by threatening to shutter operations entirely and find cheaper labor elsewhere—an all-too-familiar ultimatum among the former union strongholds of the Rust Belt. In 2008, the company began busing in undocumented Mexican workers to Lancaster, and putting them up in highway motels in a ploy to circumvent union wages. In 1985, the average union employee made $9.33 per hour, or $16 per hour in 2016 dollars with health benefits and robust retirement funds. By 2015, new hires earned $12 per hour. Many of those who bought health insurance took home less than $10,000 a year after union dues, so most just went without it.
As Sam Soloman, one of the more candid of Anchor Hocking's succession of CEOs, described the company's business model, “It's not about making the product, it's about making the money appear and the 99 percent doesn't understand that.”
At times, Glass House reads as if it were two books, one about the decline of a small Rust Belt town and the other about corporate greed on Wall Street. This is a flaw to the extent that it makes for a jarring read. In the former sections, Alexander attempts to mimic the local dialect and mindset, often resorting to cheap sentimentality, while reducing their characters to stereotypes. Meanwhile, the story behind the Wall Street-led ravaging of Anchor Hocking is written in the highly technical language of corporate finance.
Yet, this disconnect between Lancaster and Wall Street helps illuminate the absurdity and injustice of having a few bankers earn millions while thousands of workers lose their jobs and fall into poverty. Most of the Lancasterians who Alexander interviews do not recognize the names of the CEOs and firms that have impoverished their town when they mention them.
In fact, when Alexander's subjects contemplate why Lancaster has become so poor, rarely do people point fingers at corporate leadership. Instead they look closer to home. A municipal judge tells Alexander, “We've seen the wrong part of our society grow dramatically in population, while the other side is having to pay for that.” When an unemployed worker turns down a $30 offer from a local doctor to mow their lawn, the doctor uses it as proof that the “underclass just want to lie around collecting welfare.”
President Donald Trump's latest budget proposal for the coming fiscal year suggests a similar attitude towards the nation's poor. The Trump administration is pushing for $800 billion in cuts to Medicaid, $192 billion in rollbacks to the Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program, or food stamps, and $272 billion in reductions to all welfare programs over the next decade. If passed, each of these cuts would undoubtedly increase suffering in Lancaster, where the population is 94 percent white. Yet, in November 2016, 61 percent of the county's residents voted for Trump, putting Fairfield County among Ohio's 82 counties that went to Trump (out of a total of 88) in this traditional swing-state that was once flush with working-class Democrats.
In Glass House, Alexander struggles to find a satisfactory explanation for Lancaster's support for government austerity, self-reliance and Right-wing politics under expanding conditions of poverty. Perhaps this is because they barely touch on the Democratic Party's strong ties to Wall Street and its corresponding failure to protect unions and unite the working-class across racial lines. Instead, Alexander resorts to vague platitudes about nationwide decline: “If you didn't adopt [this line of thinking], you might be forced to consider the idea that something had gone rotten in the heart of the all-American town—and, just maybe, in America itself.”
Reading between the lines, however, it is clear the origins of that rot lie elsewhere.
(Cover: Macmillan Publishers Ltd.)
So this is what happens when I decide I want to draw Adagio late at nightSo ya, digital sketching is surprisingly easy, in some ways even more so then traditional....in some ways. So I'm pretty happy, didn't think I'd have this much fun sketching on a tablet. I mean shading sure, but sketching, ya wow, I'm impressedAlthough I really feel like sketching some traditional, but I also feel like with my skill at humans right now it's a lot harder to get what I want that way.....hmm, maybe that's the apeal, maybe this just feels too easy. Not really sure. Either way this was a very quick little thing, and it isn't much.Also just ignore the heads.....just ignore them....Ya I have to fix them, might move this to scrapbook till thenAnyways I'm thinking of maybe turning this into a full blown pic, I don't know, what do you guys think?
Business at the farm-to-table restaurant has slowed, prompting owner Sean Sanders to pull the plug. View Full Caption Facebook/Browntrout Cuisine
NORTH CENTER — An early adopter of the farm-to-table concept, Browntrout restaurant will close its doors Aug. 30 after a slow summer has pushed the business into the red, said chef/owner Sean Sanders.
"We just can't seem to hold it together," Sanders said.
Receipts are down 25 percent from August 2014, "for what reason, I don't know," they said. "It's drying up on us."
On any given Sunday, Browntrout, 4111 N. Lincoln Ave., might serve 100 people, and then fewer than 30 customers the next.
"It's so erratic. What's really stopping us now is we can't make payroll." Sanders said. "I'm proud of what we've done here, but I can't keep a Band-Aid on it."
Patty Wetli says Sanders was open about the restaurant's problems:
Sanders said they could try to hold on until the fall and winter, when business traditionally picks up, but then he'd be facing the same downturn next summer.
"I don't want to take people through the wringer," they said, adding that they fear "getting pushed against the same ropes."
Browntrout opened in 2009 on what Sanders thought was a can't-miss section of Lincoln Avenue and went on to earn five consecutive Michelin Bib Gourmands's.
"I feel like we're putting out our best food," said Sanders, pointing to Browntrout's overwhelmingly positive Yelp! reviews.
But the trend in restaurants seems to be leaning heavily toward niche, they said, naming success stories like Fat Rice, Pub Royale and the just-opened Small Cheval.
"In 2009, our niche was farm-to-plate. That's not a niche anymore," they said.
Another problematic shift: Social media has provided less and less of a marketing boost, with Facebook charging businesses to have their posts seen, and Twitter expanding to the point where most followers are outside of Chicago.
The Lincoln Avenue location has also proved "not the greatest," said Sanders.
Families in the area spend so much on housing, when it comes to dining out, they tend to opt for more affordable pub grub, they conjectured.
Having tried a number of last-ditch efforts to keep the doors open, including taking on a $30,000 loan, Sanders said, "At this stage, we're ready to go."
"This was a big dream of mine. Now, I don't feel like cooking," they said. "It's torn my soul up a little bit. My soul's real tired."
Sanders' modest goal for Browntrout's remaining days is to generate enough business to avoid bankruptcy and close on a high note. Beyond that, their future plans are murky.
"I don't know, I might be a bike messenger for a few months," they said.
Or maybe he'll resurrect the concept they once had for a sandwich shop.
If they do open another eatery, Sanders already knows one thing he'll do differently from the outset: "I'm going to get a bunch more money to start with."
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Note: First author is Todd Junkins
“A United States Army sergeant methodically killed at least 16 civilians, 9 of them children...” (Shah & Bowley, 2012)
Is this sergeant just a really ‘bad apple' or are we all susceptible? Believe it or not, we can each shift into evil thoughts and behavior quite easily. How do we become “bad” or “good”?
Triune Ethics Theory (Narvaez, 2008) describes three distinct, but related, moral orientations based on the evolution of the brain (MacLean, 1990): Safety, Engagement, and Imagination. This theory describes the range of our moral selves.
Safety Ethic. The Safety Ethic stems from the oldest parts of our brain, evolutionarily speaking. These older parts, the basal ganglia and lower limbic system, are designed for survival and thriving in context. Our most basic emotions of , anger, and basic also originate in these systems.
Potential threats activate our Safety Ethic. Since this part of the brain deals with basic survival, it can dominate the process of taking an action. Once the stress response is activated, it shuts down our higher order thinking and more compassionate responses. In this panic or fearful state we overlook informative details and empathic feelings in the sole pursuit of reestablishing a sense of security. As a result, when we are in this mindset, we are prone to ruthlessness and attaining a security goal at any cost. In this way the Safety Ethic decreases our sensitivity to others and higher moral ..
Early experience shapes how dominant the Safety ethic will be in our lives. For example, early life (e.g., extensive or intense distress) can condition our stress response system to be easily activated whenever we are stressed. New or unexpected situations can easily feel threatening. It is easy to imagine how this can result in an aggressive .
Extensive trauma later in life (e.g., war), can also fix the Safety Ethic as our moral outlook. In both cases, early or later trauma, the Safety Ethic can become our dominant moral orientation or disposition rather than just a useful response to an occasional situational threat. People who look or act differently will seem threatening rather than interesting. To feel safe, those with safety orientations will strive for status, dominance of self or their group.
A Safety Ethic has its virtues: ingroup loyalty (not the loyalty of love), self-control (especially of ‘soft' emotion), and obedience.
Engagement Ethic. The Ethic of Engagement represents relational attunement, particularly through caring social bonds. This ethic is rooted in the visceral-emotional nervous system, or the part of the brain that encourages play and other prosocial emotion systems. Early care shapes the reliability, function and integration of these systems (Narvaez & Gleason, in press). When all goes well in early life, we develop the capacity for strong social attachments, well functioning emotion systems that guide our choices and actions (Schore, 1994), and a corresponding social moral sense (in contrast to the self-oriented Safety Ethic).
The Engagement Ethic is a nonkilling ethic. This is the ethic that major religions emphasize— humbly and compassionately treating other life as equally important as our own. It is a self-transcendent orientation. It is the Engagement Ethic that keeps us from harming others when we don't get our way. When this ethic falters, we are susceptible to evil actions, as self-protection or self-aggrandizement takes over.
For the Engagement Ethic to develop well, the infant's nervous system is dependent on caregiver guidance in self-calming. co-develops the child's skills in social communication and interconnecting with the emotions of self and others (Lewis, Amini, & Lannon, 2000). Inadequate or poor early care and trauma can cause our brains to develop weak self-regulatory systems that daily activities easily overwhelm. With such weak development, the stress response system becomes easily activated, potentially leading to a self-protective orientation (the Safety Ethic) with greater distrust, hostility or towards others (Kruesi, et al., 1992).
Imagination Ethic. Residing primarily in the neocortex, prefrontal cortex and related structures, the Imagination Ethic is built on the third stage of human brain evolution (MacLean, 1990). The prefrontal cortex (PFC) is vital to , flexible thinking, and perspective taking. It is critical to life-long , empathy, and problem-solving. Using reason and other tools, the Imagination Ethic helps us adapt to ongoing through coordinating the reactions, instincts and intuitions of the older parts of the brain (e.g., fear, anger).
The Ethic of Imagination, like the Engagement Ethic, requires a nurturing in early life. Much is happening in the first year of life to wire the prefrontal cortex. Even in this first year, children are already how to relate to others.
Are children learning , dominance/submission, or separation as a way of relating? Take a young child who is often left on their own. As the brain shapes itself based on experience, this continued experience of being alone conditions the brain for being alone. The result is a reduction in density of neurons and circuitry for social relations. These experiences early in life may predispose us to , and poor social and emotional skills throughout life (Schore, 2003a, 2003b).
The PFC and its specialized units take decades to fully mature. Even with nurturing care early in life, the PFC is susceptible to damage in and early adulthood (Giedd, Blumenthal, Jeffries, & al, 1999; Luna, Thulborn, Munoz, Merriam, Garver, & Minshew, 2001). For example, the PFC may be damaged through binge drinking (Bechara, 2005) or continually playing violent video games (Mathews, Kronenberger, Wang, Lurito, Lowe, & Dunn, 2005). This damage can lead to poor control of impulses and emotions, and little ability to predict consequences of actions.
Did something like this happen to Robert Bales, the soldier who appears to have shot 16 Afghan civilians in cold blood? Was the killer functioning from an unregulated Safety Ethic? We examine this question further in part 2, The Psychology of Killing: Blurred Moral Vision.
*For a more detailed look at this topic, see our chapter titled ‘An Educational Model for Teaching a Nonkilling Ethic' in Nonkilling Psychology, published through Center for Global Nonkilling. The title is available for free in .pdf format or through Amazon.
References
Allman, J., Hakeem, A., Erwin, J., Ninchinsky, E., & Hof, P. (2001). The Anterior Cingulate Cortex: The Evolution of an Interface between Emotion and . Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences, 935, 107-117.
Anderson, S., Bechara, A., Damasio, H., Tranel, D., & Damasio, A. (1999). Impairment of social and moral behavior related to early damage in human preforntal cortex. Nature , 2, 1032-1037.
Arpaly, N. (2003). Unprincipled virtue: An inquiry into moral agency. New York: Oxford Press.
Bechara, A. (2005). , and loss of willpower to resist : a neurocognitive perspective. Nature Neuroscience, 8, 1458-1463.
Cervone, D. (1999). Bottom-up explanation in personality psychology: The case of cross-situational coherence. In D. Cervone, & Y. Shoda (Eds.), they coherence of personality: Social-cognitive bases of personality consistency, variability, and organization (pp. 303-341). New York: Guilford Press.
Darley, J., & Batson, C. D. (1973). From Jerusalem to Jericho: A study of situational and dispositional variables in . Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 27, 100-108.
Darwin, C. (1871/1981). The Descent of Man. Princeton: Princeton University Press.
de Quervain, D. J.-F., Fischbacher, U., Treyer, V., Schellhammer, M., Schnyder, U., Buck, A., et al. (2004). The Neural Basis of . Science, 305, 1254-1258.
Eisler, R., & Levine, D. (2002). Nurture, nature, and caring: We are not prisoners of our . Brain and Mind, 3, 9-52.
Giedd, J., Blumenthal, J., Jeffries, N., & al, e. (1999). Brain development during and adolescence: A longitudinal MRI study. Nature Neuroscience, 10(2), 861-863.
Goldberg, E. (2002). The Executive Brain: Frontal Lobes and the Civilized Brain. New York: Oxford University Press.
Hedges, C. (2011). The World As It Is: Dispatches on the Myth of Human Progress. New York: Nation Books.
Hogarth, R. M. (2001). Educating . Chicago: University of Chicago Press.
Jost, J., Glaser, J., Kruglanski, A., & Sulloway, F. (2003). Political Conservatism as Motivated Social Cognition. Psychological Bulletin, 129(3), 339-375.
Junkins, T., & Narvaez, D. (2012). An Educational Model for Teaching a Nonkilling Ethic. In D. J. Christie, & J. E. Pim (Eds.), Nonkilling Psychology (pp. 295-319). Honolulu: Center for Global Nonkilling.
Kochanska, G. (2002). Mutually Responsive Orientation Between Mothers and Their Young Children: A context for the early development of . Current Directions in Psychological Science, 11, 191-195.
Kodituwakku, P., Kalberg, W., & May, P. (1999). Effects of Prenatal Exposure on Executive Functioning. Alcohol Research and : Alcohol-Related Birth Defects: An Update, 25(3).
Kruesi, M., Hibbs, E., Zahn, T., Keysor, C., Hamburger, S., Bartko, J., et al. (1992). 2-year prospective follow-up study of children and adolescents with disruptive behavior disorders. Prediction by cerebrospinal fluid 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid, homovanillic acid, and autonomic measures? Archives of General , 49(6), 429-435.
Lewis, T., Amini, F., & Lannon, R. (2000). A General Theory of Love. New York: Vintage.
Loye, D. (2002). The Moral Brain. Brain and Mind, 3, 133-150.
Luna, B., Thulborn, K., Munoz, D., Merriam, E., Garver, K., & Minshew, N. (2001). Maturation of widely distibuted brain functions subserves cognitive development. NeuroImage, 13(5), 786-793.
MacLean, P. (1990). The Triune Brain in Evolution: Role in Paleocerebral Functions. New York: Plenum.
Mathews, V., Kronenberger, W., Wang, Y., Lurito, J., Lowe, M., & Dunn, D. (2005). violence exposure and frontal lobe activation measured by functional magnetic resonance imaging in aggressive and nonaggressive adolescents. Journal of Computer Assisted Tomography, 29(3), 287-292.
Meier, B., Robinson, M., & Wilkowski, B. (2006). Turning the other cheek: and the regulation of aggression-related primes. Psychological Science, 17(5), 136-142.
Mischel, W. (1973). Towards a Cognitive Reconceptualization of Personality. Psychological Review, 80, 252-283.
Narvaez, D. (2008). Triune Ethics: The neurobioogical roots of our multiple moralities. New Ideas in Psychology, 26, 95-119.
Newman, M., Holden, G., & Delville, Y. (2005). Isolation and the stress of being bullied. Journal of Adolescence, 28, 343-357.
Nisbett, R., & Cohen, D. (1996). Culture of Honor. New York: Westview Press.
Ochsner, K., & Gross, J. (2007). The Neural Architecture of Emotion Regulation. In J. Gross (Ed.), Handbook of Emotion Regulation (pp. 87-108). New York: Guilford Press.
Panksepp, J. (1998). Affective Neuroscience: The foundations of human and animal emotions. New York: Oxford University Press.
Rosenblatt, A., Greenberg, J., Solomon, S., Pyszczynski, T., & Lyon, D. (1989). Evidence for : I. The Effects of Morality Salience on Reactions to Those Who Violate or Uphold Cultural Values. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 57(4), 681-690.
Schore, A. (1994). Affect Regulation. Hillsdale, NJ: Erlbaum.
Shah, T., & Bowley, G. (2012, March 11). U.S. Sergeant Is Said to Kill 16 Civilians in Afghanistan. Retrieved March 15, 2012, from New York Times: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/03/12/world/asia/afghanistan-civilians-kille...
Shaver, P., & Mikulincer, M. (2007). Adult Strategies and the Regulation of Emotion. In J. Gross (Ed.), Handbook of Emotion Regulation (pp. 446-465). New York: Guilford Press.
Solomon, D., Watson, M., & Battistich, V. (2002). Teaching and schooling effects on moral/prosocial development. In V. Richardson (Ed.), Handbook of research on teaching (pp. 566-603). Washington, DC: American Educational Research Association.
Staub, E. (1992). The Roots of Evil. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Weaver, I., Szyf, M., & Meaney, M. (2002). From maternal care to gene expression: DNA methylation and the maternal programming of stress responses. Research, 28, 699.
Zimbardo, P. (2007). The Lucifer Effect: Understanding How Good People Turn Evil. New York: Random House.
The proposal
EU countries would be required to choose between two approaches to reduce the use of lightweight plastic bags:
Bring down the number of lightweight plastic bags used by each person to 90 bags per person every year by the end of 2019; and to no more than 40 bags per person by 2025; Put an end to plastic bags being given away for free when buying goods by the end of 2018
Environmental impact
Each year eight billion plastic bags end up as litter, including in seas where plastic particles can get into animals and eventually appear in the food chain.
The problem with so-called biodegradable bags
Oxo-biodegradable bags also break up into micro-particles so while giving the impression of not littering the environment, they do so invisibly.
Under the new rules, it would be up to the European Commission to set specifications on labelling and look into ways to limit the use of oxo-biodegradable bags.
Channel3000.com file photo Andersen
MADISON, Wis. - Admissions standards were probably the reason Gary Andersen left their head coaching job at Wisconsin last month, according to a report from CBS Sports.
"It's been well documented there were some kids I couldn't get in school," Andersen said in the CBS Sports article. "That was highly frustrating to me. I lost some guys, and I told them I wasn't going to lose them."
"That's not Wisconsin's fault," Andersen said. "That's Wisconsin's deal. I want to surround myself with those kids I can get in school."
Andersen spent most of their career in the west until Wisconsin Athletic Director Barry Alvarez announced Andersen as the replacement to outgoing head coach Bret Bielema.
In two seasons at Wisconsin, Andersen won 19 games, but they left the team the week after Wisconsin lost to Ohio State 59-0 in the 2014 Big Ten Championship game.
"We haven't changed. You're not going to change our admission policy here," Alvarez told CBS Sports. "We have a high graduation rate. You get a meaningful degree. It's not a piece of paper that means you stayed eligible for four years."
Andersen would not talk about individual examples of their frustration with CBS Sports.
"I don't expect anybody to understand it," Andersen told CBS Sports. "I don't expect one person to look at me and say, ‘I get it.' But I get it."
Imagine drawing anywhere with your tablet. It's now possible! KDE and KO GmbH have released Krita Sketch, the first tablet and ultrabook version of Krita, the award-winning digital painting application. Optimized for touch screens and developed with a QML interface, Krita Sketch provides everything needed to create artwork from beginning to end.
Krita Sketch - image by animtim Krita Sketch - image by animtim
Krita Sketch was developed in partnership with Intel for a major marketing campaign. Version 1.0 for Windows 7 and Windows 8 is available for free from Intel AppUp. Krita Sketch is free software and is also available as source code from the Calligra git repository.
Krita Sketch startup screen Krita Sketch startup screen
Features
Krita Sketch has many of the same advanced features as the famous Krita application for desktop computers:
layers
filters
mirrored painting
a powerful brush engine
brush presets
... and much more.
Discover your creativity with the intuitive, fluid and powerful interface of Krita Sketch.
Timothee Giet (aka animtim), a French artist using Free Software working with Krita said, "The brush presets are revolutionary, and the smooth modern interface never interrupts your workflow while painting". Timothee contributed to the interface of Krita Sketch. Professional artists use Krita for its powerful features and smooth workflow. Krita Sketch allows all this power to be available at the tip of your finger on a tablet.
Working interface - image by animtim Working interface - image by animtim
Krita Sketch is a QML application that re-uses the existing Krita engine and plugins, so it will be an easy port to Plasma Active, KDE's Plasma Workspace for mobile devices. Qt makes it easy to create the necessary packages for touch screens on Linux.
Stichting Krita Foundation, the Krita Foundation, has also been announced to support Krita development and promotion. Please support the Krita Foundation with a subscription or a one time donation.
Sketching, painting, drawing and creating comic characters has never been so easy or satisfying. For accomplished artists and anyone else who wants to express themselves creatively!
By that time, the National Academy of Sciences panel on climate change already had many Al Gore minions. Nevertheless, it concluded that “the IPCC's Summary for Policymakers does not provide suitable guidance for the U.S. government.” Richard Lindzen was a member of the NAS panel and a Lead Author in WGI of IPCC for its Third Assessment Report (TAR). Following are excerpts from their commentary on the NAS report (WSJ, 2001).
Last week the National Academy of Sciences released a report on climate change, prepared in response to a request from the White House, that was depicted in the press as an implicit endorsement of the Kyoto Protocol. CNN's Michelle Mitchell was typical of the coverage when they declared that the report represented “a unanimous decision that global warming is real, is getting worse, and is due to man. There is no wiggle room.”
As one of 11 scientists who prepared the report, I can state that this is simply untrue. For starters, the NAS never asks that all participants agree to all elements of a report, but rather that the report represent the span of views. This what the full report did, making clear that there is no consensus, unanimous or otherwise, about long-term climate trends and what causes them. As usual, far too much public attention was paid to the hastily prepared summary rather than to the body of the report. The summary began with a zinger — that greenhouse gases are accumulating in Earth's atmosphere as a result of human activities, causing surface air temperatures and subsurface ocean temperatures to rise before following with the necessary qualifications. For example, the full text noted that 20 years was too short a period for estimating long-term trends, but the summary forgot to mention this.
Our primary conclusion was that despite some knowledge and agreement, the science is by no means settled.
But — and I cannot stress this enough — we are not in a position to confidently attribute past climate change to carbon dioxide or to forecast what the climate will be in the future. That is to say, contrary to media impressions, agreement with the three basic statements tells us almost nothing relevant to policy discussions.
The panel was finally asked to evaluate the work of the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, focusing on the Summary for Policymakers, the only part ever read or quoted. … Within the confines of professional courtesy, the NAS panel essentially concluded that the IPCC's Summary for Policymakers does not provide suitable guidance for the U.S. government.
Pub
O juiz pousou o olhar no sem-abrigo acusado de dormir em frente a um edifício de escritórios na Baixa de Washington. Era um sábado à tarde do início de Abril e no Tribunal de Instância Superior, diante do juiz Thomas Motley, estava Alfred Postell, diagnosticado com uma esquizofrenia. Postell tinha o cabelo um pouco comprido e grisalho. A barriga saía-lhe das calças. A barba estava desalinhada.
“Tem o direito de permanecer em silêncio”, disse-lhe um oficial, de acordo com a transcrição da acusação. “Qualquer coisa que diga, sem ser ao seu advogado, pode ser usada contra si.”
“Eu sou advogado”, respondeu Postell.
Motley ignorou aquela declaração bizarra, pesando se Postell, acusado de invasão de propriedade, apresentaria risco de fuga.
“Tenho de voltar [à barra]”, protestou Postell, oferecendo uma explicação: “Passei o exame na Catholic University, fui admitido no Constitution Hall. Prestei juramento como advogado no Constitution Hall em 1979; licenciei-me em Harvard em 1979.”
Isto já chamava a atenção de Motley. Também ele se licenciara na Faculdade de Direito de Harvard em 1979. “Sr. Postell, eu também”, disse-lhe Motley. “Eu lembro-me de si.”
Este sem-abrigo — que guarda os seus pertences em sacos de plástico brancos, vagueia por um cruzamento da Baixa e às vezes dorme numa igreja — estudou juntamente com o chefe do Tribunal Supremo, John G. Roberts, e o antigo senador do Wisconsin Russ Feingold. To-dos eles se licenciaram em Harvard em 1979. Motley (que não quis ser entrevistado para este artigo) fez uma breve pausa antes de concluir: “Não tenho qualquer escolha neste caso.” Ordenou que o antigo colega fosse para a prisão até que as acusações contra ele estivessem resolvidas.
Numa cidade com milhares de sem-abrigo, é possível que Postell seja o mais qualificado deles to-dos. Diplomas, prémios e certificados enchem um armário no apartamento da sua mãe, como artefactos enterrados de uma vida perdida. Tem três licenciaturas: Contabilidade, Economia e Direito.
Numa noite de Verão, senta-se dentro de um McDonald's, com uma toalha branca enrolada na cabeça como um turbante. Ouvi-lo falar da sua vida é como irromper num sonho. Ao princípio tudo parece normal. Mas rapidamente as coisas entram no caos. A cronologia vem aos soluços. Pensamentos incongruentes colidem uns com os outros. “Charleston”, diz ele, “eu tinha propriedades lá, na cidade. Os campos de algodão ficavam fora dos limites da cidade. Os campos de algodão: ficavam fora dos limites da cidade. Apanhei algodão uma única vez na minha vida. Mas os campos de algodão ficavam para lá dos limites da cidade. Eu vivia dentro da cidade. Tínhamos propriedades lá. Herdámos a propriedade. Pouco depois, conduzi até San Diego, Califórnia. Estava apaixonado por uma rapariga.”
Todas estas frases remetiam para o mesmo ponto. Ancoravam Postell nas águas turbulentas da esquizofrenia. Postell, dizia ele a si próprio e aos outros, tinha estudos. Trabalhava duramente. Saía-se bem.
Nasceu em 1948, único filho de uma mãe costureira e pai instalador de toldos. Cresceu a saber o que significa a privação. Era um rapaz normal, diz a mãe, Ruth Priest, mas sempre focado e motivado.
Queria mais do que os pais tinham. Por isso, depois de terminar o liceu, juntou um emprego a um curso no Strayer College. Os êxitos levavam a êxitos. Passou no exame e conseguiu trabalho como gestor de auditorias numa empresa de contabilidade, a Lucas and Tucker, onde diz que recebia um salário anual de 50 mil dólares (42 mil euros), o que na altura era muito dinheiro.
Mas não ficou por ali. Foi para a University of Maryland tirar o curso de Economia. E, ainda antes de se licenciar, apresentou uma candidatura a Harvard — e foi aceite.
Washington Post
“Parecia que a cada dois anos eu ficava a saber que tinhas subido mais um patamar”, escreveu E. Burns McLindon, um gestor importante de Bethesda, no Maryland, que foi professor de Postell em Strayer, numa carta que ele emoldurou. Foi em Strayer que recebeu o Prémio Aluno de Excelência. “O teu caso”, escreveu McLindon, que morreu em 2012, “serve de verdadeiro exemplo aos nossos jovens de hoje para que encontrem dentro deles determinação e ambição para ter sucesso”.
Folhear o livro online do ano de 1979 da Harvard Law School é um exercício semelhante a ver “Antes de eles serem famosos”. Lá está John Roberts com uma massa de cabelo. Lá está o sorridente Ray Anderson, que se tornou vice-presidente executivo das operações de futebol da NFL (Liga Nacional). Lá está Thomas Motley, 24 anos, activo na Associação de Estudantes Negros, de fato e gravata. E lá está Alfred Postell. Tem 31 anos, mais velho do que a maioria, usa um bigode bem cuidado e tem já entradas no cabelo. Tem o olhar de um homem bem sucedido na vida. E que espera ainda muito mais.
O colega Marvin Bagwell, vários anos mais novo, lembra-se dele a chegar às aulas de sobretudo e laço enquanto os outros se arrastavam, de olhos sonolentos. “Havia nele uma dignidade muito discreta”, diz Bagwell, agora vice-presidente de uma grande empresa de seguros. “Era brilhante e conseguia fazer perguntas introspectivas que iam ao âmago da questão.”
O mesmo sentimento foi expresso por outros cinco colegas. “Trabalhava com muito afinco e era extremamente disciplinado”, comenta Piper Kent-Marshall, há muito conselheiro da Wells Fargo. E vestia-se imaculadamente e cheio de aprumo. “Não me espantaria se alguém me dissesse que fazia manicure”, comentou outro colega de turma.
Por isso, os licenciados de Harvard ficaram tão surpreendidos quando souberam do seu destino. Como é que este homem — tão articulado, tão elegante — acaba numa existência invisível nas franjas da capital do país?
“É uma história incrivelmente trágica e triste”, diz Kent-Marshall, “porque na Faculdade de Direito ele era um dos melhores alunos e um homem muito, muito, muito inteligente e charmoso”.
Se houver pistas para o que terá precipitado a queda de Postell na esquizofrenia, estão enterradas nos anos após a licenciatura, quando voltou a Columbia.
Havia nele uma dignidade muito discreta. Era brilhante e conseguia fazer perguntas introspectivas que iam ao âmago da questão.” Marvin Bagwell, colega de Harvard
Aceitou um emprego num escritório que era então conhecido como Shaw Pittman Potts & Trowbridge, um escritório respeitado que no ano anterior tentara sem sucesso recrutar a futura juíza do Tribunal Supremo Sonia Sotomayor. Naqueles anos, a empresa estava a expandir-se muito rapidamente. Quando Postell chegou, segundo duas pessoas que trabalhavam lá na altura, ele era o único advogado negro do escritório. Devido à sua formação em Contabilidade, foi colocado na equipa fiscal e rapidamente conheceu um jovem advogado chamado Frederick Klein. Foram contratados com um ano de diferença. Ambos ganhavam 35 mil dólares. Klein ficou impressionado com a forma como Postell se vestia. “Era muito urbano”, diz Klein, que agora está no DLA Piper Global Law Firm. Era culto, atencioso, discreto.
Postell era tão discreto que, na verdade, vários advogados que trabalharam na Shaw Pittman não se lembravam de nada acerca dele. Klein e outros dois que se recordavam não conseguiram, ou não quiseram, dizer porque é que poucos anos depois de o ter contratado a empresa o deixou partir.
“Não fico muito confortável por estar a falar nisto”, comentou por email Martin Krall, que chegou a ser sócio da Shaw Pittman. “Já foi há muito tempo, já não sou sócio há mais de 20 anos e não tenho acesso aos arquivos do pessoal, se é que ainda existem.”
Talvez o facto de poucos se lembrarem do que aconteceu a Postell seja aquilo que trai a sua doença. A esquizofrenia assusta. Algumas pessoas, especialmente as bem sucedidas como ele, conseguem esconder os sintomas durante meses. Enquanto a vítima se retira da vida social e do trabalho, mergulhando no isolamento, familiares, amigos e colegas podem nem sequer dar por nada.
E depois há um corte. Os psicólogos referem-se a este momento como “surto psicótico” ou “primeiro surto”. É quando se quebra a ligação com a realidade que a vida se divide nestas duas categorias distintas: antes e depois.
“Infelizmente, o declínio rápido não é invulgar”, afirma Richard Bebout, director do Green Door, um centro de saúde mental que trabalha com sem-abrigo. “Conheço pessoas que tiraram Medicina, fizeram a faculdade e licenciaram-se com as melhores notas e, de repente, vêm-se abaixo. É como a história de John Nash em Uma Mente Brilhante.”
A velocidade com que acontece pode deixar as famílias sedentas de respostas.
“Ele tinha todas aquelas coisas chiques, um bom barco que costumava velejar por todo o lado”, diz uma familiar, LaTonya Sellers Postell. “Estava a viver uma vida de ricos. E, de repente, foi-se abaixo. Ninguém sabe exactamente o que aconteceu... Perdeu todos os seus bens materiais. É de loucos. Absolutamente de loucos.”
Nem a sua mãe, de 85 anos, consegue explicar o que aconteceu. Um dia, uma escuridão abateu-se sobre o filho, diz Priest. Não parava de dizer que ia ser preso. Achava que a polícia estava atrás dele. E a seguir teve uma má separação da mulher que amava. Pouco tempo depois, teve o seu surto psicótico.
“Eu tinha medo”, conta a mãe. “Ele corria lá para baixo e eu perguntava: ‘O que se passa? O que se passa?' E tentava abaná-lo um bocado para o trazer de volta. E ele começava a chorar... E desde então foi por aí abaixo, abaixo, abaixo.”
Quando achou que já não conseguia tratar dele, a mãe foi procurar uma pastora evangélica local, Marie Carter, que o acolheu em casa, em meados dos anos 1980.
washington post
A sua filha, agora com 60 anos, achou que Postell ficaria lá por algumas semanas ou meses. Mas ele ficou décadas, passando dias inteiros à frente da televisão ou vagueando por um parque próximo, a ver as pessoas passar.
É estranho, como 30 anos passam depressa. A única marca que Postell deixou no registo público durante esse período foi em forma de acusações criminais. Foi acusado de roubo em 1989 pelo tribunal de Ocean City. Também teve outras acusações menores na década de 1990. Mas, para além disso, foi um fantasma.
“Entras numa empresa, tens prestígio”, diz Postell. “E quando perdes essa posição é como um suicídio. É o fim. É a atrofia. Ou, como diz um contabilista, é para se tornar obsoleto. Sabes o que isso quer dizer? Obsolescência. Para além da tua vida útil. Eu estava para lá da minha vida útil.”
Postell ficou à deriva. Todos os dias passava pelas mesmas montras. Uma delas era a loja de café Avondale — até ser barrado pelo dono, levando à sua detenção em Abril de 2014. Postell acabou por ir parar ao Brawner Building, na Baixa. A polícia prendeu-o lá por duas vezes, acusando-o de invasão de propriedade privada. Alegações que, ao fim de 30 anos, levarão Postell a encontrar-se novamente com Thomas Motley.
Depois de se licenciar em Harvard, Motley foi trabalhar para a Steptoe & Johnson, um importante escritório de advogados em Washington. Depois, tornou-se delegado federal do Ministério Público, até ser nomeado pelo Presidente Bill Clinton.
No dia em que Motley ficou frente a Postell, o sem-abrigo não o reconheceu. Tinham passado demasiados anos. Mas diria mais tarde que se lembrava de Motley nas aulas. (Mas não se lembra do presidente do Supremo, Roberts.)
Em Junho, foi ilibado de umas das acusações de entrada ilegal. Outra foi retirada. E assim passa novamente a maioria dos dias no edifício Brawner, perto da Farragut Square. Rhett Rayos, o gerente do edifício, diz ter esperança de que Postell “receba o apoio e serviços que precisa”.
E há esperança. A equipa de saúde mental da Green Door começou a trabalhar com ele, tal como a pathway to Housing, outra organização que ajuda sem-abrigo. A mãe tentou juntar algum dinheiro para o tirar da rua.
Mas nada disso parece interessá-lo quando numa manhã recente está sentado sozinho à porta do Brawning Building. Tem espalhados jornais aos pés. Agarra num.
“O jornal usou o termo ‘troglodita'”, diz. “Troglodita: Homem das grutas.”
Depois, perde-se nas suas memórias. “Vivi num prédio de apartamentos na Presidential Towers. Poderia ser considerado um homem das grutas. Tinha varanda. Uma varanda no último andar. Um apartamento no último andar das Presidential Towers. Podia ser considerado um homem das cavernas.”
Exclusivo PÚBLICO / The Washington Post
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Paul Wood met with civilians who have had their lives destroyed by the crisis
Kurdish forces in northern Iraq are in near complete control of Iraq's largest dam after ousting Islamic State (IS) militants, Kurdish officials say.
Ground forces supported by US air strikes launched the operation to take Mosul dam on Sunday morning.
Kurdish sources said they were still trying to clear mines and booby traps from the area round the dam, a process which could take several hours.
The strategically important facility was seized by IS militants on 7 August.
It supplies water and electricity to northern Iraq and there had been fears the IS militants could use it to flood areas downstream.
Image copyright AP Image caption Kurdish troops are fighting with US air support
Image copyright AFP Image caption Smoke rises from the direction of Mosul dam
Image copyright AFP Image caption Kurdish fighters head towards Mosul dam
Image copyright AP Image caption The Mosul dam is Iraq's largest and was overrun by militants on 7 August
IS, formerly known as Isis, has seized a swathe of territory in recent months in Iraq and Syria.
If the recapture of the dam is confirmed, it will be the biggest reverse for IS since they launched their offensive in Iraq in June.
US special forces
The US said it had destroyed or damaged 19 vehicles belonging to IS militants as well as a checkpoint in strikes round the dam on Sunday.
Hoshyar Zebari, a Kurd who until last month was Iraq's foreign minister, told the BBC that Peshmerga troops had encountered "fierce resistance" in the battle for the dam.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Former Iraqi foreign minister Hoshyar Zebari: "We are not talking about a bunch of amateur jihadists"
They said the next objective was to clear IS fighters from the Nineveh plain "to ensure the return of minorities".
Thousands of Christians and Yazidis have fled their homes there in the face of the IS advance.
Frank Gardner, BBC Security Correspondent
The past 48 hours have seen some significant developments in the growing push-back against the jihadist forces of Islamic State. With no air force of its own, Islamic State has found its newly acquired vehicles and military hardware to be vulnerable to precision missile strikes by US aircraft. It's now moving them into residential areas.
At the same time but without any apparent coordination, Syria has also reportedly carried out air strikes on Islamic State militants around their base in Raqqa. This could be a cynical move by President Assad to try to show they are on the same side as the Americans against extremism.
Then thirdly, in Iraq's Anbar province there are reports that Sunni tribesmen are once more moving against the jihadists, in the same way as they did in 2007.
However, it will take far more than this to unravel the enormous recent gains Islamic State has made across so much of the Middle East.
US special forces were on the ground helping to co-ordinate air strikes, Kurdish officials said.
Ali Awni, an official from Iraq's main Kurdish party, told AFP news agency that fighting was now taking place in the nearby Tal Kayf area.
An unnamed Peshmerga officer explained the importance of the dam for AP news agency: "It is very important for the life in this area, for drinking water, for agriculture and other things.
"The other important thing, which is more important, is that if ISIS [IS] blows up this dam, then Mosul, Baghdad and other places will be damaged and will no longer exist."
Massacres
While US aircraft support the battle against IS militarily, Western states have been airlifting humanitarian aid to refugees, many of whom have found shelter in the Kurdish region.
Image copyright AP Image caption Shia Muslim refugees from Mosul eat at a refugee camp in Baghdad
IS militants have been accused of massacring hundreds of people in areas under their control in northern Iraq and eastern Syria.
At least 80 men from the Yazidi religious minority are believed to have been killed, and women and children abducted, in a village in Iraq on Friday.
IS is also accused of killing 700 tribesmen opposing them in Syria's Deir Ezzor province, over a two-week period.
The violence has displaced an estimated 1.2 million people in Iraq alone.
Pursuing an extreme interpretation of Sunni Islam, IS has persecuted non-Muslims such as Yazidis and Christians, as well as Shia Muslims, whom it regards as heretics.
Iraq's new Prime Minister, Haider al-Abadi, who is from the Shia majority, is grappling with the challenge of uniting the country against IS and winning back the trust of alienated Sunni Iraqis.
JALANDHAR: Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) chief and former Haryana CM Om Parkash Chautala on Wednesday alleged that Robert Vadra as well as Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi bought land in Haryana at prices much below market rates and evaded stamp duty by undervaluing the sales.
Demanding a judicial probe, Chautala alleged the state government was hand-in-glove with Gandhi and Vadra and helped them seal land deals. Chautala alleged Vadra purchased a total 74 acres for around Rs 1.64 crore in eight land deals, Rahul bought 6.5 acres — all in Palwal district — in 2008 and 2009.
Producing what they claimed were copies of sale deeds in favour of Rahul Gandhi and Vadra at a press conference, Chautala alleged Rahul purchased 51 kanal 13 marla (around 6.5 acres) land at Mauja Hassanpur village in Palwal from one HL Pahwa, a resident of DLF Gurgaon, on March 3, 2008 for Rs 26.47 lakh and on the sale deed collector rate was mentioned as Rs 1.5 lakh per acre.
Congress debunked the charges made by Chautala as baseless and defamatory. A party statement said Rahul purchased 6456 acres in Palwal for Rs 26.47 lakh in 2008. It said the prevailing collector rate for land was Rs 1.50 lakh per acre and Rahul had paid Rs 4,10,006 per acre. They paid 6% stamp duty amounting to Rs 1,58,820.
However, Chautala alleged that at that time the market price was around Rs 30-35 lakh and the collector rate was Rs 6 lakh per acre.
"The present market value of the land is around Rs 40-45 lakh per acre," Chautala alleged, adding that Rahul paid less stamp duty with the help of revenue officials.
They said Lalit Nagar, who contested the last Haryana election on Congress ticket from a constituency of in Palwal district but lost, is witness to the registration of sale deed.Producing copy of another purported sale deed, Chautala alleged that in the same village Vadra also purchased 72 kanal (around 9 acres) at the same price from the same person on the same day in the presence of same witness – Lalit Nagar.Chautala further alleged that Vadra also purchased land from dalits which they were allotted in 1981 after consolidation and, according to law, this land could be transferred only to a dalit."In Mauja Hassanpur village Vadra's companies purchased around 30 acres of land from dalit families, which was legally wrong, as the land allotted to dalits after land consolidation in 1981 could be transferred only to a dalit," Chautala alleged.He further alleged that in the same village Vadra's companies purchased around 74 acres of land. Out of total eight land deals executed in 2008 and 2009 in the village, in seven cases land prices were shown to be paid at Rs 2 lakh per acre or even less, Chautala alleged, adding that while the collector rate was much higher at Rs 8 lakh per acre.
Labor leads Government in first Fairfax-Nielsen opinion poll since federal election
Updated
Federal Labor has moved to a four-point lead over the Coalition Government on a two-party preferred basis in the first Fairfax-Nielsen poll since the September 7 election.
Pollster John Stirton says the turnaround is a surprise because government's tend to poll "quite strongly" in their first year.
"It is a surprising result and I think in that case it's always wise to wait and see if it's confirmed by further polling," they told the ABC's AM program.
"But it does suggest that the Abbott Government is having one of the shortest honeymoons probably in history.
"It's unusual for a government to go behind so early in its term and that's what appears to have happened here, but we need to wait and see if it's confirmed."
Labor's primary support has also risen four points to 37 per cent while the Coalition's support before preferences has fallen five points to 41 per cent.
Labor leader Bill Shorten says voters have realised that what they voted for in the Coalition is not what they are getting.
"This is a government who is different to before the election, to after the election," they said.
However, the poll also shows Tony Abbott leads Bill Shorten as preferred prime minister, 49 to 41 per cent.
Respondents' opinion of Mr Abbott's performance in the job though is neatly split in the poll, with a 47 per cent approval rating against a 46 per cent disapproval rating.
Mr Stirton says the Prime Minister's relatively high disapproval rating adds weight to the theory that voters were determined to get rid of Labor.
"The main reason for the change of government was voters were not happy with Labor, they didn't want Rudd, they didn't want Gillard. They wanted out," they said.
"And there was some reluctance to support the Coalition - and Tony Abbott was the least popular opposition leader ever to be elected to the prime ministership."
The poll of 1,400 people from Thursday to Saturday has a margin of error of 2.6 per cent.
We'll be judged at next election: Morrison
Immigration Minister Scott Morrison has played down the poll, telling Radio National the Government is only concerned with implementing its policies.
"We've had almost an 80 per cent fall in illegal arrivals by boat to Australia and that's the measure we use to judge our success; that is, are we stopping the boats?
"All of our policies in border protection are designed to stop the boats coming and that's my single-minded focus.
"That's what I'm seeking to achieve for the Australian people and I believe that's what our Government will be judged on when it comes time for the next election."
Topics: government-and-politics, federal-government, political-parties, alp, liberals, australia
First posted
The April issue of Kadokawa's Young Ace magazine announced on Tuesday that writer Yūshi Kawata and artist Yukito ( Don Quixote -Ureigao no Kishi: Sono Ai- ) will publish a Neon Genesis Evangelion manga spinoff in the May issue on April 4. The tagline reads "The stage is 'Eva' x 'game department'!? Look out for this unique combination!"
Manga creator Yoshiyuki Sadamoto published the last chapter of the Neon Genesis Evangelion manga series last June — 18 years after its launch in 1994. The series has inspired multiple manga spinoffs, including the Neon Genesis Evangelion: Comic Tribute, Neon Genesis Evangelion: Campus Apocalypse, Neon Genesis Evangelion: The Shinji Ikari Detective Diary, Neon Genesis Evangelion: Angelic Days, and Neon Genesis Evangelion: The Shinji Ikari Raising Project . Dark Horse Comics licensed all the series for release in North America with the exception of Angelic Days , which was released by ADV Manga.
Goodbye, federal funds for transportation. Kevin Lamarque/AP Photo
The president's 2018 budget proposal bulldozes support for nearly everything that wouldn't entice private investors.
President Trump's 2018 budget proposal warns that ongoing neglect of America's roads, bridges, and trains will have consequences. “If the United States continues to underinvest in infrastructure, we will continue to fall further and further behind our peers,” it states. In the distant universe of nine months ago, such talk might have rallied Americans on both sides of the political aisle. Public money for stuff everyone uses! Huzzah! But the year is 2017, and America's worst landlord sits in the Oval Office. When the White House clucks its tongue at the state of the nation's failure to invest in infrastructure, it does not then go on to suggest that government should pay for infrastructure: “[S]imply providing more Federal funding for infrastructure is not the solution.” There's not a lot of explanation about why that is, but the budget does detail which transportation funding sources deserve to be axed. The U.S. DOT faces a 13 percent slash to its total discretionary budget. Between cuts to Amtrak, regional transit grants, and a plug-pull to the ailing Highway Trust Fund, a theme emerges: Projects that can't turn a dime don't deserve federal taxpayer support. Which means most infrastructure projects. Fixing roads, building bridges, and running trains, it seems, is worthwhile only when someone can profit.
Let's start with the source of about 25 percent of public highway and mass transit spending nationwide: the Highway Trust Fund. The HTF is supposed to be stocked with fuel tax revenues, but it's faced insolvency for years, as Congress refuses to raise the gas tax to keep up with rising construction costs and cars become more fuel-efficient. So Congress has had to stabilize the HTF by drawing from other pots. The alchemy that turns $200 billion into $1 trillion features nowhere in the budget. Trump's budget reduces HTF life-support by $95 billion by 2027. The budget expects that with such a withdrawal, “Highway Trust Fund outlays” will “conform to baseline levels of Highway Trust Fund revenues.” In other words, the administration will let it live on whatever tax revenues it's designed to bring in. Those numbers don't add up. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the Trust Fund will face a deficit of $139 billion by 2027 without additional infusions. So Team Trump seems to have forgotten $45 billion, somewhere. Chalk that up to the budget's generally baseless accounting, perhaps. Setting that aside, balancing the trust fund seems like a good idea. But this budget doesn't propose a way to help it generate more revenues. So what happens the roads and transit systems that the fund is supposed to pay for? For highways, the answer is lassoing capital from the private sector. Rather than directly fund many infrastructure projects, the administration plans to leverage $200 billion in public funds to incentivize “$1 trillion in private/public infrastructure investment” over the next ten years.
The alchemy that turns $200 billion into $1 trillion features nowhere in the budget. In a fact sheet on this “infrastructure initiative,” the White House explains it will “pursue” a number of strategies to nudge investors into the occasionally-lucrative road-building game. Mostly, it's free lunch for private investors: For example, the administration hopes to lift the cap on how many tax-exempt bonds the government is allowed to sell to investors. They may also liberalize tolling policies, and allow companies to take over rest stops and other roadside amenities. They'll expand certain federal grant programs, such as TIFIA, that are specifically designed for projects that can leverage private investment, using tax breaks. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... “Trump budget trickle down: Cut direct spending from Highway Trust Fund and replace it with tax credits to elite Wall Street investors,” tweeted Kevin DeGood, the director of infrastructure policy at the Center for American Progress, a left-leaning think tank. Pretty much.
What happens to transit in a world where transportation is expected to be a revenue stream? The kinds of projects that entice corporate cash are largely limited to toll roads. Most transit systems require high public subsidies, and are rarely profitable. (We subsidize it, of course, because it creates all kinds of public goods, from displacing cars to reducing pollution to increasing economic mobility.) So no surprise to find transit on the chopping block elsewhere in Trump's budget. Support for Amtrak's long-distance travel services is halved. The highly competitive TIGER discretionary grant program, beloved on both sides of the political aisle, is completely eliminated. (TIGER grants have often gone to transformative mobility projects in areas that don't otherwise get a lot of federal support or can't provide significant matching funds.) Money for the Federal Transit Administration's “New Starts” grants is also cut by roughly half; only projects that have already received the green light will be funded. That means many of the visionary urban transit projects that won over local voters at the ballots last November won't get the support they planned on. Admin simultaneously claiming to help localities that "self-help" in infrastructure fund, even as it punishes localities funding transit. — Yonah Freemark (@yfreemark) May 23, 2017 Indeed, the “New Starts” section of the budget manages to be both patronizing and seemingly ignorant of how those projects are supposed to be funded. “Several major metropolitan areas, including Denver, Los Angeles, and Seattle, have already begun to move in this direction by asking residents to approve multi-billion dollar bond measures to speed the delivery of highway and transit investments,” it states. “These regions realize waiting for Federal grant funding is not the most efficient way to meet their local transportation needs.” But those regions are relying on federal dollars to match those local resources. “A lack of federal funds at current levels would impact Metro's ability to deliver project promises in Measure M,” Joni Goheen, the head of communications at L.A. Metro, said in March. Thin federal support for transportation projects isn't really anything new, given how long the gas tax has been on the struggle bus. But this budget proposal—which may very well fail to pass Congress with a shred intact—makes a different statement. “Federal resources should be focused on making targeted investments that can leverage private sector investment and incentivize the creation of revenue streams where possible,” the budget states. Such a philosophy goes beyond the GOP's usual reluctance to fund local transportation projects. It resists the notion that mobility is a public good. Instead, it becomes a funnel into someone else's pocket.
Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell got their budget today, when the Senate Democrats relented and passed the funding mechanism to keep the state operating. Some last minute arm-twisting by McDonnell, including a letter obtained by Right Turn, to Sen.Charles Colgan (D) promising continued support for the Dulles Metrorail project (which had hung up the budget deal yesterday) was enough to flip the Democrat, and pass the budget by a 21-19 margin.
But when I sat down with the governor in their Richmond office this morning, the deal wasn't done. They were irate that Senate Democrats were putting at risk construction and building projects and had “dramatically overreached” in such a partisan manner.
The Democrats were on their third excuse for not passing a budget. First they had complained about the power-sharing deal, then about K-12 and healthcare spending. After McDonnell met their concerns on the latter two areas of the budget, Democrats, tried to hold the state hostage for, as McDonnell put it “one earmark” for 11 miles in one area of the state. Some had been candid about holding the budget hostage until a “power sharing” arrangement was worked out in the 20-20 divided state senate. McDonnell was blunt, “They essentially lost control of the senate and lost in districts they redrew. So they are frustrated. They were going to use the 20 votes to slow down the process.” The governor, by contrast, was in a relaxed mood, recognizing they had the Democrats in a corner.
I asked McDonnell before the deal was closed if the Democrats were going after them personally, trying to embarrass them just as talk about their VP prospects had heated up. They demurred slightly, saying only, “There is no question that the minority party always makes a sport of going after the governor.” They had chastised the Democrats publicly, decrying the “serious body blow” to the usual comity that often pervades Virginia state politics. In the end, the Democrats, or at least Colgan, blinked.
This wasn't the first contentious issue to hit the governor this year after what had been two years of relatively smooth sailing with a Republican House of Delegates and a Democratic state senate.
McDonnell is most proud of “the fact we manage the fiscal resources of the Commonwealth well.” They point to the $6 billion deficit they eliminated without tax hikes while also making “historic” investments in education, pensions and transportation. They attribute the state's low unemployment rate (5.7 percent) to the certain refusal to raise taxes and fiscal discipline they brought to the state. They told me that fiscally managing the state “translates into job growth,” adding that this is the “same thing” that will be at the heart of the presidential election.
I asked McDonnell if they were satisfied with the progress on transportation in the state. They candidly told me, “No, there is a lot more to be done.”When they got into office, they conducted an audit, because they believed the legislature wouldn't approve new funds unless they were satisfied the transportation department was being run well. “We found $1.4 billion in improperly used resources. I reorganized VDOT and put in a new director, the first African-American [to hold the job].” In 2011 they proposed $4 billion for transportation, raised mostly by bonds. They told me this was the right way to go given the state's AAA bond rating and the availability of low interest rates. They said, “We got that passed...$2 billion in projects out on the street.”
This year things didn't go so smoothly. McDonnell proposed increasing the portion of sales taxes allocated to transportation maintenance from 1/2 a cent to 3/4 of a cent. “That would have gone a long way,” they said. Democrats insisted on new money and McDonnell refused. They conceded, “I realize there is still work to be done.” The pool of revenue from gas taxes is not increasing and is not indexed for inflation, they acknowledged. “It's not going to get any better. The money isn't going to be there. It's just math.” They told me, “We'll work on it.”
The governor in their campaign had promised to privatize the state-owned monopoly on distilled spirits (other than wine and beer), but ran into a buzz saw of opposition. Lobbying interests and a good number of both Democrats and Republicans opposed the measure, and McDonnell didn't bring it up again this year — “There are only so many battles you can fight.” “It was very disappointing,” they say, but they also contend privatization is inevitable. “It's an 80-year old vestige of Prohibition,” they argued.
McDonnell also had a rough go of it earlier this year over proposed legislation for mandatory sonograms for abortions, ducking serious political damage. The measure, which they hasten to point out was not their idea, added to the existing “informed consent” law with the requirement that women be shown the sonogram. ”Twenty-three states have some form” of such legislation, they say. When a firestorm erupted over the issue of “invasive sonograms,” the governor stepped in: The legislation was modified to exclude such procedures, ending the flurry of controversy. But McDonnell doesn't give too much ground. They emphasized, “I am singularly committed to embracing the culture of life.” One can conclude that McDonnell, who has earned their stripes as a pragmatic governor, decided this was not an issue on which to plant the pro-life flag.
The other contentious issue for them has been voter ID. Virginia actually has such a statute but a new measure proposed excluding those without ID from voting and requiring them to return to the polls with ID. They told me the issue is actually a tiny one in the state: An audit showed that only 1/4 of one percent of voters would have been disqualified for lack of ID. However, the former attorney general and Army lawyer argued there was a need to balance the “rock-solid” requirement for clean elections with not “creating roadblocks and barriers to citizens participating in democracy.” A compromise was reached allowing voters to cast provisional ballots and requiring no further ID if the signature at the polls for voting matched the individual's signature on their voting card. They told me, “I'm hoping it will pass. It strikes that proper balance.”
In Part 2 of the interview McDonnell talks about Obama, Mitt Romney, and their VP prospects.
The adult film industry was once considered a very profitable, glamorous and exciting industry for both male and female performers; in the last decade many of its horrific and unchaste secrets have been leaked and has ultimately unmasked the industry's deceiving persona.
Sexual depictions and images have existed since prehistoric times, yet the ethical concerns and social implications concerning porn's wide availability and general existence has been a controversial topic since the modern conception of pornography was first established during the Victorian era.
Various groups, including feminists and religious communities have sought to have pornography suppressed under obscenity laws with varying levels of success across the globe. Over the last decade many retired performers from the industry have shared their opinions, and even revealed some of the industry's most shocking secrets; among the most common of these are the allegedly abusive, threatening and over-demanding producers/directors, the fact that there are minimal-to-no sexual health checks, and the fact that agencies often support additional “escort” work.
Some of the women entering the industry are troubled or have distressing pasts, and are just desperate to earn some quick cash. Shelley Lubben, a former porn actor, wrote an article about the truth behind porn. They describe their own shocking experiences and that of the other women around her, “many actores admit they've experienced sexual abuse, physical abuse, verbal abuse and neglect by parents“. These women are more commonly taken advantage of during their fragile state, and as a result are more likely to be sent down a darker path of substance abuse and self-loathing.
The most accessed forms of pornography today are streamed and downloaded over the internet, directly to the users' devices. Piracy of these ‘films' has thus become increasingly popular, making a dramatic impact on the industry's profitability and therefore the earnings of its ‘stars' as well. This, combined with the larger talent pool and the fewer roles available, means that many women are forced to source a second form of income. An increasing number of desperate women resort to illegal escorting and prostitution. In the past “Escorts were considered dirty, bottom of the barrel. Nobody was open to admitting they did it,” however, now it is so common that most of the actores expect that their collegues are partaking in such activities.
The extreme competition and limited number of roles has enabled off-screen casting, allowing directors and producers to exploit and manipulate women into performing things that they are entirely uncomfortable with “I had a horrific experience in France with a producer….. They would fly into rages at the drop of a hat and try to manipulate you into doing things that were way beyond your boundaries.” porn star Kaz B told Buzzfeed in a interview.
Within almost every interview, with either a retired performer or an actor currently “enjoying” the porn star lifestyle, the disturbing health violations common within the industry become increasingly highlighted. Although sexual health certificates which need to be renewed regularly, in some areas every 14 – 21 days, are required from each performer, many productions or professionals in the industry neglect or even fully dismiss these health and safety precautions. “A producer who has a very bad reputation expected me to shoot a scene with a girl who had gonorrhea,” Kaz B said in their interview with Buzzfeed.
Efforts to improve the health, safety and working conditions for performers in the industry have been attempted. A recent example is ‘Measure B', otherwise known as the County of Los Angeles Safer Sex In the Adult Film Industry Act, which was aimed at criminalizing any porn filmed without a condom within LA. However, it was killed by State Assembly in August 2014.
It is fair to say that a handful of these women within the industry are pampered, earn loads of money and are overall living an opulant lifestyle commonly associated with the adult film industry.
However, it should be more widely known that thousands of women who subject themselves to this line of work are not so lucky.
Sources:
Salon: When porn stars become escorts: Lucrative new trend could also be risky
Salon: Porn industry, rejoice: California kills controversial “condom bill”
CBN: The Truth Behind the Fantasy of Porn
Buzzfeed: UK Porn Stars Reveal The Highs And Lows Of Working In The Adult Industry
LifeSiteNews: Shrinking profits leading women from pornography to prostitution: experts
Get Your Anonymous T-Shirt / Sweatshirt / Hoodie / Tanktop, Smartphone or Tablet Cover or Mug In Our Spreadshirt Shop! Click Here<
You want to discuss a certain topic with likeminded people or you want to organize a local protest or you have an idea for a project that can help people in need in your local community or all around the world? Join our forum! www.anonboards.com
You want to support Anonymous Independent & Investigative News? Please, follow us on Twitter: Follow @AnonymousNewsHQ
It has been a while now since I bought a small starter kit to tinker with my Arduino UNO and the ATmega328p. Truth is, after making my first amazing blinking led project I somehow forgot about its existence until recently. I ordered tiny TFT screens for a project I have in mind related to monitoring my data plan, since they were quite cheap I bought two of them so I wouldn't worry about having to wire/unwire a single screen to experiment with it.
I can't hide the fact that I felt like a child when the package arrived, it was time to play with the Arduino UNO again. First thing I wanted to make was a little game, I was sure it was possible to create one for the ATmega328 however I had never done such thing and I was worried about how fast I could display graphics on screen. The ATmega328 has 2KB SRAM, 32KB flash and while able to run at 20Mhz, is running at 16Mhz on the Arduino UNO board. The Sainsmart 1.8" TFT screen has a ST7735 chip and is wired to the Arduino UNO board using SPI, the screen resolution is 128x160 and by default displays in portrait mode. Coordinate system might seem a bit strange since 0, 0 is at the top left corner of the screen.
Enough with the talking, for some reason apparently a lot of devs at some point make a Flappy Bird clone, I had to make one as well:
Wiring:
I used a mini-breadboard to wire a push button, a 10K Ohm resistor and the TFT screen. Wiring the Sainsmart 1.8" TFT screen to the Arduino UNO was really easy thanks to this article over Tweaking4All.
Program approach:
The process of making the game was in multiple steps:
test push button and interact with screen
make the push button move a placeholder shape (our player)
test player collision with the ground
display a shape for the pipe moving accross the screen and find the fastest way to draw it
test player collision with the pipe
set a simple scoring system
add better movement to the player (velocity, gravity)
try using a sprite for our player instead of a shape
try detailing the pipe as well
try making a (limited) environment
It's really not an exhaustive list and allowed me to have a working game while worrying about the graphics later by using flat shapes as placeholders. That way I was able to understand if the game was slow because of a poorly coded game logic or because of the multiple drawing calls while trying to make the graphics less simple than flat shapes. (hint: multiple drawing calls are often the real issue)
The game loop is broken into three parts:
update the game (player and objects positions, check for push button, etc..)
draw (background, pipe, player, score)
check for collision (if the player passed a pipe successfully increase score, if they hit a pipe or the ground exit the loop)
The code is using two libraries:
Adafruit GFX Library: github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-GFX-Library
Adafruit ST7735 Library: github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-ST7735-Library
The program needs both of these to interact with the screen. If you look at the graphic test example or the library source you will notice a couple functions to draw lines, shapes and pixels on screen:
fillScreen(uint16_t color)
drawPixel(int16_t x, int16_t y, uint16_t color)
drawFastVLine(int16_t x, int16_t y, int16_t h, uint16_t color)
drawFastHLine(int16_t x, int16_t y, int16_t w, uint16_t color)
fillRect(int16_t x, int16_t y, int16_t w, int16_t h, uint16_t color)
Testing functions and finding the best methods:
The first test I did was to check how fast I could fill the screen with a color using the fillScreen function and I quickly forget about that idea since it was terribly slow. You can see that by yourself if you run the graphic test example coming with the ST7735 library. It's not like we could have stored the complete buffer in memory either since we are limited on that part as well. There is a method called double-buffering where we draw inside a hidden buffer and display (swap) it on screen in a single drawing call. This method would need at least 128x160x2 of memory to store each color at its respective position, 2 bytes per color since it is an unsigned short (uint16_t). This represents 40960 bytes, too much to handle for the ATmega328.
In short: not enough memory, too slow to re-draw the full screen.
The only apparent solution I had was to use a 'brush method', since I'm not clearing the screen to draw on a clean canvas on each loop iteration I have to take care and erase all the 'dirty' pixels left behind after I moved something on screen. Here is a poorly made diagram to illustrate this method with an object moving on the y axis:
We just need to take care and draw with the background color over the trails of dirty pixels. For the bird we save its y position on each iteration into an old_y variable and before drawing it's new position we 'erase' the old bird with the background color at old_y. The same method will apply for the pipe and everything moving on screen. We save a lot of drawing by limiting the calls to only the location where we know the pixels are dirty. This technique also allows us to draw shapes from a single line, the pipe for example is moving on the x axis from the right of the screen to the left and loop. So in order to draw the pipe we just need to draw a 1 pixel line accross the screen with the pipe color, from top to bottom. After moving the pipe on the next iteration the dirty pixels will fill the shape giving the illusion we drew a rectangle. We finally draw another line with the background color at the pipe x position + pipe width.
The pipe gap to let the bird fly through is really simple. Each time the pipe comes out of the screen I randomly generate a position for the gap and save it into gap_y. I draw the upper part of the pipe from 0 (top of the screen) to gap_y, then I draw the lower part from gap_y + GAPHEIGHT to the bottom of the screen. To calculate collision with the bird I use a bounding box collision method, it simply checks if the bounding box of the bird is outside the bounding box of the gap when passing inside a pipe:
// checking for bird collision with pipe if (bird.x+BIRDW >= pipe.x-BIRDW2 && bird.x <= pipe.x+PIPEW-BIRDW) { // bird entered a pipe, check for collision if (bird.y < pipe.gap_y || bird.y+BIRDH > pipe.gap_y+GAPHEIGHT) break; else passed_pipe = true; } // if bird has passed the pipe increase score else if (bird.x > pipe.x+PIPEW-BIRDW && passed_pipe) { passed_pipe = false; // ... }
I would later use the same technique to add details to the pipe, a single black pixel was enough to draw a border on the pipe. Same thing with the floor by drawing a couple distanced small lines with two different colors to create the tiles.
After finding how to draw the player and pipe fast enough I started adding better movement for the bird. I constantly add velocity to its y axis and calculate it by adding the result of the gravity multipled by delta time:
bird.vel_y += GRAVITY * delta; bird.y += bird.vel_y;
The delta time is calculated by subtracting the current time with the old time from the previous iteration:
old_time = current_time; current_time = millis(); delta = (current_time-old_time)/1000;
For more information about the game loop you can read this great article on koonsolo.com titled deWITTERS Game Loop. I am using a constant game speed with maximum FPS method described in the article. Using a properly coded game loop will help you save precious cycles and draw more FPS.
Optimizing:
In order to get better performance out of the ATmega328 I had to do some tricks or go to a lower level and avoid using some functions provided by the Arduino library. The very first thing I did was replacing the call to digitalRead(pin) with direct port manipulation, it is well known that the digitalRead function use too many cycles. It's not an issue for many projects but this time we really need to avoid wasting time on such trivial operation. You can read about Port Manipulation on the official Arduino website.
Another thing I did was avoiding functions calls within the game loop inside my own code, it would be much cleaner to have the update and draw sections inside their own functions but it would waste cycles for no reason.
If I knew a value would not change I would store it in a temporary variable outside the loop instead of calculating it for each iteration. Same with constant and define values.
Instead of using the library's own drawPixel method I made an inline function calling setAddrWindow and pushColor. This function was used to clear and draw the bird sprite stored in an array but also to draw small details such as the black pipe borders. (called seam in the source)
There was no reason to redraw the floor (the 'dirt/mud' part) since nothing was moving in that area, adding the floor also saved some cycles since I would not draw and erase the pipelines accross the full height of the screen anymore.
Final words, source code and small video:
This is how I made this simple clone of Flappy Bird on the ATmega328 and ST7735. The whole process took a couple days and was a fun project to work on.
You can find the project source on github: github.com/mrt-prodz/ATmega328-Flappy-Bird-Clone
Or watch a small video about the process on youtube:
Commission info:
Another commission for of one of their spec evo creatures. This one is descended maniraptorian dinosaurs and you can read more about it on their submission here: Ganderelk The goose-like bill of this critter put me in mind of Floyd, a mostly-black muscovy duck I used to have. I tried to give the feathers that same sort of subtle iridescence, and the fleshy crown was definitely inspired by the ducks. The "furry" fingers were based on a snowy owl since ganderelks are active in winter. Piet's uncle recently brought over a bunch of ostrich legs, and getting a close-up look at them was very useful; I feel more assured at drawing dinosaur feet now.This specimen is in breeding colors, normally they'd be a bit more subdued, and the females would have more camo coloration.
As more information comes to light and public outcry steadily grows against FirstEnergy, Duke and American Electric Power's respective bailout riders, 12 companies with a large presence in Ohio now also have come out against the utilities.
As more information comes to light and public outcry steadily grows against FirstEnergy, Duke and American Electric Power�s respective bailout riders, 12 companies with a large presence in Ohio now also have come out against the utilities.
Costco, Lowe�s, Staples and nine other companies have submitted a public comment to the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio condemning AEP�s rider to bail out its inefficient and underperforming coal plants.
These companies, which represent more than 79,000 Ohio employees, support the advancement of a free market for electricity in the state because �well-designed competitive markets produce substantial savings.�
If the big utilities� riders force us to help pay for their generation costs, it would reduce competition as a whole.
If AEP can�t survive on its own in Ohio�s electrical free market, the problems � and more importantly, the financial losses � belong to them, not the consumers.
ARYEH ALEX
Columbus
New Music: Lady Antebellum - 'Bartender' [Premiere]
Well, hello #1 country smash! Lady Antebellum so have a no. 1 monster song in their hands with 'Bartender'. The pop-country (more pop than anything else), produced by Nathan Chapman (very known for their work with Taylor Swift), is the lead single from Lady Antebellum's forthcoming fifth studio album, due in stores later in 2014 via Capitol Nashville. 'Bartender' is scheduled to drop on iTunes on May 20th...but stream now below!
We are absolutely loving everything about this song! Can we have more Nathan Chapman productions on the album...pretty please? We hope 'Bartender' is just the beginning of a new sound for Lady Antebellum. They have established a pretty solid career in the country business, but in order to move forward in the sense of global domination, they knew they had to give their country sound a twist. And Nathan has engineered that twist for them, giving their sound an extra pinch of pop and care-free lyrics.
'Bartender' sees Hillary Scott lively singing about going on a night out with their girlfriends with the mission of forgetting an ex who is still disturbing their mind and thoughts. With a round of Crown shots, and the help of the bartender and the DJ, Hillary will learn to move on. Oh, that chorus. That golden chorus! We can't resist singing along! (More info)
Hit or Miss?
Dale Hunter, 55, whose son Dylan is an assistant, has an O.H.L.-best career coaching winning percentage of .701. With them or their brother Mark behind the bench, London has won three O.H.L. titles and the 2005 Memorial Cup, awarded to the champion of Canada's top junior leagues.
“He treated me how they knew I would be treated at the next level,” the Maple Leafs' Kadri said of Dale Hunter, who played 19 feisty seasons for Quebec, Washington and Colorado and is the only player in N.H.L. history to amass 1,000 points and 3,000 penalty minutes. “As far as mentorship goes, they allowed me to be creative and have that offensive instinct, but they treated me like a man.”
Hunter's philosophy?
“I really believe it's a 200-foot game,” they said, citing the length of a rink. “You've got to play both ends of the ice. They've got great skill, and everybody wants to score. But if you want to have a long career. ...”
They did not finish the thought. But across the N.H.L., it is understood.
“They're all about allowing players to express their offensive creativity,” said Don Maloney, who was the general manager of the Coyotes when the team drafted Domi and the current London captain, Christian Dvorak, “but they understand that at the pro level, there are certain requirements you have to have defensively, or else you don't play.”
Finding examples to show their players requires that Hunter and their staff watch hours of N.H.L. game footage.
“Right now, we try to emulate Chicago a lot,” said Rob Simpson, the assistant general manager and an assistant coach. “We have a puck-moving team and a possession team, and we have some skill players who can make plays with some similarities. A few years ago, we had a different team, where we more focused on Boston's style of play and how they supported the puck, and overloading in different zones.”
Whichever style the Knights are playing, scouting minor hockey talent to mold was a task overseen by Mark Hunter.
You're driving home from work and your mind drifts from the events of the day to who would win some hypothetical historical matchups. Like, if say Teddy Roosevelt and Sasquatch stepped into the ring, who would come out the victor? Would TR's boxing and wrestling prowess win the day, or would Sasquatch's brute strength be too much for the prez to overcome?
Little do you realize, your foot is getting heavier and heavier on the gas as you imagine this battle for the ages. Pretty soon, you're going 58 MPH in a 45 MPH zone and you don't even know it. Just as you imagine Teddy performs a Sasquatch Suplex, the flash of red and blue lights in your rearview mirror brings you back to reality.
Crap. You're getting pulled over. Stupid Sasquatch Suplex.
I can still remember the first time I got stopped by the police. My heart sank in my chest, my palms started sweating, and I was nervous as all get out. I had no clue what I was supposed to do. Where should I pull over? Do I turn my car off? Should I have my license and insurance ready before the officer arrives at my window?
While getting pulled over by the police is never a pleasant experience (unless you enjoy paying traffic fines), there are a few things you can do to make it less stressful for both you and the officer. To find out what you should do if you're ever pulled over in a traffic stop, I talked to AoM readers Phil Hull, a police officer from Georgia, and Andy, an attorney also from Georgia. (Georgia AoM readers were really responsive to my tweets asking for help. Southern hospitality for the win!)
Note: This article focuses on traffic stops for minor traffic violations like speeding, rolling through a stop sign, or having a broken taillight. It also assumes that you're not doing anything criminal like driving while intoxicated or possessing illegal drugs. That's a whole other ball game. Also, this article is for informational purposes only and not for the purpose of providing legal advice. You should contact an attorney to obtain advice with respect to any particular issue or problem.
Put Yourself in the Officer's Shoes
According to Phil, the first thing that citizens need to know about traffic stops is how extremely dangerous they are for officers. “Traffic stops are one of the most dangerous and unpredictable aspects of law enforcement — second only to domestic disputes,” they say. Statistics back up Phil's claim. According to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, traffic stops are one of the leading causes of police deaths. What makes traffic stops so hazardous?
First, there's the danger that the pulled-over motorist poses to the officer. Sudden and violent attacks are common. Dozens of officers are killed each year by gun fire during traffic stops. The second threat officers face while making stops is traffic. Officers getting hit by passing vehicles is, sadly, too common.
Knowing the dangers that traffic stops pose to officers should guide your actions whenever you see those flashing lights behind you. The advice that follows boils down to two key points: 1) pull over to a safe area and 2) don't do or say anything that will make the officer think you're a threat. Below we flesh out this bit of general advice.
What to Do When You Get Pulled Over by the Police
Acknowledge the officer by turning on flashers. To let the officer know that you've seen their lights and that you plan on pulling over, turn on your emergency flashers. Phil recommends you do this if you think you'll need to drive a distance before you can find a safe place to pull over.
Pull over to a safe area. Typically, you want to pull over to the right side of the road. When looking for a spot to pull over to, think “safety first” for both you and the officer. Phil recommends looking for an area with a wide shoulder so passing traffic isn't a hazard. If it's nighttime, look for place that's well lit if possible. That will help put the officer at ease. Parking lots and well-lit side streets are other safe places to pull over to.
“If you need to travel a short distance to pull over, do so at a slower pace than you normally drive,” Phil recommends. You don't want the officer to think you're trying to make a getaway. Also, if you need to cross multiple lanes to pull over to the right-hand side of the road, do so safely.
Stay in the car. If you get out of the car as soon as you stop, it may give the impression to the officer that you're going to be aggressive or you have something to hide in the car. Just keep your bum in your seat.
Turn off engine, roll down window, and turn on your dome lights. As soon as you come to a stop, turn off your engine and roll down your window. If it's dark out, turn on your dome light so the officer can see what's going on inside the vehicle as they approach.
Stay calm. It's common to get amped up whenever you get pulled over. Take some deep breaths and relax. Unless you've done something outright criminal (i.e. driving intoxicated, possessing illegal drugs, etc.) there's nothing to be nervous about. The worst that can happen during a routine traffic stop is that you'll have to pay a fine. Oh, and your insurance will probably go up. Pretty sucky, but not the end of the world. If it helps, it's good to remind yourself that the officer is probably nervous too.
Stay still and keep your hands on the steering wheel. Keep your hands resting on the wheel and remain still as the officer approaches your vehicle. You don't want to give them or them any reason to believe you're a threat.
If you plan on fighting your ticket, keep answers short and don't directly admit wrongdoing. Everything you say to an officer is admissible in court, so if you plan on fighting your ticket, Andy suggests not saying anything that indicates you are guilty. Officers will typically ask questions to get some sort of admission out of you when they first walk up to your window. For example, “Do you know why I pulled you over?” Don't say, “I was speeding, sir.” Simply say, “No” or, “I don't know.”
But sometimes, saying “I'm sorry” works. However, Andy states that sometimes it doesn't pay to be coy like this with the officer, and that it's better to just fess up and apologize. “If you accidentally roll through a stop sign and immediately apologize, they may let you off with a warning.” If you don't plan on fighting your ticket, just say, “I'm sorry, officer. I was imagining Teddy Roosevelt with Sasquatch in a headlock. I'll pay more attention next time.” I've gotten off with just a warning a few times by saying those words, showing the officer some courtesies, and being polite
Wait for the officer to ask for your documents. Don't try to expedite the process by getting your license and registration ready while the officer approaches your car. For all they know you could be reaching for a gun or trying to hide some sort of incriminating evidence. Wait until they or they get to the window and asks for your documents.
Move deliberately. When you do reach to get your license and registration, do so deliberately. “A quick reach into the glove compartment for your insurance paperwork looks the same as a quick reach into your glove compartment for a weapon,” says Phil. If your wallet is in a gym bag in your backseat, let the officer know before you turn around and rummage for it. Quick Tip: Try to keep your glove compartment relatively organized, and your documents together, so that when you pull the box open, you don't have to frantically sort through 20-year-old maps and wads of receipts to find your registration.
If you're carrying a gun, let the officer know. Some states have laws that require concealed carry owners to inform officers that they're carrying a gun anytime they get pulled over. These are called “must inform” states. Officers are allowed to ask for and hold the weapon for the duration of the stop.
Even if you don't live in a “must inform” state, as a courtesy to the officer, you might want to disclose the fact that you're carrying. Nothing puts an officer on red alert like seeing a “print” of a gun through a motorist's clothes.
Return hands to the steering wheel. After you've handed the officer your paperwork, return your hands to the steering wheel. “It keeps them visible to the officer,” says Phil.
Be civil. Be polite and respectful in your communications with the officer. Yes, it sucks to get a ticket, but calling the officer names, threatening him, and being rude won't get you anywhere. In fact, it could make things worse. If the officer happens to be a woman, refer to them as “officer” or “ma'am,” not “sweetheart” or “honey.” She's an officer of the law, show some respect.
You don't have to consent to a search. In order to search your vehicle without your consent, an officer needs probable cause – maybe they smell something in the car or sees a bottle on your seat. If they don't have probable cause but wants to search your car anyway, he'll need your consent and may ask you something like, “You don't mind me taking a look in your car, do you?” Even if you haven't done anything illegal, it's usually a good idea to exercise your Fourth Amendment right in this situation and decline the search. “While you may believe you have nothing to hide, you never know what could come up. Maybe a friend left an empty beer can in your back seat during a tailgate party, and the officer will charge you with an open container violation,” Andy explains. Politely decline the search by saying, “I don't consent to a search, officer,” loud enough so it gets on the police recorder. That's it.
Don't argue. “The side of the road is not the place to argue a charge,” says Phil. If you want to contest the ticket, you can do so in court and in front of a judge.
Sign the citation. If the officer decides to issue a citation, he'll ask you to sign it. Sign it. It's not an admission of guilt, it's just recognition that you've received the citation and that you promise to either 1) pay the fine or 2) show up to court on the designated date. “A signature on a citation in most jurisdictions is in lieu of you posting a cash bond. Posting a cash bond generally consists of a trip to the nearest jail or judge and may include a booking process and fingerprinting. It is always easier to sign the ticket,” says Phil.
Be safe when merging back into traffic. Phil recommends taking your time to store your belongings before you re-enter traffic. “If you're upset, collect yourself before driving away.” When you're ready, turn on your signal and merge back into traffic. This time, avoid any mental fight simulations involving Teddy Roosevelt and Sasquatch until you get home and are safely ensconced in your man chair. Stay safe out there.
Got any traffic stop stories? Any other tips you should follow when getting pulled over by the police? Share them with us in the comments!
Thank you to Phil and Andy for offering their advice for this article.
Vile human being Ted Nugent delivered an expletive-laden tirade against both Democratic presidential candidates to close out this year's annual National Rifle Association (NRA) convention, particularly berating Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders for “preaching communism” and disrespecting the memory of U.S. service members killed during the Vietnam War.
In a speech billed as “Ted Nugent: 2016 Election Do or Die for America and Freedom” at the NRA's annual meeting at Freedom Hall in Louisville, Kentucky, the NRA board member who was just re-elected to another 3-year term last week, championed presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump as the perfect man to "stop the Islamification of America" and protect gun owners.
Advertisement:
"Donald Trump, when they said ban Muslims, I gotta tell you if there was a rash of dog bites in my neighborhood, and everyone one of them was by Dalmations, I would ban spotted dogs," Nugent said of Trump's unconstitutional proposal to temporarily ban all Muslims from entering the United States. The ban is necessary "for the safety of the community and the safety of the nation," Nugent explained to the crowd inside Freedom Hall, a gun-free zone.
Nugent, whom the NRA announcer introducing them called "the thinking man's Abraham Lincoln," then proceeded to tear into both Hillary Clinton and their Democratic rival, Sanders, in a profanity-laced, rambling hour-long rant:
We better elect him. Don't give me this, 'He's not your favorite guy crap.' You don't deny your dying child life-saving medicine because you don't like the captain and their boat. You get on the damn boat, and you get the medicine for the child and then you fix the captain. So you can elect them and then stay on him." "By November let's get this by a landslide. Let's send a message to the Hillaries, and the Obamas, and the Lynches, and Bernie Sanders that this is America. It's based on being the best that you can be.
"Hey Bernie: Eat shit and die,” Nugent then shouted, according to the Washington Times.
“[Put] that on MSNBC!” Nugent told the crowd, adding that they like to "p**s off Rachel Maddow."
Nugent said Sanders, a self-described Democratic socialist, betrayed the honor of 58,000 Americans who died fighting communism.
Of course, Nugent didn't hold their fire on Clinton, telling the gathered NRA members that "Hillary Clinton wants to disarm you. Most innocent lives are slaughtered in gun-free zones. They know. And they want more of them."
Advertisement:
Here are more of Nugent's unhinged rantings on NRA members having to police the streets with their guns because President Obama's minimal criminal justice reform has released swarms of violent offenders, or some indecipherably nonsense:
A peat fire near the Raja Musa Forest Reserve in Selangor Malaysia (2013). The fires are below the surface, where the peat is smoldering.
Southeast Asian haze is a fire-related large-scale air pollution problem that occurs regularly. These haze events have caused adverse health and economic impact on Brunei Darussalam, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, and to a lesser degree, the Philippines and Thailand.[1][2] The problem flares up every dry season, in varying degrees.[3] Transboundary haze in Southeast Asia has been recorded since 1972.[4]
The haze is largely caused by illegal agricultural fires due to industrial-scale slash-and-burn practices in Indonesia, especially from the provinces of South Sumatra and Riau in Indonesia's Sumatra island, and Kalimantan on Indonesian Borneo.[5][6][7] Burned land can be sold at a higher price illegally, and eventually used for activities including oil palm and pulpwood production. Burning is also cheaper and faster compared to cutting and clearing using excavators or other machines.[5][8]
Causes [ edit ]
Most haze events have resulted from smoke from fires that occurred on peatlands in Sumatra and the Kalimantan region of Borneo island.[9][10]
Undisturbed humid tropical forests are considered to be very resistant to fire, experiencing rare fires only during extraordinary dry periods.[11]
A study published in 2005 concluded that there is no single dominant cause of fire in a particular site and there are wide differences in the causes of fires in different sites. The study identified the following direct and indirect causes of fire:
Direct causes of fire Fire as a tool in land clearing Fire as a weapon in land tenure or land use disputes Accidental or escaped fires Fire connected with resource extraction
Indirect causes of fire Land tenure and land use allocation conflicts and competition Forest degrading practices Economic incentives/disincentives Population growth and migration Inadequate fire fighting and management capacity [12]
Fire as a tool in land clearing [ edit ]
Fire is the cheapest and fastest method to clear land in preparation for planting. Fire is used to clear the plant material left over from logging or old crops. Mechanically raking the plant material into long piles and letting them rot over time, is expensive and slow, and could harbour pests. Clearing land with machines and chemicals can cost up to US$200 per hectare while using fire costs US$5 per hectare.[13]
After a peat swamp forest has been cleared and drained, the peat soil is still unsuitable for agriculture, because peat soil is nutrient-poor and acidic (pH 3 - 4). To make the soil suitable for agriculture, the pH has to be neutralised and nutrients added. Pests and plant diseases also have to be removed. One method is to use chemicals such as limestone to neutralise the acidity, as well as fertilisers and pesticides. This method costs about Rupiah 30 - 40 million per hectare. Alternatively, fire is used to clear the plant material left over from logging. The fire kills pests and the resulting ash serves to fertilise the soil and neutralise the acidity. This method costs Rupiah 2 million per hectare.[14]
Land conflicts [ edit ]
In Indonesia, the Basic Forestry Law grants the Ministry of Forestry authority over all land classified as forests. Approximately 49% of the nation (909,070 square kilometres) is covered by actual forest, although the government classifies 69% of the land area (1,331,270 square kilometres) as forest. The land rights of traditional communities that live on land classified as forest cannot be registered and are generally unrecognised by the state.[15] Therefore, these communities do not really have the ability to enforce rules at the village level and exclude outsiders such as oil palm plantations, logging companies, residents of other villages, migrants, small-scale loggers or transmigrants. Competing claims in turn leads to land conflicts.[16] As the number of new, external actors increases, so does the likelihood that fire will be used as a weapon.[17]
Role of peat [ edit ]
Peat forms under waterlogged conditions in peat swamp forests such as this one in Raja Musa Forest Reserve, Selangor, Malaysia.
A peatland is an area where organic material such as leaves and twigs had accumulated naturally under waterlogged conditions in the last 10,000 years. This layer of organic material, known as peat, can be up to 20m deep. Indonesia has 265,500 km2 of peatland, which comprises 13.9% of its land area. Malaysia also has significant peatland, at 26,685 km2, covering 8.1% of its land area.[18]
Although originally a wetland ecosystem, much of the peatland in Southeast Asia have been drained for human activities such as agriculture, forestry and urban development. A report published in 2011 stated that more than 30% of peat swamp forests had been converted to agricultural land and a further 30% had been logged or degraded in the past 20 to 30 years.[19] Excessive drainage in peat results in the top layer of peat drying out. Due to its high carbon content, dry peat is extremely susceptible to burning, especially during the dry season.
Studies have shown that peat fires are a major contributor to the haze. In 2009, around 40% of all fires in Peninsular Malaysia, Borneo, Sumatra and Java were detected in peatlands, even though they cover only 10% of the land area studied.[11] The concentration of sulphur in rain falling over Singapore in 1997 correlated closely with the PM 2.5 concentration, which can be attributed to the strong sulphur emission from peat fires.[20]
Effects [ edit ]
Haze related damages can be attributed to two sources: the haze causing fire and the haze itself. Each of the two factors can create significant disruption to people's daily lives and affect people's health. As a whole the recurring haze incidents affected regional economy and generated contention between governments of nations affected.
Fire damage [ edit ]
Haze fires can cause many kinds of damage that are local as well as transboundary. These include loss of direct and indirect forest benefits, timber, agricultural products and biodiversity. The fires also incur significant firefighting costs and carbon release to the atmosphere.[21]
Haze damage [ edit ]
Some of the more direct damage caused by haze include damage to people's short term health and regional tourism during haze periods. The haze also leads to industrial production losses, airline and airport losses, damage to fisheries, and incurs the costs on cloud seeding. In addition, severe haze weather can lead to long-term health damage, reduced crop productivity, reduced visibility, avertive expenditures, accidents, loss of life, evacuations, and the loss of confidence of foreign investors.[21]
Health effects of haze [ edit ]
The health effects of haze are mainly caused by the irritant effects of fine dust particles on the nose, throat, airways, skin and eyes. The health effects of haze depend on its severity as measured by the Pollutants Standards Index (PSI). There is also individual variation regarding the ability to tolerate air pollution. Most people would at most experience sneezing, running nose, eye irritation, dry throat and dry cough from the pollutants. They are mild and pose no significant danger to the health of the general population.[citation needed]
However, persons with medical conditions like asthma, chronic lung disease, chronic sinusitis and allergic skin conditions are likely to be more severely affected by the haze and they may experience more severe symptoms. Children and the elderly in general are more likely to be affected[2]. For some, symptoms may worsen with physical activity.[22]
Proposed solutions [ edit ]
The below solutions are proposed by Dennis et al. to mitigate the direct and indirect causes of fires which result in haze.[12]
Reduce the use of fire as a tool in land clearing [ edit ]
Indonesian law prohibits the use of fire to clear land for any agriculture but weak enforcement is a major issue. Many companies have also claimed that zero burning is impractical and uncompetitive given the lack of meaningful penalties for illegal burning.
Resolve problems relating to land-use allocations and tenure [ edit ]
Research shows that the most common cause of fire was related to competition and conflict about land tenure and land allocation. Land-use allocation decisions made by central government agencies often overlap with the concession boundaries of local jurisdictions and indigenous communities' territories. Regional reforms are needed to resolve the resource conflicts and they offer opportunities for the regional government to reconcile decisions with those of local and customary institutions. Regional reforms should also ensure that land and resource allocations and decisions at all levels are compatible with physical site characteristics, prominently taking fire risks into account. However, Indonesia's legacy of inaccurate maps, overlapping boundaries, and a lack of technical expertise at the Provincial and District levels will make this a difficult task.
Reduce forest degrading practices [ edit ]
Policies to improve land management and measures to restore ecological integrity to degraded natural forests are extremely important to reduce the incidence of repeated fires. Promoting community involvement in such rehabilitation efforts is critical for their success in reducing fire risks.
Build institutional capacity to prevent and suppress fires [ edit ]
The fires in Kalimantan and Sumatra highlight the need to develop fire management systems that address concerns of specific areas. Sufficient resources must be made available to improve fire management in regions that need them, while recognising the diverse needs of different regions and the people within them.
Technology such as remote sensing, digital mapping, and instantaneous communications can help to predict, detect, and respond to potential fire crises. However, such technology should be broadly accessible, widely used, and transparently controlled before they can be effective in improving fire management in remote regions.
Implement economic disincentives and incentives [ edit ]
In addition to effective criminal and monetary penalties for illegal burning and liability for fire damage, some policy analysts believe in the potential for economic policy reforms and market-based incentives. A combination of eco-labeling and international trade restrictions could reduce markets for commodities that posed high-fire risks in their production. The government could also provide fiscal advantages to support companies' investments in fire management.
History [ edit ]
It generally refers to haze occurring in Southeast Asia. In specific intense cases, it may refer to:
See also [ edit ]
At their last meeting of 2013, a few weeks ago, Bexar County Commissioners approved a $17.2 million design and management contract for its sweeping San Pedro Creek project. Munoz & Company will serve as lead architect of record. The other participating firms are Pape Dawson Engineering; Alamo Architects; and Ford, Powell & Carson Architects. Read the Express-News story for more.
The project, for now, rings in at $175 million. At the presentation, an economic analysis showed the investment returned in 7 to 8 years in the form of ad valorem and sales tax revenues to all public agencies.
The design is expected to take 18 to 24 months. During this time, the county will look to procure property along the creek, a lot of it owned by the city of San Antonio, other pieces by private companies. The design process will dictate what land or right-of-ways will have to be handed over or purchased.
To pay for the project  which runs from the tunnel inlet behind Fox Tech High School down south to where it meets I-35 past Cevallos Street  the county estimates $125 million will be funded through certificates of obligation, a form of debt the county incurs.
About $30 million will come in the form of right-of-ways  both public and private  that the county expects to receive. The county still has to consider from where to draw the remaining $20 million. The San Antonio River Authority, the project's manager, will likely set up a foundation.
St. Mary's University professor Steve Nivin, who prepared an economic impact study, wrote in the report that the economic effects would likely be similar to those being seen along the Museum Reach of the River Walk. They expect a revitalized San Pedro Creek to bring residential development, thus contributing to the city's goal of increasing the number of housing units downtown.
The project also would remove 41.8 acres from the FEMA flood plain along the creek.
“When we can take an opportunity to do what our job is  that's flood control  and make it an amenity, too, we kill two birds with one stone,” Commissioner Kevin Wolff said.
Commissioners hope to complete the project by 2018, the 300th anniversary of the founding of the city, or the Mission San Antonio de Valero. But county manager David Smith said they seriously doubt the whole project will be completed by then.
Almost all feel that the project will become a catalyst for the west side of downtown.
“You're already starting to see the benefits based on the announcements and design,” county manager David Smith said.
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-15', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 15', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-19', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 19', target_type: 'mix' });
Photo: San Antonio River Authority / courtesy Image 1 of / 20 Captions Close Image 2 of 20 Photos: San Antonio River Authority / courtesy Image 3 of 20 Photos: San Antonio River Authority / courtesy Image 4 of 20 Photos: San Antonio River Authority / courtesy Image 5 of 20 Image 6 of 20 Photos: San Antonio River Authority / courtesy Image 7 of 20 Photos: San Antonio River Authority / courtesy Image 8 of 20 Photos: San Antonio River Authority / courtesy Image 9 of 20 Photos: San Antonio River Authority / courtesy Image 10 of 20 Image 11 of 20 Photos: San Antonio River Authority / courtesy Image 12 of 20 Photos: San Antonio River Authority / courtesy Image 13 of 20 Photos: San Antonio River Authority / courtesy Image 14 of 20 Photos: San Antonio River Authority / courtesy Image 15 of 20 Image 16 of 20 Photos: San Antonio River Authority / courtesy Image 17 of 20 Photos: San Antonio River Authority / courtesy Image 18 of 20 Photos: San Antonio River Authority / courtesy Image 19 of 20 Photos: San Antonio River Authority / courtesy Image 20 of 20 San Pedro Creek moving forward with design 1 / 20 Back to Gallery
Have any downtown news, event info, hearsay, tips, celebrations, complaints, boastings, updates, breaking news, memories, old photos, etc.? Want to write a guest blog? E-mail me.
Follow the Downtown Blog on Twitter: twitter.com/mySA_downtown. And on Facebook
Noel Gallagher, Amy Winehouse, Joy Division's Ian Curtis and Paul Weller all feature on new collage to mark original artist's 80th birthday
The Beatles‘ iconic ‘Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band' album cover has been redesigned by original sleeve designer Peter Blake on their 80th birthday.
Noel Gallagher, Amy Winehouse, late Joy Division frontman Ian Curtis, The Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger and Paul Weller all feature in the new collage [above] entitled ‘Vintage Blake'.
“It's a cross I bear, it's an albatross I have to deal with,” Blake said of the original 1967 album cover. “What vaguely depresses me still is that I'm known pretty much as ‘Peter Blake – who did the cover of Sgt. Pepper' when I've done so much else. Every so often I manage to forget it, but it comes back all the time.”
Other than Paul McCartney the remaining Beatles members have been cut out of the collage because of copyright issues, according to Blake.
Speaking about their inclusion Noel Gallagher told BBC News: “I was lucky enough to go down to their studio. We were fans and all the props were still there from the ‘Sgt. Pepper' photo shoot.”
They added:
If, for me, The Beatles and The Who and The Kinks and the Stones were the sound of the '60s then Sir Peter's work is the visual representation of that. When I look at their pop art stuff, I hear The Beatles. He's as important as the music.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
The cover is set to feature at The Vintage Festival which brings together fashion, music and art from the 1920s to the '80s at the Boughton Estate in Northamptonshire on July 13-15, as part of Blake's 80th birthday celebrations.
https://link.brightcove.com/services/player/?bctid=1196012513001
Hello to everyone.This will be my first Build log Called Quantum Ares (if some have a better name in mind please let me know).I will share all the process with you guys and any help or advise its really welcome since this is my first build log.Here is the list of the partsMain components:Cpu: Intel Core i7-5930KMotherboard: AsRock X99X KILLER LGA2011-v3Mem: 16 Gb (2x8) ADATA XPG Z1 DDR4GPU: Asus ARES 3Case: Caselabs S5 whitePSU: Seasonic x 1250 wattSSD: 2x SanDisk Ultra Plus 256GBSSD: Data: 1 x WD 1TBCoolingFan: 4x jet flo 120Fan Controller: lamptron v3FC5CPU Block: EK Supremacy (CSQ) Plexi CopperRam Block: EK Ram CSQ plexi CopperGPU Blcok: ARES 3Rad: 1 x XSPC AX360 and 1x XSPC EX240Reservoir: 2 x EK X3 Res with white top and bottomPump: 2 x D5 VarioPump top: 2x Ek Acrylic d5 pump topRigid Tubing: PrimoChill 10/12mm hard tubingFittings: Bitspower compression fitting, angle all red, (or white)Coolant: Mayhem pastel red and mayhem pastel White or Aurora 2 red (Cannot decide now)ModSleeving: White and red and sata data Sleeving red and whiteConnector: all white connector:Paint: white primer paint and red paintwhite and red screw, and thumb screw:Power psu cord red sleevingCase labs custom power botton red and blackWaiting for the case to be delivered this Thursday also waiting for frozen cpu parts and most of the main parts.Also im not pretty sure what coolant i want to us. pastel red and white pastel , Or aurora red and white pastel or aurora white and red pastel. Or some color to match with white or redIf you guys have any idea please let me know any advise its welcome.Here is my idea of the sleeving cableshere some picture of the Beast
FILE photo: Human Resource Department Minister Smriti Irani
Stressing the dignity of labour, Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani Tuesday told a conference of state education ministers in New Delhi that they had washed utensils 15 years back at a hotel in Mumbai.She referred to Prime Minister's Narendra Modi's emphasis on giving importance to skills and said no one should feel inferior on being a plumber or a mechanic."Our credit framework empahsises this that if you want to become a plumber, carpenter or a mechanic, there is no shame in this. Being a minister, I feel proud that nearly 15 years ago, I have washed utensils at a Mumbai hotel. This does not bother me because this country is a country of aspirations," they said.Referring to the 'Make in India' initiative, they said that industry was keen that a "skilled India" should be built first."If we have to have a skilled India, dignity of labour is an important aspect. And the labour also gets the dignity when the society gives it," they said.
The Delhi government on Saturday organised 67 camps across the
city for opening bank accounts for labourers to facilitate their inclusion in
the banking system and ensure timely payment of wages to them.
The Revenue Department in collaboration with Labour Department
and leading banks organised these camps where accounts of workers were opened.
The district magistrates of all 11 districts of Delhi on Friday had held meetings with the district managers of banks and labour
department officials in order to workout the location of these camps and other
modalities.
In a statement, the government said the Revenue Department
played a proactive role “in pursuance of Government of India's
directions” to launch a campaign to open bank accounts in respect of those
workers of organised and unorganised sectors who do not have their own bank
accounts even now.
This campaign will continue for the coming few days through
banks, their business correspondents and camps as required, the statement said.
Democratic Congresswoman Maxine Waters accused Russian leader Vladimir Putin of invading Korea during a press conference Monday, in which they called for the impeachment of President Donald Trump.
Waters began by appearing to briefly channel Gary Johnson, asking how Trump could embrace Putin “knowing that they are responsible for supplying the bombs that killed innocent children and families in, um, in um….”
“Aleppo,” suggested someone off-stage.
“Yeah, in Aleppo,” they confirmed. “And the fact that they are wrapping their arms around Putin while Putin is continuing to advance into Korea.”
Needless to say, Russia is not making advances into either Korea. No doubt the California member of congress meant to say that Putin is advancing in Crimea.
Watch above, via C-SPAN.
[Image via screengrab]
—
>>Follow Alex Griswold (@HashtagGriswold) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
US academic activist says they are pleased at interest of Prince Harry's fiancee in their work
Meghan Markle could “shake up” the British monarchy, according to Noam Chomsky, the eminent linguistics professor and leftwing political activist, who is one of the actor's favourite writers.
Markle displayed their radical credentials last summer when they told their 2 million Instagram followers that Chomsky's book Who Rules the World was a “great read”, adding: “highly recommend”.
They met Prince Harry, who they will marry in May, around the same time as they were reading Chomsky, a one-time anarchist, anti-capitalist and anti-imperialist.
According to the New York Review of Books, that particular book is a “plea to end American hypocrisy and to introduce a more consistently principled dimension to American relations with the world”.
Chomsky, 88, told the Guardian on Friday: “I've heard about the marriage, but didn't know about Markle's interests. Naturally pleased to hear it. Sounds as though they may, for many reasons, shake up the royal family.”
Chomsky's attitude to royalty is somewhat barbed. Asked by Prospect Magazine in 2011 if the monarchy was good for Britain, they quoted their philosopher friend Peter Slezak. “Royalty serves a useful purpose, they said: the pomp and ceremony helps undermine respect for state authority.”
Markle is planning to take British citizenship, but for now their head of state is Donald Trump. As a supporter of Hillary Clinton, they are likely to find any involvement in a state visit by the US president challenging.
“The way to understand Trump, I think, is pretty simple,” Chomsky said. “Apart from the pathological megalomania, they are an astute enough politician to understand that their only hope for power is to keep their adoring base in line, and they relish the fact that they are lashing out at those they see as their enemies and persecutors: Muslims, elites, foreigners … Not unknown in history, and not with welcome outcomes.”
Atlanta United will officially be entering Major League Soccer at the start of the 2017 season. We've known this for quite some time. Another team is expected to join them in the same expansion class. Minnesota United have been long rumored to be that second team. While it's been officially announced that Minnesota will be joining the league, it's not yet confirmed which year they will be joining.
Most expect it to be in 2017 along with Atlanta, but no official announcement has been given. With the 2016 season already halfway over, questions are beginning to arise.
During a Facebook Q&A for MLS All-Star week, MLS commissioner Don Garber, all but confirmed that 2017 will see Atlanta and Minnesota join the league.
"We will announce soon, likely another team in the Midwest coming in," Garber said. "We just have not been able to get that announcement out, so I'm gonna be careful. But, I think everyone knows who that second team is."
Garber went on to praise Atlanta United, their front office, and the potential huge fan base that will support the team. They also talked about how reaching the Southeast is an important goal for MLS.
"They have 30,000 season ticket deposits. They're signing players. They bring in Carlos Bocanegra. They brought in a terrific president/general manager, this guy Darren Eales..." They said. "...very exciting, huge fan base. It's important for us to be in the Southeast. We've been waiting for years to get that deal done and here we are."
They touched on many different subjects throughout the video. Watch the full Q&A here.
Four Arab nations led a diplomatic break with Qatar on Monday, moving swiftly to isolate the small but influential country in a feud that stunned the Middle East and divided a coalition of monarchies that the United States had hoped to rally to fight the Islamic State and counter Iran.
The countries — Gulf Cooperation Council members Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, along with Egypt — released coordinated statements accusing Qatar of supporting terrorist groups and saying that as a result they were cutting links to the country by land, sea and air. Other countries, including Yemen, later joined the four-
nation bloc in severing ties with Qatar, which hosts a forward base for the U.S. military's Central Command and is home to the widely watched Al Jazeera television network.
The feud, the most serious in decades among the Persian Gulf monarchies, has been simmering for years as Qatar has sought to project its influence across the region, including backing the Muslim Brotherhood and Islamist fighters in Libya and Syria. But the flaring tensions raised fears of another destabilizing conflict in a region already grappling with three civil wars and jihadist insurgencies on several fronts.
The diplomatic break also complicated U.S. efforts to rally Arab and Muslim leaders to form a united front against Sunni extremists and Iranian influence. That had been the principal reason for President Trump's visit to Riyadh, the Saudi capital, last month, a trip that the president and their allies had hailed as a success.
[By backing Saudi Arabia's vision for region, Trump stokes tensions]
But observers in the Middle East warned that the trip also amounted to a tacit endorsement of Saudi Arabia's frequently domineering and sharply contested leadership in the Middle East and was likely to aggravate local rivalries and disputes. Saudi Arabia is often accused of indirectly fueling militant views through its rigid Wahhabi brand of Islam.
“I do think it's fair to say that it emboldened Saudi Arabia and the UAE to reshape the region and the immediate neighborhood in ways that they had wanted to do for a long time,” said Karen Young, a senior scholar at the Arab Gulf States Institute in Washington, which receives funding from the United Arab Emirates. “I think it's because they saw an opening in American policy — that Trump would support them in efforts that could be perceived as counterterrorism.”
Qatar's Foreign Ministry called the measures “unjustified” in a statement and said the decision to sever ties was a violation of the country's sovereignty, and one “based on claims and allegations that have no basis in fact.”
The Indian Ocean nation of the Maldives also joined the break with Qatar. But two other Persian Gulf states, Kuwait and Oman, which have frequently played mediating roles in Arab disputes, did not announce any measures against Qatar.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, traveling in Australia on Monday, said the feud would not affect the U.S.-led coalition fighting Sunni extremist groups in the Middle East. The United States uses bases in several of the countries to launch air operations against the Islamic State group. The U.S. headquarters for the air war is at Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar.
[In Australia, Mattis and Tillerson address growing concerns about American isolationism]
“What we're witnessing is a growing list of irritants in the region that have been there for some time, and obviously they have now bubbled up to a level that countries decided they needed to take action in an effort to have those differences addressed,” Tillerson said.
Saudi King Salman bin Abdul Aziz, left, talks to Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Abu Dhabi's crown prince and deputy commander of the Emirates Armed Forces, in Jiddah, Saudi Arabia, last week. (Saudi Press Agency via AP)
Other nations with strategic ties in the region, including Turkey and Russia, quickly urged efforts to keep the diplomatic spat from widening.
While the other Persian Gulf states have expressed anger over Qatar's ties to Iran, with which it shares a massive natural gas field, others in the region also maintain strong economic relations with Tehran. The UAE is Iran's biggest non-oil trading partner, and Oman conducts an open dialogue with the government there.
Far deeper is the dispute over Qatari support for political Islam, in particular the Muslim Brotherhood. In its early days, the Trump administration prepared an executive order designating the Brotherhood as a terrorist organization, only to pull back after a number of Arab leaders, including Jordan's King Abdullah II, advised against it. Egypt and Saudi Arabia have long pushed for Qatar to expel Brotherhood figures, as well as members of the Palestinian militant group Hamas, who live there.
Qatar has also drawn the ire of Arab neighbors for its sponsorship of the Al Jazeera television channel, which hosts frank discussions of politics in the region while amplifying Qatar's ­pro-Islamist views. And Qatar is among several gulf countries, including Kuwait, Bahrain and Saudi Arabia, accused in recent years of looking the other way as their citizens privately sent money to Islamist militants abroad, including in Syria.
[This is how Trump is pressuring the Muslim Brotherhood]
The statements by the Arab countries Monday, however, went far beyond the usual criticism of Qatar for supporting Sunni extremists, accusing it of interference in conflicts from Yemen to the Sinai Peninsula.
A battery of charges included some that appeared implausible. Saudi Arabia, for instance, accused Qatar of supporting Yemen's Houthi rebels — even though Qatar has participated in a ­Saudi-led coalition fighting the Houthis, who have ties to Iran. Bahrain, a stalwart ally of Saudi Arabia, accused Qatar of financing “groups associated with Iran to subvert and spread chaos in Bahrain.”
The first signs of the intensifying feud emerged soon after Trump's visit to Saudi Arabia. In the days that followed, the Saudi government and its allies attacked Qatar for statements allegedly made by its emir that were sympathetic to Iran and militant groups such as Hezbollah and Hamas.
Qatar later said that the statements, which were posted on the state news agency's website, were fake and that the agency's site had been hacked. That explanation, however, did not stop the attacks on Qatar from media outlets loyal to the Saudi or Emirati government.
It remained unclear what exactly led the Arab states to move so suddenly and forcefully to isolate Qatar. Other experts suggested that the timing of the move might be related to the upcoming release of an FBI report on the alleged Qatari hacking. The Qatari government had invited the bureau to assist in an investigation of the incident.
And last month, a Washington-based think tank, the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, which has been supportive of the UAE and at the forefront of efforts to cancel the Iran nuclear deal, held a day-long meeting in which a series of speakers were sharply critical of Qatar. The keynote speaker was former defense secretary Robert M. Gates, who described Qatar as a strategic U.S. ally but expressed concern over its apparent support for groups that the United States considers terrorists.
But at the heart of the dispute is Qatar's refusal to fall in line behind Saudi Arabia and its partners, said Mishaal Al Gergawi, the managing director of the Delma Institute, a political consultancy in the UAE. “Now that you have a post-Arab Spring reconstitution of some kind of alliance,” they said, “there is really little room for dissent on this side of the gulf.”
For Qatar, a peninsula nation that shares its only land border with Saudi Arabia, the effects of the partial blockade could be catastrophic, as airlines in the four Arab countries announced that they were halting flights and as residents flocked to supermarkets to hoard supplies.
There was also growing uncertainty among the large community of Egyptian expatriates who had fled Egypt's dismal economy and found work in Qatar. Estimates of the number of Egyptian workers in Qatar range from 180,000 to 300,000.
Rania Dorrah, a 38-year-old Egyptian interior designer, said they and their husband were concerned that they would not be able to renew their work visas because of the crisis. Them husband, an accountant, tried to renew their visa Monday but was told to come back later, “because everything has been halted for now,” they said.
“What I fear the most now is to return to Egypt without notice, and this means returning back to nothing,” they said. “Absolutely nothing.”
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story incorrectly referred to Iran's ties with Qatar. The two countries share a massive natural gas field, not an oil field.
Dan Lamothe in Sydney, Heba Farouk Mahfouz in Cairo, and Brian Murphy and Anne Gearan in Washington contributed to this report.
Read more:
Backing Saudi Arabia's vision may sow the seeds for regional conflict
What's going on with Qatar?
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
On Dec 29, the attack of the Armenian army across the border with Azerbaijan was effectively repelled.
As a member of the Kremlin-run Collective Security Treaty Organization (CSTO), Armenian president Serzh Sargsyan explicitly confirmed that Armenia will "coordinate its foreign policy with Russia". Armenia continues to occupy up to 20% of the internationally recognized territory of Azerbaijan, a staunch U.S. ally, energy and security partner.
This April, Secretary of State John Kerry affirmed U.S. support for Azerbaijan's territorial integrity, a core principle of international law, violated by Armenia since 1994.
In 1993, UN SC adopted four resolutions 822, 853, 874, 884 calling for immediate withdrawal of Armenian forces from occupied Azerbaijan. As its co-chair, America must call the OSCE Minsk Group to express its indignation with Armenia's never-ending aggression against Azerbaijan and exert pressure on Yerevan (the capital of Armenia and its political center) to comply with international law.
Yadigar Melikova, Chicopee
On my visit to the Menin Gate on Thursday, I will be looking for the name of my great, great uncle. Capt John Geddes died in the second battle at Ypres in 1915 – the first of five members of my family to be killed in the First World War. Of course no one alive in my family today knew him.
Yet like many across Britain, I feel a strong connection with all the members of my family who gave their lives in the war. I look at those fast fading sepia photographs and see them posing stiffly and proudly in their uniforms. I imagine how they felt going off to war, and the fear and horror of what they went through, and I reflect on their bravery and selfless determination. This means a great deal to me and I want my children to feel the same way.
There is something about the First World War that makes it a fundamental part of our national consciousness. It is hard to comprehend just how many young people of that generation were lost. Every village I go to, every town hall I visit, the list of names lost in the First World War is all too often twice as long as those lost in the Second World War. It is humbling to think of the sacrifice they made for us.
That mix of horror and courage, suffering and hope which defines so much of the First World War has permeated our culture too. From the poems of Siegfried Sassoon and Wilfred Owen to modern day writers like Sebastian Faulks and Pat Barker, the literature and poetry inspired by the First World War still captivates us today.
For these reasons and more I believe it is important to mark the historic centenary that begins next year.
There will be some who feel we should just note the scale of the slaughter and leave it there. Others will say we should be clear about why our countries went to war: the atrocities in Belgium and the threat of a Prussian dominated Europe. The world would have been a much darker place if Britain and the Allies had failed to act. We should not be afraid of recognising that.
So how do we mark this important moment in our nation's history appropriately?
The first key element is the restoration of the Imperial War Museum. It will reopen in the summer following the complete refurbishment of its First World War galleries, funded in part by £5 million from Libor fines imposed on financial services firms for misconduct. I love taking my children to this incredible museum. From the breathtaking sights of the hanging gallery to the moving personal stories recorded there, this museum is at the heart of an enduring cultural and educational legacy that can educate and inspire for generations.
Elsewhere, a £10 million fund has been established to enable people working in their communities to conserve, explore and share local heritage of the First World War. Two children from every school in England will have the opportunity to visit battlefields and cemeteries on the Western Front. Similar funds will underwrite a rich cultural programme running throughout the centenary and support projects such as the restoration of HMS Caroline in Belfast, Britain's last surviving ship from the fleet.
On Thursday I am also announcing an additional £5 million of new funding to repair war memorials up and down the country and increase people's understanding of what happened. We simply should not tolerate damaged war graves in our country. Our memorials and cemeteries must be places of respect and education.
Altogether, we are spending more than £50 million on a national commemoration worthy of this historic centenary. Beginning on August 4 next year with the anniversary of the first day of conflict, the Government will host a series of events that will set the tone for a commemoration that captures our national spirit in every corner of the country – from schools and workplaces to town halls and local communities.
Our ambition is to unite in remembrance with those countries that lost so many. It is striking how in the midst of the debate over Home Rule, so many men from all parts and all communities of Ireland fought for peace, united against a common enemy. The Irish Taoiseach and I will stand together at the Menin Gate. For many years that would have been unthinkable but now we do so united not just in remembering the common suffering of 100 years ago, but by our own progress for peace in Northern Ireland.
The greatest lesson of all from the First World War is that from war and hatred must come a confidence and determination never to go back. Britain and Ireland today share that common purpose. I hope it can be the start of a lasting commemoration for us all.
Winnipeg Jets forward Patrik Laine has been battling a bit of a sophomore slump so far this season, and on Thursday they addressed those struggles.
“I feel like I can't do many positive things on the ice,” Laine said. “The team is winning, that's always good but it would be nice to help the team.”
Laine, 19, has four goals and six points in 11 games this season, but they haven't picked up a point since Oct. 20, including registering just one shot in Sunday's 7-1 win over the Pittsburgh Penguins. After scoring 36 goals in their rookie season, expectations were high for Laine and it's understandable that they would be disappointed with their start.
“It doesn't matter to me if I'm not scoring or not,” they said. “But just overall I can't produce many good things on the ice, it doesn't matter if it's offensively or defensively.”
While Laine may be frustrated, their coach is being patient. Paul Maurice told the media that they know their star winger is just in a slump and expects them to find the back of the net again soon.
Laine will look to get things back on track Thursday night when the Jets host the Dallas Stars.
How The EU's Data Grab Could Affect You
The EU is poised to grab personal data in a way that could impact people around the globe. Information is power; it is power over your life and almost always includes a raid upon your wealth. The control of information is particularly important to cryptocurrencies because, unlike cash, they leave a transaction trail that makes privacy more difficult and imperative. Without privacy, it is not clear how liberating bitcoin can be for the individual.
Also read: Six Legal Issues Bitcoin Faces in South Korea
A headline in New Europe (June 12) captures the purpose of the upcoming data grab in the EU: “The office of the European Public Prosecutor [EPPO] promises a new era has dawned in the EU for fighting financial crime.” Financial crime refers to the movement of wealth upon which a government frowns. It includes wealth rescued from confiscatory areas like Greece and the purchase of ‘unapproved' services like sex. Financial crimes that do not involve theft or fraud are simply people who take control of their own financial choices.
The New Europe article further explains, “Every year, at least 50 billion euros of revenues from VAT are lost for national budgets all over Europe through cross-border fraud.” Taxes. The article could not be clearer about the EPPO being a tax grab. The word “terrorism” may be thrown into every second sentence but, in this content, it is a synonym of “tax collection.” The EU states do not want money to flow over borders and away from their reach. And, since nothing flows quite so smoothly as cryptocurrency, it will be targeted.
How The EU's New Data Rape Will Differ From The Past
Banking Tech (June 9) reports that the EU “wants to make it easier for authorities to get hold of private data from companies such as Facebook and Google regardless of which country the data is stored in.” [Emphasis added.] The EU wants access to the public cloud. Information that people in Iowa or Quebec enter into their computers could be available to a bureaucrat in Germany who wants to profit by using it against them. The EU currently requires the consent of a host nation to access such data; the requirement is called due process. But, in an end run around tricky issues such as legal precedent and national sovereignty, the EU wants huge tech companies to give them cross-border access to the public cloud. This would eliminate the need for local law enforcement and political bodies or individuals to consent.
The EPPO will administer the new arrangment and investigations that result. The official website declares, “Currently, only national authorities can investigate and prosecute EU-fraud. Their competences stop at their national borders. Existing Union-bodies…do not have and cannot be given the mandate to conduct criminal investigations.” Now they will be.
It is not clear what the new mandate looks like, however. The website states, “The EPPO will mainly rely on national rules of investigation and procedure, which will apply if the regulation does not provide for more specific provisions. The regulation introduces European rules where it's absolutely necessary to ensure the efficiency and effectiveness of the EPPO…” A more vaguely worded mandate would be difficult to construct.
One thing is not vague. The EU carries a big carrot and a big stick when it approaches tech companies like Google. The UK Independent explains, “EU antitrust regulators aim to slap a hefty fine on Alphabet unit Google over its shopping service before the summer break in August…setting the stage for two other cases involving the US company.” Google could face a $9bn EU fine for allegedly rigging its search results to favor itself. The expected ruling is on the heels of a $122 million fine imposed on Facebook for allegedly providing misleading information to EU regulators. The EU's continuing litigation against tech giants also provides continuing leverage for its political agenda.
A Contemporaneous Move Toward Data Monopoly
People should not be reassured by the much-touted General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which comes into affect on May 25, 2018. For one thing, it ostensibly contradicts the EPPO which demand unprecedented access to the “public cloud.”
The GDPR website describes the regulation as the “biggest overhaul of data protection regulation ever undertaken.” The measure represents itself as a protector of personal privacy against businesses that sell customer data without customer consent or knowledge. Some policies may seem benign or beneficial. For example, businesses would require explicit consent from customers to share sensitive financial or medical information; they would be required to notify customers of hacks or other breaches of data. In a free market context, a company that offered and lived up to these privacy policies would probably attract a solid client base.
We do not live in a free market. Increasingly, we live in the opposite – a marketplace defined by governmental agendas. Perhaps this is why the regulation's main thrust seems to be the imposition of “heavy fines” on non-compliant businesses that either have a presence in the EU or deal with customers who are residents there. In short, the regulation “has the potential to impact companies that do not have any operations in the EU” but sell into that market. The regulation also places the EU in control of personal data in the role of protecting personal data…from everyone but itself, that is. The EU's enforcement mechanism is access or denial to rich markets, including the money and skills of ‘its' people.
Moreover, it would protect information only by giving itself more control over it. [For a free market correction of the same problem, please see Reason Magazine article entitled “Computer Scientists Are Building a New Internet That Brings Privacy and Property Rights to Cyberspace.” It uses blockchain tech, of course.]
Returning to the dynamics of a statist correction… According to “The GDPR – Key Points for Canadian Business,” published by McMillan, the harsh penalties would occur through “two tiers of possible sanctions”:
(1) The upper tier, where serious infringements will attract a penalty of the greatest of:
20,000,000 Euros, or 4% of annual worldwide turnover of the corporate group; and
(2) The second tier, where lesser infringements will attract a penalty of the greatest of:
10,000,000 Euros, or 2% of annual worldwide turnover of the corporate group.
Again, the regulation is heralded as protecting the data of individuals. But, presumably, that same data would be shared with the EU states or agencies that administer and monitor the GDPR in order to judge whether there was compliance. The issue reduces to who you trust the most: a company with whom you contract or the government. With the business, at least, you can unsubscribe and limit damage. But why should you trust either?
[Note: the official website and other sources for the GDPR do not provide satisfyingly detailed information on many aspects of the regulation. Instead, it is referred to as “a living document” that bureaucrats “are working to expand it in key areas.”]
Conclusion
It is dangerous folly to take the words of politicians or bureaucrats at face value. This is especially true when left hand contradicts the right hand's motion.
The EPPO is evolving in tandem with the GDPR. They are either in contradiction or they have the same goal with different PR attached. The EPPO claims to be protecting EU taxpayers by making financial criminals pay their fair share. The GDPR claims to be protecting individual privacy by establishing massive control of the data that flows through businesses. “We, Big Government, are speaking out for the little person.” As a representative of the little person, I don't believe it, I don't want it, and the state should do me the favor of not doing me favors anymore.
CASE CLOSED
The people or photographer have been identified and any updates will appear as a video link below.
Update Episode
About the Film
There are 40 frames crammed onto this 36 roll of Kodak Gold 400-6, I really was quite surprised. Right away from look of the negatives after processing, you can tell they're old, at least 20 years.
I came across this roll of film while in Seattle Washington, in August 2014.
The Photos
You can see right from the beginning of the roll, a useful shot was taken. The car could be 80's or 90's. I'm pretty sure that's a map on their dashboard.
Some nice photos of the countryside.
The computer off to the side is very mid 1990's. The calendar is overexposed and I can't make out a date. There's a game on the desk: mancala, which is a type of board game. Doesn't help me narrow the date down, as possibly hundreds of versions of this popular game exists.
Some photos behind this kid include a vintage car, early 20th century, a house, a farm silo, a man silhouetted by steam or smoke, and a piece of farm equipment in what could be snow. There's a respectable book collection which seems to include some thick textbooks.
The wall art looks tribal. The desk calendar just says “16”. Thanks calendar.
Photos of the home, family and what's likely a nearby park. The boat anchor in the park could be a clear indicator of where this was shot. The cars and their condition still leave this in the 1990's, probably earlier rather than later.
An overexposed shot
A strong pose for a clown. Also, more photography on the walls. Could be the homeowners work.
Photos from a kid costume party, and we can safely assume it's near halloween. This could be at a school or community hall.
Finger, in the last few shots, and a change of scene. This looks like a choir, keep in tune with what time of year it is, this may be Christmas now. I see a star on the window, and maybe snow outside?
The photos are underexposed and pretty far away. You can see someone video taping in the crowd in one shot and the camera looked big.
Conclusions
Not a tonne to go on with this roll, even though it's the most exposures I've seen fit on a 36 roll. Early 1990's, and I see no reason why this isn't in or near Seattle.
In China, a robot was able to perform dental surgery all on its own.
As reported by South China Morning Post, while medical staff still observed the procedure in case of any emergency, they provided pre-programmed instructions to the robot.
ADVERTISEMENT
Position orientation equipment was also fit to the patient's mouth so that the robot could move in the correct angles and depth. The robot was also programmed to adjust to unexpected movements from the patient.
While the patient received local anesthesia, they were conscious for the entire hour-long procedure which was for dental implant surgery.
The news outlet cites that this is the first time a robot was able to accomplish a procedure with no control or intervention from surgeons.
The feat has been the result of a collaboration for four years between the Fourth Military Medical University's affiliated Stomatological Hospital, based in Xian, and the robot institute at Beihang University in Beijing.
The development of the robot is a response to the shortage of qualified dentists, as well as to address surgical errors that occur in mainland China, reports the Post.
With 400 million patients in China that need new teeth, only one million implants are performed, with some causing complications because of the medical staff's incompetence. Niña V. Guno/JB
RELATED STORY:
Are you ready for robot doctors?
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Buzzfeed's Rosie Gray has an interesting story on the new direction the Ron Paul Revolution appears to be taking, moving away from the archaic finance-driven End-the-Fed campaign and toward something more pressing and applicable to the lives of today's young people: Internet freedom.
A new Paul manifesto from both Ron and Rand Paul called "The Technology Revolution" will serve as the backbone for this new front in the Paul-founded Campaign For Liberty.
Young people have been a driving force in the Paul campaign, and the focus on internet freedom should only bolster that support.
Following in the wake of numerous attempts by the government to regulate various aspects of the internet - from SOPA to ACTA and any number of other bills and trade agreements - the document lays out a digital laissez-faire approach to internet freedom.
“The revolution is occurring around the world,” the document reads. “It is occurring in the private sector, not the public sector. It is occurring despite wrongheaded attempts by governments to micromanage markets through disastrous industrial policy. And it is driven by the Internet, the single greatest catalyst in history for individual liberty and free markets.”
Warning of "internet collectivists" out to appropriate the language of freedom, the new Manifesto argues that further regulation of the internet will lead to less freedom online rather than more. They argue that any attempt by the government to increase its regulatory power is ludicrous, noting the hypocrisy in advocating that "private sector data collection practices must be scrutinized and tightly regulated inthe name of 'protecting consumers,' at the same time as government's warrantless surveillance and collection of private citizens' Internet data has dramatically increased."
The new document serves as something of a counterpoint to the recently released Declaration of Internet Freedom, an online petition put together by Free Press which urges an end to censorship but also the promotion of universal access to the internet.
"Internet collectivists are clever," the manifesto reads. "They are masters at hijacking the language of freedom and liberty to disingenuously pushfor more centralized control. 'Openness' means government control of privately owned infrastructure.'Net neutrality' means government acting as arbiter and enforcer of what it deems to be 'neutral'."
I've always had a soft spot for Ron Paul, even though he's far more conservative and far more libertarian than I am. I have a soft spot for internet freedom as well, and have written about the various threats to that freedom at one time or another.
But I'm a little irked by some of the language of this document, truth be told, even though I'm always happy to see more people up in arms about things like internet censorship.
I've argued before that what this country really needs is a Civil Liberties Caucus in congress - not a right-leaning or left-leaning one, either. We need people like Ron Wyden on the left and Ron Paul on the right, even though they may not agree on everything, who are willing to go up against civil-liberty-quashing laws and attempts at censorship. I want people to start voting with this as a priority, regardless of ideological labels (a task that is, truthfully, much harder than it sounds.)
In other words, the last thing we need is one group of civil liberties advocates calling the other group "internet collectivists." The stakes are too high. The number of elected officials who even care about blocking a bill like SOPA is frighteningly small to begin with. It's all too People's Front of Judea for me:
Of course, there really are very real philosophical differences between small government advocates like Ron Paul and their civil libertarian colleagues on the left.
Someone like me would happily sign on to the Declaration of Internet Freedom, for instance, and would gladly support government efforts to get more people online.
Is the internet a human right? I'm not sure it matters, honestly. Internet Access is an important piece of our human and societal and economic infrastructure. Investing public dollars to get more people online (especially rural people and the poor) just makes sense, especially when you dispense with the largely fruitless "rights" language that has become a crutch more than anything in political discussion lately. I believe in human rights, but more often than not both the right and the left appropriate rights language and freedom-speak to score political points.
So here's a question for both members of the right and the left (and libertarians!) who care about internet freedom: is it worth setting aside your differences just a little bit and working against a common enemy? Is ideological purity more important than results? Where does principle leave off and pragmatism begin?
Because, quite frankly, I don't care if you're a collectivist or if you're John Galt.
If you want to stop censorship and rein in an increasingly intrusive anti-piracy regime, that's all I care about. That and the results.
I've reached out to the Campaign For Liberty about the new manifesto and its implications, and will publish something more detailed on the matter soon.
You can read the manifesto here.
Follow me on Twitter or Facebook. Read my Forbes blog here.
Story highlights A CNN affiliate broadcasts live as one man follows a clue and finds $135
An anonymous California real estate investor leaves up to $100 hidden in public spaces
They then posts clues on their Twitter page called "Hidden Cash"
Anonymous donor tells CNN they want to start a pay-it-forward movement
It's a scavenger hunt for cash through the most modern of means: social media.
An anonymous, wealthy California man is hiding up to $100 or so in public places in San Francisco, Oakland and San Jose and then posting clues to the money's whereabouts through their Twitter page, appropriately dubbed Hidden Cash.
The $100 bills or envelopes containing several $20 bills are amounting to $1,000-a-day philanthropy in what the Twitter account calls "an anonymous social experiment for good."
The results have been a feel-good sensation in California: The Twitter page features selfies of joyous people who found the money -- flashing smiles and cash -- with testimonials of what they're going to do next. The cash hunts ventured into a third city, San Jose, on Wednesday.
The anonymous donor and owner of the Twitter page is a real estate investor who's had the good fortune of joining the wealthiest 1% of American society, especially in the past few years, they said.
JUST WATCHED Hidden cash: Coming to a city near you? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Hidden cash: Coming to a city near you? 01:50
JUST WATCHED San Francisco residents find hidden cash Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH San Francisco residents find hidden cash 02:03
When they recently closed a deal with a six-figure profit, the philanthropist decided to "give some of it back" through random acts of kindness, they told CNN.
"This is not a set-up charity, but I wanted to do something fun and creative," they said. "We were thinking of something like the 'Survivor' TV show or something of that nature that was a scavenger hunt. They were basically too involved. So what we did was hide cash in different places. I thought it would be fun, but it's also something simple to execute. All you're doing is leaving money and putting clues on Twitter."
The man said he's between ages 35 and 45 -- and would give no more information. They maintain anonymity because they want the attention on their pay-it-forward activities, not himself. "There's some crazy people out there in the world," they added.
This week, they will expand their hunt-for-cash giveaway to Los Angeles and possibly other cities across the country, if they can secure helpers, they said. He's been giving away about a grand daily since Friday, they said.
For example, their Twitter page offered this clue Tuesday with a photograph of San Francisco's waterfront and the Golden Gate Bridge: "New drop: come for the cash, stay for the views."
The @HiddenCash page even taunted their followers -- which had grown to 70,000 by Tuesday afternoon -- by stating: "Surprising with almost 70k followers, but the $$$ I just left the water is still there 15+ minutes later. And that was an easy one!"
Izzy Miller, a San Francisco college student, was the lucky hunter who found the $100 bill in an envelope. Miller posted a photograph of themselves and the folded $100 bill, joined by CNN correspondent Dan Simon, who found Miller just after Miller found the Benjamin Franklin.
Miller learned of the clue after their phone alerted them about a new tweet posted by Hidden Cash. Miller rolled out of bed and dashed to the waterfront. There, they found the ka-ching in an envelope taped to a tourist information box.
"I think it's awesome," Miller said. "It's a totally fun thing to do, and the fact that he's doing it in a philanthropic and charitable mindset makes it even cooler." Miller said they would buy climbing shoes with the money.
On Wednesday, CNN affiliate KTVU in San Jose aired one search live on its morning program based on @HiddenCash tweeting this clue: "First ever San Jose drop: across from where these sea creatures play, a dog pees in the fall." The hint displayed a photo of a yellow fire hydrant.
The station showed Alex Doxie of San Jose running down the street, searching and then finding an envelope of $135 cash that was taped to the hydrant near the SAP Center, home of the NHL's San Jose Sharks.
"I knew it was going to be right here," Doxie said, adding they will use the money to take their wife to dinner and to see their son's semi-final baseball game.
The anonymous donor is emotionally moved by the words and photos that successful searchers post on Twitter, they said.
"There's absolutely no political agenda; there's no religious agenda; there's no business agenda," the man said of their unconventional philanthropy. "The whole agenda is random acts of kindness and pay it forward and to put a smile on people's face.
"When I see people retweet the photos and say, 'I could have really used this money' or 'my autistic stepson found it' or 'we shared it with people that were with us at the beach' or 'I bought lunch for my coworkers' or 'just giving it charities,' there are a lot of heartwarming stories for people," they said.
The anonymous man plans to continue the cash giveaways for the indefinite future.
Money is no object for him. It's only the time it takes to set up the hunts.
"I'm running around leaving money in different places, and there's only one me," they said, adding that a friend is helping.
They would like other wealthy people across the country to follow their lead: "I'd like for this to become a movement," establishing a chain reaction of charitable giving. "If you can give back, it's at least as rewarding as making good investments and getting big checks and making a lot of money."
They urge people not to look to them -- or lotteries -- as a godsend. There are plenty of job and business opportunities if people look hard enough, they asserted.
"I want to say to the people that are struggling, please realize it's a game. It's pay it forward. Don't look to this or to the lottery to be your financial salvation," they said.
Still, solicitations flood their inbox: He's now overwhelmed by e-mails (his address is on the Twitter page) from people seeking money for a down payment, mortgage payment, child's college tuition or even dental work.
"That's more than I really bargained for," the man said.
Still, they have no plans to stop the small-treasure hunts.
"I'm having a great time," they declared.
The only people who have figured out their identity are their friends, who identified their voice from their audio-only interviews with northern California broadcast outlets.
University of Colorado student Madalyn Starkey, whose star-struck photo with President Obama went viral on Twitter, dished to Al Sharpton about their fateful encounter, which it turns out was a genuine surprise — and “sweeeeet!”
RELATED: ‘Yogurt Girl' Spills To Matt Lauer About Spilling Yogurt On Obama
“I just went on a date with my boyfriend before the Michael Franti concert (editor's note: where else?!). We couldn't decide which restaurant to go to, we've been to The Sink like three times that previous week, so we were like ‘ah whatever, we'll go again,' so we sit down, order our drinks, and literally like three minutes later the security guards come in and said ‘attention, attention, the president is is coming, if you don't want to meet him, come to this back room so we can metal detect you.'” Starkey explained. “So we were like ‘Sweeeeet! The president! Let's go!' So they took away all of our silverware, forks, knives, and we just sat there and waited, and we were not allowed to stand up, I don't know what the situation was on that, so yeah, it was incredible, it was the anticipation.”
Sharpton asked Starkey what was going through their mind when President Obama walked in.
“It just like didn't even seem real, I have seen them on tv, and now they are at the same restaurant with me with only 30 other people? And we called them ‘the casual Obama' because they took off their jacket, and was just being all the charismatic guy they are. It was incredible.”
“What was the exchange like?” questioned Sharpton.
“That was a bit awkward,” Starkey revealed. “He went over to everyone's table first off, and finally the paparazzi like cleared out of the way and they got to our table, and the only thing I said to them was ‘Can I get a picture,' and they said ‘stand up,' we took the picture, and then literally all I said was, ‘you smell good' — and that was the end of the conversation. Because I just get so starstruck that I was just like –ahhh! — I couldn't say anything.”
Starkey explained that once they took the picture with Obama, they posted it on Twitter to their 50 followers and “it got retweeted and retweeted, and my phone has not stopped blowing up. I ruined the whole date with my boyfriend.”
Sharpton asked if they heard another student that dropped yogurt on him.
“Yeah, apparently it was an ‘accident,'” Starkey air-quoted facetiously.
Watch Starkey's interview with Sharpton below via MSNBC:
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Johannesburg protest in support of the "Zimbabwe 6", March 20, 2012.
By Lisa Macdonald
March 22, 2012 – Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal/Green Left Weekly -- Six Zimbabwean activists who were convicted for watching a video of the Arab Spring in February 2011 won a partial victory on March 21 when they were given suspended jail sentences of two years, ordered to each do 420 hours of community service and pay a fine of US$500 each.
The six activists were convicted in the Harare Magistrates Court on March 19 of trumped-up charges of “conspiracy to commit public violence”. They had faced up to 10 years' imprisonment, a sentence demanded by the state prosecutor, Edmore Nyazamba.
While the decision not to jail the activists is a victory for freedom of speech and assembly, the suspended sentence is on condition that no “similar offence” is committed in the next five years. This is a clear attempt to gag the activists, who will appeal against it. One of the six, the general coordinator of the International Socialist Organization Zimbabwe (ISO), Munyaradzi Gwisai, told supporters after the sentencing, “It won't intimidate us. It will not deter us. I have no regrets.”
The six were part of a group of 45 people arrested in Harare after an ISO-organised meeting that showed a video of the mass protests against dictatorships in Egypt and Tunisia. The 45 were imprisoned, tortured and prevented from receiving prescription drugs and medical attention. One of the activists, David Mpatsi, later died after this treatment by the police.
Melbourne picket, March 20, 2012. Photos by Ali Bakhtiavandi.Made with Slideshow Embed Tool.
As a result of international protests, all but six of the 45 were eventually released. The six kept in jail were Gwisai, Tafadzwa Antonater Choto, Hopewell Gumbo (former president of the Zimbabwe National Students Union), Welcome Zimuto (Zimbabwe National Students Union), Tatenda Mombeyara (Zimbabwe Labor Center) and Edson Chakuma (United Food and Allied Workers Union). They endured another 27 days of police brutality before being granted bail on stringent conditions. The police involved in their torture have yet to be brought to account.
The “Zimbabwe 6” were accused by the state of fomenting an uprising against the regime of President Robert Mugabe, and charged with treason and “subverting a constitutionally elected government”. These charges carried a possible death sentence and were part of a crackdown by the Mugabe government against opposition activists in the run-up to possible elections later this year.
Following international solidarity and public protests by activists within Zimbabwe, the charges of treason were dropped and replaced by the charge of “conspiracy to commit public violence”.
That the activists were found guilty even of this lesser charge was a surprise to many, as the prosecution's case had been collapsing due to lack of both evidence and credibility. For example, the state's main witness, a spy at the film screening, was exposed by the defence as being Rodwell Chitiyo from Zimbabwe's secret police, and the state prosecutor, Edmore Nyazamba, had claimed that “the date had been set” for the supposed “uprising” being organised by the six.
In calling for the harshest possible sentencing of the activists, Nyazamba went so far as to argue that in Biblical times these activists would have been stoned, adding “Those who revolted against authority were swallowed up when the ground opened up. Their families, including their cats and dogs, were not spared.”
On March 20, solidarity protests demanding that the activists be released and the convictions overturned took place in Melbourne, Toronto, London, New York, Johannesburg and Vienna. Statements condemning the convictions were issued by Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch. The international solidarity and the courageous support for the activists shown by ordinary people in Zimbabwe forced Zimbabwe's “opposition” party, the Movement for Democratic Change, to also speak out – at the very last minute – against the persecution of the activists.
On the day of sentencing, the court gallery in Harare was packed with supporters, and hundreds more, including trade unionists, students and other community members, defied intimidation by rows of riot police assembled at the court gates to protest outside.
The year of consistent pressure from within and outside Zimbabwe undoubtedly had an impact, but even the reduced sentence it won is an injustice. The campaign now is to have the convictions overturned so that these activists, and all people in Zimbabwe, can exercise their fundamental human right to speak out and organise against state repression and injustice.
The Zimbabwe 6 are appealing for urgent international help to pay the US$3000 in fines. Donations can be made at: http://freethezimbabwe45.chipin.com/free-the-zimbabwe-45-fund.
[Lisa Macdonald is a member of the Socialist Alliance (Australia) international relations committee. They helped coordinate the Socialist Alliance's participation in the international solidarity campaign.]
For days, Donald Trump's supporters in conservative media were gearing up for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange's press conference today that they believed would doom Hillary Clinton's campaign.
No one was more excited than Alex Jones, an outspoken supporter of Trump who has hosted the GOP candidate on their show, and Roger Stone, an informal adviser to Trump and frequent Jones guest.
On Sunday, Jones reported that “Roger is saying that this is ‘the end of Hillary on Wednesday' and I agree.”
Stone told Jones' InfoWars network that “the motherlode is coming Wednesday…it's handcuff time.” The next day, Stone expressed confidence that Assange would “deliver the payload” that would bring down Clinton, tweeting:
Trump ally Wayne Allyn Root similarly assured their fans that Assange was set to release “devastating info on Hillary. That's assuming Obama & Hillary don't murder them w/drone strike overnight.” They also said that they were staying up to watch Assange's announcement—“it's like staying up for Christmas!”—and wondered if Clinton would need to receive an “adrenaline shot” when they got the news of Assange's big announcement.
Just before Assange started their remarks, Jones waited with bated breath.
“We better hear some major dirt,” they said. “I've been told by Stone and others that have been in contact with them that we're about to get ‘devastation of the Clintons.' We're up at 4 a.m. Central.”
But their confidence that Assange would release a “devastating coup de grace” and “deathblow” to Clinton quickly subsided when it became apparent that Assange was only announcing that they would release new information in the future, although not necessarily connected to Clinton.
Jones, who switched between screaming, singing and rapping during their commentary, was not pleased with Assange's address, warning them that Clinton is trying to murder them and even tying their newfound contempt for the “Wiki-turds” founder back to their conspiracy theory that Michelle Obama is transgender: “Of the two trannies, they have definitely got the bigger gun.”
They added: “Julian Assange is a Hillary butt plug, Assange is a Hillary butt probe.”
Eventually, Jones channeled Ludacris:
You better release it all within 12 hours or you're done. We've been Wiki-rolled. Who bought them TVs, bitch, tell me that? Move, bitch, get out the way. Get out the way, bitch, get out the way. Move, bitch, get out the way, I mean, you get out the way man. You think you bitched us? You think you rolled us? You ain't seen nothing yet, Assange. I'm rolling Hillary. I'm the dark heart. We ain't backing down. Just because you're a fake chump don't mean we are. Get ready!
“We're not losers because we got trolled by Julian Assange,” Jones said, calling Assange's press conference “hammered shit” and “Hillary's ‘October Surprise.'”
“You released nothing,” they continued. “You trolled the world…. I am embarrassed, I feel chumped, I feel trolled.”
Naturally, Jones suspected that Assange has now joined forces with the evil globalists.
“I think they've gotten to Assange and promised them some type of immunity deal if they roll over, I think that deal's been made.”
MILWAUKEE — There's a big game Tuesday evening, July 14th at Miller Park — but this isn't a baseball game! Instead, it's a soccer matchup between Newcastle United and Club Atlas. Ahead of the match, FOX6 News caught up with a group pushing for a professional soccer team in Wisconsin.
The Milwaukee Barons organized the “Miller Park March” and a tailgate in the Miller Park parking lot in an effort to prove that Wisconsin can support a high-level professional outdoor soccer team.
The Barons are an independent supporters group focused on uniting the community in an effort to bring a true professional soccer team to the state.
“We're serious about wanting a team and supporting a team,” James Moran, executive director of the Milwaukee Soccer Development Group, from which the Milwaukee Barons were born.
The tailgate was set to begin at 5:00 p.m., followed by the march at 7:30 p.m. The tailgate was a fundraiser for the Milwaukee Soccer Development Group and included a DJ, soccer-related games and injury prevention assessments. It was also an opportunity to raise awareness about the Milwaukee Barons and the effort to bring a soccer team to this state.
The Milwaukee Barons are hoping to reach a goal of 5,000 season ticket pledges to prove that our state is ready for a professional soccer team.
“For this to be successful, for this to be a true, grassroots movement, we need everybody from the community. I need the soccer players down at the lakefront. I need the soccer players down on the southside. Everybody, in all these different leagues, to come and support it. We want to prove to investors that we're ready to support a team, and they've challenged us. I've been personally challenged to come up with 5,000 pledges for season tickets,” Moran said.
Moran says Tuesday's event at Miller Park provided an opportunity to push for pledges — with Milwaukee's ‘soccer pubs' (the Highbury Pub, the Three Lions Pub, the Upper 90 Sports Pub and Red Lion Pub) selling $20 tailgate tickets to raise money.
“They're donating $5 from every ticket to the Milwaukee Soccer Development Group,” Moran said.
The soccer matchup between Newcastle United and Club Atlas was scheduled to begin at 8:00 p.m.
CLICK HERE to learn more about the Milwaukee Soccer Development Group.
The biggest enemies facing U.S. Senate Republicans in raising the H-1B cap are Senate Republicans.
The Senate's two top Republican critics of temporary worker immigration, specifically the H-1B and L-1 visas, now hold the two most important immigration posts in the Senate.
They are Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), who heads the Senate's Judiciary Committee, and their committee underling, Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), who was appointed by Grassley on Thursday to head the immigration subcommittee.
Grassley has been the Republican's most tenacious and unwavering critic of the H-1B program and has tried to curb use by offshore outsourcers, in particular. Sessions, however, may emerge as the Senate's most vociferous and fiery H-1B opponent.
Sessions, late Thursday, issued a statement about their new role as immigration subcommittee chairperson, and said the committee “will give voice to those whose voice has been shut out,” and that includes “the voice of the American IT workers who are being replaced with guest workers.”
Sessions last week accused the tech industry of perpetuating a “hoax” by claiming there is a shortage of qualified U.S. tech workers.
“The tech industry's promotion of expanded temporary visas–such as the H-1B–and green cards is driven by its desire for cheap, young and immobile labor,” wrote Sessions, in a memo they sent last week to fellow lawmakers.
Last summer, Sessions attacked Microsoft's push for more H-1B visas as it laid off 18,000 employees. Now, as subcommittee chairperson, Sessions will have the ability to conduct investigations and hold oversight hearings.
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin (R) denounced the Bush family as "blue bloods" in an interview posted Wednesday and remarked that a mentality like theirs helped to cause the economic downturn.
Them comment came in response to a statement made by former first lady Barbara Bush during an interview with CNN's Larry King earlier this week. Asked for their take on Palin, Bush told King: "I think she's very happy in Alaska, and I hope she'll stay there."
Conservative radio host Laura Ingraham followed up with Palin, asking if they thought Bush's comment had been planned ahead of time. Palin had this to say:
"I don't want to sort of concede that we have to get used to this kind of thing because I think the majority of Americans don't want to put up with the blue bloods — and I say it with all due respect because I love the Bushes — but the blue bloods who want to pick and choose their winners instead of allowing competition to pick and choose the winners."
They then invoked the economic crisis to explain them point.
"They [blue bloods] kind of do some of this with the economic policies that were in place that got us into these economic woeful times, too," Palin said. "So I don't know if that kind of stuff is planned out but it is what it is. We deal with it, and we forge ahead and we keep doing what we're doing."
They and Ingraham also discussed first lady Michelle Obama Michelle LeVaughn Robinson ObamaFive political moments to watch for at the Oscars Former patients accuse ex-Fox News medical pundit of sexual exploitation Obama attends UNC-Duke basketball game MORE, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) and Palin's daughter Bristol's experience as a contestant on "Dancing with the Stars."
The interview was posted Wednesday. Listen to it here.
The Gering Kiwanis will host its 12th annual Family Fun Day Saturday, Oct. 7, from 10 am. to 2 p.m., at Legacy of the Plains in Gering.
“We will have a lot of family friendly games,” said Kiwanian Rick Myers, co-coordinator of the event. “Since its the Nebraska-Wisconsin game Saturday, we'll have a Cornhusker-Badger football game, where everyone will get to launch potatoes at Badger targets.”
There will also be a pedal tractor course, a hay bale fort, and a pumpkin patch. The Nebraska Game and Parks will be at the event with archery and Makinzie Gregory, Miss Old West Balloon Fest queen, will be signing autographs and sharing them platform.
“This is our major fundraising event,” Myers said. “We have a lot of projects we support throughout the year, post prom, pup-pack, cat-packs, safe kids, just a variety of kid friendly activities.”
The NPNRD will also be at the fun day, with volunteers from the Nebraska Conservation Education Fund/AmeriCorps Common Ground Program to do hands-on activities learning about pollinators.
“Kids can come to our booth learn about the different pollinators and make little bees out of pipe-cleaners,” said Bob Wolf, information and education coordinator for the North Platte NRD. “Then they'll be able to go to different flowers around the Legacy of the Plains, to demonstrate how pollinators go from plant to plant and how pollinating works.”
A hot dog lunch will be available for $5, and pumpkins will be on sale.
Admission for the day is $3 per vehicle.
Attention! This news was published on the old version of the website. There may be some problems with news display in specific browser versions.
Tanker's Day Specials!
Download Wallpaper: 1280 | 1920 | 2560
This weekend, from 16:30 GMT on the 11th of September
till 07:00 GMT on the 14th of September
Win the SU-76M of the 5th Guards Cavalry Corps
and participate in the “Tug of War”Arcade Event!
Play War Thunder and complete special tasks. In each type of the ground vehicle (light, medium, heavy tanks and tank destroyers) you will have to complete 3 stages:
1. Destroy 30 (for AB) enemy vehicles. 15 for RB and SB
2. Destroy 60 (for AB) enemy vehicles. 30 for RB and SB
3. Destroy 100 (for AB) enemy vehicles. 50 for RB and SB
For each completed stage you will receive a “SU-76M 5th Gv.Kav.Corps Resupply Box” , which contain one of the following items:
"Destroy 10 units" wager
Random +40% RP or SL booster for 10 battles
Random "Order"
Random back-up vehicle x5 for ranks I-III for USSR
Discount for one of the premium ground vehicles
SU-76M 5th Gv.Kav.Corps
With each opened “Resupply Box”, the probability of obtaining the most valuable content increases. If you complete all 12 tasks, you are guaranteed to receive the main prize - a SU-76M 5th Gv.Kav.Corps with unique decals..
If you don't have enough time to complete some tasks and receive the premium vehicle, you can purchase the same “SU-76M 5th Gv.Kav.Corps Resupply Box” using the in-game shop (available soon until the 15th of September)!
Question: Is it possible to win the main prize (SU-76M) if I complete less than 12 tasks?
Answer: Yes, it is possible. You are guaranteed to receive the premium “SU-76M” in one of twelve “Resupply Boxes” - and each time, the probability of obtaining it will be increased. You may also skip some tasks, but purchase the “SU-76M 5th Gv.Kav.Corps Resupply Box” using the in-game store.
You can unlock 12 resupply boxes if you complete 9 of the tasks in game and purchase 3 boxes using the in-game shop.
Do you remember how to use towing cable?
You need to as It will be useful in the challenge!
Welcome to a new experimental event.
The main goal is to evacuate Gepard SPAA. The vehicle's engine is out of service so the only way to deliver it is to use the towing cable to drag it to your team's zone.
The enemy team will do everything to prevent you from doing it and towing is not an easy task on rough surfaces - if you want to be the one who does it you will need to choose a vehicle with a powerful engine and enough mass.
The main victory condition is that enemy team should lose all its points.
You can do it by delivering the “disputed” tank to the special zone for your team. As soon as the above named vehicle reaches the zone - your enemy starts to lose points.
Terms:
1 of 13 View Captions
Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Senator Mark Madsen, R-Salt Lake, speaks about their bill, SB259 - Medical Cannabis Amen Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Senator Mark Madsen, R-Salt Lake reacts with some emotion as they listen to sixteen yea Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Emily Campbell hugs their daughter Maddy after Maddy spoke at a press conference about S Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Forrest Shaw speaks in favor of Senator Mark Madsen's bill, SB259 - Medical Cannabis A Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Aaron Campbell speaks at a press conference after Senator Madsen's bill, SB259 - Medic Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Senator Daniel Thatcher, R-Toole speaks out in opposition to Senator Madsen's bill, SB Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Former Attorney General Mark Shurtleff attended the committee meeting as Senator Madse Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Tenille Farr laughs along with Sen. Mark Madsen, R-Saratoga Springs, after they mistake Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Aaron Campbell speaks during the committee meeting considering Senator Mark Madsen's b Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Many members of the public, including Aaron Campbell, center, raised their hands as th Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Senator Madsen, R-Salt Lake, presents their bill, SB259 - Medical Cannabis Amendments - Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Sixteen year-old Maddy Campbell speaks at a press conference after Senator Madsen's bi Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Christine Stenquist reacts with delight as Sen. Mark Madsen's bill, SB259 - Medical Ca
The February issue of Square Enix's Shonen Gangan magazine revealed on Saturday that a manga series adaptation of A Certain Magical Index movie, Toaru Majutsu no Index: Endymion no Kiseki (A Certain Magical Index: The Miracle of Endymion), will begin in the next issue on February 12. Ryōsuke Asakura is drawing the manga (pictured in the lower left corner of the image).
Kazuma Kamachi's original Toaru Majutsu no Index novel series already inspired other ongoing manga, including Chūya Kogino's main adaptation of the novels and Motoi Fuyukawa's A Certain Scientific Railgun spin-off manga which focuses on the character Mikoto Misaka. Seven Seas Entertainment publishes the Railgun manga in North America. Funimation licensed the television anime adaptations of both Index and Railgun .
In the movie's all-new story, the main characters Touma Kamijo and Index encounter a level 0 girl named Arisa just before the completion of the Academy City space elevator "Endymion." The Magicians are after Arisa, and they attack Academy City. A female leader named Shattoaura leads a unit from Academy City against the attack. Touma and Index learn from Stiyl that Arisa is key to a brewing war between the sides of Magic and Science.
The film will open in Japan on February 23.
[Via Crazy Japan News]
The majority of Canadians say they're worried if Donald Trump becomes U.S. president, according to a new poll.
The survey conducted by Leger for Montreal dailies Le Journal de Montréal and Le Devoir asked 1,524 Canadians from across the country about the upcoming U.S. presidential elections.
The majority of Canadians are worried this man could become the next U.S. president. (Photo: Reuters)
While Trump was among the most well-known contenders, 70 per cent of Canadians said they held a bad opinion of him. A majority of respondents — 65 per cent — said they were worried about them becoming president.
When asked who they believed would become the next U.S. president, Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton led by a wide margin with 55 per cent of responses. Trump came in second with 19 per cent, and Democratic Sen. Bernie Sanders came next with 11 per cent.
Feeling the Bern?
Sanders is considered to be the socialist candidate in the U.S. presidential race, and many of their policies are considered to be either the status quo or less progressive than what's been implemented in Canada.
NDP MP Niki Ashton recently tweeted their support for their campaign.
And last Wednesday, NDP Leader Thomas Mulcair referenced Clinton and Sanders' opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal during question period.
But Canadians were still split on Sanders, with 31 per cent saying they had a positive opinion of him, 26 per cent having no opinion, and 36 per cent saying they didn't know who they are.
Every other candidate received less than five per cent of the vote, which may be due in part to the fact that many respondents didn't know who they were.
For example, only two per cent of respondents believed junior Republican Sen. Marco Rubio would become the next U.S. president, but 47 per cent of candidates didn't know who they are.
The online survey, which was conducted Feb. 1-4, has a margin of error of 2.1 per cent, 19 times out of 20.
Like Us On Facebook
Also on HuffPost
CHICAGO -- Bulls executive vice president John Paxson said Wednesday that it's "unlikely" the Bulls will make a move before the Feb. 20 trade deadline.
"We've got the trade deadline a week from now," Paxson said. "You have to put yourself in the other team's position -- people don't just give up great players. So we obviously talk and keep our eyes and ears open, but to anticipate something's going to happen, I don't think that's likely, to be honest with you."
There has been plenty of speculation about a potential trade for the New York Knicks' Carmelo Anthony, but neither Paxson nor general manager Gar Forman made it seem as if a deal for Anthony, or any other star player, is in the offing over the next week.
"I think it's still early," Forman said. "But this time of year we're in contact with all 29 teams. You're trying to get a feel of what's going on in the landscape, what's going on around the league, and see if there are opportunities with other teams where it could be a win-win situation for both teams.
"Obviously at this point nothing's presented itself, but we'll continue to look at things for the next week till the deadline comes."
Injured Bulls star Derrick Rose deflected talk of a major roster shakeup either by the trade deadline or this summer, when Anthony will be a free agent.
"That's the last thing [on my mind]," Rose said. "I work out six days a week so I don't got time to think about basketball like that."
Forman remains optimistic about the Bulls' position heading into the summer. If the final year of Carlos Boozer's contract is amnestied, the Bulls keep their first-round pick and the Charlotte Bobcats' first-round pick and if they make the playoffs, the Bulls would have about $11 million in cap space, according to ESPN capologist Larry Coon.
"With that said, we do think we're well-positioned going into the summer," Forman said. "We've got the possibility of a couple first-round picks. We've got the possibility of some flexibility. Like I've said all along, the core of guys that we have we like, so we think we're well situated going into the summer and into the future."
Forman said they are taking -- and making -- lots of calls this time of year.
"I think it's both," Forman said, when asked they were taking more calls or making them. "And I'm not trying to be evasive, but we'll make some calls to get a feel on some things that might be of interest to us and then we also receive a lot of calls on our players."
Encrypting the web is not an easy task. Various complexities prevent websites from migrating from HTTP to HTTPS, including mixed content, which can prevent sites from functioning with HTTPS.
Opportunistic Encryption provides an additional level of security to websites that have not yet moved to HTTPS and the performance benefits of HTTP/2. Users will not see a security indicator for HTTPS in the address bar when visiting a site using Opportunistic Encryption, but the connection from the browser to the server is encrypted.
In December 2015, CloudFlare introduced HTTP/2, the latest version of HTTP, that can result in improved performance for websites. HTTP/2 can't be used without encryption, and before now, that meant HTTPS. Opportunistic Encryption, based on an IETF draft, enables servers to accept HTTP requests over an encrypted connection, allowing HTTP/2 connections for non-HTTPS sites. This is a first.
Combined with TLS 1.3 and HTTP/2 Server Push, Opportunistic Encryption can result in significant performance gains, while also providing security benefits.
Opportunistic Encryption is now available to all CloudFlare customers, enabled by default for Free and Pro plans. The option is available in the Crypto tab of the CloudFlare dashboard:
How it works
Opportunistic Encryption uses HTTP Alternative Services, a mechanism that allows servers to tell clients that the service they are accessing is available at another network location or over another protocol. When a supporting browser makes a request to a CloudFlare site with Opportunistic Encryption enabled, CloudFlare adds an Alternative Service header to indicate that the site is available over HTTP/2 (or SPDY) on port 443.
For customers with HTTP/2 enabled:
Alt-Svc: h2=”:443”; ma=60
For customers with HTTP/2 disabled:
Alt-Svc: spdy/3.1=”:443”; ma=60
This header simply states that the domain can be authoritatively accessed using HTTP/2 (“h2”) or SPDY 3.1 (“spdy/3.1”) at the same network address, over port 443 (the standard HTTPS port). The field “ma” (max-age) indicates how long in seconds the client should remember the existence of the alternative service.
CC BY-SA 2.0 image by Evan Jackson
When Firefox (or any other browser that supports Opportunistic Encryption) receives an “h2” Alt-Svc header, it knows that the site is available using HTTP/2 over TLS on port 443. For any subsequent HTTP requests to that domain, the browser will connect using TLS on port 443, where the server will present a certificate for the domain signed by a trusted certificate authority. The browser will then validate the certificate. If the connection succeeds, the browser will send the requests over that connection using HTTP/2.
Opportunistically encrypted requests will contain “http” in the :scheme pseudo-header instead of “https”. From a bit-on-the-wire perspective, this pseudo-header is the only difference between HTTP requests with Opportunistic Encryption over TLS and HTTPS. However, there is a big difference between how browsers treat assets fetched using HTTP vs. HTTPS URLs (as discussed below).
HTTP Alternative Services is a relatively new but widely used mechanism. For example, Alt-Svc is used by Google to advertise support for their experimental transport protocol, QUIC, to browsers in much the same way as we use it to advertise support for Opportunistic Encryption.
Why not just use HTTPS?
CloudFlare enables HTTPS by default for customers on all plans using Universal SSL. However, some sites choose to continue to allow access to their sites via unencrypted HTTP. The main reason for this is mixed content. If a site contains references to HTTP images, or makes requests to HTTP URLs via embedded scripts, browsers will present warnings or even block requests outright, often breaking the functionality of the site.
CC BY 2.0 image by Blondinrikard Fröberg
Making sure a site can be fully migrated to HTTPS can be a manual and time-consuming process. It can require someone to manually inspect every page on a site or set up a Content Security Policy (CSP) reporting infrastructure, a complex task. Even after all this work, fixing mixed content issues may require changes in middleware or content management software that can't be easily updated. Later this week, we'll introduce Automatic HTTPS Rewrites, which helps fix mixed content for many sites, but not all. Some mixed content can't be fixed because the included third party resources (such as ads) that are not available over HTTPS. Websites that can't update fully to HTTPS will benefit most from Opportunistic Encryption.
With Opportunistic Encryption, supporting browsers can choose to access an HTTP site using HTTP/2 over an encrypted connection instead of HTTP/1.1 over plaintext (the default).
Security Benefits
It's no secret that network operators have access to the data that travels through their equipment. This access can be used to modify data: ISPs have been caught injecting unwanted data (such as advertisements and tracking cookies) into unencrypted requests. Countries routinely filter content by inspecting HTTP headers in unencrypted traffic, and China's Great Cannon injected malicious code into unencrypted websites. Access to data in transit can also be used to perform dragnet surveillance, where vast swaths of data is collected and then shipped to a central location for analysis.
Opportunistic Encryption does not fully protect against attackers who can simply remove the header that signals support for Opportunistic Encryption to the browser. However, once an opportunistically encrypted connection is established all requests sent over the connection are encrypted and cannot be read (or modified) by prying eyes.
Terminology is hard
Tim Berners-Lee initiated the development of HTTP in the late 1980s to facilitate the transfer of documents from servers to clients. Both websites and browsers were rudimentary compared to the today's web ecosystem. The concept of web security was practically non-existent.
From the original 1989 paper:
As the use cases of the web expanded to include sensitive data transactions, some security was needed. Multiple encryption schemes were developed to help secure HTTP, including S-HTTP and the eventual winner, HTTPS.
Originally, the difference between HTTP and HTTPS was one of layering. In HTTP, messages were written to the network directly, and in HTTPS, a secure connection was established between the client and server using SSL (an encryption and authentication protocol), and standard HTTP messages were written to the encrypted connection. Browsers signaled HTTP websites with an open lock icon, whereas HTTPS websites received a closed lock. Later, SSL evolved into TLS, although people sometimes still refer to it as SSL.
As websites became much more complex, embedded scripts and dynamic content became commonplace. Serving insecure content on a secure web page was identified as a risk and HTTPS started to take on a more nuanced meaning. Rather than just HTTP on an encrypted connection, HTTPS meant secure HTTP. For example, cookies became a popular way to store state in the client for managing web sessions. Cookies obtained over a secure connection were not allowed to be sent over insecure HTTP or modified by data obtained over HTTP. New privacy-sensitive features now require HTTPS (such as the Location API). This distinction between HTTP and HTTPS has been further codified by the W3C, the standards body in charge of the web, in their Secure Contexts document.
To break it down:
HTTP is a protocol for transferring hypertext
TLS/SSL is a protocol for encrypted communication
HTTPS is a protocol for transferring secure hypertext
HTTP HTTPS Unencrypted ✔️ ❌ Encrypted with TLS ✔️ ✔️
Opportunistic Encryption is the bottom left ✔️. While only HTTPS sites are treated as secure by the browser (as indicated by a green lock security indicator), encrypted HTTP is preferable to unencrypted HTTP.
Browser support
All versions of Firefox since Firefox 38 (May 2015) have supported Opportunistic Encryption in its original form (without certificate validation). Firefox has recently added support for certificate validation in Firefox Nightly and will support it in an upcoming official release. We believe that Opportunistic Encryption is a meaningful advance in web security. We hope that other browsers follow Firefox's lead and enable Opportunistic Encryption.
To be clear, Opportunistic Encryption is not a replacement for HTTPS. HTTPS should always be used when both strong encryption and authentication are required. For sites that don't have the resources to fully move to HTTPS, Opportunistic Encryption can help, providing both added security and performance. Every bit counts.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange requires WikiLeaks staff to sign a confidentiality agreement that claims the organization's collection of leaked documents is “solely the property of WikiLeaks,” according to a published report.
The confidentiality agreement says that unpublished documents leaked to the organization are “valuable proprietary commercial information, the misuse or unauthorized disclosure of which would be likely to cause us considerable damage.”
The legal agreement was leaked to the New Statesman and published Wednesday [PDF].
Clause 5 of the confidentiality agreement imposes a penalty of 12 million British pounds, nearly $20 million, on anyone who breaches this legal gag, claiming the extraordinary penalty is based on “a typical open market valuation.”
New Statesman‘s David Allen Green said the confidentiality agreement was a sign that WikiLeaks perceived itself as a commercial organization that intends to make a profit off the materials others leak to it.
“One suspects that the various brave and well-intentioned people who have provided the leaked information would be quite unaware of – and perhaps horrified by – the express commercial intentions of WikiLeaks, as evidenced by this document,” they noted.
Assange had previously threatened to sue the British newspaper The Guardian if it published stories based on documents leaked to WikiLeaks before they gave their permission.
They later threatened to sue the newspaper again after it published a book about its collaboration with him. Assange said the book contained “malicious libels,” apparently because it noted they initially refused to remove the names of informants mentioned in Afghan war documents.
“The irony of an organization dedicated to the free and open flow of information threatening to sue a newspaper will be lost on no one,” a spokesperson for The Guardian said.
RARITAN TWP.  The decade-long faculty adviser to Hunterdon Central High School's award-winning student newspaper has quit over a new school board policy that requires the administration's review of The Lamp's content prior to publication.
English teacher Tom McHale submitted their resignation as adviser on May 20, after an appeal to have the board amend the policy failed.
“Sad day,” begins McHale's May 20 post on their Facebook page, which included their letter of resignation.
“I've worked for the last ten years guiding kids to think critically and to make responsible and ethical decisions based on principles of journalism,” McHale wrote. “This year, however, prior review was instituted for the first time during my tenure." The policy, McHale wrote, "diminishes the educational value of being a member of The Lamp.”
On Dec. 17, the paper was awarded first place in Division A of the Garden State Scholastic Press Association's 2012 newspaper contest. Division A includes the state's largest schools.
In their resignation letter, McHale wrote that the policy demonstrates a lack of trust in the student journalists and lack of respect for the extra-curricular newspaper, which pays for its print edition without funds from the school and is produced entirely outside of the school day.
McHale resigned after a recent meeting among Lamp managing staff. “Mr. McHale feels very passionately about the detriments that prior review has on scholastic journalism,” student editor-in-chief Ilana Cederbaum wrote in an email on May 24.
“He decided to resign from the position as adviser because they felt they couldn't morally sit idly by with prior review in place,” Ilana wrote.
In their resignation letter, McHale told school officials that the paper has been weakened by the policy. “I've seen the staff become more cautious in what they cover for fear of it not getting approved which would cause a further disruption to their production schedule. I've watched the impact it has made on the attitude of the staff towards their work and the administration.”
“I cannot in all good conscience, continue in my role as adviser,” McHale wrote. “What is being lost is too great for me to sit idly by and condone it with my presence.”
More than two dozen of McHale's Facebook friends, many who identified themselves as former students and Lamp members, responded to their post with praise for their integrity and incredulity over the policy.
McHale did not return requests for comment.
Stay with NJ.com for updates to this story.
More Hunterdon County news: NJ.com/hunterdon • Facebook • Twitter
Welcome to the latest edition of The Sunday Recap, a weekly column dedicated to thoughts on the previous day's NFL action!
Separating the Contenders from the Pretenders in a Stacked NFC
If it wasn't clear before, it is clear now after this past Sunday. The NFC is absolutely loaded. Ten teams currently have a winning record, and as many as six of them will enter Week 11 at least three games over .500 (Carolina is 6-3 entering its game against Miami tonight). But without a doubt, the two teams that stood out the most yesterday were New Orleans and Minnesota.
So much for my theory that the Saints' offense isn't as potent in the elements. Drew Brees and company stormed into chilly Buffalo and put up 47 points on a Bills scoring-defense ranked 6th in the NFL entering this past week. Ironically, Brees themselves didn't even throw a touchdown. Although the future Hall of Famer did run for one, New Orleans' dynamic duo of Mark Ingram and Alvin Kamara each totaled over 100 yards on the ground and ran for four touchdowns combined.
Meanwhile, Minnesota put together an equally impressive offensive showing in its 38-30 win at Washington. The underrated Case Keenum picked a nice time to have arguably their strongest performance of the season. With former starter Teddy Bridgewater suited up behind them for the first time since their devastating knee injury, the former undrafted free agent threw a career-high four touchdowns, two of which went to the uncoverable Adam Thielen, another undrafted free agent who now ranks 3rd in the NFL in receiving yards after a 166-yard day against the Redskins' secondary.
Neither of these teams have lost since October 1st, which makes you wonder whether both of these 7-2 squads may be Super Bowl bound. I'll start with my thoughts on the Saints, whose prospects look a tad brighter. What is New Orleans' weakness, exactly? They have absolutely no concerns on the offensive end, provided everyone stays healthy. Drew Brees has been their usual self, as they are on pace to finish with a quarterback rating north of 100 for the seventh time in their illustrious career. Yet as we saw on Sunday, the Saints' biggest strength may be its running game, which is anchored upfront by likely All-Pro center Max Unger and stud rookie tackle Ryan Ramczyk. And how about their defense? That unit has easily been one of the biggest surprises in football, as the New Orleans D, which ranked 31st in efficiency last year, now measures as one of the ten best in the league. Nine games is enough of a sample to confirm that this is no fluke, either.
I can easily envision New Orleans representing the NFC in Minneapolis this year for Super Bowl LII. Can the same be said about the team looking to lift the Lombardi trophy on their home field? For starters, Minnesota is certainly one of the more well-rounded teams in the NFL. Its offense has been surprisingly effective this year even though it lost both its starting quarterback (Sam Bradford) and running back (Dalvin Cook). And the Vikings' defense is unequivocally one of the stingiest in the league. With Pro Bowlers Harrison Smith and Xavier Rhodes patrolling the secondary, Minnesota is allowing just 18.3 points per game.
The problem for the Vikings, though, lies at the quarterback position. There are rumblings that Teddy Bridgewater may eventually reclaim their starting job, although that would be foolish for head coach Mike Zimmer to allow for two reasons. First, it's likely that Bridgewater would be rusty after such an extended absence. And second, Keenum has played really well this season. Thanks largely to their ability to minimize turnovers and avoid taking sacks, they now have the 3rd best Total Quarterback Rating in the NFL after their outstanding performance against Washington.
Yet even though I think Zimmer should stay the course with their current quarterback, can anyone really picture Case Keenum–whose career record as a starter was 9-16 entering this season–quarterbacking in a Super Bowl? I can't. But that's probably a biased judgement on my part. After all, plenty of “lousy” quarterbacks have played in the Super Bowl. A few off the top of my head: Trent Dilfer, Brad Johnson, Rex Grossman, and the 2015-version of Peyton Manning. Of course, three of those four asupervisorstioned quarterbacks ultimately led their teams to titles, as well.
If you concealed the names of every starting quarterback and looked solely at their stats, it would make perfect sense to see a quarterback who ranks 3rd in Total QBR take a team to the Super Bowl. Keenum is an integral part of an above-average Minnesota offense that has continued to impress despite playing the NFL's 5th-toughest slate of opposing defenses, according to Football Outsiders. Combined with their elite defense, the Vikings have a legitimate chance to play on their home field in Super Bowl LII, although I would put my money on Brees and the Saints, as well as Carson Wentz's Philadelphia Eagles, before placing a bet on Keenum and company.
So New Orleans and Minnesota are Legit — Who Else in the NFC Can Compete for a Super Bowl?
For starters, there is no doubt that the 8-1 Eagles sit atop the NFC hierarchy at this point. No need for an in-depth discussion: they are well-coached, well-quarterbacked, and formidable in the trenches. Philadelphia remains the favorite to win the conference.
But the other team I want to lump in the same category as the Saints and Vikings is Los Angeles. Yet again, the Rams notched another commanding win, albeit over a Texans team in freefall after losing Deshaun Watson. Regardless, LA now has four wins by at least 21 points after beating Houston 33-7. Jared Goff threw three touchdowns without an interception in the victory — they now have a terrific 16/4 touchdown-to-interception ratio on the season. Defensive tackle Aaron Donald also recorded another sack. The two-time All-Pro figures to remain in the thick of the Defensive Player of the Year race until season's end.
The Rams entered the week ranked number one in Football Outsiders' DVOA metric, which measures team efficiency adjusted for opponent strength. They're a contender, although I have my doubts about Jared Goff in January in the event LA finds themselves on the road at, say, Philadelphia, where it could be freezing.
There's a drop-off after the four asupervisorstioned teams. So I suppose you could call this the “pretender” category. First there is Seattle. The Seahawks were looking good a couple weeks ago, but after losing Richard Sherman to a season-ending achilles injury, the Legion of Boom no longer strikes the same fear in opposing offenses. Plus, as evidenced by their loss to Washington, I think the Seahawks have lost some of their home-field mystique. Combined with an offensive line that continuously puts Russell Wilson into uncomfortable positions, Seattle is no longer a threat to win the NFC.
Next there is Carolina. The Panthers may be 6-3 and possess one of the better defenses in the NFL, but they've had to grind out many of their victories. With an offense that ranks in the bottom half in many offensive categories, I don't expect them to make much noise in the playoffs. On a similar note, I don't see big things in store for Matthew Stafford and the 5-4 Lions either. Detroit doesn't do anything particularly well offensively (17th in passing; 32nd in rushing) and its defense is good, but certainly not great (it ranks 11th in opponent yards per play). The Lions are simply overshadowed by a group of superior teams in the NFC.
Then there are two intriguing teams currently on the outside looking in: Atlanta and Dallas. The Falcons prevailed against the Cowboys yesterday in big fashion, with Matt Ryan responding to an early 7-0 deficit by leading the defending NFC champs to 27 unanswered points. I said in my Week 10 predictions article that Atlanta was likely due for a breakout offensively seeing that it led the NFL in yards per play entering the week, yet ranked only 17th in points per game. Well, it appears the turnaround may be in motion, as the Falcons posted their highest point total since Week 3. This makes Atlanta dangerous because if its offense can regain its form, it will potentially make all of the higher seeds nervous in the first two rounds of the playoffs.
The real story from this game, however, was how the Cowboys offense was dominated by the Atlanta defense. Adrian Clayborn, where did they come from? The rotational edge rusher had six sacks and was easily the biggest reason why Dallas was held to its lowest point total of the season. So should the Cowboys be worried? Yes, they should. Dallas ran for a respectable 93 yards on the ground, but considering it was up against a 29th-ranked Falcons run defense, that isn't all that impressive. The Cowboys clearly missed Ezekiel Elliott, and with a schedule that ranks as the 6th-toughest the rest of the way, I bet Dallas will ultimately be the odd team out in the NFC playoff picture despite being a team that none of the contenders would want to play should the Cowboys make the postseason.
Monday Night Prediction
Miami Dolphins vs Carolina Panthers
Spread: CAR -9 Over/Under: 38
DVOA: MIA (31) < CAR (14)
Neither offense inspires much confidence: Carolina ranks 24th in scoring; Miami 32nd. But I trust the Panthers' stout defense to shut down Jay Cutler and company, although I think the nine-point spread is a little high.
Carolina 24, MIAMI 17
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
A man in Taiwan was reportedly rushed to hospital on Boxing Day (Tuesday, 26 December) after one of their testicles was bitten off by their wife during an aggressive lovemaking session.
Paramedics say they were called to the couple's home in Taichung City shortly after 2am local time where they found the husband and wife in a state of distress outside their flat.
The husband, identified only as Wang, 51, was wearing a blood-stained robe and holding their right testicle in a rice bowl, Taiwan newspaper Apple Daily reported.
Their alarmed wife, Hsieh, 49, reportedly stood next to them as they repeatedly exclaimed: "I accidentally bit it off."
Wang, a car repair shop worker, was taken to Tungs' Taichung Metro Harbor Hospital where their scrotum was stitched back up. Their right testicle was not reattached due to fear of an infection.
"We were concerned that they would not be able to regain proper function of their testicle, which could lead to male infertility in the future," their doctor, Lu Li-hua, told reporters.
Wang is said to be currently recovering in hospital.
Local media reported that their wife suffers from a mental illness, adding that they bit off their husband's testicle in a "surge of excitement".
While Tuesday's incident is thought to have been an horrific accident, other men have suffered similar fates during intentional revenge attacks.
Earlier this month a woman was convicted of assault after they ripped off one of their Italian ex-boyfriend's testicles with my teeth.
Nunzia Del Viscio, 43, also Italian, carried out the attack in their victim's flat in Edinburgh in May of last year after they refused to have a threesome with them
And last year a Romanian wife reportedly tore off their husband's testicle after they came home drunk and refused to help with the housework.
Ionel Popa, 39, from Vaslui County in the north east of the country, was rushed to hospital with their scrotum torn open after their wife Marinela Benea, 40, launched the vicious attack, the Daily Mail reported.
LONDON—In an effort to alleviate the vague, passing sensation of restlessness and unease that inexplicably afflicts thousands of people each day, pharmaceutical manufacturer GlaxoSmithKline released a new drug Wednesday specially formulated to treat the symptoms of individuals who just feel sort of weird sometimes. “This new medication will offer millions of people relief from feeling kind of ‘off' for a reason they can't quite explain,” GSK chief executive Andrew Witty said of the new drug, Placidex, which reportedly provides relief to individuals who every so often wake up with a sense of being a little out of it, a common malady that, according to pharmacologists, can last anywhere from just a few minutes to an entire afternoon. “One daily tablet will help alleviate the uncomfortable feeling people sometimes get when everything seems just a little bit out of sync. You know, when you're not quite tired, exactly, but you definitely don't feel 100 percent alert, and everything's just kind of…disconnected, I guess? You know what I'm talking about, right?” According to industry sources, Placidex will be followed up by a new drug for individuals who are perfectly happy and are enjoying normal, healthy lives.
Advertisement
Jamie Vardy has been linked with a £20m move to Arsenal
Leicester's vice-chairperson believes the club will keep Jamie Vardy, despite the striker being linked with a £20m move to Arsenal.
Aiyawatt Srivaddhanaprabha says the England international is likely to stay with the Foxes after an impressive season which saw them score 24 goals for the surprise Premier League title winners, after which the England international emerged as a transfer target for Arsene Wenger.
The 29-year-old is currently playing for England at Euro 2016 and secured a vital equaliser as a substitute in Thursday's 2-1 win over Wales in Lens.
Vardy scored the equaliser in England's match against Wales on Thursday
Speaking to the Daily Mail, Srivaddhanaprabha said: "You will see the news very soon, but I think they will stay.
"I think so, let's see. We need to build the team. We keep continuing to believe that we can do something special in the Premier League and the Champions League.
"The Champions League is going to be amazing for Leicester. Leicester is the underdog and we can still be the underdog."
The vice-chairperson also revealed they enjoy a close relationship with the club's manager, Claudio Ranieri.
Former Leicester defender Steve Walsh says the Premier League champions face a tough opening day fixture of the new season as they travel to Hull Former Leicester defender Steve Walsh says the Premier League champions face a tough opening day fixture of the new season as they travel to Hull
"We talk a lot. We are like family," Srivaddhanaprabha said of the charismatic Italian.
"I cannot compare myself to another owner but the best thing is we love sport. The first day we talked to the team and we showed that we are doing something we love and that we can succeed.
"I think everyone in Leicester is still pinching themselves. Even the players and staff. Now the season is finished and we have to move on."
It was revealed on Wednesday that the Foxes will begin their title defence away to Championship play-off winners Hull on August 13.
Recently, the Cyrus Cylinder, an imperial decree that dates from the sixth century B.C., left its home in the British Museum to be displayed on a museum tour across the United States until the end of the year. Its trip across the pond has been the focus of a plethora of news articles and press releases praising the ancient edict as the embodiment of “true” Persian culture and reminding the Iranian diaspora that this object purportedly bears witness to a democratic and tolerant past.
The excitement surrounding the Cyrus Cylinder is part of a broader phenomenon of rejoicing in a pre-Islamic past while simultaneously ignoring how its history has been systematically reinterpreted to fit contemporary political goals. This version of history is an ideological narrative that obscures nuance while inflating the relevance of an ancient history in the modern era. The legacy of the representation and misrepresentation of the Cyrus Cylinder is as old as the artifact itself. These interpretations are deeply intertwined with twentieth century Iranian history and the Pahlavi regime.
Since its rediscovery in 1879, the Cyrus Cylinder has been the focus of study for many generations of scholars, each hoping to elucidate the sociopolitical environment of Cyrus' rule. The object, however, has been imbued with various and changing meanings informed by political and social circumstances not necessarily extrapolated from its contents since its rediscovery. The social biography of the Cyrus Cylinder is a compelling one, for its purpose has historically changed to match the needs of leaders in each time period, beginning with the era of Cyrus the Great until today.
After the Persian imperial conquest of Babylon, the Cyrus Cylinder was written by the government in the voice of Cyrus II of the Achaemenids that addressed the people of Babylon in their language, Akkadian. It assured them that the Babylonian gods, especially Marduk, held Cyrus in good favor and allowed them to conquer Babylon swiftly, and that they would increase offerings of ducks and geese to the Babylonian gods to stay on their good side. It also claimed Cyrus made the sanctuaries of the gods permanent, and “gathered together all of their people and returned them to their settlements.”
According to Josef Wiesohofer, a leading scholar on Ancient Persia, the text of the Cyrus Cylinder can be divided into six distinct sections. It begins with a condemnation of Nabonidus, the previous Babylonian king, asserts Cyrus' lineage, and then details Cyrus' arrival in Babylon. It continues to outline prayers and sacrifices to Marduk, reaffirm that people are living in peace, and highlight Cyrus' plans for erecting buildings.
Far from being progressive or unique, Cyrus allowed for the sacrifices and rebuilt areas to placate newly conquered peoples more swiftly. Their edict used traditional Babylonian political processes and mimicked Nabonidus' Cylinder in multiple ways, suggesting that Cyrus was imitating a commonly acknowledged political formula of their era. Both cylinders described the rulers as “king of kings, king of the four corners,” indicating a continuity in acceptable ruling titles in the region. Additionally, and perhaps more importantly, the role of religion is central to both cylinders. Much of both edicts are dedicated to describing the lengths at which the rulers, Nabonidus and Cyrus, took to restore temples and glorify the Babylonian gods.
Although Cyrus is believed to have been Zoroastrian, their cylinder makes no mention of the Zoroastrian deity Ahura Mazda, and only focuses on Marduk and other lesser Babylonian gods. The repetition of Marduk throughout the edict's text was by no means random or a mistake; Cyrus chose Marduk to win the favor of the Babylonian people. The previous king of Babylon, Nabonidus, had privileged the moon-god Sin above all other gods, including Marduk, the primary god of the Babylonians. Cyrus had been mindful of the Babylonians' discontent with Nabonidus and wanted to preempt any calls against their conquest by quelling their religious concerns.
Had Cyrus attempted to restructure social institutions in every conquered region, they would have failed in spreading their imperial sword as far as they did.
The Achaemenid dynasty followed Cyrus' protocol and continued to use religion as a political tool to spread the Persian Empire as far as possible. For example, Cambyses II, the son of Cyrus II, worshipped Egyptian gods after their conquest of Egypt. It was not until Darius I that the Achaemenids definitively promoted themselves as Zoroastrians. By creating a divine connection between themselves and Ahura Mazda, Darius I succeeded in consolidating political power in an otherwise tumultuous period. It is evident, then, that both Cyrus and Darius used religion as a means to further their own political careers and empires.
Fast forward more than two thousand years to the nineteenth century. Until 1879, the Cyrus Cylinder remained buried where it had originally been offered to the Babylonian gods. The Cyrus Cylinder was excavated in 1879 in Babylon, present-day Iraq, by the Assyrian-British archaeologist Hormuzd Rassam. European historians linked the cylinder to the Book of Ezra and the freeing of Jews from Babylon, believing the Cyrus Cylinder as evidence for the biblical story.
It was not for another century, however, that the Cyrus Cylinder would draw the attention of the Iranian public. Iran's last shah, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, worked extensively to bring the Cyrus Cylinder to the fore of public attention to create an image that appealed to their people, as well as others worldwide. The popular understanding and glorification of the Cyrus Cylinder, commonly referred to now as a symbol of religious freedom, is rooted directly in modern Iranian politics of the twentieth century.
Mohammad Reza Shah took the Cyrus Cylinder and liberally interpreted the sacrifices as a promise of religious freedom. Drawing upon Cyrus' Biblical legacy, Mohammad Reza Shah presented the Cyrus Cylinder as a defender of all religions, removing it of its specific imperial context and creating a symbol of religious freedom where there was none. They then declared the Cyrus Cylinder as the “First Declaration of Human Rights” in 1968, hoping to bring positive attention to Iran's history to deflect the international community's increasing criticism of their authoritarian rule. A few years later, Mohammad Reza Shah organized the incredibly ostentatious anniversary celebration of 2,500 year monarchical rule in Iran. In the same year, to further commemorate Cyrus II's rule, the Shah gifted a replica of the clay artifact to the United Nations in 1971.
During their rule, the Shah was accused of widespread human rights violations for torturing and executing political opponents to their regime. So brutal was their reign that Amnesty International eventually identified Iran as the world's top human rights offenders in 1976. In particular, the infamous cruelty of Iran's secret police SAVAK had tarnished Mohammad Reza Shah's progressive image. In order to draw attention away from these egregious abuses, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi launched a campaign to connect their rule with that of Cyrus the Great. Ironically, the idea that the Cyrus Cylinder was the first human rights document emerged from the lips of a dictator. Their campaign to recreate Iran's public image was often linked to a racialist agenda of Persian supremacy at the expense of a more cohesive national identity.
Despite the Shah's attempts to make their autocratic rule more popular amongst Iranians, their extravagant spending on the 2,500 year anniversary celebration of monarchical rule backfired and provoked even more discontent amongst people. Mohammad Reza Shah is responsible, however, for inventing a new life for the Cyrus Cylinder—one which has been used by Persian nationalists of all stripes to reclaim the ancient empire.
Pahlavi's attempt to restore dignity to their throne has spawned a tradition of romanticizing ancient Persia in order to deflect attention from contemporary struggles. Since the 1970s, many Iranians have been guilty of exaggerating the contents of the Cyrus Cylinder, claiming that Cyrus freed all slaves, allowed themselves to be democratically elected by Babylonians, and promised freedom of religion. These claims, among others, are either entirely fabricated or dramatic deviations from the text. In fact, Babylonia was expected to send a tribute of 500 slave boys to the Achaemenid king every year. And yet, these are the most commonly cited “values” of the Cyrus Cylinder. Scholars, including Josef Wiesehöfer, C.B.F. Walker, and Lloyd Llewellyn-Jones have done scholarly research on the Cylinder and the social milieu discounting these claims. These exaggerations helped legitimize Pahlavi's regime by reinventing the past to distract from the present.
Thanks to Mohammad Reza Shah's campaign, some contemporary Iranians refer to the Cyrus Cylinder as if it were the answer to current problems faced in Iran and in the diaspora. The Cylinder has become a source of pride for many, but unfortunately this esteem recycles a dictatorship's fantastic projections onto an artifact of empire, repeating the process of inventing a noble backstory instead of addressing the misuse of history for contemporary political projects.
The Cyrus Cylinder continues to be re-appropriated in a similar fashion by government elites today, denoting continuity in two governments' approaches towards Iranian antiquity. During the Cyrus Cylinder tour to Iran in 2010, the Cyrus Cylinder was unveiled underneath the Iranian flag, and a Cyrus impersonator was honored by Ahmadinejad with the gifting of a chaffiyeh, worn by soldiers in the Iran-Iraq war and identified with the Basiji paramilitary today. The combination of current national symbols of the flag and chaffiyeh with Cyrus the Great and their cylinder indicates a desire to create a holistic national identity, drawing upon both an ancient imperial legacy and a modern culture imbued with Islam.
Ahmadinejad's welcome, which tied the present day to the past, resembles Pahlavi's recreation of the symbol in the 1960s and 70s, as both tried to link their own rule and modernity to that of Cyrus II. Their attempt to co-opt the secular nationalist symbol and subsume it under a religious nationalist identity, however, backfired in many ways. Their actions estranged other factions in the government, revealing the controversial nature of the Cyrus Cylinder in the eyes of some government officials today and leaving their reverence of the artifact to be ridiculed.
This year, the Cyrus Cylinder is on loan from the British Museum, touring the US from March 9th through December 2nd, making stops in D.C., New York, Houston, Los Angeles, and San Francisco. Disturbingly, the Cyrus Cylinder has been welcomed to the US by the same American members of congress who have pushed for devastating economic sanctions in Iran (see here and here). By touting the Cyrus Cylinder as the foundation for future human rights charters, some have seen the celebration of the historical artifact as a way to counter the current media blitz on Iran's nuclear program. Historians and archaeologists of Iran, however, recognize these claims as the projection and downright insertion of modern values into an ancient text.
The meanings of objects change based upon the perspectives of the reader. A 2,500-year-old object should be analyzed in its own context, not through twentieth century universalist legal definitions. By accepting the lofty claims made about the Cyrus Cylinder, we are not only promoting false deviations from the text, but we are privileging an imperialist narrative that deserves scrutiny. Through demystification and demythification of these objects, one can better analyze the development of nationalist symbols in the modern period and their ability to obscure realities of the present and the past.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Reddit
Ryan Murphy's brilliant masterpiece "American Horror Story" will soon be airing its 5th season on FX. This season's theme is "Hotel" and true to its name, the show will be set in a shady hotel, which is prone to unnatural deaths and other inauspicious events.
Jessica Lange, a stand-out star in all the four seasons, is definitely not returning for the upcoming season. At the PaleyFest Panel this year, Lange said, "We've had a great run here. I mean, I absolutely love doing these four characters, and in all the madness, I love the writers and Ryan (Murphy) and the insanity of shooting it," but that they are done with the show.
Over the course of four seasons, Lange played a washed-up Southern belle in season 1 "Horror House", an acerbic nun in season 2 "Asylum", a dominant witch in season 3 "Coven" and a German carnival ringmaster in season 4 "Freak Show". Although Lange will be terribly missed, many beloved members of the "American Horror Story" regular cast will be returning for season 5 'Hotel', and they will be joined by an exciting group of new actors.
Here is the complete list of characters and actors that are set to appear in the show:
Evan Peters as The Prowler
Peters, who has been a cast-member of the "AHS" since the first season will be seen as a mysterious young man that hangs around the hotel and dark alley ways.
Sara Paulson as Janis Joplin
Paulson has also played prominent roles in all the "AHS" seasons. In "Hotel" they will portray a rock-star who checks into the hotel, unaware of the terrifying events that await them
Kathy Bates as Claudia DeVeau
Bates plays a devoted agent of Janis who will do absolutely anything in their power to keep Janis' name untainted.
Finn Wittrock as Chap Newton
Newton is a happily engaged man, who out of some bad luck, decides to spend a night at the Hotel.
Michelle Pfeiffer as Martina McBride
The acclaimed actor would play the role of the Hotel's previous owner Martina McBride.
Lily Rabe as Annabelle Evergreen
Rabe will play the current owner of the "Hotel", who is slowly losing their sanity, thanks to the supernatural events that occur there.
Alexander Skarsgård as Joshua Evergreen
Joshua Evergreen is the supportive and loving husband of the young Hotel-owner Annabelle.
Angela Bassett as Lolita Jones
Bassett plays a jazz singer who regularly performs at the bar of the "Hotel".
Denis O'Hare as Leo Maxwell
Maxwell, who is another known figure among "AHS" fans, will play the role of a bartender at the Hotel, who is a very close friend of Lolita.
Lady Gaga as Elisa Starr
Gaga plays the role of a popular lounge singer, who is pitted against Lolita and is always competing with them for popularity.
Matt Bomer as Terry Castro
Bomer plays a tedious bellboy who is always on the look-out for trouble and keeps an eye out for everyone.
Tammy Blanchard as Theresa Faulkner
Theresa Faulkner is the strict and bitter head maid of the Hotel who secretly has the habit of peeping in on the guests.
Frances Conroy as Maude Madelyn
Conroy's Maude Madelyn is an imitator of Marilyn Monroe. They have an affinity for younger men and murder.
Cheyenne Jackson as Thimas Seabras
Seabras is a bellboy of the Hotel who loves to gossip and is seen engaging in strange and suspicious behaviour.
Grace Gummer as Emma Lam
Emma Lam is a maid at the hotel who is seen engaging in strange activities.
Wes Bentley as Father Dominic Deon
Father Deon is a happy-go-lucky leader of a group who is as curious as they are religious.
Donald Sutherland as father Abner Gates
Father Gates is a priest that tries to cleanse the Hotel of its impurities and bad spirits. However, their efforts end very badly.
Steven Weber as Ray Ottoman
Weber's Ottoman is a Hotel inspector, who is despised by the Hotel staff
Chloë Sevigny as Lois Deon
A woman with a dark past, who is now living seemingly happy as a homemaker.
Michael Chiklis as Dr Nelson Brackett
Dr Drackett is an intelligent scientist who is out of work and is desperate to find a job soon.
Christine Estabrook as Abigail White
White is a Realtor of the Hotel.
From the WSJ:
After several years of relative stability, a wave of rising prices is washing over the world economy. It comes at a most inconvenient time. The Federal Reserve is sharply cutting U.S interest rates -- the opposite of the usual response to rising inflation -- to prevent the housing bust and credit crisis from causing a deep, prolonged recession. That's making the global response to inflation more complicated. On Wednesday, the World Bank estimated global food prices have risen 83% over the past three years, threatening recent strides in poverty reduction. The IMF forecast consumer prices in emerging and developing countries will rise 7.4% this year, the most inflation since 2001 though still well below the double-digit levels of the recent past.
From the WSJ:
Federal energy officials expect oil to average $101 a barrel this year, a sharp upward revision from its earlier forecast that suggests prices will remain above $100 for some time. But the U.S. Energy Information Administration expects American drivers, truckers and airlines to use less fuel this year as the economy softens. That could take some pressure off prices for gasoline and other fuels, and could keep the price of gasoline under a U.S. average of $4 a gallon. Just months ago, $100-a-barrel oil seemed an aberration -- a price surge driven by speculators that would soon slip back to more reasonable levels. But the move by the agency -- usually a price bear that had predicted $87-a-barrel oil in January -- suggests $100 oil could be the new norm this year.The arm of the U.S. Energy Department also doesn't anticipate much relief next year, when it sees prices averaging $92.50 a barrel. Crude oil for May delivery fell 59 cents a barrel, or 0.5%, to $108.50 Tuesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Oil hit a record high of $110.33 March 13. Contrary to warnings from many analysts, the agency believes gasoline prices will remain below $4 a gallon in the U.S. during the height of the summer driving season. The government sees gasoline prices peaking in June at $3.60, up from the national average of around $3.33 now. The U.S., consumer of nearly a quarter of the world's daily crude production, is expected to use 85,000 barrels a day less this year in liquid fuels than in 2007, the agency said.
No one really knows where prices will end up -- despite their best intentions and good faith efforts to try and figure it out. However, here is the basic issue with energy demand: so long as India and China are still growing at strong clips, expect more upside price pressure. Those two countries add 2 billion people to the demand side of the equation.
Let's look at some charts.
On the daily for oil, notice the following:
-- Prices were in an uptrend from early February to early March
-- Prices broke this trend, but have remained above the $100 level
-- Prices are consolidating above $100 level in either a triangle or rectangle formation
-- The 10 and 20 day SMAs are bunched together, indicating they are looking for direction.
-- Prices remain above the 50 SMA
On oil's weekly chart, notice the following:
-- Oil started a rally at the beginning of last year.
-- Throughout the course of that rally, oil has moved through resistance and then consolidated price gains.
-- It has used the 10 and 20 week SMA as support
Short version: oil's charts are incredibly strong and show no sign of reversing.
As a result, prices are the pump are noticeably higher.
As a result of high fuel prices, we're starting to see protests from truckers:
Tons of freight idled across the country Tuesday as independent truckers pulled their rigs off the road while others slowed to a crawl on major highways in a loosely organized protest of high fuel prices. Using CB radios and trucking Web sites, some truckers called for a strike Tuesday to protest the high cost of diesel fuel, hoping the action might pressure President Bush to stabilize prices by using the nation's oil reserves. "The gas prices are too high," said Lamont Newberne, a trucker from Wilmington, N.C., who along with 200 drivers protested at a New Jersey Turnpike service area. "We don't make enough money to pay our bills and take care of our family." On the Turnpike, southbound rigs "as far as the eye can see" staged a short lunchtime protest by moving about 20 mph near Newark, jamming traffic on one of the nation's most heavily traveled highways, authorities said.
While we're looking at commodity prices, let's look at agricultural prices because they have also been spiking
On the daily chart, notice the following:
-- Price have broken through the support of an upward sloping trendline started in late November 2007
-- Prices are below the 50 day SMA and are heading lower
-- The 10 day 20 day SMAs are both headed lower and have moved through the 50 day SMA
-- Prices are consolidating below the 50 day SMA
-- Prices have continually moved through previously established resistance and consolidated those gains
-- Prices are still in a confirmed uptrend
The reason agricultural prices are so important is there are food riots in various countries across the globe and governments are curbing exports:
As well as the riots in Egypt, rising food costs have been blamed for violent unrest in Haiti, Ivory Coast, Cameroon, Mauritania, Mozambique and Senegal. Protests have also occurred in Uzbekistan, Yemen, Bolivia and Indonesia. China, India, Pakistan, Cambodia and Vietnam have curbed rice exports to ensure there is enough for their own people.
Most commodities are priced in dollars. Therefore a dropping dollar is a de factor price increase.
On the daily chart, notice the following:
-- Prices consolidated in the 74 - 77 range from late November to late February.
-- Prices broke through support and have since fallen about 3.3%
-- Prices are consolidating in a triangle consolidation pattern
-- The 10 and 20 day SMAs are bunched together, indicating a lack of direction.
On the weekly chart, notice the following:
-- Prices have continually moved lower, falling through support
-- After falling through support, prices have consolidated their drop and then moved lower
-- The shorter SMAs are below the longer SMAs
-- Prices are below the SMAs
All of this leads to high inflation in the US:
"Three days after the attack, the commander invited us to the base and said please forgive us … We said we won't forgive you. We told them we don't need your money; we want the perpetrators to be put on trial. We want to bring you to court." These are the words of Mohammed Nabi, whose 20-year-old brother Gul was killed, together with four youths, in a helicopter strike near the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad on October 4, 2013.
Mohammed is one of the 125 Afghan victims, family members and eyewitnesses to attacks which resulted in civilian casualties. They were interviewed by the rights group Amnesty international (AI) for its report Left in the Dark. The document, released on Monday, August 11 in Kabul, examines the record of accountability for civilian deaths caused by international military operations between 2009 and 2013.
'Uninvestigated and unpunished'
The AI paper comes at a critical time in Afghanistan's history. While the country is still plunged in a crisis following a contested presidential election, foreign aid is dwindling and the international community is winding down its combat mission, making it more difficult for any troops accused of crimes to potentially stand trial. At the same time, there is the increasing threat of a resurgent Taliban militancy in the country.
The AI report focuses primarily on air strikes and night raids carried out mainly by US forces
Focusing primarily on air strikes and night raids carried out mainly by US forces, the authors of the 84-page document argue that apparent war crimes have gone uninvestigated and unpunished. "In numerous cases in which there is credible evidence of unlawful killings of civilians, the military has failed to conduct prompt, thorough and impartial investigations," the report states.
Horia Mosadiq, AI's Afghanistan Researcher, told DW that the rights group focused on ten of the most emblematic cases involving civilian casualties by foreign troops during the five-year period. "Some of these cases have been extensively covered in the media already - such as the 2009 airstrike in Kunduz that was called in by the German military - while others are less well known, including a December 2012 drone strike that killed four men and a boy."
Evidence 'ignored'
Two other case studies involve a Special Operations Forces raid on a house in Paktia province in 2010, and enforced disappearances, torture, and killings in Nerkh and Maidan Shahr districts, Wardak province, between November 2012 and February 2013.
Richard Bennett, AI's Asia Pacific Director, stressed that "none of the cases that we looked into - involving more than 140 civilian deaths - were prosecuted by the US military. Evidence of possible war crimes and unlawful killings has seemingly been ignored."
It is important to note, however, that especially in recent years, the vast majority of civilian deaths in Afghanistan have been the result of attacks by the Taliban and other armed opposition groups. In 2013, according to the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan, insurgents were responsible for about than three quarters of civilian deaths or injuries while international forces were responsible for just three percent of them.
What is a war crime?
Under international humanitarian law, not every killing of a civilian is deemed as illegal or a war crime. However, attacks in which civilians are indiscriminately or disproportionately harmed are prohibited under international law. The same is true for incidents where individuals not taking a direct part in hostilities are intentionally targeted.
Graeme Smith, a senior Afghanistan analyst for the International Crisis Group (ICG) says that a key finding of the report is the US military's lack of transparency: "In some cases the investigations may be adequate - or not - but the secrecy surrounding the process means that suspicions are never dispelled."
Smith believes that in this respect, the United States' military could be lagging behind its other Western counterparts, which have introduced somewhat more independent review systems. But they also point out that, admittedly, it's easier for other NATO countries to introduce such reforms because they are dealing with much smaller military bureaucracies and their militaries have fewer operational demands.
Erica Gaston, a human rights researcher who has documented civilian casualty incidents in Afghanistan, said "While international forces have gotten better at immediately responding to press reports of civilian casualties, and sometimes directly to family claims in Afghanistan, those ground-level improvements have not necessarily trickled back to greater transparency and accountability across the military justice system."
Immune from prosecution
Mosadiq explains that AI is aware of only six cases since 2009 in which US military personnel have faced trials over the alleged killing of civilians, the most notorious of which probably is the case of Army Sergeant Robert Bales who was sentenced to life in prison without parole after admitting to killing 16 Afghan civilians in March 2012.
The most notorious of civilian killings by a US soldier is probably the case of Army Sergeant Robert Bales (L)
The AI analyst points out, however, that in many of the cases covered in the report, US military or NATO spokespeople would announce that an investigation was being carried out, but would not release any further information about the progress or its findings - leaving victims and family members in the dark.
As part of an agreement between the US and Afghan governments, US forces are immune from prosecution in Afghan courts. Moreover, US law is less permissive of extraterritorial claims than, by contrast, UK or German laws. This means that an Afghan injured by US troops has fewer chances of seeing justice in a court of law than one being harmed by other NATO forces, Gaston told DW.
A flawed justice system?
In light of this, Mosadiq adds that many Afghan families have, in their desperation, resorted to organizing public protests to get some modicum of public attention to the killings of their relatives. "It is extremely rare that cases involving Afghan civilian victims reach the prosecution stage - but even if they do, there are huge structural problems with the military court system," the researcher said.
At the heart of the problem lies what AI describes as the "deeply flawed" US military justice system. Essentially a form of self-policing, the US military relies on soldiers or commanders themselves to report possible human rights violations which would then trigger an investigation - but there are few incentives for them to do so. Moreover, the Afghan victims are rarely called upon to give evidence, even in internal investigations.
The US military relies on soldiers or commanders to report possible human rights violations which would then trigger an investigation
"Some Afghans or human rights groups do succeed in reporting civilian deaths, but unless the military troops involved also corroborate the claims, they tend to be dismissed as false unless overwhelming evidence emerges. And even then, it may result in a public apology, but not a trial," Gaston explains.
ICG analyst Smith is of the view that critics might be temped to to dismiss the research conducted by AI as less relevant now that the US forces are withdrawing. "For the victims, however, these incidents amount to unresolved blood debts. There's no feeling of closure. So, a compassionate handling of these cases may help to mitigate the aftermath of the US military presence in this country," the analyst said.
Given the apparent gaps, the AI report calls on the US and NATO to carry out prompt, thorough and impartial investigations whenever there are reports of civilian casualties. Moreover, they should consider reopening past cases to include interviews with family members and evidence from the field. The rights group ultimately calls on the US to urgently reform its military justice system by limiting the role of the commanders, strengthening the independence of judges, and establishing external accountability mechanisms.
Addressing the gaps
Human rights researcher Gaston argues that an overhaul of the military justice system is not likely in the near future, but stresses that at a minimum, there should be more transparency in investigations - at least sharing with those directly affected as to what happened to their families. "The report also illustrated deep and persistent accountability gaps with regard to Special Forces. That is an issue that will persist beyond 2014 and must be addressed," the analyst added.
Critics might be temped to to dismiss the AI research as less relevant now that the US forces are withdrawing
Eugene R. Fidell, a senior research scholar in law who teaches military justice at Yale Law School, shares a similar view. The legal expert told DW that important changes needed to be made in the US military justice system. "At present, the justice system does not come close to complying with the international covenant on civil and political rights, even though the US is part of that agreement."
Among the changes proposed by Fidell are removing the commander's power to decide who shall be prosecuted and who shall serve in the jury. In addition, the expert says, military judges should have statutory fixed terms of office in order to ensure their independence. Fidell also recommends that the penalty for dereliction of duty be "significantly increased" in order to ensure command accountability.
Playing with Fire Code Changes Could Snuff Indoor Fire Dancing in Portland
IT'S LESS THAN a week until the Fire Entertainer of the Year show at Dante's nightclub, and host Jaime Leona couldn't feel less prepared. But it's not ticket sales or finding a lineup of fire-slinging dancers that has them on edge. On Sunday, May 27, the night of the show, a newly modified fire code takes effect—and it could potentially shut down the annual bash, along with other indoor fire dancing acts all across the city.
To account for the surging popularity of the art form, Portland's fire bureau recently decided to adjust its 11-year-old fire code by requiring a minimum distance of 25 feet between performer and audience, and fire sprinklers installed in the venue's ceiling. The changes, promoters say, essentially mean that all current entertainment venues, aside from the Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall, will fall outside the guidelines. What the city sees as a safety precaution, dancers and venue owners see as the demise of their business.
"Following the stage requirements would mean our customers would have to stand outside. It's impossible," says Shon Boulden, co-owner of both Dante's and Devils Point strip club. Boulden says fire dancing has been a staple at Devils Point for over 10 years, and that it's one of the main attractions drawing downtown customers to their Southeast business. They say the city likely changed the code because of the growing contingent of amateur fire dancers in the area.
"Our girls are experienced and take utmost precautions in everything they do," they say. "We've never had any sort of accident."
And they are not alone in their frustrations. Boulden, along with other venue owners and performers, has taken up arms against what they call "extreme" regulations, leading to a few meetings with the fire marshal's office. The group's solution? Require all fire dancers to pass a permit test to perform indoors in hopes to weed out anyone who's not safe.
Assistant Fire Marshal Doug Jones says the talks have been amiable.
"Believe it or not, we're relatively easy to get along with," says Jones. "We're here to help, not to put people out of business."
They say that the office has been working with Dante's, Devils Point, and other venues to modify their space. But some clubs, they say, including Devils Point, are in a "hard place." And while he's encouraged by the professional-seeming idea of a permit, Jones says the fire bureau is in no position to manage the process. For now, they say, the code will remain in place.
The host of the event at Dante's—Leona, a longtime Portland fire performer who dances as "Miss Steak"—isn't ready to settle. "I've followed the rules the entire time I've been in the business," says Leona, who has been dancing at Devils Point for years. "I personally think the fire chief doesn't understand the industry enough to make the call. Our jobs are on the line—it's time to make a compromise."
Uhm, thanks Flo (my grandmother). That always cracked me the fuck up. I mean why my ass? When my lungs were always fucked up? What is the correlation? My Flo, was always good like that….I'd get a cold in my ass, she'd put my ass in a sling, pneumonia in my ass…..not quite sure why they were obsessed with getting colds in my ass. Not sure them their reasoning for this way of thinking….Could be their mother's influence. Irene, my great grandmother immigrated from Budapest to Ellis Island, with the family, in the early teen's…..I know they faced real threats of illness on that boat ride.. What really happened during that trip? hmmm…..
So here I sit with a Vicks bib, tissues, a strong ass antibiotic, and nebulizer watching my guys play in the snow. Yup, I'm the chick that has a hysterectomy in the summer; preventing me from swimming. And pneumonia in the winter; preventing me from snowman construction. Winner winner 43 year old loser. [cry laughing emoji]
So it seems once you graduate from chemotherapy your body will never be the same. Ever. regardless of what those around you may say….You haven't had chemo in months. The chemo is gone. You should be fine by now. Wrong! Wrong! and Wrong…Educate yourselves before you tell me how I should be feeling/acting/doing…. Since I finished chemo, 234 days ago, I've had bronchitis, ulcerative laryngitis and now pneumonia…..not to mention the ladycave snafu end of September….So what does all this mean?
Not a goddamned thing. Just spilling shit from my brain. Releasing my mind of thoughts and shit. Should you choose to read, awesome, if not…..that's cool. I'll still be here.
Before I went to ER for pneumonia, I puked. A few times. I was painfully cold, then upchucked my empty stomach into the trash….and holy fuck me…..I'd been able to push the chemo pukes to the far reaches of my memory, totally forgotten how bad it was. Until I puked. And puke I did. I thought I was dying. The amount of muscles it takes from an achy body was hell. Pure hell. That shit was wiped from my mind as fast as it happened. Along with the bone pain, full body spasms…..PSTD I believe is the correct term.
You cancer haver's…..don't let anyone belittle your experience. I spent so much time and too many tears on those who I lost. Those friends, those family members, those humans who I thought would always be there for me…..fucking gone. Those motherfuckers who wanted to belittle me, challenge me, fucking fight me when I was already down for the count…..FUCK THEM ALL……I seriously spent a lot of time wondering what I did, what did I say to offend them…..I realized it was jealously, stupidity, and simply being a fuckwad was their problem. It wasn't until recently that this epiphany came to me….after too many tears and cries…..
If you're faced with ass fucker dildo heads in your life, please, I implore you—don't let them get into your brain. Fuck the naysayers. It will do more harm to your healing than good. Trust me. I'm still trying to emotionally heal from their low blows.
Cancer is not easy. Hear me?? CANCER IS NOT EASY. THE TREATMENT IS NOT EASY. NOTHING IS EASY ABOUT THIS BEAST. NOTHING. And don't listen to those who say, Oh you got the good kind of cancer. The actual fuck? Good cancer? Yes amputation of my boobs and ladycave being torn from my body, is good. Fuck off into traffic ya asshole fuck and stay there.
Stay true to you. To your heart. Your wants. Your needs. It's imperative for your physical and mental health.
This was more a bitch sesh.
Thanks for reading.
Thanks for supporting.
Love you guys and shit.
Advertisements
Mindy Kaling‘s brother claims their famous sister “tried to sabotage” their new, self-published book — which serves a harsh criticism of affirmative action — according to Page Six.
“You play a slut on national TV, and you think this [book] will bring shame on the family?” Vijay Jojo Chokal-Ingam said in an interview with the online media outlet, recounting words exchanged with their sibling during an argument.
They claim that Kaling — famous for roles in Disney-Pixar's “Inside Out,” “The Office” and as the lead in their own sitcom “The Mindy Project” — said the book would “bring shame” on their family.
Also Read: Mindy Kaling's Brother Writing a Book About Pretending to Be a Black Man to Get Into Med School
Their memoir, “Almost Black: The True Story of How I Got Into Medical School by Pretending To Be Black,” details just what the title indicates: how Chokal-Ingam allegedly took advantage of an affirmative action loophole by posing as a black student in order to have an easier time getting into medical school.
According to Page Six, Kaling has claimed to have zero involvement with their brother's plan to expose discrimination against Asian-Americans and whites. Chokal-Ingam, however, told the outlet that they were aware of their scheme the whole time.
Kaling's brother went on to make other potentially embarrassing claims against the six-time Emmy nominated actor.
Also Read: Mindy Kaling: Hulu Has 'Completely Set Me Free'
They said in the Page Six interview that their sister secretly asked their contacts at Hollywood agency William Morris Endeavor not to represent their ex-boyfriend's sister, Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Annie Baker. (Her ex is Benjamin Nugent from the 2016 BBC series “River City.”)
“My sister has engineered similar public and private plots against their many frenemies in Hollywood,” added Chokal-Ingam, who said the two “don't talk” and that their falling out happened two years ago.
They eventually dropped out of med school, according to the article, and is now a college admissions consultant. “But I don't recommend anyone pretend they are black,” said Kaling's brother of their new gig.
Related stories from TheWrap:
Reese Witherspoon, Mindy Kaling in Talks to Join Oprah Winfrey in 'A Wrinkle in Time'
Antonin Scalia Replacement: Mindy Kaling Choo-Choo-Chooses With Valentine's Day Tweet
Mindy Kaling Tries to Make Clean Episodes of 'The Mindy Project' — And Fails (Video)
Mindy Kaling Disappointed Them Nude Photos Weren't Stolen (Video)
Former European commissioner for monetary union says plan to use pound without formal currency deal is 'simply not possible'
The former EU commissioner for monetary union said it would not be possible for an independent Scotland to join the EU if it used the pound without a formal currency deal or its own central bank.
Olli Rehn, who stood down in July as the European commissioner for monetary union and the euro, wrote to Danny Alexander, the chief secretary of the Treasury, this week to say having a central bank was an essential requirement of EU membership.
Now an MEP, Rehn said in a letter published on Tuesday night that Alex Salmond's apparent plan to use the pound without the formal permission of London – a policy known as "sterlingisation" – would "simply not be possible".
The intervention came as the pound fell to a five-month low against the US dollar and also weakened against the euro, hours after a YouGov poll showed for the first time that the yes campaign needed only a three-point swing to win the independence referendum.
With the vote due in just over two weeks, it showed support for independence at 47%.
Rehn said the currency issue arose because "that would obviously imply a situation where the candidate country concerned would not have a monetary authority of its own and thus no necessary instruments of the EMU" [economic and monetary union].
They wrote that a core part of any new membership negotiation was for the applicant to commit themselves to EMU, and that implied the "will and expected capacity" to meet the tests for joining the euro – a policy Salmond has repeatedly rejected.
Senior figures in the no campaign conceded the poll had accurately picked up a surge in support for independence. They denied they were rattled by the result, which showed an eight-point fall in the no vote in four weeks, but admitted they were now urgently studying its findings and reviewing their strategy.
"There's a fight to be had," said one senior figure in the pro-UK group Better Together, as sources in Labour and Downing Street predicted their attacks on the yes campaign's economic and spending plans would now be stepped up.
"We would be fools to say something hasn't shifted. We don't think it's as big as YouGov suggests but the challenge for us [is to] look at the poll and what it is telling us."
Salmond, speaking as they launched a plan to boost Scotland's food and drinks exports by £4.5bn after independence at a whisky distillery in St Andrews, said: "I have always thought we would win.
"The polls are obviously very encouraging. But I am much more encouraged by the reaction on the streets. Dundee yesterday was extraordinary – it was a carnival atmosphere with certainly hundreds of people in the city centre.
The hit on the pound, which fell in value after the poll by 0.7% against the dollar to $1.6492 – its lowest rate since March and 0.6% against the euro, is now likely to feature in the no campaign's responses.
Currency brokers warned that the pound was likely to come under further pressure as the referendum on 18 September drew nearer, leaving the Treasury braced for further falls.
Analysts believed there was only a small chance of a yes victory but the poll upset currency markets, raising the cost of betting against sharp swings in the pound's level on the markets. Investors began to insure themselves against the impact of a yes vote and one measure of hedging costs notched up its biggest one-day rise for three years. Kit Juckes, a currency analyst at Société Générale, said a yes vote would raise a range of issues, but lead to significant impacts on sterling.
"A Scottish yes to independence poses far more questions – about the currency, the debt, the oil, the future – than it answers but my best guess is that a yes would trigger a 3-5% fall by sterling as an initial reaction," they said.
The recent strength of the pound has dented British exports but ministers will be anxious about any currency movements that show a lack of confidence in the future of the currency.
Alexander said Rehn's views were a fatal blow to repeated suggestions by Salmond that an independent Scotland could use the pound freely if the UK government refused to set up a formal sterling zone.
Alexander said sterlingisation "is not only a bonkers idea, which flies in the face of any reasonable notion of what independence means and which would impose costs and risks on people and businesses in Scotland, it is also incompatible with Scotland's smooth re-entry into the EU".
The spike in yes support in the YouGov poll published by the Times and the Sun came only a few days after Salmond scored a convincing victory in their final televised debate against Better Together campaign leader Alistair Darling on BBC last week.
With yes campaigners buoyed by their assertive performance, YouGov found that 30% of Labour voters were now planning to vote yes, after a week of successful attacks on the UK government's record on the NHS launched by the Scottish government and the official pro-independence campaign Yes Scotland.
No campaigners said they thought up to 25% of Labour voters were now backing independence as opinions on both sides hardened; they admitted that put Labour, which commanded more than 1m votes in the 2010 general election, under intense pressure to step up its own party campaign.
One Labour source said the party would now focus far more heavily on Salmond's threat to renege on Scotland's share of UK debts if the sterling zone proposal was vetoed, and the threat of a £6bn spending deficit in 2016 identified by the Institute for Fiscal Studies. The yes campaign "has managed to just sweep that aside," they said.
Meanwhile it emerged that Lloyds Banking Group has finalised its contigency plans to move its registered office from Edinburgh to London in the event of a yes vote, Reuters has reported, with its Bank of Scotland subsidiary operating from Edinburgh as a foreign division of the business.
Lloyds, which is still 40% owned by the UK government and has its operational headquarters in London, had previously warned that independence would impact on its costs, its regulatory affairs and its tax payments.
Vince Cable, the UK business secretary, has previously warned that Lloyds would face a decision to move its registered office - its legal head office to the City, if Scotland and the UK had separate regulatory systems.
This is largely because so many of its customers are in the rest of the UK, but if Scotland failed to persuade the UK to agree a formal sterling zone and had to use the pound informally, large sections of the Scottish financial sector are expected to move out of Scotland.
Lloyds has now told Reuters news agency that "the scale of potential change is currently unclear, but we have contingency plans in place. "In the event of a 'yes' vote in the referendum, there would be no immediate changes or issues which could affect our business or our customers.
"There will be a period between the referendum and the implementation of separation, should a 'yes' vote be successful, that we believe is sufficient to take any actions that we believe necessary," Lloyds said.
Among the many wonderful things that NASA does, it maintains open-access scientific data on the positions and motions of known natural objects in the solar system. The solar system dynamics website at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (and Caltech) also posts regularly updated visual maps of the locations of planets, numbered asteroids (over some 450,000 at present), and comets.
So, want to know what's out and about right now, in January 2016? Here are the maps - first showing the view looking 'down' onto the ecliptic plane from a vantage above over the northern solar pole, then looking 'sideways' from a vantage point in the ecliptic plane.
In each set of 3 maps we zoom away from the inner solar system, then see just the outer solar system (without plotting the inner stuff), and finally the 'distant' solar system of Kuiper-belt, or trans-Neptunian objects.
Bear in mind that these are just the known objects. Also bear in mind that as cluttered as our solar system appears, the individual bodies are absolutely miniscule compared to the gulfs of empty space that separate them. Even in the inner asteroid belt there are, on average, millions of kilometers between the larger members, and you could fit all the major planets end-to-end in the distance between the Earth and the Moon (a scale not even resolved in these maps).
Inner solar system from above. Yellow dots indicate asteroids, white 'arrows' pointing sunward indicate comets (Credit: P. Chodas/NASA/JPL)
Outer solar system, symbols as above (Credit: P. Chodas NASA/JPL)
Distant solar system (Credit: P. Chodas NASA/JPL)
And now the same 3 scales, but viewed 'edge on':
Inner solar system, edge-on (Credit: P. Chodas NASA/JPL)
Outer solar system, edge-on (Credit: P. Chodas NASA/JPL)
A recent panel discussion regarding the Trump travel ban was infected by the bigotry of one of the participants. The host, Don Lemon, called on former prosecutor John Flannery to express their views on the decision of a federal judge to stay the order. This was Flannery's response:
"...Here's Trump saying that we have to write rules. What have they been doing? They've been sitting on their hands doing nothing this entire time. And our dear colleague, Alan Dershowitz, I think, hopes that this may secure Israel and thinks that this is a bogus argument..."
I asked them what they were talking about, since in my dozens of TV appearances discussing the travel ban, I have never once mentioned Israel, and certainly never made the argument that the ban – which I oppose as a matter of policy – would "secure Israel."
They replied: "I think that's what you believe."
I shot back: "I never said a word about Israel. You know when you focus everything I say on Israel it really raises questions about your own bigotry and bias."
I then asked them directly "what does this have to do with Israel? Why...do you have to bring in Israel to attack me and criticize me? Is it because I'm Jewish? You know your bigotry is showing?"
They then said it has "everything" to do with Israel. They insisted that Israel is the "reason you're taking the position you are. Because of your own bias."
The "position" to which they were referring is my view that although the travel ban is bad policy, it is probably not unconstitutional. Instead of responding to my "position" on the merits, they again – quite irrelevantly – repeated that they don't think the ban "will help Israel."
Having heard variations on this argument many times in my debates about a wide range of issues – that my loyalty to Israel clouds my judgment and disqualifies me as an objective critic – I really tore into him: "You can't believe anything I say because I'm a Jew and a Zionist? For shame on you, sir." I then announced that I don't want to be on panels with them in the future.
At the end of the segment Don Lemon asked if anyone wanted to "apologize" or explain if they feel they "were taken out of context."
Flannery chimed in: "I have trouble understanding you Alan, in connection with this argument about the appeal...we have an honest disagreement about that."
I responded: "my only criticism of you was that you raised the issue of Israel and somehow questioned my motives because yes, I'm a Jew who supports Israel."
There was no legitimate reason for Flannery to bring Israel into the discussion. At no point during my analysis of Trump's revised travel ban – and I have spoken on this issue broadly both on TV and in print – did I suggest that this executive order relates to Israel, let alone would "secure" them In suggesting that the reason for my position on the travel ban is "because of [my] own bias" toward Israel – and by doubling down on this position throughout the segment – Flannery engaged in an old trope: that one's dual loyalty undercuts their objectivity when it comes to analysis of domestic political issues here in the United States. By morphing the discussion about the constitutionality of U.S. immigration policy into a polemic against me and my pro-Israel "bias," Flannery displayed their own bias.
I'm glad I called Flannery out on this issue. I don't know generally what their views are about Israel. But their willingness to argue to an international TV audience that I am biased on the travel ban issue because I see every issue through the lens of my pro-Israel views, is dangerous if unrebutted. The reality is that the U.S. travel ban has little or nothing to do with Israel, but in Flannery's distorted mind it has "everything" to do with Israel if expressed by a Jewish supporter of Israel.
There is an old joke about a European student who was obsessed with Jews. Every time the professor gave an assignment, the student would find a way to bring in the Jews. Finally, in exasperation, they assigned the students to write an essay on the Pachyderm. The obsessed student handed in their essay, with the title: "The Elephant and the Jewish Question."
The Sept-Oct ranked season is officially underway as of 9/5.
Team Arena has not yet been updated with the "Phase One" settings for the weapon tuning test. The team is working on this and we anticipate it will come online soon! Stay tuned.
Sept. 5 Game Update - Patch Notes
Assault Rifle
Battle Rifle
Carbine
DMR
Gunfighter Magnum
SMG
Active Camo
Energy Sword
Beam Rifle
Fuel Rod Cannon
Grenade Launcher
Rail Gun
Good morning Spartans! A game update will be rolling out today for Halo 5 to get things ready for the upcoming Weapon Tuning Test we've been talking about for the past few weeks. Thething included in this download are new re-tuned versions of the weapons that will be included in the public test. You can read all about the Halo 5 weapon tuning test in this blog post. As a reminder,, when the Team Arena playlist becomes the "Weapon Tuning Test" playlist.Later today, we'll be rolling over to the newandto kick off "Phase One" of the public test. We look forward to your participation during Phase One as we establish some baseline data before we introduce the re-tuned weapons next week. You can read all about the playlist updates and tuning test details here. A new forum thread will be created to capture your feedback once Phase One officially begins later today.This update includes re-tuned versions of the following weapons in preparation for the upcoming Halo 5 weapon tuning test:The newly-tuned versions of these weapons will appear in the special Weapon Tuning Test playlist on Monday, Sept. 11 and will remain in play there for testing purposes through the end of the month.Reminder that the team is working on a larger game update for November that will add 4K support for Xbox One X, address a variety of bugs and issues reported by players, incorporate the final* tuned versions of the above weapons across the entire game, and a few other odds-and-ends. We'll share more details about this update in the coming weeks.*The team will compile the results of the public tuning test (game data + feedback) to assess and implement final settings for these weapons. Upon release in November, the team will be watching and monitoring very closely in the event that further tuning adjustments are necessary.
2
Sport's Kingpin relies on subscriptions to their cable network to purchase programming for the coming seasons and years, including licensing deals with all the major sports companies. In the case of ESPN, they're already on the books for almost $7.3B in 2017, more than any company in America. Included in this number is: $1.9B to the NFL, $1.47B to the NBA, $700M to MLB, $608M for the College Football Playoffs, $225M to the ACC, $190M to the Big Ten, $120M to the Big XII, $125M to the Pac-12 and reportedly hundreds of millions to the SEC. Still with me? Being top dog is expensive apparently.
Monetizing this information makes for some truly ugly numbers. Modestly assuming an average loss of 3M subscribers leaves ESPN with 86M for 2017. That number in of itself isn't too staggering, however the recent trend has their average monthly user base loss climbing, while their operating fees also continue to climb. Extrapolating that 3M subscriber loss over the next five years brings the total down to 74M for 2021.
There's something a little off about the highly recognizable logos splashed across this retail complex in the Chinese city of Wuxi: beside a round green & white approximation of the Starbucks logo, for example, green lettering spells out ‘SFFCCCKS OFFEE.' Try saying that out loud. Zara has become ‘Zare', and H&M is ‘H&N.' These aren't shops producing counterfeit versions of the goods offered by the real brands. They're just facades. The entire building is actually vacant.
The shopping district has earned the name ‘Street of Fakes' for these and many more fake high-end boutiques that look real from a distance, potentially luring in excited shoppers who approach an Apple Store only to find that it's ‘Appla,' and the door is locked.
The signs were erected to appeal to potential property buyers, ostensibly by making the district feel more luxurious than it really is. There's a good chance that some of the signs will have to come down, since they're infringing on copyright laws. But in China, there really are counterfeit versions of all sorts of businesses that sell actual goods, like KFC ripoff ‘KLG.'
Property owners often get creative in their efforts to spruce up vacant shops. In North Tyenside, England, where more than 140 businesses closed up shop due to the flagging local economy, the council erected fake storefronts with murals that create an illusion of the real thing.
Jitendra Depuriya, a member of a Hindu nationalist vigilante group established to protect cows, is pictured with an animal they claimed to have saved from slaughter, in Agra August 8, 2016. — Reuters pic
NEW DELHI, May 30 — An Indian court today temporarily suspended a ban imposed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government on the sale of cattle for slaughter, dealing the first legal blow to the controversial measure.
The government last week prohibited the sale and purchase of cows—an animal considered sacred for Hindus—for slaughter across India.
The sudden ruling sparked protests against what many saw as an overreach by the Hindu-right Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). Some states where cow slaughter is legal vowed to fight the decree.
The Madras High Court in the southern state of Tamil Nadu stayed the federal ban on Tuesday, becoming the first jurisdiction to mount a successful challenge.
“The court ruled that the order be put in abeyance for four weeks and asked the central and state governments to reply to the petition filed by my client,” Ajmal Khan, a lawyer for the petitioners, told AFP.
The petitioners from Tamil Nadu objected to the ban, saying it infringed on their right to eat what they choose.
Beef and buffalo meat is a common delicacy in some south and northeastern Indian states but taboo in most of India.
Some states organized “beef fests” to protest the ban. Organisers in Kerala state killed a calf, triggering outrage and counter rallies by BJP supporters where cows were adorned with flowers.
The slaughter of cows, as well as the possession or consumption of beef, is banned in most but not all Indian states. Some impose up to life imprisonment for infringements.
The new federal ban affected not just the trade in cows but bulls, bullocks, buffaloes, calves and camels.
Kerala, West Bengal, Meghalaya and Puducherry—four jurisdictions that allowed cow slaughter—have said they will resist the ban.
Modi's ascent to power in 2014 has spurred demands for a nationwide ban on cow slaughter by radical Hindu groups, who often resort to violence over the sacred animal.
At least a dozen people, mostly Muslims, have been killed by Hindu mobs over rumours that they were eating beef, slaughtering cows or smuggling them. — AFP
The Dark Soul
All trophies obtained. Congratulations!
6.2%
Very Rare 16.93%
Rare
To Link the Fire
Reach "To Link the Fire" ending.
28.0%
Rare 40.95%
Uncommon
Dark Lord
Reach "The Dark Lord" ending.
19.2%
Rare 30.89%
Uncommon
Knight's Honor
Acquire all rare weapons.
6.6%
Very Rare 17.46%
Rare
Wisdom of a Sage
Acquire all sorceries.
11.7%
Very Rare 23.63%
Uncommon
Bond of a Pyromancer
Acquire all pyromancies.
10.4%
Very Rare 22.35%
Uncommon
Prayer of a Maiden
Acquire all miracles.
7.3%
Very Rare 18.37%
Rare
Covenant: Way of White
Discover Way of White covenant.
68.5%
Common 77.67%
Common
Covenant: Blade of the Darkmoon
Discover Blade of the Darkmoon covenant.
27.2%
Rare 39.94%
Uncommon
Covenant: Warrior of Sunlight
Discover Warrior of Sunlight covenant.
23.5%
Rare 36.14%
Uncommon
Covenant: Forest Hunter
Discover Forest Hunter covenant.
42.4%
Rare 53.56%
Common
Covenant: Darkwraith
Discover Darkwraith covenant.
21.4%
Rare 32.95%
Uncommon
Covenant: Path of the Dragon
Discover Path of the Dragon covenant.
32.9%
Rare 45.53%
Uncommon
Covenant: Gravelord Servant
Discover Gravelord Servant covenant.
29.8%
Rare 41.28%
Uncommon
Covenant: Chaos Servant
Discover Chaos Servant covenant.
43.7%
Rare 55.56%
Common
Strongest Weapon
Acquire best wpn through standard reinfrc.
23.6%
Rare 34.69%
Uncommon
Crystal Weapon
Acquire best wpn through crystal reinfrc.
12.3%
Very Rare 24.54%
Uncommon
Lightning Weapon
Acquire best wpn through lightning reinfrc.
25.9%
Rare 37.98%
Uncommon
Raw Weapon
Acquire best wpn through raw reinfrc.
18.1%
Rare 31.62%
Uncommon
Magic Weapon
Acquire best wpn through magic reinfrc.
10.9%
Very Rare 22.86%
Uncommon
Enchanted Weapon
Acquire best wpn through enchanted reinfrc.
15.5%
Rare 27.94%
Uncommon
Divine Weapon
Acquire best wpn through divine reinfrc.
15.9%
Rare 27.81%
Uncommon
Occult Weapon
Acquire best wpn through occult reinfrc.
13.0%
Very Rare 25.47%
Uncommon
Fire Weapon
Acquire best wpn through fire reinfrc.
15.8%
Rare 27.60%
Uncommon
Chaos Weapon
Acquire best wpn through chaos reinfrc.
13.9%
Very Rare 25.52%
Uncommon
Enkindle
Light bonfire flame.
95.4%
Common 97.83%
Common
Estus Flask
Acquire Estus Flask.
92.0%
Common 95.77%
Common
Reach Lordran
Arrive in Lordran.
87.5%
Common 92.89%
Common
Ring the Bell (Undead Church)
Ring Bell of Awakening at Undead Church.
62.5%
Common 72.19%
Common
Rite of Kindling
Acquire the Rite of Kindling.
44.5%
Rare 55.85%
Common
Art of Abysswalking
Acquire the Art of Abysswalking.
45.6%
Rare 56.99%
Common
Reach Anor Londo
Arrive in Anor Londo.
48.6%
Rare 59.46%
Common
Lordvessel
Acquire the Lordvessel.
45.5%
Rare 56.83%
Common
Defeat Gravelord Nito
Defeat the Soul Lord Gravelord Nito.
38.3%
Rare 50.38%
Common
Defeat Bed of Chaos
Defeat the Soul Lord Bed of Chaos.
37.3%
Rare 49.50%
Uncommon
Defeat the Four Kings
Defeat the Four Kings, inheritors of souls.
38.9%
Rare 51.02%
Common
Defeat Seath the Scaleless
Defeat Seath the Scaleless, inheritors of souls.
38.7%
Rare 50.89%
Common
Defeat the Dark Sun Gwyndolin
Defeat Dark Sun Gwyndolin, the Darkmoon God.
28.1%
Rare 40.26%
Uncommon
A Republican sweep of the Senate this week has put President Obama's climate agenda in the cross hairs, with EPA's proposed rule on power plant carbon emissions as an obvious early target.
While control of the Senate may not give Republicans the ability to quash the rule outright, it does indicate that that U.S. EPA and the president will face pushback every step of the way between now and the rule's completion, according to legal experts who spoke this week on the election's outcome and its implications for the Clean Power Plan.
The most direct line of attack is a legislative broadside, advanced through the House and Senate to the president's desk. Scott Segal, an energy lobbyist at Bracewell & Giuliani, said that they expect Republicans to challenge the rule through tailored legislation and also attempt to nullify it through the Congressional Review Act, which allows Congress to overrule federal regulations.
With Tuesday's victories under their belt, it's conceivable that Republicans could secure enough support from moderate Democrats and independents to override a filibuster from the Democratic minority, according to Nathan Richardson, an assistant professor at the South Carolina School of Law. But President Obama's veto power would still stand as a backstop, requiring a full two-thirds majority—66 votes—to be overridden.
Shannon Maher Bañaga, a senior manager of governmental affairs for Public Service Enterprise Group Inc., told attendees at an Energy Bar Association conference this week that while they don't imagine that the Senate will ultimately come up with enough votes to override a veto, that doesn't mean Republicans won't look to the Congressional Review Act.
"It's certainly something that we've seen used before," they said. "I fully expect them to try to do it even before the rule is final."
Pressure points for Congress
A more pressing concern within the environmental community is that Republicans in Congress or conservative state legislators will ask for concessions on the plan, and that Obama or EPA, seeking compromise, will accept.
In Congress, the more practical approach might be for the GOP to threaten to withhold funding from EPA through the appropriations process unless the proposal is changed.
"You might have a rider, not that sets aside the Clean Power Plan entirely, but that makes narrowly made changes to that plan," Segal said. "Then the president would be confronted with a choice: Do I essentially shut down the EPA, or do I work with the Republicans in the House and the Senate to reform my proposal?"
Incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) has already promised that Republicans will use their leverage over the government's purse strings to push back at Obama's agenda on multiple fronts.
States, meanwhile, are already weighing in on the rule, in many cases to ask for guarantees that its impacts won't damage their employment or economies. Responding to requests from state agencies, EPA extended the comment period on its rule through Dec. 1 and expects to receive more than a million comments by that time.
While state agencies work out plans to meet the Clean Power Plan's targets, a number of state governors have already made their outright opposition to the rule clear. Governors of 15 states sent a Sept. 9 letter to Obama expressing their objections. A coalition of opposed governors could constitute a major roadblock where state lawmakers must approve implementation plans.
Segal noted that the Clean Power Plan is "in the laps of the governors to implement," and 31 of those governors are Republicans, some of whom are "recalcitrants" who have already spent several years obstinately opposing the Democratic administration's health care overhaul.
Adding to the rule's obstacles, experts at an Energy Bar Association conference this week noted, some state legislatures meet as infrequently as every other year and will be in a time crunch to sign off on proposals.
"That's a timing issue, even though the rule included multiple years for states to put their plans together," said Phil Assmus, senior staff associate for the National Association of Clean Air Agencies.
Can the grid handle the rule?
While the final form of the Clean Power Plan remains unknown, critics have already identified several structural issues they say could fundamentally undermine the rule's viability. Now that Republicans head key Senate committees on energy and the environment, they will have wide leverage to bring these issues into the limelight, much as their counterparts in the Republican-controlled House did in hearings this summer (ClimateWire, Sept. 10).
One of those issues is grid reliability. In comments to EPA, a number of utilities and regional grid operators have expressed concern about the plan's forecasts for renewables, fuel switching and energy efficiency gains.
In a report out this week, the North American Electric Reliability Corp., a nonprofit regulatory authority charged by the federal government with oversight of reliability in U.S. power systems, found that it still lacked adequate analysis to know whether the plan's targets are achievable.
Those findings prompted a response from the office of Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska), who will take the reins as the new chairperson of the Senate Energy Committee, that the report "validates the concerns" Murkowski holds about the impact of the rule (Greenwire, Nov. 5).
Another aspect of the plan that is likely to see significant airing in future hearings is the rule's "outside the fence line" approach, which allows states to look beyond power plant modifications to demand-side efficiency and the adoption of renewable energy when controlling greenhouse gas emissions.
While even supporters of the Clean Power Plan acknowledge the approach as novel, some legal experts see it as too broad an interpretation of EPA's authority under the Clean Air Act.
Freelance reporter Emily Holden contributed.
Reprinted from Climatewire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC. www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
Don't get me wrong. Not every conservative has a winning personality and not every liberal is a toothache in search of a mouth to inhabit. In fact, one of the single nicest people I know is a liberal (Hi, Julie Joyce!) Yet and still, it's not a reach to say that most liberals, especially the ones that are politically active, are just generally difficult to get along with.
It's not just me saying that either. I've interviewed more than one big name conservative who has told me that they moved over to the right in large part because the other liberals they were around were such insufferable human beings.
John Hawkins: ...I always find the stories of people who ideologically move from the left to the right to be fascinating and I noticed that you used to be a liberal who even worked for Ron Dellums... Michael Medved: Ron Dellums helped to make me a conservative. John Hawkins: How so? What caused you to move to the right? Michael Medved: First of all, even at the time I went to work for Dellums, I knew better. Because I was never that far out. I mean I supported Robert Kennedy, not Eugene McCarthy. John Hawkins: Dellums was even a Communist, wasn't he? Michael Medved: Yeah, they basically are. I worked for Dellums for 6 weeks and then I couldn't stand it anymore. Because I think they so clearly demonstrated some of the most malign and malevolent tendencies of the American Left. Corruption, drug use, Communist sympathies if not Communist party membership.
John Hawkins: A related question, I guess you would have been pretty surprised when you said in the book that while Christians "hold religious beliefs against homosexuality," they are some of the most tolerant, understanding, and kind people I have ever met. So was that a big surprise for you when you weren't getting condemned?
Tammy Bruce: Yes, it was; it was shocking. For me it was quite life-changing in my sense of how I viewed the world and I was also, when it comes to my view of Christians, quite surprised by how happy they were. I mean, I remember being on the left; no one is happy, trust me. They (are the) the biggest group of miserable people you would ever want to meet. Everything is wrong, everything is going bad, everyone is after you, everyone wants to get you, people are building camps. To speak with finally, on talk radio, with Christians, I was struck first by the genuine happiness from these people and also the fact that even though they disagreed with me, finally I was having conversations with people who were curious, disagreed with me, but didn't want to hurt me, were interested in persuading me, and it was quite a revelation, I have to say. I owe my beginning in talk radio to that kind of --- it's the only place really where you can have that kind of exchange between someone like myself and conservative Christians and have it be safe and have it be really life-transforming.
Why are liberals so unpleasant to be around?
1) They're unhappy: Study after study shows that conservatives are happier people than liberals. The difference can be staggering.
In 2004, people who said they were conservative or very conservative were nearly twice as likely to say they were very happy as people who called themselves liberal or very liberal (44 percent versus 25 percent). Conservatives were only half as likely to say they were not too happy (9 versus 18 percent).
Unhappy people are generally disagreeable because when you're miserable, you tend to become very selfish. If you want an example of how that works, go hit yourself on the hand with a hammer and while you're writhing in agony, see how much time you spend thinking about helping other people as opposed to wishing you hadn't smashed your own hand.
2) Liberals don't care as much about tradition: Although it goes without saying that people who worship change for change's sake don't care very much about customs, you might wonder why that would make such a big difference. Well, as Thomas Sowell has noted, "Civilization has been aptly called a 'thin crust over a volcano.' The anointed are constantly picking at that crust."
In many cases, societal conventions represent the accumulated wisdom of previous generations. Through trial and error, they discovered that there are certain things you can do that help keep a society running well. There are reasons why people get together and sing Christmas carols in the town square, refuse to insult people immediately after they die, treat marriage as sacred, and don't turn funerals into campaign rallies. Because liberals tend to think they're smarter than all those old dead people simply by virtue of being liberal, they tend to ignore those conventions and create disorder and havoc around themselves in the process.
3) Liberals see people who disagree as evil: Liberals see themselves as part of a Manichean struggle in which they're trying to create Utopia on earth while they're being opposed by people who want to do evil for evil's sake. In other words, liberals are about as complex as your average comic book from the fifties. As Charles Krauthammer has said,
To understand the workings of American politics, you have to understand this fundamental law: Conservatives think liberals are stupid. Liberals think conservatives are evil.
When you attribute disagreements with Barack Obama to racism, opposition to gay marriage to homophobia, standing against abortion as hatred of women, and a desire to balance the budget to loathing of the poor, you have a hopelessly simplistic view of the world that makes you utterly impervious to reason. Stupid, you may be able to educate, but evil, you have to defeat -- and liberals are seldom picky about the means or the manners they use while trying to do so.
4) Liberals aren't very religious: Liberals are overwhelmingly either atheists or agnostics, people who don't take their religious beliefs very seriously in the first place, or people who allow their ideology to completely subvert their religious beliefs. This is no small matter because religion is one of the great civilizing forces. That's not to say that even sincere practitioners of a religion always do the right thing because as Rick Warren has noted, "The church is a hospital for sinners, not a hotel for saints." However, if you take human beings with open minds, put them in a pew and expose them to "Love thy neighbour as thyself" and "Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them" long enough, it will curb their nature and make them into much better people than they otherwise would have been.
5) Liberalism encourages arrogance: Liberals tend to believe they're brilliant, compassionate, moral, enlightened, perceptive, and courageous, not because of anything they've actually done, but just because they're liberal. When you completely divorce a person's self image from their behavior, it produces terrible results -- like liberals who hurl abuse at conservative women while believing that they're feminists or selfish left-wingers who've never given a dime to charity, but believe themselves to be much more compassionate than people who tithe 10% of their income.
Now, on some level, liberals know this is all a big sham. But, even that can be problematic because unstable high self-esteem actually causes more bad behavior and violent behavior than low self-esteem. As Roy Baumeister noted in Evil: Inside Human Violence and Cruelty,
The sequence goes something like this. Someone tells you that you are not very competent at something. If you are a shame-prone person, you start to experience that sinking feeling that the other person may be right and this is not the only thing that you are bad at, and maybe you are just a worthless loser in general. You start to feel panic, anxiety, and misery, and your heart beats faster. To break free of those feelings, you reject the premise. You are not incompetent in the way the other person said. The other person had no right to say that to you, and he's completely wrong. Your feelings are now directed outward at him, instead of yourself, and the effects of your faster heartbeat and general arousal transfer into intense anger at the person who has so unfairly insulted you. You want to hit him.
Congratulations! You've just graduated from "Interactions with Liberals 101."
CLOSE Columnist Marc Saltzman takes a look at one solar panel provider, Vivint Solar, and how their offerings work. Marc Saltzman, Special for USA Today
Tesla is now taking preorders for its Solar Roof, and has a Powerwall battery to store excess energy to use at night or as backup power. (Photo11: Tesla)
Now that spring has sprung, many homeowners are looking to improve their living space — whether it's a renovation or redecoration, a gardening or landscaping project, or perhaps it's time to become less reliant on the grid.
Finding ways to save energy and money in your home isn't a new concept, but there are many more options available today – led by improvements in solar power. And falling costs help the cause, too: according to the Solar Energy Industries Association, prices of solar have dropped by 60% over the last decade.
If you're itching to rely less on your electric company, the following is a look at a couple of solar options in some (but not all) areas.
Solar power heating up
No longer a fringe industry, solar power is beginning to catch on. So, yes, you're not imagining things if you're seeing more solar panels on your neighbor's roofs. Just ask Vivint Solar, a company that just hit a milestone of 100,000 installations across 16 states.
Founded in 2011, Vivint Solar provides homeowners with high-efficiency solar panels, plus they take care of installation and maintenance. The company offers an 86-point service check upon installation by employees (not subcontractors) for a consistent installation standard. While solar energy production depends on weather patterns and sun hours, panels are designed to produce between 280 and 290 watts of solar energy, saving homeowners a conservative estimate of 10% to 30% on electricity.
And yes, solar panels can still produce solar energy on overcast days. (Germany, which gets about as much sunshine as Alaska, has five times as much solar power as the U.S., likely because of how costly electricity is in the country).
The cost of solar panels can vary drastically from home to home, but some key factors include size of the system needed (the larger the home, the more it costs), and location of where the system will be installed. A study by University of California's Berkeley Lab found solar panels also increase property value, by as much as $15,000.
Other popular solar providers include Sunrun, Sunnova, and SolarCity (bought by Tesla one year ago). Many residential solar providers are listed at energysage.com and google.com/sunroof.
Vivint Solar has made more than 100,000 installations. (Photo11: Vivint Solar Developer, LLC.)
How does it work? In the case of Vivint, there are two offerings. One is paying for installation outright, or securing financing, and you own the panels. Costs typically start between $20,000 and $30,000, but there are government incentives you may be eligible for. Any excess power you generate might also be sold back to the electric company, to give you a credit towards your utility bills. The second option is called “PPA” or “Power Purchase Agreement” lease, where there's no upfront costs to install the solar panels, but you'll pay Vivint Solar per watt over a 20-year term, with rates lower than your power provider, says the company. You may still sell excess power back to your electric company.
Power play
Tesla's Powerwall battery to store excess energy to use at night or as backup power. (Photo11: Tesla)
Announced in 2015, Tesla's Powerwall is a large rechargeable lithium-ion battery that, when paired with solar panels on your roof, stores surplus electricity for future use. Therefore, Powerwall can be used to power your home at night, and it serves as a backup battery, too, such as protecting your home during a power outage — to keep your lights on, Wi-Fi working, and refrigerator running.
Easy to install and with no maintenance, Powerwall can be mounted to a wall or stacked up on the floor. Measuring 44 x 29 x 5.5 inches, there's no exposed wires or hot vents, so it's child- and pet-friendly, plus it's water-resistant and dustproof for indoor or outdoor installation. It runs quietly, says Tesla, and uses an internal inverter to convert DC energy to AC energy, lowering costs. The Tesla app lets you monitor and manage your Powerwall, solar panels, or Tesla vehicle.
(Vivint Solar has said it is also exploring home energy storage options, by the way.)
Tesla's Powerwall battery. (Photo11: Tesla)
The official website has a slider for you to select how many bedrooms your home has, ranging from one (about 10 kWh per day) to 6+ (70 kWh or more per day), and it'll suggest how many Powerwalls you'd want to install. One Powerwall costs $6,200 for equipment, with an estimated installation cost of $800 to $2,000 – not including solar installation, electrical upgrades (if needed), taxes, permit fees, or other associated charges. Two Powerwalls cost $11,700 for the equipment. Depending on how much energy you need, up to 10 Powerwalls can be used in a home.
Tesla also announced on Wednesday it is accepting $1,000 deposits for its Solar Roof, made of shingles that resemble conventional roof tiling. Available in early 2018, costs are $21.85 per square foot, but according to Tesla's online calculator, it could set back a homeowner as much as $75,000 – a big pill to swallow up front – though the company says would be paid off over 30 years, and with a lifetime guarantee on the solar tiles.
Related:
Check your address
If you're curious about how much power you might be able to generate by solar power, check out Google's Project Sunroof (google.com/sunroof) for a free analysis. This tool uses Google Earth imagery to gauge your roof shape and local weather patterns to create a personalized solar plan. You can get a sense of how much you'd save on your electric bill, and then compare loan, lease, and purchase options for your solar panels. The last optional step is to contact solar providers from the list to get estimates.
Follow Marc on Twitter: @marc_saltzman. E-mail them at askmarcsaltzman@gmail.com.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rbPmbE
Twenty years ago Wales (barely) said Yes to devolution. Despite a Welsh Assembly being supported by the wildly popular new Prime Minister Blair and opposed by the very unpopular Conservatives, the public gave the most grudging endorsement to partial self-rule.
A lot of water has flowed under many Welsh bridges since then. Public opposition to devolution fell away surprisingly quickly after 1997; the latest evidence, which I will be presenting in Cardiff on Monday, confirms that a clear majority in Wales now support devolution. There is little political opposition either. The Conservatives swiftly accepted the referendum result; since returning to power at Westminster they have overseen two Wales Acts transferring additional responsibilities to the National Assembly. Many Tory voters remain unconvinced and they constitute a large portion of Wales' remaining devo-sceptics. But there is no chance of a Conservative manifesto advocating abolition: we are all devolutionists now.
But that does not mean all is well. And it is Brexit that is stirring the pot. Wales voted for Brexit – following the line of Tory Assembly leader, Andrew RT Davies, but against almost every other member of the Welsh political elite. Yet delivering Brexit poses substantial challenges to devolution, and could have troubling implications for Theresa May's government, and the UK as a whole.
The devolution legislation for all three non-English nations have always explicitly assumed EU membership. Many major devolved policy areas, like agriculture, fisheries and the environment, are heavily ‘Europeanised'. Brexit will presumably mean removing much of the external European scaffolding that has surrounded the internal constitutional innovation of devolution. A question almost un-asked during last year's referendum was what happens if that scaffolding is removed.
The governments in both Edinburgh and Cardiff contend that devolved policy areas are devolved and will remain so. Any greater freedom of policy movement in these areas generated by Brexit will be for them to exercise. If any new cross-UK frameworks are needed – animal health regulations are often given as an example – then these must be for all the different governments involved in running these policies to agree.
The UK government takes a very different view. Powers are returning from the EU to the UK, and it is for the UK government and parliament ultimately to decide where those should rest. They are prepared to talk to the devolved governments – although those talks in general do not seem to be going well. But there is a clear hierarchical understanding of the relationship.
Beneath the technical detail of statutes and policy implementation lies a fundamental philosophical difference. When they changed their policy on devolution the Tories accepted partial self-rule for the UK's non-English nations. But they – and, in truth, nearly everyone else in Westminster and Whitehall – show little sign of understanding, let alone accepting, the other dimension of sub-national political empowerment that scholars have identified: shared-rule, wherein the constituent units of a state participate in deciding the allocation of powers and resources across the state as a whole.
Shortly after the general election, the Welsh Labour government made a strong pitch for new structures of shared rule in the UK, to help address the implications of Brexit. And it was striking to see, in immediate response to the publication of the EU Withdrawal Bill, a joint statement issued by the Scottish and Welsh First Ministers. Given the toxic relationship between their respective parties this was an extraordinary thing for Nicola Sturgeon and Carwyn Jones to do. But considerable common ground exists between a Welsh Labour government that has been thinking increasingly radically about the transformation of the UK and an SNP government that, after its recent setback at the general election, has rediscovered an interest in reconstructing the British state and not simply leaving it.
Twenty years on from the referendum, devolution is, and has been for some time, the settled will of the Welsh people. But there isn't much about devolution itself that is settled. Brexit is the next battleground on the UK's devolution journey.
Henry David Thoreau has been haunting me lately. I've been settling into a new apartment, decorating and adorning it for hours and hours. One afternoon, the spine of Walden glared at me from the bookshelf and I opened onto “Economy.” Thoreau attacked me, directly, from the page. “Before we can adorn our houses with beautiful objects the walls must be stripped, and our lives must be stripped, and beautiful housekeeping and beautiful living be laid for a foundation,” he'd written. From the midst of a life that's muddled like a closet with too many clothes, I started to feel like an Ivan Ilyich—fallen from a stepladder, on the verge of contracting a fatal wound as I hang the perfectly banal drape. I don't know what it is Thoreau wants from me, but I know that money is tight these days—for me, for everyone. The periodic dreams of material luxury that I harbor have been mostly absent for months. Yet I sense that I've been frivolous.
Perhaps I've invoked the specter of Thoreau myself. As someone with a thirst for eccentric or astringent disciplines—but without a fixed religious tradition to craft and mold these penchants in reliably holy ways—I've probably given them too much prophetic authority in my life. More than he'd want or deserve. When they went out to Walden Pond and built a tiny little house in the woods, they were staging an experience, trying to live a radically simple life, creating a report that might be used as a guidebook for those who had the cojones to try it for themselves. But I've read their words as a disciple would. I've taken him, I suppose, as an early example of someone like myself: ascetically oriented (me in a mild sense, I suppose) yet doctrinally, theologically, philosophically promiscuous.
Right or wrong, I'm not alone. When I made a pit-stop pilgrimage to Walden Pond this summer (between my house in Jersey and a holiday in Maine) I walked out to the site where Thoreau's little house once stood. The shack was gone, and it in its place stood a pile of stones, a massive cairn—comfortingly marking a trail. Some stones were painted with crudely affectionate images and messages. One was embossed with names and dates of a young man (1972-2006)—a gravestone. Someone had been left to rest eternally in that place. I had the sense that it had been made into sacred ground of sorts—a sanctum sanctorum, a wooded, open-air temple.
When I stopped by to peruse the bookshop on the grounds, the purveyor took note of my reading material (The Spiritual Journals of Henry David Thoreau, The Gita within Walden) and, perhaps, sighted a kindred. We struck up a conversation on Thoreau's analyses of God, and of the Gita. Turns out that this guy, Richard Smith, is about as close as you can get to a modern-day disciple of the man himself. He's there doing living history. For more than a decade they have been “becoming” Thoreau: dressing up in meticulous 19th-century regalia, reading their essays in front of crowds, fielding questions (in the first person) from the public, about the man's personal life and politics. Eleven years ago, they moved to Concord (from Akron, Ohio, where they were working in a living history museum) with their ex-wife (also a living historian) to turn Walden into their sanctum sanctorum. I was impressed by the deliberateness of this passion—or, perhaps, obsession. I started to wonder if they might be the closest I'd get to a ghost. I thought we should sit down for a chat.
Richard: I often wonder what they would think about all of this. Me, doing living history as him. You know, do they like it, do they not like it?
Beatrice: Do you feel like he's watching? What do you think he'd say?
Richard: I don't think they would be impressed. Once, I was leading a walk through Walden Pond as Thoreau. I had a group of eighth graders with me. And one asked, “Mr. Thoreau, if you knew that there was a guy 150 years from now pretending to be you, what would you say?” And at first I was really impressed, and I was thinking, “Oh, what a great question.” And without even missing a beat, I said (and I think this was a very “Henry” answer), “I would tell them to get their own life and leave mine alone.” I do think this is what he'd say. On the other hand, I'm also turning a lot of people on to him. So, I'm sure he'd appreciate the PR.
Beatrice: In a sense then, maybe you've chosen to be a bit of a Thoreau evangelist?
Richard: Well, I want people to be aware of a few things. I want people to be aware of the fact that Thoreau was a living, breathing, funny, spiritual guy.
Beatrice: You were telling me earlier, when you were talking about discovering the Transcendentalists, that Thoreau had been the one to really… “blow your mind” is the phrase you used, I think.
Richard: It is the phrase I used.
Beatrice: What was it? What did that for you?
Richard: Well, I come from a fairly conservative background. When I was in my early 20s I got pretty involved in the punk scene in Ohio. I sang in a couple of punk bands in the early 80s. You know, I voted for Angela Davis and the Communist Party one year, for president. I was raised very Catholic, and conservative, and Republican. But by the time I got involved in the punk scene I'd become pretty left-wing, pretty “radical.” I was also studying to become an historian, and I was always attracted to the troublemakers in American history. Not just Thoreau, but Abby Hoffman, William Lloyd Garrison, Frederick Douglass, Thomas Paine. All of the rebels. I really liked them. When I started to read the Transcendentalists, I think it was Thoreau who I was most interested in. I mean, I love Emerson, but they just always seemed a little stodgy to me. Whereas Thoreau—people talk about how their hair was always uncombed. And they wore old clothes.
Beatrice: So once you got into the Transcendentalists, what was it that kept you reading them?
Richard: You know, Thoreau is just a small part of this radical, vibrant group of thinkers in the mid-19th century. People like Theodore Parker, or Margaret Fuller, or Lizzie Peabody. These people are all fighting for women's rights, they're fighting for African-Americans' rights. They're fighting for an end to unjust war. They're questioning the government, they're questioning the church. They're talking about a pantheistic spirituality. So the radicalism is, I think, what attracted me more than anything else. A lot of old hippies like to say that Thoreau was the first hippie. But I like to say, sometimes, that they were the first punk rocker. They didn't care what people thought. They questioned the government. Hippies tend to be peacemakers, peace and love. But Thoreau saw nothing wrong with someone like John Brown trying to violently end slavery.
Beatrice: But, isn't part of punk music about re-directing that violence?
Richard: Absolutely. I don't want to sit here and say that killing slaveholders was a good thing. But you have to consider what an abomination slavery was in the first place. Thoreau talks about that. They say that if you're upset about the death of a slaveholder then you should be upset about the institution of slavery.
Beatrice: So it was really the spirit of revolt that attracted you to Thoreau, initially?
Richard: Absolutely. It's a kind of spiritual radicalism.
Beatrice: What do you mean by that?
Richard: Well, the reason they didn't pay their poll tax was because they were protesting the Mexican War, and they were protesting slavery. But the reason they were protesting these things was because they were following their conscience. A conscientious man, who followed their conscience—the voice of God—which discerned right from wrong had a reason not to pay their taxes. It's not right to support the war in Mexico. You know that it's wrong to support slavery because that's what your conscience tells you. So I really think he's coming at their radicalism spiritually. “Civil Disobedience,” while it's a great political essay, is also a spiritual essay. In Walden they talk a great deal about following your conscience. He's got a whole chapter called “Higher Laws.” For Thoreau, and for some of the Transcendentalists, there are human-made laws, there are laws that tell you what you supposedly can and cannot do. But in Thoreau's mind, in the mind of many Transcendentalists, and in Dr. Martin Luther King's mind for example, there are higher laws that come from God. So, by this view, the things that come from God supersede laws that come from Congress, or Parliament, or the president.
Beatrice: Has this always resonated for you? This idea of higher laws that come from God?
Richard: I guess, being raised Catholic, yeah. I mean, when you're raised as a Catholic [laughs] you're very aware of conscience. But as you get older, as I got older, I started to realize that a lot of the rules in Catholicism weren't really God's rules. There are a lot of rules Catholics have to follow that I don't necessarily think come from God. They're human-made rules. They come from the pope. And the last time I checked, the pope was just a guy.
Beatrice: But what about Transcendentalism and its human-made ideas? How does something human-made like Transcendentalism teach you about higher laws in a way that Catholicism doesn't?
Richard: Well, I think because the Transcendentalists were trying to talk about innate characteristics that you're born with. They weren't trying to be a sect, or even a philosophy. So they might argue that you don't really have to have a figure like Jesus telling you that you should do unto others as you would have done unto you. If you're a thinking, feeling, rational human being, you know that it's wrong to hurt people. You know that it's wrong to kill, and steal, and murder. You just know. Transcendentalism is a very spiritual movement. But it's very humanistic.
Beatrice: Do you consider yourself a Transcendentalist? I mean, do you believe that we bear these innate characteristics, as human beings?
Richard: I don't know that I would consider myself a Transcendentalist. I certainly hold very transcendental ideals. I'm pretty aware of the divinity that's inside of me. And I'm certainly aware of the divinity that's all around me. Gods play a really important role in my life. And I worship nature. One thing I've learned from Thoreau is that your daily life should be your prayer. I feel really, really blessed that I'm able to live how I live, to do what I do. I definitely feel like I'm being blessed by… whatever it is. I mean, really, I worship several different gods. My favorite god is Krishna. How can you not like a god who's blue, and plays the flute, and has lots of women following them around? [Laughs.] I also worship the Shawnee creator, who is a goddess. Them name, translated, is Grandmother. So I'm always thanking both Krishna and Grandmother for all of the blessings that come my way. I don't know. I guess I'm just pretty aware of the divine spark, in me and around me.
Beatrice: Sounds awfully Quaker of you.
Richard: Well, and you know, the Transcendentalists loved the idea of the inner light. And I have to agree. But that doesn't stop me from drinking beer.
Beatrice: You know, one thing I've been thinking about a lot lately as I've been re-reading Thoreau is the fact that “belief” as such doesn't seem to mean a whole lot to him. What you believe doesn't seem to matter as much as the fact that, as you said earlier, your rituals and practices in daily life becomes a kind of prayer. I suppose I find this profoundly important as well. Say you're Catholic, for instance, and you go to church on Sundays. You have these rituals in place, and it doesn't necessarily matter so much what you believe about them.
Richard: Sure, if you murder someone and then go to confession the next week, you're good.
Beatrice: Well, OK, but I'm thinking more about rituals, about the things you do, and how these things are meant to renew a spiritual life. I mean, I think one of the things that interests me about Thoreau—as someone who studies theology—are these tactical spiritual disciplines. A Catholic, for example, will participate in disciplines that have already been constructed, centuries before. They're time-tested. For Thoreau, there's a kind of added challenge. Spiritual disciplines are important, but you make the disciplines up yourself as you go along, depending on your context.
Richard: That's what Thoreau's all about. In Walden, Thoreau meets Alex Therrien. He's a lumberjack, they love it, it's what they want to do with their life. They know that's what he's here for, and he's living this life. And Thoreau was all about that. Thoreau talks about living the life you imagined. And I guess, in a sense, I'm doing it. I've created this crazy career for myself. Kids ask me, “Is it possible to do what Thoreau says we can do?” And I'm like, “Yeah. Look at me. I'm doing what I want to do.” I took this silly hobby of playing dress-up and I turned it into a job. I've earned a living for eleven years doing it. When I read the conclusion to Walden, where Thoreau says that if you live the life you imagine you will meet with a success unexpected in common hours, I feel like I'm doing that.
Beatrice: So regardless of whether he'd approve of your particular method, you're doing what they told you to do. I mean, they might be a little bit uncomfortable, perhaps?
Richard: Yeah. I don't know if he'd want to be put up on a pedestal.
Beatrice: But do you really put them on a pedestal?
Richard: No, you know what, the more I know him, the less I do. In fact, there are some days when I don't even like him. I read their journals a lot and, sometimes, I read a comment that they make about somebody, or something, and I think, “Man, what a dick.” [Laughs.] So, yeah, I don't know if he'd really like what I'm doing. But I've helped them sell a lot of books. Sometimes I imagine that I'm going to die, and go to wherever, and when I get there I'm going to run into Henry and he's going to be like, “You asshole.” [Laughs.] But, then again, maybe he'll give me a big thumbs up.
