The first detailed analysis of what the American Health Care Act would look like in Massachusetts is out.
"It paints a devastating picture," Brian Rosman, policy director at Health Care for All, said of the Republican bill championed by Speaker Paul Ryan and President Trump that was passed by the House earlier this month.
For more than a decade, Massachusetts has had the lowest number of residents without health insurance in the nation. The rate dropped after the passage of a 2006 state coverage law and has remained low under Obamacare. But a study from the Urban Institute, a D.C.-based think tank that bills itself as independent, projects the state's uninsured rate would rise from 2.8 percent to 10.3 percent by 2022 — a nearly fourfold increase.
"We would actually go back to worse coverage than we had pre-Romneycare, pre-2006," Rosman said. The uninsured rate was 8.6 percent in 2005.
That's the worst of two scenarios the study outlines. Under that worst case option, 445,000 residents would lose all or some health coverage. Most of those people — 355,000 — are currently covered under an expansion of Medicaid included in Obamacare. The remaining 90,000 would be expected to lose or drop coverage when the subsidies they receive are no longer available.
In the second scenario, the state spends $1.1 billion to fund the Medicaid expansion but assistance with insurance costs ends — so those 90,000 people still drop their coverage.
"It looks to me like a lose-lose scenario," Rosman said. "Either way people in Massachusetts would have worse health care and more expensive taxes due to the loss of federal funding."
The study was commissioned by the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation for a coalition of more than 70 groups formed to assess the state's options if Obamacare is repealed. Several members of the coalition say the challenges spelled out by the report are daunting.
"It's going to take a tremendous revival of the commitment we all had as a community back in the early 2000s to come together, to figure out how to retain the maximum level of coverage we can in the face of this type of legislation," said Audrey Shelto, president of the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation.
But Shelto says there's a commitment in the state to making sure residents have health insurance. "We're fortunate to be in a state where almost all of the major stakeholders are really, really committed to retaining coverage and have worked very hard to get us to where we are today," Shelto said.
The Urban Institute analysis aligns with projections from Gov. Charlie Baker's administration. They outlined concerns in a letter to House leaders and has turned their attention to the Senate as they draft their own Obamacare replacement plan.
"We have always maintained that coverage is very important as a health care sort of bottom line in our state," said Marylou Sudders, Baker's secretary for health and human services. "We have the highest rate of coverage in the country, we need to preserve that. But we also need to make sure that Medicaid is sustainable in the long run."
The state's largest employer group is among those who expect a more moderate bill to come out of the Senate.
"While there is serious concern about the numbers in this study, I think that's moderated a bit by the belief that this is not the bill that's going to end up coming out of the Congress" said Chris Geehern, executive vice president at Associated Industries of Massachusetts.
Geehern says the report shows the state and country have to figure out how to spend less money on health care.
"This underscores, again, the crying need for everyone to kind of roll up their sleeves and start working on health care costs," Geehern said.
Some experts question the findings of the Urban Institute report.
"It is odd that there is not a broader discussion of the impact of tax credits for those currently not eligible for them under the ACA, for example, those making over 400 percent of the federal poverty level," said Josh Archambault, senior fellow on health care policy at the Pioneer Institute.
And Archambault says a change in regulations could mean more residents move from public to private insurance plans. The report estimates 38,000 people would make this move, part of the reason employer costs would increase by $296 million a year as of 2022.
Uncertainty about what's ahead from Capitol Hill is making a lot of providers, insurers, policy wonks and patients in Massachusetts anxious.
Laura Kiesel, a freelance writer and editor in Arlington, is counting on Medicaid in the coming months for diagnostic tests. They have some early signs of multiple sclerosis. Kiesel says they aren't sure what they would do without Medicaid, known in this state as MassHealth.
"If I have these extra costs of health care, I don't know how I'd be able to afford to live in the Boston area, I don't know how I'd be able to afford to live at all," Kiesel said.
The report says health care spending for all households would rise about $253 million a year with higher deductibles and co-pays.
A LUCKLESS burglar was caught out by a ‘million to one' chance when they tried to sell the proceeds of their crime to the actual owner.
A court heard Daniel Ciamara took their haul to a computer shop and offered to sell them a Blu-ray player and a number of Blu-ray discs.
But as shop worker David Harrison went through the collection to value it they recognised all the titles as being the same as their own.
And they became certain they were being offered their own property when they came across two films which had not been opened and which they knew were recent additions to their collection. Ciamara, 24, of Nottingham Street, Blackburn, pleaded guilty to burglary of a house in Pringle Street. They were committed on bail to Preston Crown Court to be sentenced.
Philppa White, prosecuting, said Mr Harrison was working in Park Computers, Blackburn, when Ciamara came in and asked if they were interested in buying the Blu-ray player and a number of discs.
“As they went through the discs Mr Harrison's suspicions grew,” said Mrs White.
Ciamara was told the shop would be interested in buying but said the Blu-ray player would have to be tested.
“Mr Harrison went home and discovered their back door had been kicked in and their house had been burgled,” said Mrs White.
“The police were informed and when the defendant came to collect their money they were waiting.”
Deborah Morgan, defending, said Ciamara had no previous convictions.
Two men who rescued a deer trapped in Patapsco River ice were each fined $90 by a state Natural Resources Police officer because they did not have life vests aboard the inflatable boat they used to reach the animal.
A 911 caller reported a deer stuck in the ice near Route 648 in Linthicum about 5 p.m. Thursday, Sgt. Brian Albert of the Maryland Natural Resources Police said.
A natural resources officer and a Baltimore County fire crew arrived and were discussing whether to attempt a rescue when two men on the scene decided they would do it themselves, Albert said.
"The river there, I'm told, is probably over 100 feet wide, maybe a little wider," Albert said. The deer was "out toward the middle" of the river, which "more than likely has some current," they said.
"The fire department was kind of game-planning what they would do," Albert said. "With Natural Resources Police, we will attempt, but we are not going to risk a human life for a deer life, as cruel as that may sound. . . . I'm as sympathetic as the next person on that deer being in the water, but when you weigh the risk to the reward, I would probably decide not to try to rescue that deer."
Firefighters and the natural resources officer advised the men not to go out on the water, particularly without life vests, Albert said.
But the men went out in their boat and freed the deer.
Jim Hart, 46, who lives in Carroll County, was driving by and stopped to see what was happening. "I saw something moving," they said. "I saw them trying to break the ice."
Khalil Abusakran, 33, from Baltimore County, said they also are driving by and saw people throwing rocks and sticks at the deer.
Abusakran got a rubber boat from their van. "The deer was stuck and couldn't get up off the ice," they said.
Abusakran and Hart got in the boat and went out into the water, which they said was about 10 feet deep. Hart said they had to work to break the ice using oars and shovels. The two men were finally able to break open a wide enough section of ice for the deer to struggle free.
Abusakran said they thought it looked like the deer was pregnant.
Hart said the Natural Resources Police officer issued them and Abusakran $90 citations for not having personal flotation devices on board. State law requires that all boaters have a personal flotation device with them at all times on any navigable body of water, though they are not required to wear them unless they are younger than 16.
Abusakran said they had two personal flotation devices in their boat and that they repeatedly told the Natural Resources officer that.
Albert said the men could have faced a stiffer charge: disobeying a lawful order.
"They could have been arrested and taken before a commissioner," Albert said. "Our officer erred on the side of the least invasive action that they could take at the time."
Hart said several people had contacted them and offered to pay the citation, but they said that's not the point.
The men said they will fight the citations in court Feb. 18.
Over fifty years ago, physicist Freeman Dyson proposed an awesome, if slightly insane, idea: That an advanced alien civilisation might construct a massive, energy-harvesting sphere around its star, and bunk up inside.
Scientists have never given up on Dyson spheres — we've even conducted a few legitimate searches for their infrared heat signatures. Now, physicists Ibrahim Semiz and Salim Ogur may have an explanation for why we can't seem to find the megastructures. If Dyson spheres exist, they're probably a lot smaller than we thought.
Since Dyson first proposed their massive space habitats, scientists have tried to imagine how such structures could physically work. By and large, researchers have focused on Dyson spheres encircling Sun-like stars. But this scenario poses a few majors, and perhaps insurmountable, problems. For starters, such a sphere would have to be built at a distance of roughly 1AU, the same distance between the Earth and the Sun. That means the structure would be utterly massive, requiring huge volumes of material to construct.
What's more, the surface of the sphere would experience only minuscule levels of gravity. To live on it, humans would either need substantial genetic modification, or some sort of advanced artificial gravity system, the likes of which we haven't been able to piece together, even theoretically.
From "Relics", the Star Trek episode that introduced millions to Dyson spheres.
A white dwarf star — the dimmer stellar remnant left over after a Sun-like star swells up and explodes — might be a better option for Dyson spheres. A white dwarf's habitable zone is much closer, so the sphere would end up being significantly smaller. The researchers calculate that a one metre-thick sphere built in the habitable zone of a white dwarf would require 10^23 kilograms of matter, slightly less than the mass of our moon. A Dyson sphere encircling a white dwarf would also have almost Earth-like gravity, according to the researchers' calculations.
There's just one catch: Because white dwarfs are less luminous than Sun-like stars, the infrared heat signatures emitted by a white dwarf Dyson sphere would be much smaller and harder to detect. If intelligent aliens are out there, it may be a while yet before our scopes are powerful enough that we're able to spot them from Earth. [arXiv via MIT Technology Review]
Top image via Slawek Wojtowicz
A small footnote: The researchers estimate that a Dyson sphere surrounding a white dwarf would be roughly 10 ^6 kilometres in radius. As pointed out by an astute commentator, this puts the newly proposed Dyson sphere within an order of magnitude of the one featured in Star Trek: The Next Generation. It may be new to science, but it seems Star Trek figured this all out long ago.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A driver wanted for a burglary in Cerritos led authorities on a chase for about two hours through much of the greater Los Angeles area Thursday, at one point doing "donut" maneuvers on rainy Hollywood surface streets and then being warmly greeted by by-standers who took selfies with the car in South L.A.
About 3:30 p.m., the driver and their passenger were taken into custody in a residential neighborhood by Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department deputies.
The pursuit began shortly after a 1:30 p.m. burglary call brought deputies to the 12300 block of Charlwood Street in Cerritos, according to sheriff's Deputy Ryan Rouzan. Investigators believe property was taken from the home.
The chase worked its way to the San Gabriel Valley then onto surface streets in South Los Angeles, speeding through neighborhoods onto the northbound 110 Freeway, aerial video from Sky5 showed.
Squeezing by traffic on the freeway's shoulders, the car headed onto the northbound 101 Freeways, exiting at Hollywood Boulevard. The vehicle appeared to be a dark blue Ford Mustang convertible with a black top with two people inside.
In Hollywood, with the top down, the convertible did "donuts" in the street before heading onto the winding roads of the Hollywood Hills.
Passing a KTLA news van on Hollywood Boulevard, the driver flashed a peace sign. Shortly after that, the vehicle struck a spike strip laid out by police, leaving one of its front tires flat.
But authorities generally backed off as the car weaved in and out of traffic, crossing into oncoming lanes and squeezing around other vehicles.
The Mustang made its way from the Hollywood Hills back into Hollywood and then onto the southbound 101 Freeways, where it was briefly blocked in by a tour bus operated by celebrity news website TMZ. The Ford proceeded toward downtown L.A. and onto the southbound 110 Freeways about 3 p.m.
On surface streets in South L.A. the damaged vehicle traveled slowly, with looky-loos waving at the driver and their passenger.
Then, near 51st Street and Central Avenue about 3:30 p.m., the car stopped and was greeted with high-fives by bystanders, with several people posing for photos and sitting on the vehicle. Dozens gathered around the Mustang, and the driver exited.
Soon, deputies approached and the two people who were in the car were handcuffed.
The driver appeared to voluntarily walk backwards toward a deputy, hands behind their back. The passenger jumped out of the vehicle, turned around and was also taken into custody without incident.
Multiple people told KTLA that the driver and their passenger live in the neighborhood where the vehicle came to a stop.
The vehicle was rented, according to DMV records. Investigators did note know if the car was stolen or if the driver or their passengers rented it, Rouzan said.
KTLA's Scott Williams contributed to this article.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Welcome to Off the Clock, my weekly column about the stuff I've been doing while out of the office. Among other things I did over my holiday break, I spent some of my free time watching and thinking about…
Star Wars Episode VII: The Force Awakens
(Heads up, I'm going to talk frankly and openly about elements of The Force Awakens.)
After my first viewing of The Force Awakens, on my way out of the theater, I rushed to tweet a joke I'd been holding back throughout nearly the whole film: “Star Wars: Episode VII: The Millennials Will Be Okay.” I say “joke,” but like a lot of jokes based in observation, I kind of meant exactly what I said. It seemed like an obvious reading. The major members of the new “generation” of Star Wars characters--Rey, Finn, and Kylo Ren--all stood in the shadow of a past in different ways. Or said differently, each is a sort of “fan” of the same Star Wars stories that we know and love, and they all find themselves struggling with the canon.
Towards the start of the movie, Rey's fandom is on full display in the form of a vintage X-Wing helmet and a doll of a rebel pilot--probably Luke, whose sandy footsteps Rey seems to be following in. Finn, a First Order stormtrooper gone AWOL, struggles to distance themselves from the group they were born into--a group that (despite a fairly complex history) likely conjures for the viewer only the image of faceless totalitarianism. Kylo Ren dwells on the good ol' days of Darth Vader, frustrated like a 20-something who thinks that Baby Boomers are right about the rest of their lazy generation.
Like most of us in our own lives, each of these characters has a limited understanding of the universe, and especially of the past. What do other worlds look like? What was “the Galactic Empire” really? Is the Force real, and if so how does it work? Nowhere is this difference in understanding illustrated better than in how these characters view Han Solo: For Ren, he's an uncaring father, for Finn, he's a brilliant war hero, and for Rey he's a legendary smuggler. Each finds their understanding challenged by a more complicated truth: Han was an absent dad because they cared so much; the great Rebellion war hero is a scoundrel without a plan; even seemingly invincible legends die.
In confronting the fact that the world might not quite be what they thought it was, these characters are unmoored from their senses of self. In some moments, Finn can't seem to tell if he's really just trying to escape the First Order or if they have nobler motives. Rey and Ren both struggle with their connection to the Force--the former wanting nothing to do with it despite aptitude, the latter wanting the control they think is their birthright. These dilemmas are pretty classic space opera, but look past the laser swords and they're not so different than the struggles of real people (millennial or otherwise). "Who am I and what the hell is my place in this world?" is the sort of question people have been asking themselves for as long as there have been people.
And this is where it gets interesting.
Beyond "The Hero's Journey"
While (depending on your feelings on metaphysics) the real world leaves us to try to find some subjective meaning for our lives, the world of Star Wars defines the roles of its inhabitants actively--or at least, it's supposed to. It's a universe that seems to present fundamental, inescapable truths. There is a Force that ties us all together. There is a moral Light side and a selfish, immoral Dark side.
The world of Star Wars is (or at least has been) filled with capital T "Truths." This is what made me turn on the series back in my late teens/early 20s. Despite growing up with the franchise, I stopped calling myself “a Star Wars fan” during the prequels. That was partly due to the quality of the those films, yeah, but also because the moralism of the series had begun to grate on me. I was moving into a period of my life where I became more interested in complex understandings of ethics and politics, and I was bored of reading again and again about how the Hero's Journey was the One Way to Tell Stories, and I was especially frustrated by stories that wielded Good and Evil like hammers.
I stand by those developments in my thinking, but what I don't stand by is the brash, Dawkins-esque elitism that they were accompanied by. That elitism led me to dismiss things I didn't like instead of thinking about them. What a huge mistake. It was facile to dismiss that Star Wars morality as being “too black and white.” Yeah, of course it is--that's what they're going for. That shouldn't have been a stopping point for thought, it should've been a first step. Not only should I have asked “Why don't I like this as much as I used to?” but also “What is it doing with this sense of morality and how does it do it?” Not just "Ugh, stop talking about the hero's journey," but "What is the academic heritage of Campbell's famous "monomyth," how does Star Wars utilize those things in a cinematic context? And to what end?"
That heritage is (among other things) a school of 20th century thought called Structuralism. Building on the work of linguist Ferdinand de Saussure and anthropologist Claude Levi-Strauss, structuralists identify and analyze what they see as common, foundational elements inside of any given set of human activity. While others in the field of linguistics were studying how a given language changed over time, Saussure was trying to figure out what was core to the way all languages must work. Levi-Strauss expanded on Saussure's work, looking not only at human language but also at the structure of human stories and mythology. For both Saussure and Levi-Strauss, answering these questions about human activity was key to figuring out universal and intrinsic truths about humans.
Over the decades that followed, structuralist work expanded into analysis of economic, cultural, and political realms. It was often incredibly productive, since it gave people the tools to look not only at individual instances but also broader trends and practices. But structuralism eventually found pushback from folks who doubted that so much was truly "universal." Structuralist thought sometimes minimized real differences between different phenomena, and it often led to grand claims that prioritized the world views of the powerful and established. Some "post-structuralists" kept the toolset of structuralist analysis, but emphasized that the "structures" they were studying were ever-changing, not eternal: "Yes, we can analyze the structure of myths, but that changes as economic, social, technological, and emotional contexts do."
When I finally brought all of this to bear on Star Wars, I realized that it didn't only lean heavily on supposedly "universal" elements of myth-making, but also featured a fictional setting that itself presumes structuralism to be accurate. There is a fundamental organization and underlying structure to all sapient activity in Star Wars: The Force. And as Han says, "It's real, all of it." It's a claim that ancient alien bar-owner Maz Kanata supports, too: In a long enough timeline, "the same eyes appear in different people"--and whether they mean that Star Wars characters are literally reincarnated or just that we're looking at a world of endless, thematic recurrence, the point is clear: There will always be a Luke and a Leia and a Darth Vader, even when they're a Rey and a Finn and a Kylo Ren.
Star Wars communicates its structuralism not only narratively, but also with a fierce cinematic cudgel. It hits you with black masks, with bright blue and red lasers, with orchestral swells, and with the sort of panoramic wide shots that seem to reach out and say “Yes, there is a transcendent, capital T Truth out there.” The lonely, desert sunsets of Tatooine and Jakku; the surge of heroism as an X-Wing squadron drifts in-formation over the waters and forests of Takodana; the Evil of General Hux's gathered mass of potential violence, their stormtroopers, their red banners, their technological supremacy, their eagerness to destroy populations we've barely met. At its highest points, Star Wars is crafted with such mastery that it is easy to convince oneself that it touches something fundamental to all humans, something eternal and real.
"A Man, Nothing More"
The Force Awakens does something surprising, though: It pairs all of this with techniques that destabilize and historicize. The film features endless panoramas, but also a jittery camera inside of a stormtrooper transport. Supreme Leader Snoke is a massive, growling personification of cruelty and ambition, but as their hologram diffuses so does our confidence that they are actually so threatening: Is they just another Wizard of Oz, someone who pulls all the right levers to convince us of their stature? And when General Hux delivers their speech, they aren't channeling some platonic form of Evil. He's channeling what we, the viewers, know and recognize from 20th Century fascism. Their face carries the same combination of self-delusion and self-doubt that many ideologues wear--and Kylo Ren's does the same.
It was a surprise to see Ren's human face, and the reveal has been divisive. For many, it transformed a hateful, masked figure into an angsty little boy. Given the rest of the film's focus on destabilizing the mythic, I suspect that was the point. There is a similar scene towards the end of Knights of the Old Republic II: In the right circumstances, Darth Nihilius--a wordless being who devours the lifeforce of whole planets--can be unmasked to reveal what one of your companions describes as "a man, nothing more." The same could be said for Kylo Ren, or, in a way, even the mega-weapon that the First Order wields to devastating ends. Starkiller Base is not the mechanical, pseudo-moon monstrosity that the Death Star was. It is a planet converted into a weapon in the same way that Kylo Ren is a man converted into a killer The Force Awakens reminds us that evil doesn't need to look like any of the strange alien beings of the Star Wars galaxy. Sometimes it looks just like us.
This is a key thing to remember when considering the anxious response some have had about The Force Awakens' diversity and the heroic competence of Rey, the protagonist who some call a "Mary Sue" (and sometimes do such with the same temper-tantrum tones of an unmasked Kylo Ren). The film recognizes that the heroes of Hollywood--and thus the heroes of modern western mythology--have had wide appeal, but offer shallow representation. To twist Orwell: The stories of Luke, Leia, and Han are universal, but they're more universal for some than others. As much as Star Wars has spoken to a wide audience, it hasn't always spoken for that audience. To address this, the heroes of The Force Awakens are just as adept as the protagonists of the past, but now they're played by a much more diverse crew.
Between Hux's fascism and Ren's anger at Rey's natural prowess, The Force Awakens anticipated some of its most ardent critics well enough to personify them in the film. Ren's frustration is particularly ironic. They believe in a twisted meritocracy: Those who practice drawing upon anger and hate will one day learn to utilize the force's full potential. When they are met with a person who--with no training--is able to outperform him, their worldview is so threatened that they take drastic steps to try to reinforce it. But there are those in the world of Star Wars who are seemingly born with advantages others don't have, and this is as infuriating to Ren as it is to Rey's real life critics. Of course, this has been an uncomfortable fact about the world of Star Wars for as long as there have been Jedi, but before Rey, it went unchallenged. Suddenly, given the form of Daisy Ridley, old fans find an old truth undesirable.
Hux and Ren--and, I think, those angry fans--look backwards towards an elusive (and fictional) past where things were simpler, but The Force Awakens wants us to look forward instead, even though that might be challenging. The world is unfair, it says, and unstable. The things we thought were structural and eternal are in fact human-made and mutable. They're just very, very convincing. Addressing the challenges of the future will require not only people who are preternaturally skilled, like Rey, but also people like Finn, who will do what is needed when others refuse. I am thrilled that The Force Awakens is embracing this unsure future.
It is telling that the despite the heroic successes of its protagonists, the final moments of the film are not rendered in one of the series' bold, enveloping wide shots. Instead, we see Rey and Luke--his face intimating a well of history and thought and just a little confusion.
They stand on a hill on an island on a planet of oceans, the camera spinning around them in a wide, almost dizzy crane shot. The camera shakes, just slightly, hit by wind and a whispered doubt about what's to come.
I also spent some time over the break...
Listening to: The Revenant: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack by Ryuichi Sakamoto, Alva Noto, & Bryce Dessner - If you like this, definitely go back and check out Sakamoto & Noto's previous work, too. I'm a big fan of Summvs.
(Re)Reading: "The Anxious Defenders of Liberalism" by L. Rhodes - Rhodes is a deft writer and thinker who I find myself turning to again and again to help me think through contemporary politics. In this piece, they unpack the long and complicated "political correctness" debate. The historical context is incredibly valuable.
Playing: MechWarrior Online - I think I'm enjoying this? Or rather, I am definitely enjoying it, but the the real-money mech prices make me feel uncomfortable. That said, I haven't felt the need to put any cash into the game so far, and I think I'll be able to keep that streak going.
And A Question For You
Above, I wrote that Star Wars is able to use certain cinematic techniques to convey common feelings in a really evocative way. Can you think of any games that do this, whether with gameplay mechanics, controls, aesthetic design, or something else? If so, how do they do it? My favorite example of this is probably the way that Cart Life requires the player to purchase a watch in order to learn to make accurate predictions about travel times--without one, everything is unpredictable and incredibly stressful.
If I have time to, I'm also going to continue to collect and highlight my favorite comments at the end of the week. If you'd prefer your comment not be included in that post, let me know and I'll respect that.
This past weekend demonstrates that the anti-choice movement, which used to hide its anti-contraception tendencies, has become more relaxed and is giving more space to activists to make arguments about the evils of preventing pregnancy.
The always-excellent Sarah Posner responded to this past weekend's anti-contraception rallies (disguised as “religious freedom” rallies, but timed to coincide with the anniversary of the Supreme Court legalizing contraception) by writing articles profiling some of the anti-choice activists who have really been gaining in prominence because of their unadorned hatred of birth control. The unmistakable conclusion to which all of these points is that the anti-choice movement is feeling way more comfortable by the hour admitting what they've previously tried to keep from being understood by people outside of their movement, which is that they oppose contraception just as they do abortion. Which, of course, makes it clear that their concern isn't “life,” but that “life” is just a code word for making sure that the amount of sex that occurs in this country is minimal both in frequency and pleasure, and geared strictly towards procreation.
On one hand, this new openness with the public about the anti-contraception views anti-choicers have previously shared mostly with each other could be a scary thing. It could mean they feel emboldened by victories that have made abortion more inaccessible even as it remains legal, and now think the public is ready to hear more obviously anti-sex messages that aren't covered in crocodile tears shed for fertilized eggs. On the other hand, this might be the behavior of desperate people trying a new tactic because they realize that the sexual revolution is four generations in and quite likely to become permanent if drastic measures aren't taken. The faux concern about fetuses has not, as they hoped, resulted in a return to 19th century sexual mores, and so maybe they hope a more direct attack on contraception will do the trick.
Of course, that doesn't mean the anti-choice movement is being honest yet. At this point, it's easy to imagine that they don't know how to make a straightforward argument expressing their actual values to the public at large. They don't have any practice, after all. Instead, the strategy is to fling the phrase “religious freedom” around a lot, and use it as a pretense to get their anti-contraception messages into the conservative mainstream. No doubt the hope is they can get people more used to these ideas and eventually they'll be taken seriously in the larger mainstream. After all, this strategy worked well with “free market” libertarian ideology, which used to rightly be seen as the rantings of cranks, but now is the governing philosophy of an entire political party.
Either way, it's good for feminists and our non-misogynist allies to familiarize ourselves with the anti-sex (for women) arguments we're dealing with here, because we're going to be seeing a lot more of them, if the past two years have been any indication. The argument, to summarize, is that contraception has been bad for society and especially for women, because it takes women away from our “natural” and “God-given” duty to stay virgins until marriage, begrudgingly let our husbands relieve their blue balls into us once or twice a year until the flame finally flickers out, have as many children as this ends up creating, and then dying with the knowledge that while this life was relatively colorless and sad, the next one will be pretty good. (And absent all that dirty sex stuff, since there is no “horny” in heaven.) In the meantime, your own unmentionable sexual tension that finds no other outlet can be turned into bitter hatred for other women, which can then be useful to the church and the anti-choice movement because it gives you a reason to push for more anti-choice laws and rhetoric.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
Lest that sound overly harsh, let's look at the actual arguments made by these emerging anti-choice leaders profiled by Posner. In their profile of David Beiret, the found of 40 Days for Life, Posner quotes Beiret calling Griswold v. Connecticut, the Supreme Court decision that legalized contraception, a “tragedy.” Indeed, makes it clear that anti-choice animosity towards Planned Parenthood has as much to do with its contraception services as its abortion services. Probably more, in fact, because while only some Planned Parenthood outlets offer abortion, all offer contraception services. It's contraception that Beiret claims is the cause of “a tragic moral breakdown in our culture,” i.e. women having sex on their own terms and not usually for procreation.
Posner also profiles Helen Alvaré, who works the inevitable role of the weird church lady whose life goal is bringing an end of women having sex for pleasure. Alvaré aggressively argues that the only way to have sex is within marriage, rarely even then, and with an eye towards abstaining completely if you're not trying to get pregnant. Them strategy is to make it all about women, starting with the assumption that women are somehow materially and spiritually damaged every time they touch a penis, and therefore should restrict themselves to only doing so to continue the human race. They claim legal contraception led to “more non-marital sex, the objectification of women, and the likely exercise of a frightening degree of power in the hands of government in its attempt to impose their [sic] will on the population to solve social problems.”
Of course, the problem with that is that the first one isn't actually a problem and the latter two are actually much more of a problem under the patriarchal society that Alvaré longs for. Only someone who misunderstands the word “objectification” can believe that women are more objectified in a pro-contraception culture. (The word means “reducing a person to an object,” even though it's sadly often used incorrectly to mean “is sexually alluring.”) The proliferation of contraception has significantly increased women's right to an autonomous life, and therefore significantly decreased how much they are reduced to objects whose worth is measured strictly in how much value they provide to men as baby machines, sex objects, and free service labor. Objectification is about erasing someone's humanity, especially their autonomy, and using them for their own ends. By demanding that women give up the basic right to self-determination and instead have their lives be run by the whims of Alvaré and the church they serve, it is Alvaré who is reducing women to objects.
Reading these profiles is above all a reminder of just this historical illiteracy that drives anti-choice activists. They are always talking about a time before, when they imagine that sexual repression worked to turn people into largely asexual beings who only had sex on very rare occasions, and otherwise didn't particularly miss it. This time never actually existed. In the Victorian era they idealize, adultery, abortion, prostitution, pornography and even masturbatory aids for women were incredibly common. In the fifties era they imagine as chaste, the teen birthrate was more than twice what it is now, resulting in an avalanche of overly young marriages that created the divorce boom a couple decades later. A real examination of history shows that there never was a pre-sexual era that was then turned sexual by contraception or abortion. All it actually shows is there's no way to turn sexual people non-sexual (and why you would want to will always be a mystery to me), but that you can accept the reality of sex, and work to make it safer and more enjoyable for ordinary people to do what they're going to do whether you like it or not.
A series of car bombs has killed at least 36 people and wounded dozens of others in Shia Muslim areas of Baghdad, officials say.
The attacks on Sunday, the start of the local work week, mostly targeted outdoor markets. Officials said all of the blasts were caused by parked car bombs.
The detonation of a parked car loaded with explosives in the Shia district of Sadr City heralded the start of the attacks late on Sunday morning. Two more parked cars later exploded elsewhere in the poor neighbourhood.
Other blasts erupted in the Baghdad neighbourhood of al-Amin, in an open-air market in Husseiniya, just northeast of the capital, and in the Kamaliya area in Baghdad's eastern suburbs. In all, eight car bombs and two improvised explosive devices (IEDs) had exploded by 2:00pm local time (11:00 GMT).
Police and hospital officials provided the death toll, saying nearly 88 people were wounded in the blasts.
Al Jazeera's Jane Arraf, reporting from Baghdad, said the attacks were "well planned and well co-ordinated".
"[The bombs were placed in] marketplaces and other places where there seemed to be just ordinary civilians. This was midmorning, so those places [...] would have been packed," they said.
Police in Tikrit, meanwhile, said on Sunday morning that they had defused 11 roadside bombs before they could explode, Arraf reported.
Violence in Iraq has fallen since the height of sectarian fighting in 2006 and 2007, but lethal attacks are still common.
A suicide bomber killed a top Iraqi army intelligence officer on Saturday after storming their home in a northern town
and armed groups set off car bombs in Shia areas across the country at the start of the month, killing 34 people.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attacks on Sunday.
The attacks bring the number of people killed in violence this month to at least 150, according to a tally based on reports from security and medical officials nationwide maintained by the AFP news agency.
Fog Creek Software has launched a new rapid online web app development product, HyperDev, which offers a developer platform for building full-stack web apps combining automated deployment, instant hosting, and collaborative editing.
The platform has been in closed beta for several months and is now in open beta. HyperDev works by providing developers access directly into an active NodeJS project. It eliminates the complexity of configuring servers, running shell commands, compiling files, setting up build pipelines, mastering version control systems and more. It removes the challenges developer's face with set up environments, memorize Git, or manually deploying updates.
Fog Creek offers these five key aspects to using the platform:
1. The Fastest Way to Build: In HyperDev the apps developers create are instantly live, hosted by Fog Creek, and are always up to date with the latest changes. As soon as a developer goes to HyperDev a new project is created that's already running with its own URL. As changes are made they are automatically saved and deployed in the background. This makes HyperDev work well for building products, prototyping ideas, and hacking together scripts to solve a problem.
2. The Quickest Way to Get Started: There's no setup required. So that means there's no dev environment setup, no build pipeline to configure, no need to memorize Git, and no manual code commits and deploys. Fog Creek states that the goal was to remove as many of the distractions from coding as possible so developers only need to write code to create a web app. This means HyperDev is especially useful for Hackathons, code tests, and live examples in documentation on GitHub, and elsewhere.
3. A Flexible Way to Code Together: The platform provides the ability to invite teammates and friends to projects with just a link offering the opportunity to collaborate on code and see changes as they're made. This makes HyperDev useful for code reviews, pair programming, and working on projects in teams.
4. An Efficient Way to Create and Learn: Fog Creek is building a community of developers around HyperDev who are sharing their projects that other developers can learn from and re-use. Developers can get started quickly by remixing, or copying and editing, existing community projects. Remixing makes using new frameworks and learning to code easier and there are a number of Get Started projects available that provide jumping off points for persistence, connecting to databases, sending emails, creating APIs, or trying out React, CoffeeScript, Jade and Stylus, among other things.
5. An Easy Way to Get Help or Feedback: Every project gets a URL for editing and viewing so code or creations can be shared. Viewers can watch and review code as it is being written, which facilitates live coding and teaching. Or viewers can see the real thing running and provide feedback to improve and refine it.
Upcoming priorities for the platform include GitHub integration. Fog Creek will be adding branching, to provide a safe place to work on code away from production. Support for other languages beyond just Node.js is also planned for future updates.
Are you paying more taxes than you have to as a developer or freelancer? The IRS is certainly not going to tell you about a deduction you failed to take, and your accountant is not likely to take the time to ask you about every deduction you're entitled to. As former IRS Commissioner Mark Everson admitted, “If you don't claim it, you don't get it.
Get hands-on experience in performing simple to complex mobile forensics techniques Retrieve and analyze data stored not only on mobile devices but also through the cloud and other connected mediums A practical guide to leveraging the power of mobile forensics on popular mobile platforms with lots of tips, tricks, and caveats.
Write and run code every step of the way, using Android Studio to create apps that integrate with other apps, download and display pictures from the web, play sounds, and more. Each chapter and app has been designed and tested to provide the knowledge and experience you need to get started in Android development.
The co-chairpeople of President Obama's deficit-reduction panel issued a draft proposal Wednesday outlining ways to achieve a nearly $4 trillion reduction in national debt over the next 10 years. Among other things, they urge deep cuts in domestic and military spending, raising the retirement age to 69, and ending or curbing popular tax breaks such as the deduction for mortgage interest.
Whose hair will light on fire as they peruse this interim report? Plenty of people. It includes something to make folks of almost every political persuasion mad.
But that may be a point of pride for the leaders of the bipartisan deficit panel, Erskine Bowles, a former chief of staff for President Bill Clinton, and Alan Simpson, a former Republican US senator from Wyoming. They appear to be trying to wake up official Washington to the scale of the problem and the scope of needed solutions.
“A sensible, real plan requires shared sacrifice – and Washington should lead the way and tighten its belt,” said the pair in their draft.
So who won't like this, and why? Here's a partial list here to give you an idea:
Democrats
The co-chairs' proposal would take a paring knife to the big entitlement programs upon which Democrats have built their political appeal for decades. Medicare beneficiaries would have to pay more toward the cost of their health coverage, while the amount Medicare would pay for catastrophic medical conditions would be capped, for instance. The Social Security retirement age for full benefits would rise gradually to 69, for example, while cost-of-living benefit increases would be reduced.
The deficit panel co-chairpeople say Social Security needs to be reformed for its own long-term health, as opposed to deficit reduction. But the program's advocates are suspicious.
“What is really happening is cuts advocates are using the Social Security funds ... to reverse other federal programs that do have deficits or are unpaid [for], and to pay for the tax breaks for the wealthy,” said Robert Weiner, former chief of staff of the House Aging Committee.
Republicans
The proposal raises taxes, which the GOP in general, and tea party adherents in particular, might not like. Every three dollars in spending cuts would be matched by one dollar in revenue enhancements, according to Mr. Bowles and Mr. Simpson. The level of income to which the payroll tax applies would rise, for instance. Popular tax deductions, such as those for mortgage interest and state and local taxes, would be ended.
The gasoline tax would go up by 15 cents a gallon to fund transportation programs.
“It's a very provocative proposal,” said Rep. Jeb Hensarling (R) of Texas, a deficit commission member. “Some of it disturbs me. And some of it I've got to study.”
Others
Generals. The military and defense contractors would face bleaker financial futures under the co-chairs' proposal. The armed forces are a large part of the US budget, and deficit reduction is difficult unless they share the pain, argue Bowles and Simpson. Illustrative suggested cuts include a 15 percent reduction in weapons procurement, a 10 percent reduction in research and development spending, and a three-year freeze on wages for Defense Department personnel.
Lawyers. The proposal includes promises of significant tort reform for medical malpractice cases as a way of lowering America's health-care costs. This is something trial lawyers (and their largely Democratic political patrons) have resisted for years, saying it would deprive those truly harmed of a chance at redress in the legal system.
Farmers. Agriculture subsidies would be reduced by $3 billion annually under the proposal.
Students. Bowles and Simpson would eliminate in-school interest subsidies for student loans.
Bureaucrats. Government workers would have to pay in more towards their retirement plans under the co-chairs' plan.
We could go on, but you probably get the picture. The possible pain is so widespread that it is unlikely Bowles and Simpson will get the nine other Democrats and seven other Republicans who serve as members of their panel to sign on to the plan as it is. If 14 of the 18 total commissioners agree, then the plan gets sent to Congress for a vote in December.
So who likes the plan? Washington's corps of deficit hawks, that's who.
The proposal “represents a commendable, comprehensive, aggressive and good-faith effort to address our nation's structural deficit,” said David Walker, a former Comptroller General of the US who is now CEO of the Comeback America Initiative.
CALGARY- A Calgary woman who opened their home up to supposed flood victims is now at the centre of a criminal investigation—after their home was robbed.
Kara Hickman says they rented a room in their home out to a couple who said they had been displaced by flooding in Turner Valley. They paid them $500 for the month last Thursday, when Hickman was heading out to go camping for the weekend.
When they returned home on Monday, the couple was gone—along with Hickman's truck, laptop, cheque book and sentimental jewelry.
“Everything else can be replaced, but it's family things like heirlooms that can't be replaced,” they say. “That's when it sucks.
“I feel pretty violated.”
Police are now investigating, and are working to recover some of the belongings which have since been posted on Kijiji.
A woman named Renee Lemire is considered a suspect—the same woman convicted of beating and robbing an 92-year-old woman at South Centre in 2009. They have been in and out of jail for more than a decade, and was recently charged with a string of fraud-related offences.
As Hickman sorts through the mess that was left behind, she's doubting their faith in humanity.
“Really, in today's world, as much as you want to help people, it's almost better not to…because things like this happen.”
Well, that didn't take long. With center Jeremy Zuttah going to injure reserve, the Ravens are bringing running back Terrance West up from the practice squad to the active 53-man roster.
RB Terrance West (Towson) is coming up to the active 53-man roster. — Baltimore Ravens (@Ravens) November 18, 2015
The Towson University star got drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the 3rd round of the 2014 NFL Draft. The Ravens were reportedly interested in the hometown player, but were expected to go after them in the 4th or 5th round if they were still available.
West did well in their rookie season, finishing as the Browns' leading rusher with 673 yards on 171 carries and 4 touchdowns. However, a reported attitude issue ended their time with the Browns prematurely as they came into their second season overweight and showing some work ethic issues. That caused the Browns to trade West to the Tennessee Titans where their continued attitude issues got them released 2 weeks ago. The Ravens opted to add them to the practice squad at that point, allowing them to come back home.
Now with West getting pushed to the active squad, we'll have to see where they sit on a depth chart full of running backs. West joins Justin Forsett, Javorius Allen, and Raheem Mostert who has been the team's kickoff returner. The Ravens cut Jeremy Ross recently, possibly making the move to put Mostert as the full-time return specialist, opening up a spot for another running back.
Baltimore also re-signed tight end Konrad Reuland to the practice squad to take West's place. Reuland by this point has to just have a hotel close to the Ravens' practice facility with how often they have been released and re-signed.
A new study by Royal Society Open Science reveals that farmed fish suffer from severe depression.
Salmon who appear to have given up and float lifelessly are known as “drop outs.”
According to Seeker.com , Marco Vindas, the study's lead author and a biologist at the University of Gothenburg, told Discovery News:
I would not go so far as to say they are committing suicide, but physiologically speaking, they are on the edge of what they can tolerate, and since they remain in this environment, they end up dying because of their condition.
Scientists measured significantly higher levels of cortisol, a stress-response hormone, in the drop-out salmon. They also observed increased activity in the serotonergic system, a key regulator of sleep, respiration, and mood. Studies of humans suffering from poverty and other socioeconomic hardships reveal similar findings.
A healthy farm-raised Atlantic salmon is pictured above a growth-stunted drop-out salmon. Photo by Ole Folkedal
Farm-raised fish live in crowded tanks where they often face aggression and a battle for food. They must also endure constant changes in lighting, water depth, currents, and more.
Like pigs, cows, and chickens, fish raised on factory farms suffer immensely. You can help spare fish from these inhumane conditions by switching to a compassionate vegan diet.
Click here for six savory vegan seafood recipes.
Workers build bleachers and the reviewing stand as they prepare for the January inauguration of Virginia Governor-elect Ralph Northam at the Capitol in Richmond on Nov. 20. (Steve Helber/AP)
Control of the Virginia House of Delegates hangs in the balance after one of four scheduled election recounts ended in a tie Wednesday that must now move to the state board of elections, which will choose a winner by drawing a name at random.
Republicans are holding onto their majority in the lower chamber by a hair — they hold 50 seats to 49 seats held by Democrats. Two of the four races under the microscope could tip the balance — particularly the contest in the 94th House District, where Republican Del. David E. Yancey seemingly beat Democratic challenger Shelly Simonds on Election Day by just 10 votes. The recount that took place on Tuesday reversed that outcome, giving Simonds a one-vote edge over Yancey. But a three-judge panel erased that advantage on Wednesday after it counted a questionable ballot that had been set aside during the recount and gave the vote to Yancey. That left the race tied, with 11,608 votes each for Simonds and Yancey, sending it to the board of elections for what is, in essence, a coin toss.
The last of the four recounts is scheduled Thursday.
Election officials and representatives of the candidates who have participated in the recounts so far have been immersed in arcane election law as they try to decipher the intent of voters who didn't properly fill out ballots. For example, if someone wrote “MY MAN” over the favored candidate's name instead of filling in the adjacent circle, that ballot is valid, according to the state board of elections. But if a voter tried to rank candidates numerically, that ballot is considered improper.
Recounts rarely change results. But this year also saw more close House races than any other election in recent memory. And with the chamber currently split 51 to 49, with Republicans leading, a single Democratic pickup would force a power-sharing agreement while two more seats would allow the Democrats to take control for the first time since 1998.
Here's a guide to how recounts work in Virginia, and what to watch for:
Which races are headed to recount?
Dec. 13 and 14: House District 40 where Del. Timothy D. Hugo (R-Fairfax) leads Democrat Donte Tanner by 106 votes.
Update: Hugo prevailed, with their lead shrinking to 99 votes.
Dec. 19: House District 94 where Del. David E. Yancey (R) leads Democrat Shelly Simonds by 10 votes.
Update: Court declined to certify with a tie outcome producing to winner
Dec. 20: House District 68 where Democrat Dawn Adams leads Del. G. Manoli Loupassi by 336 votes.
Dec. 21: House District 28 where Republican Bob Thomas leads Democrat Joshua Cole by 82 votes.
[Race where Republican leads by 10 votes instrumental to future of Virginia politics]
What actually happens during a recount?
Virginia voters fill out paper ballots, which are fed into electronic scanners and tallied by those machines. The ballots, which are secured in the office of the local elections clerk, are transported by sheriff's deputies to the local courthouse (or another government building) for the recount.
There, the ballots are scanned once again by machines that have been tested in advance. Ballots that could not be read are hand-counted by two local election officials, who can be monitored by one observer from each party. Any members of the public and media can be present in the room, but they must be away from the tables where the actual recounts are conducted. (Update: The District 28 recount is closed to the press and general public.)
While improper tallies and ballots lost in machine jams could also be uncovered, veterans of recounts say ballots that were improperly completed tend to be the biggest source of missed votes.
“I would expect vote totals to change, not dramatically, but they will definitely change on both sides,” said Brian Schoeneman, a Republican and former secretary of the Fairfax County's electoral board during two recounts. “The district with the 10 votes is the one everyone should be paying attention to because it has the most chance of flipping.”
How do you figure out a voter's intent?
Even if Virginians filled out their ballots incorrectly, their votes can be tallied if their choice of candidate is clear. Virginia elections officials lay out dozens of possible scenarios involving creative votes and whether they should be counted in a 15-page manual.
In general, if a voter shows they prefer one candidate over the others, their vote is counted. Exceptions include if voters ranked multiple candidates, or if they wrote in a candidate who was already on the ballot.
Here are some examples from the manual (all involving hypothetical candidates):
These votes should be counted (Virginia State Board of Elections)
These should be counted too (Virginia State Board of Elections)
These ballots, which could be read several ways, should not be counted (Virginia Board of Elections)
These ballots that involve ranking cannot be counted. (Virginia Board of Elections)
What if observers disagree on a voter's intent?
They almost assuredly will.
Disputes over whether a ballot should be counted first go to top elections officials in the room during the recount. Further appeals are handled by the three-judge recount court that has the final say and resolves disputes shortly after the tallying is complete.
What about other issues involving ballots?
The recount is limited to the ballots that were counted. That means disputes over absentee ballots that arrived late or voters who were turned away at the polls will not be part of the recount. And while elections officials discovered hundreds of Fredericksburg-area voters were given the wrong ballots in two districts including the 28th, the issue of misassigned voters is part of a pending federal lawsuit and will not be part of the recount.
[Uncanny twists, allegedly rogue registrar in District 28 race leaves House in limbo]
What happens after the end of the recount?
The battle for the House of Delegates likely won't be over even after the recounts.
A federal judge has set a Jan. 5 hearing for the case where Democrats are seeking a new election in District 28 over the issue of more than 100 voters who were given ballots to vote in the wrong district. Losing candidates also have an opportunity to contest the election results with the state legislature, a rarely-used and murky process.
Republicans and Democrats alike aren't sure how things would unfold with contested elections reaching the General Assembly. Lawmakers last recall such an instance in 1979 when a losing Republican Senate candidate got nowhere with a Democratic-controlled state Senate.
Have recounts swung House races before?
A generation ago. But an analysis by the nonpartisan Virginia Public Access Project shows the six most recent House recounts resulted in few votes changed and no outcomes flipped. The most recent recount, House District 86 in 2013, had the biggest swing with the Republican victor's margin shrinking by 22 votes, as the use of paper ballots (and the likelihood for missed votes) expanded.
Two apparent House losers became winners in recounts in 1991. Democrat Jim Scott picked up votes during a recount, turning a 17-vote loss into a one-vote win and earning the nickname “Landslide Jim.” Also that year Republican Peter Wray turned a one-vote loss into a seven-vote win after officials discovered a nine on voting machine printout was misread as a zero, according to VPAP.
(Courtesy of Virginia Public Access Project)
What's different about this year?
Virginia fully shed its touch-screen voting machines in recent years in favor of paper ballots. While that leaves a more reliable record to double-check results, it also increases the likelihood of improperly completed ballots.
1. What is the Objection?
Case 1: You are taking a driving lesson and you are steering the car around a particularly difficult right hand turn. Unbeknownst to you, your instructor is ready to intervene should you start veering to the left, but is happy to leave you in control if you stick to the right. As it happens, you do stick to the right and your instructor never intervenes.
Case 2: Jones wishes to vote for the Democratic candidate in the forthcoming election. However, unbeknownst to him, Black has implanted in Jones's brain a specially designed fail-safe device which will force Jones to vote for the Democratic candidate if they show any sign of voting for the Republican candidate. As it happens, Jones goes ahead and votes for the Democratic candidate.
“There seems to me to be a serious problem with this scenario, and with Frankfurt-style cases in general. In the scenario, the instructor will only take control IF YOU ACTUALLY BEGIN STEERING TO THE LEFT. Thus, i[t] is in fact the case that you can stop steering to the right. And it is ONLY in this case that the proposed override becomes operative.
So, these cases seem to present a contradiction in the way they are treated. Under the given conditions, the intervention only becomes operative if you perform the action ("Stop steering to the right"). Yet the conclusion claims that you CANNOT perform the action.”
The indication to vote Republican, which triggers the fail-safe device, is a "flicker of freedom"
(i) The fact that we think the agents in both cases have morally responsible control over their actions is ultimately attributable to the fact that they had the power to display a “flicker of freedom”. This flicker of freedom suggests that alternative possibilities are available to them. And so we need not abandon PAP in thinking they are morally responsible.
(ii) Frankfurt-style cases have no relevance to the question of whether responsibility is compatible with causal determinism. This is because in a truly deterministic world there would not even be the chance of a flicker of freedom.
2. Varieties of the Flicker of Freedom
Rahul Gandhi's temple run in poll-bound Gujarat hit a landmine on Wednesday after their name was "entered" in a register for non-Hindus at the Somnath Temple, prompting the BJP to question their faith and the Congress to allege mischief.The Congress Vice-President's name was entered as "Rahul Gandhiji" above that of Rajya Sabha member Ahmed Patel in the book, which all non-Hindu visitors to the revered shrine are supposed to fill up, and this was signed by the party's media coordinator Manoj Tyagi.As the BJP pounced on the purported gaffe with glee to question the Congress leader's poll-time visits to temples in Gujarat, Tyagi told CNN-News18 that they had only signed the register and left the columns vacant for entering the names of visiting mediapersons and that the names of Patel and Gandhi were entered by "someone else."According to the rules of the ancient temple, non-Hindus have to sign on a register before entering inside. Tyagi's contention was that they never knew the book they were signing was for that purpose, and that in any case they did not write the names of the two Congress leaders.An entry in another book for visitors at the temple showed that Gandhi had signed under the comment "a very inspiring place".BJP leader and Rajya Sabha MP Subramanian Swamy immediately latched on to it saying Gandhi "is a Christian and that they go to church every Sunday."The entry in the Somnath Temple visitor's book. (Image: News18)Congress leaders then went on an overdrive, with Randeep Surjewala pointing out that Gandhi is "not only a Hindu, a janeu-dhari Hindu". "His sister got married in a Hindu ceremony and Rahul Gandhi conducted the last rites of their father according to the Hindu tradition," Surjewala added.Other party spokespersons also hit out saying the BJP was resorting to such controversies because it sensed defeat in Gujarat. "Every leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party has been criticising Rahul Gandhi's visits to temples while on their Navsarjan Yatra. This is politics of the lowest possible kind," Sanjay Jha said.PK Lakheri, a trustee of the Somnath Temple, clarified: "Apparently, the name of Ahmed Patel had to be written by the person in the register, but they wrote two names. Whether the name of Rahul Gandhi was written inadvertently or whether it was written correctly, is for the media team of the Congress to clarify.The Congress leader's visit to temples in the election bound state — they have prayed at as many as 12 temples over the last two months — has been mocked by BJP with even Prime Minister Narendra Modi raising it in their election rally speeches. Gandhi so far has sought to deflect all such talk saying they are a "shiv bhakt”.
Hoverboard by Nils Guadagnin
Still from Vimeo.
We live in an age of such dazzling technological progress that it can seem at times like absolutely anything is possible—indeed, just over the horizon. We have jetpacks, augmented-reality glasses, bionic legs. Where's my flying car? Right here.
But some things remain out of reach even in these vertiginous times. And I'm sorry to report, dear friends, that one of these is the hoverboard.
Our collective hoverboard fantasy was sparked in 1989 by Robert Zemeckis. In Back to the Future, Part II, Michael J. Fox's Marty McFly hops a Mattel-brand gizmo that looks like a pink skateboard deck without wheels. Floating inches above the ground, they zip over sidewalks, roads, a wooden bridge, and a car before their ride peters out over water. (Everyone knows hoverboards don't work on water.)
The movie was set in the year 2015, giving Mattel just three more years to make kids' dreams come true on schedule. Almost 150,000 people have liked the Facebook page “It's 2010, where the hell is my hoverboard?” On a regular basis, headlines on tech blogs suggest that it is nearly here, that some company, artist, or team of researchers has indeed turned Zemeckis' vision into reality at long last. Here's a small sample:
“The Hoverboard – FOR SALE!” - YouTube video, May 2007
“A Real, Working Hoverboard Exists” – Gizmodo, May 2010
“Real Life Hoverboard” – Buzzfeed, October 2011
“Mattel Is Finally Making the Back to the Future Hoverboard” Gizmodo, February 2012
“Mattel's Hoverboard Is Now a Reality?” – Mashable, February 2012
Now, let's evaluate some of those efforts. It would be unfair, of course, to expect a real-world equivalent to look and perform exactly like the one in the movie. And semi-reasonable people can debate the precise criteria for a legitimate hoverboard. But I think we can all agree that, for starters, it must a) be a board and b) hover.
Let's start with the Airboard, the subject of that 2007 YouTube video. It uses an internal combustion engine and a massive fan on its underside to push itself ever so slightly off of a smooth surface. Ignore the drive wheel, which touches the ground, and you might even say it hovers. It is not, however, a board. Five feet in diameter, 6 feet tall, and weighing 170 pounds, it looks more like a hybrid of an innertube and a John Deere standup mower. And its top speed is 15 miles per hour. Good luck making your getaway from a gang of sneering villains on that contraption.
Then there's Mattel's hoverboard, which the toy company offered for a limited time earlier this year. It is, to its credit, a board. But it does not even pretend to hover. It is a hoverboard in much the same way that a hobby horse is a horse. That a bunch of people apparently bought it is a testament to just how far away we are from having real hoverboards. If you search “hoverboard” on Google today, the first result is an item from Zazzle.com that is labeled “futuristic anti-gravity hoverboard” but is, in fact, a skateboard deck.
Moving up a level, we have a pair of contenders that both hover and are boards. Yet each breaks down when it comes to the next criteria, which are that they c) bear a human's weight and d) actually go somewhere. The one that prompted Gizmodo to inform us in 2010 that “a real working hoverboard exists”? Well, it does hover—as long as no one stands on it or moves it from its electromagnetic platform. In short, it's a neat art project, but a HINO: hoverboard in name only.
Which brings us to our final entry, the Mag Surf. The one billed as “Real Life Hoverboard” by Buzzfeed earlier this year is the closest thing we've seen yet to the real deal. It's a board. It hovers. It bears a human's weight. It even moves! And the technology is super-cool—literally. Built by a team of researchers at Université Paris Diderot, the board “hovers” an inch or two above the ground via superconducting levitation, and you can propel it forward with a little push-off, not unlike how McFly gets along in the movie. There are two limitations: One is that the board's bottom must be cooled to 200 degrees below zero Celsius for the superconductors to work. The other is that it operates only along a magnetic track. So it's less like McFly's hoverboard and more like a really slow maglev train built for one.
I exchanged emails with Julien Bobroff, a physics professor at Universite Paris Sud who specializes in superconductivity, to see whether they thought those obstacles could ever be overcome. They said it's possible researchers could develop a more convenient way to cool the board than liquid nitrogen or discover a means to achieve superconduction at higher temperatures. “We cannot predict whether this will happen or not, but we are searching for it,” they said. As for the idea of a hoverboard operating on terrains other than a magnetic track, they were less sanguine.
Kudos to Bobroff and others who are coming up with ingenious ways to levitate things. And yes, we still have nearly three years until “Future Day,” social-media hoaxes notwithstanding. But perhaps it's time we all faced up to the fact that we're not getting our hoverboards—not by 2015, and quite possibly not in our lifetimes. At least, not without a DeLorean time machine.
You see, all four clips in the video orbit around a person with one arm sticking up, and it's most likely that there's a 360 camera stuck in the hand (it's invisible due to the nature of image stitching). And yet somehow, it's as if the camera is also flying though smoke and glitter in the first two clips, then under a flock of pigeons in the following clip, and finally around a boat in the last segment.
This is all rather mind-boggling, to say the least. If it weren't for the arm plus the lack of shadow, we'd be leaning towards this being a drone footage or some sort of clever selfie trick -- like swinging a camera around on a string? There's also the possibility of this feature being purely based on software which, if compatible, it'd make a sweet update for existing Insta360 users. But then again, this may require more onboard processing power so chances are slim.
Little else is shown in the video except for the "August 28" date plus the "everything epic in one" tag line towards the end. Furthermore, Insta360's updated homepage appears to be hinting at a new consumer-level 360 camera. We've tried poking for more information but the company reps wouldn't budge; all they added was that the footage shown here is non-final, which means there's more to look forward to when the big day finally arrives. And of course, when GoPro finally manages to launch its Fusion 360 camera, it'll be interesting to compare its reality-warping OverCapture feature with Insta360's upcoming trick.
Jurors on Friday acquitted "Forrest Gump" actor Mykelti Williamson of attempted manslaughter in the stabbing of their ex-wife's companion.
Williamson, 41, best known for playing shrimp-loving Bubba Blue in the Oscar-winning movie, was charged in the Jan. 5 stabbing of Leroy Edwards. Edwards, 32, underwent surgery to close an abdominal wound.
Superior Court jurors deliberated about one day before returning the verdict.
In their testimony, Williamson said they were upset when they went to visit their 4-year-old daughter at their ex-wife's Baldwin Hills home because they previously had heard their daughter describe their mother and Edwards having sex.
However, Williamson's ex-wife, Cheryl Chisholm, 33, testified that the actor left angry phone messages at their home and spied on them Edwards testified that Williamson was in a rage Jan. 5 when they chased and attacked Edwards, because Williamson, who has since remarried, wanted to reconcile with Chisholm.
The $50 million gift from Mattel will fund an expansion of UCLA Mattel Children's Hospital and help establish a world-class pediatric care center.
UCLA raised $650 million in gifts and pledges and established a number of noteworthy campuses fundraising records in its most recent fiscal year. Among the highlights are the largest corporate gift received in UCLA history, a record number of gifts of $1 million or more and the largest number of gifts from young alumni.
Last fiscal year, which closed on June 30, nearly 60,000 donors gave to UCLA to support a variety of priorities, including undergraduate scholarships, endowed professorships and graduate student fellowships.
This past year also marked the beginning of the second half of the Centennial Campaign for UCLA, which will conclude in 2019 during UCLA's 100th anniversary year. In all, donors from every state in the nation and donors from 60 countries made a total of 75,870 gifts to the university. Approximately 95 percent of the gifts and pledges received were for less than $10,000. As of June 30, 80 percent of the campaign's $4.2 billion goal had been reached.
“As we approach our centennial, philanthropy continues to play a significant role in helping us achieve our vision for a stronger, more accessible and increasingly impactful UCLA,” said Rhea Turteltaub, vice chancellor for external affairs. “The campus is one of the nation's leading public universities and our supporters recognize the innate value of UCLA's commitment to serve society in myriad ways.”
The largest single gift of the 2016–17 fiscal year came from Mattel, Inc., which committed $50 million to UCLA Health to fund an expansion of UCLA Mattel Children's Hospital and help establish a world-class pediatric care center and research hub focused on improving children's health. This donation from Mattel — the largest ever made to UCLA Mattel Children's Hospital and UCLA's largest ever corporate donation — will allow the hospital to create a “kids-only” system of care, ensuring the child's experience remains the focus through facilities designed with patients and families in mind. In addition, the gift will help the hospital improve care; ensure that all staff is specialized in treating children; and better integrate play and health during treatment to comfort children.
In addition, the Hammer Museum at UCLA announced a major multi-year transformation plan that will renovate and expand its facility by the year 2020. Initial gifts in support of this effort boosted total fundraising for the UCLA School of the Arts and Architecture to a record $75 million.
The Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science and the Graduate School of Education and Information Studies also experienced record breaking fundraising years, garnering $47 million and $21 million respectively.
Among the record 104 gifts and pledges of $1 million or more made to UCLA during the past fiscal year:
The UCLA Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science received a $20 million gift from the Samueli Foundation to help attract undergraduate students who are underrepresented in engineering and computer science. The donation, which builds on Henry and Susan Samueli's previous gifts, will fund a new program combining scholarships and internships for as many as 50 freshmen annually.
The Rape Foundation's donation of a 19,000-square-foot building valued at $12.2 million will help UCLA's Stuart House expand its capacity to provide comprehensive service, advocacy and care to children who have experienced sexual abuse.
The UCLA School of Law received $5 million toward a previously announced $20 million commitment to launch the Promise Institute for Human Rights at UCLA School of Law, which will serve as a national hub for human rights education and advocacy. The donation is the largest gift to launch a new institute in the history of UCLA Law. The effort to establish the institute was spearheaded by Dr. Eric Esrailian, a faculty member at the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA, and lead producer of the film “The Promise.”
The university also raised critical funds for undergraduate student scholarships, internship support and student affairs programs, among other needs, through the UCLA Chancellor's Centennial Scholars Match program, which totaled $54. 7 million in 2016–17. During the 2017–18 fiscal year, the program will focus on generating support for graduate students and programs.
Alumni look ahead by giving back
UCLA graduates continue to play a critical role in the campus's development efforts as they invest in the future of UCLA and its students, and affirm the power of private philanthropy. Last year, two of the largest gifts to the campus came from UCLA alumni Morton La Kretz and Meyer Luskin. La Kretz, who graduated in 1948, donated $5 million to renovate the entrances of the botany building and establish a student-faculty research laboratory. La Kretz has previously donated funds to enhance the Mildred E. Matthias Botanical Garden and create La Kretz Hall, which houses the Institute of the Environment and Sustainability and was UCLA's first “green” certified building.
Luskin, who graduated in 1949, gave $5 million to establish the Luskin Center for History and Policy, the first academic research center on the West Coast devoted to using history to publish knowledge that promotes solutions to present-day issues. Luskin and their wife, Renee, who graduated in 1953, are among UCLA's most generous supporters.
Smaller gifts and pledges also make a difference to UCLA's growth. Young alumni, defined as those who have graduated from UCLA in the past 10 years, play a key role in these efforts. Among the 5,800 gifts received from this population were those directed to the Chancellor's Greatest Needs fund, the UCLA Depression Grand Challenge, needs-based scholarships and various academic departments, sports teams and funds.
Other young alumni gifts and pledges include a $250,000 donation to the Centennial Scholars Match program from Robert Karr, who graduated in 2008, and the Karr Family Foundation, to establish the Karr Family Centennial Scholars Endowed Scholarship. Karr and their family foundation also gave $35,000 to the Wooden Athletic Fund. Former Bruin defensive lineman Donovan Carter, who graduated in 2012, gave $15,000 to the Wasserman Football Center Fund. In addition, former Bruin cornerback Alterraun Verner, who graduated in 2011, also pledged $10,000 to support the fund.
Building UCLA's future
The 2016–17 fiscal year was also marked by the opening of donor-supported facilities, including the Meyer and Renee Luskin Conference Center, which opened in August 2016; and Geffen Hall, which opened in January 2017 and is the new hub for medical education at UCLA named for entertainment executive and philanthropist David Geffen.
The current fiscal year, which began July 1 and runs through June 30, 2018, will be punctuated by the opening of several donor-supported spaces designed to foster excellence in academics and athletics.
In August, UCLA celebrated the opening of the Wasserman Football Center, a state-of-the-art football facility that houses locker rooms, a strength and conditioning center and training rooms, a players lounge, coaches' offices, team meeting rooms, equipment rooms, video rooms and a recruiting lounge and outdoor terrace. The facility is named in recognition of support from the Wasserman Foundation and its president, UCLA alumnus Casey Wasserman.
In September, the Geffen Academy at UCLA, a school that provides a college prep education and aims to serve as a model for contemporary middle and high school education, welcomed students enrolled in grades 6, 7 and 9. The school will gradually grow to a community of roughly 600 students over the next four years.
On Oct. 26, the Mo Ostin Basketball Facility, a comprehensive state-of-the art basketball training and performance facility that will house the Bruins men's and women's basketball programs, will officially open. The building is named after legendary music industry executive and philanthropist Morris “Mo” Ostin, who generously committed $10 million to the project. This followed Ostin's $10 million donation to UCLA in 2011 for the construction of the state-of-the-art Evelyn and Mo Ostin Music Center, which opened in 2014.
The Centennial Campaign executive committee is co-chaired by Anthony Pritzker and Garen Staglin. The campaign is led by Turteltaub and associate vice chancellors for development Kathryn Carrico and Laura Lavado Parker.
FORT BEND COUNTY, Texas - Deputies in Fort Bend County are investigating a shooting in which officials say two people were killed.
Neighbors are left shocked and speechless at the incident.
"They are real nice people, never thought that something like this would happen to a family like that," says neighbor Steve Villani.
At around 6:20 a.m., the Ford Bend County Sheriff's Office was called out to the home on 4800 Russet Lane.
"We found two adults deceased and two children wounded," says Bob Haenel of the Fort Bend Co. Sheriff's Office.
"We went outside and we saw a little girl laying on the ground, shaken up, but it looked like they were able to walk around, but there was a little boy under the tree, they were covered up and had a oxygen mask on him, and there was about 10 people trying to resuscitate him," says Villani.
The couple's 15-year-old daughter and 11-year-old son were taken by LifeFlight to Memorial Hermann Hospital. Both children underwent surgery and are listed in stable condition.
Their parents were found dead inside the home from apparent gunshot wounds. A handgun was retrieved at the scene.
The sheriff's office says the shootings resulted from a family disturbance.
Sheriff's deputies are not saying yet who they think pulled the trigger. The case remains under investigation.
Principals at Brazos Bend Elementary and Travis High sent letters home to parents making them aware of the incident. Counselors will be made available at both schools if any students need to talk.
Copyright 2014 by Click2Houston.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Four billion years ago, the first molecular precursors to life emerged, swirling about in Earth's primordial soup of chemicals. Although the identity of these molecules remains a subject of fractious debate, scientists agree that the molecules would have had to perform two major functions: storing information and catalyzing chemical reactions. The modern cell assigns these responsibilities to its DNA and its proteins, respectively — but according to the narrative that dominates origin-of-life research and biology-textbook descriptions today, RNA was the first to play that role, paving the way for DNA and proteins to take over later.
This hypothesis, proposed in the 1960s and dubbed the “RNA world” two decades later, is usually viewed as the most likely explanation for how life got its start. Alternative “worlds” abound, but they're often seen as fallback theories, flights of fancy or whimsical thought experiments.
That's mainly because, theorizing aside, the RNA world is fortified by much more experimental evidence than any of its competitors have accumulated. Last month, Quanta Magazine reported on an alternative theory suggesting that protein-like molecules, rather than RNA, may have been the planet's first self-replicators. But its findings were purely computational; the researchers have only just begun experiments to seek support for their claims.
Now, a pair of researchers has put forth another theory — this time involving the coevolution of RNA and peptides — that they hope will shake the RNA world's hold.
Why RNA Was Insufficient
Recent papers published in Biosystems and Molecular Biology and Evolution delineated why the RNA world hypothesis does not provide a sufficient foundation for the evolutionary events that followed. Instead, said Charles Carter, a structural biologist at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, who co-authored the papers, the model represents “an expedient proposal.” “There's no way that a single polymer could carry out all of the necessary processes we now characterize as part of life,” they added.
And that single polymer certainly couldn't be RNA, according to their team's studies. The main objection to the molecule concerns catalysis: Some research has shown that for life to take hold, the mystery polymer would have had to coordinate the rates of chemical reactions that could differ in speed by as much as 20 orders of magnitude. Even if RNA could somehow do this in the prebiotic world, its capabilities as a catalyst would have been adapted to the searing temperatures — around 100 degrees Celsius — that abounded on early Earth. Once the planet started to cool, Carter claims, RNA wouldn't have been able to evolve and keep up the work of synchronization. Before long, the symphony of chemical reactions would have fallen into disarray.
Perhaps most importantly, an RNA-only world could not explain the emergence of the genetic code, which nearly all living organisms today use to translate genetic information into proteins. The code takes each of the 64 possible three-nucleotide RNA sequences and maps them to one of the 20 amino acids used to build proteins. Finding a set of rules robust enough to do that would take far too long with RNA alone, said Peter Wills, Carter's co-author at the University of Auckland in New Zealand — if the RNA world could even reach that point, which they deemed highly unlikely. In Wills' view, RNA might have been able to catalyze its own formation, making it “chemically reflexive,” but it lacked what they called “computational reflexivity.”
“A system that uses information the way organisms use genetic information — to synthesize their own components — must contain reflexive information,” Wills said. They defined reflexive information as information that, “when decoded by the system, makes the components that perform exactly that particular decoding.” The RNA of the RNA world hypothesis, they added, is just chemistry because it has no means of controlling its chemistry. “The RNA world doesn't tell you anything about genetics,” they said.
Nature had to find a different route, a better shortcut to the genetic code. Carter and Wills think they've uncovered that shortcut. It depends on a tight feedback loop — one that would not have developed from RNA alone but instead from a peptide-RNA complex.
Bringing Peptides Into the Mix
Carter found hints of that complex in the mid-1970s, when they learned in graduate school that certain structures seen in most proteins are “right-handed.” That is, the atoms in the structures could have two equivalent mirror-image arrangements, but the structures all use just one. Most of the nucleic acids and sugars that make up DNA and RNA are right-handed, too. Carter began to think of RNA and polypeptides as complementary structures, and they modeled a complex in which “they were made for each other, like a hand in a glove.”
This implied an elementary kind of coding, a basis for the exchange of information between the RNA and the polypeptide. They were on their way to sketching what that might have looked like, working backward from the far more sophisticated modern genetic code. When the RNA world, coined in 1986, rose to prominence, Carter admitted, “I was pretty ticked off.” They felt that their peptide-RNA world, proposed a decade earlier, had been totally ignored.
Since then, he, Wills and others have collaborated on a theory that circles back to that research. Their main goal was to figure out the very simple genetic code that preceded today's more specific and complicated one. And so they turned not just to computation but also to genetics.
At the center of their theory are 20 “loading” molecules called aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases. These catalytic enzymes allow RNA to bond with specific amino acids in keeping with the rules of the genetic code. “In a sense, the genetic code is ‘written' in the specificity of the active sites” of those enzymes, said Jannie Hofmeyr, a biochemist at Stellenbosch University in South Africa, who was not involved in the study.
Thought leader? Photo: Michael Short/Bloomberg via Getty Images
“What responsibility does Facebook have to prevent President Trump in 2017?”
According to Gizmodo, that was one of the questions Facebook employees submitted to company founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg, ahead of a Q&A session in early March. From the staff of a conventional publisher, this question might seem laudable. Donald Trump is a demagogue who has stigmatized vulnerable minority populations, while voicing contempt for some of the basic norms of our civil society, including freedom of expression and the rule of law. If such a figure starts utilizing a publisher's platform in their quest for power, it's reasonable for that company to wonder: “Do we have an obligation to intervene here?”
But Facebook is not a conventional publisher. It is a media platform that curates a global discourse composed and consumed by more than a billion human beings. Its influence is unprecedented in both its scope and invisibility: As Gizmodo's Michael Nuñez puts it, “with Facebook, we don't know what we're not seeing.” Through the fine-tuning of its algorithm, Facebook makes editorial decisions, but without the transparency of a masthead lined with its editors' names, or editorials that make the publisher's worldview explicit.
If you have liberal values — in the most expansive sense of the term — you may find the possibility of Facebook actively suppressing Trump less threatening than the possibility of the platform passively abetting their election. (I'm personally sympathetic to this view.)
But what if Facebook came to develop a more expansive sense of its responsibility to police the political discourse that it hosts? Mark Zuckerberg's keynote speech at Facebook's F8 conference earlier this week suggests this question may not be an idle one.
“As I look around the world, I'm starting to see people and nations turning inward, against the idea of a connected world and a global community,” Zuckerberg said. “I hear fearful voices calling for building walls and distancing people they label as ‘others.' I hear them calling for blocking free expression, for slowing immigration, for reducing trade, and in some cases even for cutting access to the internet,” they said. “It takes courage to choose hope over fear,” Zuckerberg said, as they began winding down their rant. “People will always call you naïve but it's this hope and optimism that's behind every important step forward.”
Here, Zuckerberg conflates political attitudes that directly undermine the foundations of liberal democracy — the stigmatization of out-groups, the embrace of government censorship — with a set of highly contentious policy positions. In elite circles, the desirability of free trade and immigration may seem like dead moral questions, but in the rest of the country they are not. What's more, Zuckerberg doesn't just decry the stigmatization of immigrants, or maximally restrictive immigration policies; rather, the CEO characterizes support for “slowing immigration” — advocacy for any rate of immigration more restrictive than the status quo — as an embrace of fear over hope. Zuckerberg has every right to express this view. And personally, I think a world where people could move freely across borders is an ideal worth aspiring toward. But I'm not sure I'd want Facebook feeling a responsibility to prevent the United States from adopting a more restrictive immigration policy.
Zuckerberg's objection to “reducing trade” inspires similar concerns. For one thing, almost no one is advocating a reduction in trade per se. Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders both claim to support global trade, just not under the rules that currently govern it. If Zuckerberg believes that resistance to the Trans-Pacific Partnership constitutes a rejection of hope, I certainly don't want Facebook's algorithm to be influenced by that perspective.
All of which is to say: Facebook has become something approaching a public utility. And the fact that this utility is provided by a private monopoly raises concerns about how it will exercise its power.
Rather than mitigating those concerns, Mark Zuckerberg's good intentions may actually exacerbate them. The most terrifying words in the English language may prove to be, “I'm from Facebook and I'm here to help.”
Erotic sexual denial, also known as orgasm denial, is a sexual practice or sex play in which a person is kept in a heightened state of sexual arousal for an extended length of time without orgasm, and is commonly practiced in association with BDSM and sexual bondage. Erotic sexual denial can be another name for or variant of orgasm control.
One form of erotic sexual denial is the reduction or deprivation of all genital stimulation. To ensure a complete absence of genital stimulation, a chastity device may be used as a physical barrier to genital touch or full erection.
Denial practices [ edit ]
Tie and tease [ edit ]
To be able to control an orgasm of a partner in such sex games, physical restraints are commonly used. Situations involving bondage are typically called "tie and tease" and can be thought of as extended tease and denial games. This practice is often an integral part of erotic denial. It is notable that in discussions between BDSM partners, negotiation usually focuses on the activities which may or may not be agreed to, rather than the emotions generated by said activities (unless at an unacceptable level). Tie and tease activities are physically as well as psychologically intense, because the strong feelings of sexual frustration are escalated by the sensation of helplessness induced by bondage.
Tease and denial [ edit ]
Tease and denial is a situation where a person is stimulated until they are close to orgasm, then stimulation is stopped, keeping the person on the brink of orgasm. It is sometimes referred to as "edging", or "edge play". This is similar to orgasm control, but without the promise of orgasm at the end.
If orgasm still occurs after removal of stimulation, it typically brings less pleasure than usual, and is considered a "ruined orgasm", as opposed to being a "denied orgasm" (sometimes known in men as "blue balls"). Alternatively (for men), the release of semen during the emission phase of ejaculation might be prevented by some sort of constriction ("blocked orgasm"). Depending on the relationship, subjects might be repeatedly teased to the point of orgasm several times, but without actual orgasm, causing feelings of intense arousal and psychological need.
Total denial [ edit ]
The practice of total sexual denial usually includes total avoidance of genital stimulation to the penis or vulva. This often involves the use of a physical barrier or device such as a chastity belt. Chastity belts or similar locking devices are available for both men and women. Depending on the situation, sexual arousal may still be possible regardless of physical barriers to genital stimulation. This, however, depends on the belt used.
Male strap-on harness [ edit ]
A strap-on dildo may be worn by a male to still allow penetrative vaginal sex to the female while denying the male partner the ability to orgasm, and the male then may also wear a chastity belt.[1] This is distinct from pegging, as the strap-on in this case replaces the penis of the male. This can be seen as a form of total denial if the strap-on replaces the penis throughout the whole duration of the play, or as a form of teasing if the strap-on is only used during foreplay. In the last case, the strap-on can be used to prolong penetrative sex and thus sexually satisfy the female partner in case the male suffers from premature ejaculation.[2][3][4]
As a form of control [ edit ]
Erotic sexual denial, in various forms, is sometimes associated with creating a state of sexual need leading to a more pliable or agreeable outlook by the denied party.
Orgasm denial practices can allow dominant lovers to exercise control and training over highly intimate and psychologically significant aspects of their submissive lovers' lives. This can extend to tolerance of increased stimulation and training both to hold back orgasm, or to orgasm on command. Dominant lovers can use this practice to experience enjoyable and sometimes intensely craved feelings of sexual control and erotic power. Submissive lovers can use this practice to help them experience enjoyable and sometimes intensely craved feelings of erotic submission, sexualised objectification and erotic loss of control.
Orgasm denial as a way of orgasm control is a widely practiced activity within erotic feminization. The dom will often deny the submissive (BDSM) sexual release to maintain their heightened state of sexual arousal, as a way to satisfy their desires for erotic humiliation, or as a way to satisfy the dominant's own desires to erotically humiliate.
See also [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Georgia Ivey Green, A KeyHolder's Handbook
Georgia Ivey Green, Ultimate Guide to Tease and Denial
Ken Addison, Around Them Finger
Lucy Fairbourne, Male Chastity: A Guide for Keyholders
Elise Sutton, Female domination
Barbara Wright Abenathy, Venus on Top
Gorgeann Cross, Sexual Power for Women
References [ edit ]
Cyclone Winston has moved west of Fiji, with daylight to reveal the extent of damage after the Pacific island nation took a battering.
Fiji was slammed by the most powerful storm ever recorded in the Southern Hemisphere on Saturday and early Sunday.
One person is dead, and residents are under curfew as winds of up to 325kmh pummel the island nation.
1 of 4 CELIA VISSER Guests at the Sheraton Denarau were moved into the hotel's ballroom. 2 of 4 LEANNE GOFF The calm before the storm hit. 3 of 4 FIJI RED CROSS/TWITTER Fiji Red Cross workers prepared aid ahead of the storm hitting. 4 of 4 FIJI RED CROSS/TWITTER Aid workers pack emergency items ahead of Cyclone Winston hitting Fiji.
The Fiji Broadcasting Corporation (FBC) confirmed an elderly man of Nabasovi, Koro Island, became the first victim of Winston.
DISMAC officer on duty, Vatia Vasuca, told FBC the man died after a roof top fell on him. Vasuca said only one life has been lost so far.
Twenty four houses and a church at Nabasovi village on Koro have been badly damaged, FBC reported..
NASA Niwa is predicting 8 to 10 tropical cyclones will hit the southwest Pacific in the upcoming cyclone season.
Head of Nabasovi District School, Taura Vosayaco, told FBC News all people were now being sheltered in one of the classrooms in the school and another house, which was not damaged.
Vosayaco said the school dining hall was also destroyed and a shed for the school generator. The weather is now calm at Nabasovi as the eye of Winston moved in.
DEAN ALI/SUPPLIED Suva, Fiji's capital, pictured as the storm closes in on the island.
Are you or your family in Fiji? Email your photos and videos to newstips@stuff.co.nz
Winston, still a Category 5 system, is slowly moving away from Fiji. At 1am local time, it was located about 95km west-northwest of Nadi.
MetService Category five tropical cyclone Winston is bearing down on Fiji.
Fiji Meteorology Office forecaster Amit Singh said the system was moving west at about 25kph and was expected to move in that direction for the next 12-18 hours before it takes the southeast turn, FBC reported.
They said the worst was over for Fiji and winds easing in most places, although heavy rain remained.
For western Viti Levu, the main island, the gale force wind warning currently in place was expected to ease in the next few hours, Singh said.
However, rain would continue in the western division until early next week as the wind remains west-northwest, with flooding around Fiji becoming an issue.
There were no reports on serious injury in Nausori, near Suva on Vitu Levu, but flooding, damage to houses and power poles had occurred in Savusavu, on Vanua Levu, while a bus was reported to have been washed inland by big tidal waves.
After twice hammering outlying islands in nearby Tonga last week, Cyclone Winston re-intensified on Saturday and began to track west towards Suva, the capital of Fiji, packing winds of 230kmh, with gusts of up to 325kmh.
The Fijian government has declared a state of natural disaster for the next 30 days.
Hours before the storm hit land, Fiji Prime Minister Frank Bainimarama warned the nation is facing an ordeal "of the most grievous kind" as tropical Cyclone Winston begins to batter the country.
They urged Fijians to prepare themselves for a "terrible event".
Forecasters were predicting that Nadi could take a direct hit from the cyclone in the next few hours.
Fijian-born Lizann Vailasi was due to fly home to Sydney on Sunday.
But instead she's hunkered down with their brother and their family at Pacific Harbour, south-west of Suva.
They were mostly worried about their fellow Fijians sheltering in small towns as they wait for the worst of the wind and rain hit.
"There are thousands worse off. Fingers crossed and God willing."
A number of airlines, including Air New Zealand, have stopped flying to Fiji until the weather clears.
POWER OUTAGES ACROSS FIJI
Fiji's Red Cross reported power outages across most of Fiji, including in the captial city of Suva.
About 9.30pm, the eye of the cyclone made landfall over the north coast of Viti Levu, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reported.
The United Nations Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) said Winston was following a path that might spare Suva the full force of its winds, rated as category 5, the highest ranking on the hurricane wind scale.
"The cyclone has tracked further north than expected over the past 24 hours," the UN agency said.
It was possible Suva may only be hit by 150kmh winds.
Supplied Power was put out in many parts of Tonga owing to damage caused by Cyclone Winston.
Roads with trees and powerlines covering them are closed and the Fijian Government says they will not be cleared and water supplies will not be re-established until the storm passes.
KIWIS ON THE GROUND
New Zealand's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade (MFAT) said 186 Kiwis had registered on its SafeTravel website as being in Fiji. It urged any Kiwis in the country to register on the website.
However, as the cyclone made landfall shortly after 8.30pm, NZ time, New Zealanders in Fiji reported flickering electricity and outages to internet.
Leanne Goff lives on Denarau Island and at 10pm said the cyclone was "really picking up now".
"Even if I wanted to I wouldn't be able to stand up outside. Between the wind and the torrential rain it sounds like a freight train outside. Latest report is the eye is supposed to hit us 3am, which feels like very long time away. That's hours and hours of sustained battering."
Tonight, the Hurricanes rugby team posted a message to its Facebook page, urging its Fijian supporters to stay safe.
"To all our friends from Fiji, the biggest ever storm in the Southern Hemisphere to looking you right in the eye. Please take cover and look after each other as this Cat 5 storm hits. From everyone at the Hurricanes and on behalf of NZ Kia kaha."
The post has received hundreds of comments, many from those in Fiji sheltering from tropical cyclone Winston.
"Wind getting strong here in Nadi as well, and not feeling good knowing it's only gonna get worse," said Andrew Kang.
Samy Lutumailagi posted "We're getting pounded right now. Neva seen this before. It's brutal man!"
Mark Wagner, a leadership coach visiting Fiji for a workshop, said winds were starting to pick up in Suva.
"[I have] never been in a cyclone before - this may not make sense but the wind actually sounds angry," they said.
Arti Singh reported their family's neighbours in Suva had lost their roof as the wind gathered pace.
Marijke Braaksma said their family, based in Nadi, had lost power.
Caroline Gray said the noise at the Pearl Resort was deafening. "I really feel for the locals, many of whom are spending the night in poorly constructed buildings."
Tourists on the island of Naukacacuvu had to endure a rough three-hour ferry ride after being evacuated Saturday afternoon, but made it to Nadi before nightfall, and before Winston's full force hit.
'STICK TOGETHER'
The Fiji Met Service said the cyclone was expected to maintain its category five intensity - the most severe category of cyclone - as it tracked west over the centre of Fiji's main island of Viti Levu.
The Island has a population of 650,000.
Some Fijian towns had reportedly gone into virtual lock-down in preparation for the cyclone, and public transport had already been put on hold in many areas.
Bainimarama urged locals to finalise their own preparations, to stick together and look after each other.
"As a nation, we are facing an ordeal of the most grievous kind. We must stick together as a people and look after each other. Be alert and be prepared," they said on the official Fiji Government Facebook page.
"I urge you all, if you haven't already done so, to finalise your own preparations to survive this terrible event. We cannot afford to be complacent.
"Make sure you have adequate food and water, flashlights, candles and lanterns in case the power supply is disrupted and a battery operated radio to keep abreast of news of Cyclone Winston's progress.
"I urge you to seek shelter where you are most likely to be safe and our officials can assist you."
Click here to donate to the Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund.
Unicef spokesperson Alice Clements is based in Suva, along with about 50 other Unicef workers who have been working closely with the Fijian Government to help people prepare.
They said on Saturday morning that winds were already picking up, but their team were on track to be prepared for the storm when it hit later on Saturday.
"It's being taken pretty seriously over here - it's not a happy prospect as we know the effect a category five cyclone can have on a community."
The Ministry of Education had trained a group of teachers in how to help others respond to the storm, and Clements said it would be good to see these new skills put to use.
Clements said the eye of the storm was expected to hit around midnight on Saturday.
The Saturday Night Live Band (referred to in the closing credits as The Live Band) is the house band of the NBC television program Saturday Night Live (SNL).
Noteworthy members [ edit ]
The band has featured many studio musicians from New York, including Paul Shaffer (1975–1980), Lou Marini (1975–1983), David Sanborn (1975), Michael Brecker, Ray Chew (1980–1983), Alan Rubin (1975–1983), Georg Wadenius (1979–1985), Steve Ferrone (1985), and Tom "Bones" Malone, who served as leader of the band from 1981 to 1985. Guitarist G. E. Smith was director from 1985 until 1995. Drummer Matt Chamberlain (1991–1992) is a former member of Edie Brickell & New Bohemians, has played drums for Pearl Jam, Tori Amos, and Fiona Apple and is a very in demand session drummer. Lukasz Gottwald, also known as Dr. Luke, was the guitarist from 1997 until they left the band in 2007 to focus on their work as a producer. In 1991, Christine Ohlman, otherwise known as the "Beehive Queen" joined the band as their lead vocalist. David Johansen (using their persona of Buster Poindexter) often appeared as a feature player with the band in the late 1980s.
Role on Saturday Night Live [ edit ]
The band consists of mostly jazz, R&B, and some rock musicians and features a strong horn section. They normally play the opening theme music (after the cold opening), musical pieces in between commercial breaks, and the closing theme music "Closing Theme (Waltz in A)," written by Howard Shore.[1] Occasionally, the band will provide the music to a sketch when necessary.
Band leaders and musical directors [ edit ]
Howard Shore served as the original band leader and musical director from 1975 until 1980, when they were succeeded by singer and music producer Kenny Vance for the 1980–1981 season. David Spinozza was the conductor in 1980 and guitarist in 1981. During the 1975–1980 period, the band was sometimes referred to as "Howard Shore and their All-Nurse Band." On two occasions, the almost entirely-male band appeared on-camera in women's nursing uniforms as they accompanied songs performed by guest hosts (Lily Tomlin singing "Saint James Infirmary," with the band also performing back-up vocals; and Jill Clayburgh singing "Sea Cruise"). Original band member Tom Malone took over leadership duties during executive producer Dick Ebersol's tenure from 1981 to 1985. Keyboardist and founding member Cheryl Hardwick co-directed the band with Hall & Oates guitarist G. E. Smith from 1985 until 1995. Upon Smith's departure, longtime band saxophonist Lenny Pickett (who has been a member of the band since 1985) became co-director, then became the sole musical director upon Hardwick's retirement in 2000. Longtime SNL bandmember and keyboardist Leon Pendarvis (who has been a member of the band since 1980) was promoted to second musical director.
Katreese Barnes also served as the music director for a time, around the year 2000.[2] [3]
Sanborn returned to SNL as the show's lead saxophonist for the 1979–80 season and was featured as a musical guest in the latter half of said season. They returned seven years later, while Shaffer hosted the show in 1987. Shore, Shaffer, Hardwick, and Smith are also among those band members who appeared in sketches during their tenures.
Other projects [ edit ]
Mariah Carey utilized the horn section of the Saturday Night Live Band (Lew Delgatto, Lenny Pickett, George Young, Earl Gardner, and Steve Turre) for their performance of "If It's Over" during their 1992 MTV Unplugged special.
Katy Perry used the Saturday Night Live horn section on their 2013 song "Birthday" (a song they say was inspired by Mariah Carey).
Personnel [ edit ]
Members [ edit ]
Current
Former
Timeline [ edit ]
BEIJING/SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China's latest maneuvre in a sweeping crackdown on internet content has sent a chill through a diverse community of filmmakers, bloggers, media and educators who fear their sites could be shut down as Beijing tightens control.
Over the last month, Chinese regulators have closed celebrity gossip websites, restricted what video people can post and suspended online streaming, all on grounds of inappropriate content.
On Friday, an industry association circulated new regulations that at least two “auditors” will, with immediate effect, be required to check all audiovisual content posted online - from films to “micro” movies, documentaries, sports, educational material and animation - to ensure they adhere to “core socialist values”.
Topics deemed inappropriate include drug addiction and homosexuality, said the government-affiliated China Netcasting Services Association, which represents more than 600 members.
People flocked online at the weekend to criticize the move, with most saying it was a step backwards that would hamper creativity. Some noted it could be near impossible to enforce.
“According to these censorship rules, nothing will make it through, which will do away with audiovisual artistic creation,” Li Yinhe, an academic who studies sexuality at the government-run Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, wrote in an online post.
Under the government rules, such works as Georges Bizet's opera “Carmen” and Shakespeare's “Othello” would technically have to be banned for depicting prostitution and overt displays of affection, they said.
The rules, which affect social media giants like Weibo Corp (WB.O) as well as small platforms that have thrived in China's buzzing creative online space, are the latest step toughening oversight ahead of the Communist Party Congress later this year, when President Xi Jinping is expected to consolidate power.
China's online video market, including revenue from advertising and content purchases, had been expected to more than quadruple to around 96.2 billion yuan ($17.6 billion) by 2020 from 2015, according to 2016 data from IHS Markit.
“We used to describe the constant drip of regulation as boiling a frog in warm water. Now it is outright scalding with boiling water,” Wang Xiaoxiao, a talent agent who represents several actors who have gained fame online, told Reuters.
Zhao Jing, the founder of Yummy, a site that specializes in education on gender topics, said they would be using euphemisms for genitalia and avoid banned topics such as one-night stands and extramarital affairs to get around keywords that will trigger the censors.
They fear their site could be thrown off Tencent's WeChat instant messaging application otherwise.
ENTERTAINMENT IN FOCUS
While censorship of creative content in China is nothing new, the internet has generally been a more permissive arena because of the gray areas around regulation.
The atmosphere has become more tense since Xi called for stricter regulation last year.
In June, China's cyberspace authorities ordered internet firms like Baidu Inc (BIDU.O) and Tencent Holding Ltd (0700.HK) to close 60 popular celebrity gossip social media accounts, including “China's Number One Paparazzi” Zhuo Wei, an account that had more than 7 million followers.
The government said it aimed to “create a healthy and uplifting mainstream media environment, and actively spread socialist core values.”
This focus on online entertainment content - an extension of the government's well-established control over politics and news - is aimed at a largely younger audience, said Qiao Mu, a Beijing-based media scholar known for criticizing censorship.
“This is a return to ideology,” Qiao said in a phone interview. “To the Party, entertainment will make people lose their revolutionary spirit.”
One of the main focuses of online scorn was the inclusion of homosexuality on the list of banned topics, underlining a long-standing conservative attitude in China towards same-sex relations despite often thriving gay scenes in major cities.
Two filmmakers interviewed by Reuters said the latest ruling closed one of the remaining channels for uninhibited creative works. Films shown in cinemas or on television already go through thorough censorship processes before being given the go-ahead.
“Many filmmakers know they could never get their film approved for cinemas, and so put them online,” said Fan Popo, a gay activist and film director.
The only hope for such filmmakers left was that censors would struggle to implement the new rules, they said.
The crackdown is also being felt in the country's top internet firms.
Shares in Weibo Corp, the operator of China's top microblogging site, are down around 10 percent since restrictions were imposed on its audiovisual content in mid-June.
The company said last week it would work closely with state media to promote “mainstream” ideas.
For some platforms, investors have pulled funding and advertisers have jumped ship because of the uncertainties, industry insiders told Reuters.
Dushe Dianying, or “poison tongue movie”, a popular movie-review site known for its acerbic critiques, had its account on WeChat shut down last month by regulators citing “socialist values”.
FILE PHOTO - People use computers at an internet cafe in Hefei, Anhui province, September 15, 2011. REUTERS/Stringer
The site, backed by German media group Bertelsmann, was valued at 300 million yuan ($44.17 million) last year.
A person familiar with the site's operations said some of its business tie-ups and advertising deals had been hit. Others in the industry also said investment had suffered.
“It is now just too risky,” said the person, who asked not to be named as they were not authorized to speak to the media. ($1 = 6.7919 Chinese yuan renminbi)
Please understand that I am NOT about equality. I am not about women and men (and nonbinary people) being equal. I am not about straight people and gay people and people of other sexualities being equal. I am not about disabled people and abled people being equal. I am not about people of color and white people being equal. I am about JUSTICE. I am about
women and nonbinary people receiving what t hey need.
non-cishet people rising and receiving what they need, also.
special education programs, sign language being taught in schools, EVERY exit and entrance being wheelchair accessible.
people of color receiving more roles than white people.
I don't believe that men and women will be equal when men can hit women too. Or that straight people and non-straight people get the same rights. AS IF MINORITIES CAN SOMEHOW REACH FULL ACCEPTANCE WHEN WE FORGET THAT THEY HAVE NEVER SEEN IT BEFORE. I am not about equality. I am not an egalitarian. I am for justice.
Illustration by Mario Zucca.
At the dawn of the last century, holy war broke out in San Francisco. Its declaration was announced on the front page of the Nov. 25, 1900, San Francisco Call: "Hell Cannot Be Swept Away On Light Metaphor." Rabbi Jacob Nieto's sermon claimed the fiery underworld was an abstract concept rather than a literal reality, spurring fundamentalist ministers to counter that hell was not only real, but necessary. "The world needs it," they claimed, "as a logical, inevitable conclusion of that part of human life which breeds misery, misfortune, and suffering."
Today, the appearance of such an article in a major metropolitan daily — let alone atop page one — would be considered bizarre. A century ago, however, it was eerily timely. Misery, misfortune, and suffering were coming to San Francisco, and right quick. In that very week, hell — or, Nieto might argue, a metaphor for hell — would visit the city. Multitudes would be swallowed in a fissure and plunged to fiery death and torment below.
Whether this was an act of retribution for man's wickedness is a debate best left to the theologians of the last century. In our century, however, San Francisco's "Thanksgiving Day Disaster" remains the deadliest fate to befall spectators of an American sporting event — and, all but indisputably, the gruesomest. And yet, like the victims of the tragedy, the memory of "The Most Dreadful Calamity In Our History" has fallen down a hole, to oblivion.
"Thanksgiving Day dawned clean and bright and a fairer day could never have been desired by the veriest of football enthusiasts," chirped the San Francisco Bulletin on Nov. 29, 1900. "It was the kind of weather that brings out the holiday throng, the glory of fine fabric, of brilliant color, of beauty, and all that."
"And all that" had come a long way since the inaugural meeting of the California and Stanford football squads, a small-time affair in 1892 that was delayed for more than an hour because Stanford team manager Herbert Hoover neglected to bring a ball. By the turn of the century "The Big Game" had transcended a mere sporting contest, blossoming into a social event. Like San Francisco Giants opening days in the present, the mayor and all the political, industrial, and cultural movers and shakers made an appearance. The elite of yesteryear, however, traversed unpaved roads to a part of town in which they would likely seldom set foot. The hulking grandstands of Recreation Park, on 16th Street between Folsom and Harrison, were deep within a sprawling industrial zone. lumberyards, tool and die shops, and metal works dotted the landscape; the yowling of stray dogs and the odor of canine excrement likely emanated from the city pound two short blocks away.
Into this neighborhood massed the largest crowd to ever witness a sporting event west of the Mississippi. They clutched newspapers in which front-page headlines actually used the word "Rah!" up to six times. Some 19,000 onlookers packed the stadium, and thousands more milled about in the dusty streets.
For those unable or unwilling to part with the hefty sum of $1 for a ticket, however, there were other ways to catch a ballgame.
Like many turn-of-the-century cities, San Francisco's sporting grounds were hastily erected amid active factories and warehouses. Thousands of eyes turned to the neighborhood's newest addition, the nearly completed San Francisco and Pacific Glass Works, just across the street from the ballpark. The plant occupied an entire block between Folsom and Harrison on 15th Street, and was slated to commence full production the following Monday; the fires of its gargantuan east furnace had been kindled only days earlier. Its rooftop offered an enticing endzone-to-endzone view of the field from above the ballpark's northern wall. The indigent, the impulsive, the reckless, and the devious advanced on the glass works.
Testimony at the subsequent coroner's inquest described scenes resembling the breaking of a siege. Young boys dug beneath the factory's 8-foot wooden fences topped with 2 feet of barbed wire and threw open the gates to the waiting masses. Factory management claimed the interlopers broke down portions of the fence or piled up lumber seized from a nearby barrel manufacturer and climbed over it.
The year 1900 was a rotten one for factory superintendent James Davis. In February, a Call article headlined "Thrashed Their Employer" noted that a San Francisco and Pacific glassblower who didn't take kindly to Davis' criticism "beat them so severely they are now confined to their bed." Facing oncoming hordes, the same paper now reported, Davis impotently waved a metal pipe at the trespassers as they streamed past them and seven factory employees.
Well before the 2:30 p.m. kickoff, the factory's shiny, corrugated iron rooftop was packed with 500 to 1,000 spectators. It "was black with people," reported the Chronicle. "So densely were all the roofs packed, it was a matter of comment among the multitude which thronged the stands on the Folsom Street side."
Every factor that would lead to "San Francisco's direst calamity" was now in place. Factory employees wandered the streets in a futile attempt to locate a cop willing to evict the freeloading invaders. Those freeloaders, meanwhile, were massed atop a rooftop only required to withstand 40 pounds per square inch — hardly adequate for a football crowd, even in a hungrier era when the average Cal or Stanford player weighed 170 pounds. Worse yet, fans clambered to the highest accessible point, the 100-foot-long rectangular ventilator rising 4 feet from the apex of the roof. This open-sided structure was supported only by wooden braces — and, ominously, the fans' perch was directly above the hottest portion of the factory.
Forty-five feet below the thousands of stamping feet loomed the squat, 30-by-60-foot east furnace. Fifteen tons of molten glass bubbled within at 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit — a temperature on par with a red dwarf star. This was the only furnace in action that day. More observant fans would have noticed the capping atop the chimney behind them glowing red as it emitted a persistent plume of smoke.
About a month ago, a redditor posted on IMAM about this great little indie company they found, brand spankin' new: Kheimistrii. Man, that is so hard to spell. Anyways, they were holding a 40% off sale so I figured, “Why not?” and ordered three body lotions. Shipping is weirdly expensive and so the 40% off only really paid for shipping and ten cents off of the whole purchase, lol.
To give you an idea + a rundown of what I bought:
Dark Shadows Macadamia Body Souffle 2 oz.
4.50 + 2.50 shipping
Kimberley Rose Kreme Body Moisturizer
4.50 + 1.50 shipping
Ginger Glace Kreme Body Moisturizer
4.50 + 1.50 shipping
My subtotal was $14 + 5.50 shipping. The discount took off 5.60, so in total it was 13.90.
Of course, IMAM flooded them with orders and they had some difficulty processing 80 orders suddenly. I'm super happy for her, but… oops. Anyways, their TAT shouldn't reflect mine. They sent me a message saying that they were overwhelmed, which was nice. I asked again on the 24th when it would be ready, and they said they were actually packing and shipping it the next morning. I received a shipping notification, sure enough, but the tracking # didn't exist. When it did, all it said was pre-shipment info was sent. It wasn't actually received by the post office for another two days.
Ordered: Oct 12th
Shipped: Oct 27th
Arrived: Oct 29th
They gave me insured, tracked, two day packaging. No idea if that's standard or if it was compensation for waiting so long.
Enough with my rambling… let's go!
Dark Shadows Macadamia Body Souffle
Fragrance notes: primal pomegranate, white patchouli, opopanax, olibanum, purple plum, aged oak, black currant, vanilla ambrosia and honey nectar
This sounded awesome, but… alas. It smells like pomegranates, but deeply artificial and very… weird. I'm pretty sure it's one of the oak, patchouli, opopanax, olibanum… you get the gist. It's meh. Very meh. It turns powdery and grandma-y on me. I sort of say that for everything, though.
Pros: Well. If you want to smell like a primal grandmother, this is great for you. (Oh god.)
Cons: Sigh. Sorry, love, but I have to heavily disagree with your description: “Macadamia Souffle has a light & fluffy texture and does not leave behind an oily film. Easily absorbed into the skin, leaving behind a silky after-feel.” It was EXTREMELY greasy. Literally the greasiest thing I have ever used. Greasier than Bath and Body Works, and that is pretty damn greasy. It took 40 freaking minutes to absorb into my skin. My skin doesn't feel any smoother, silkier, or better. And it STILL had a film. I judge things whether they leave a fingerprint on my phone when I touch it and sweet mother of Jesus, if I committed a crime with this body lotion on, they'd have so much evidence because FINGERPRINTS WERE EVERYWHERE.
Just… skip this. I can't really think of any pros except smelling like a primal grandma. I mean, if that's your thing go for it.
Kimberley Rose Kreme Body Moisturizer
This is not the musky rose fragrance that you get by sniffing the beautiful bouquet. Not to be mistaken for your mama's rose-scented eau de toilette floral water from back in the day. This is a rose like no other. Fresh, hand-picked Bulgarian roses, intermingled with just-cut Dune & Musk roses. set atop santalum, rained on by vanilla accord, sprinkled with cocoa bean, resinous amber, star anise & musk, and grounded with earthy green moss.
Sounds great, right? Non-musky rose? Sign me up. Unfortunately, it smells exactly like musky rose. Oh well, creativity for the description.
Pros: Well. It feels moisturizing. I can't comment for this one's moisturizing power; the smell was too artificial and powdery I had to wash it off.
Cons: The smell, obviously. I'm not really a fan. Other than that, the same complaint as the Dark Shadows Souffle.
Ginger Glace
Spicy ginger, enveloped by crunchy sugar crystals, sprinkled with amber and enveloped in the cool richness of vanilla cream.
Hmm. This… this is alright.
Pros: It smells like ginger, obviously. If you've ever eaten Thai food, you know what ginger I'm talking about. It's sharp, surrounded by other spices, and accompanied by coconut. This is what it smells like, sort of.
Cons: Obviously Thai food isn't what a person is going for when they order this, but it's what it reminds me of. Still greasy and still long wait to absorb.
With my order, I got three little bars of soap in way-too-big plastic bags. They seem to all smell the same, but that's probably because they were in a bag together for three plus days.
Overall, I was really let down. This is my first indie purchase for lotion and things, and I should have let others review it first. But here is my forewarning to y'all. Pick and choose carefully, avoid the Body Souffles, and you should be alright. Kheimberley is a sweetheart with a gorgeous name. I feel bad not liking them products, but this is an honest review. Hopefully they reformulate and changes some things! Kheimistrii has so much potential, and I really hope they use it all.
Edit 11/17/14:
I'd like to take a moment and add a few thoughts. I've been using the Ginger Glace lotion a few more times since I published this (the other two are untouched because the smell is just so… undesirable).
The containers they uses are not very good at sealing. Lotion ended up leaking everywhere in my bag, as well as forming a crust of dried lotion. All. The. Time. This is best used in a stationary place.
As it gets drier and deeper into winter, the lotion absorbs faster, but it still is not quick by any means. It takes about thirty minutes.
The smell and absorbency rate are really what's keeping me from buying again. I'd also like to point out she's raised them prices.
I don't think my thoughts have really changed on their products.
Advertisements
Julia Gillard receives The Critical Decade report from Tim Flannery (left) and Will Steffen in Canberra. Picture: Ray Strange
LIBERAL powerbroker Nick Minchin has attacked a new report that declares the world is in imminent danger from human-induced climate change as offensive nonsense from known "global warming alarmists".
Senator Minchin, who played a key role in terminating Malcolm Turnbull's leadership over their support for emissions trading, said there was still a legitimate debate over the role of humans in climate change.
“The so-called Climate Commission is a Labor government-appointed committee of known climate alarmists, selectively appointed ... to further the cause of global warming alarmism,” they said following today's release of the commission's first report.
Read Next
“I think everybody should take anything they say with a grain of salt,” Senator Minchin said.
“What's most offensive is (climate commissioner) Will Steffen suggesting the scientific debate is over.
“That's nonsense because there is a very lively scientific debate about the role of human-induced Co2 emissions in climate change.”
The Climate Commission report says the world has at best 10 years to cut carbon emissions or it will face dangerous atmospheric warming and sea level rises.
Professor Steffen also called today for an end to “fruitless, phoney” debate, saying climate change denial is a luxury the world can no longer afford.
Senator Minchin is retiring in July but they remain a close confidant of Tony Abbott and their views as a party elder are widely sought.
 They are on the record as being sceptical of mainstream climate science, saying earlier this year they believed the world was more likely to be cooling than getting hotter.
Senator Minchin said the new report did nothing to further Labor's case for a carbon tax.
“What I think is most frustrating in all of this is this report provides no basis for Australia acting unilaterally on a carbon tax,” they said.
“Given we are responsible for about one per cent of the world's emissions of CO2 and when it's clear that China's additional emissions over the next few decades will completely swamp any reductions in our emissions, anything Australia does will be utterly pointless and have no impact whatsoever on the global climate.”
Greens senator Christine Milne backed the commission's finding that Australia faced a critical decade on climate change, and also called for an end to the debate over whether climate change is real.
“What this report will do is actually help the Australian population see that what we've been having is a phoney debate in Australia that's been run by the sceptics, financed by big business, by coal, by oil around the world,” they said.
Earlier this month Microsoft revealed plans to build support for Docker containers into the next release of Windows Server, due mid-2015. It's a move of real significance, according to Docker CTO Solomon Hykes — even by the standards of the open-source project's eventful first 20 months.
Hykes began Docker as an internal project at PaaS firm dotCloud, before the toolkit for building distributed applications went open source in March 2013.
By automating the creation and deployment of apps in containers — a lighter-weight form of virtualisation — Docker is designed to free developers from software and infrastructure dependencies, cutting costs and creating efficiencies in the process.
When Microsoft said Windows will do containers and is selecting Docker as the primary interface for managing them, it was a move that marked a distinct shift in the project's already successful trajectory.
"That of course is a very strong message to the IT community — that in the future Docker is not intended to be a sort of hippy developer tool but a mainstream part of the IT toolbox," Hykes said.
Read this Docker container support coming to Microsoft's next Windows Server release Microsoft is building new container technologies into the next Windows Server release, enabling Dockerized applications to run on Windows Server on-premises or on Azure. Read More
"It's very significant. Of course it was not a product release. It was a statement of commitment by Microsoft. But it was a very strong statement. It's most important for Docker because it confirms what we've been saying, which is that the principle of Docker is to help developers build these applications across any underlying system."
Hykes said Microsoft's statement emphasised that the value of Docker lies in its openness and its ability to create interoperability.
"Its value is in telling a developer, 'Your application may run on a machine at Amazon or a machine in a closet at your employer's, or on your laptop. It may run on Linux, or on Windows. It may run lots of different storage networking infrastructure but Docker will provide you with an abstraction on top of that, so that you can focus on the parts of the application that remain the same," they said.
"We've done that but still under the umbrella of Linux. In reality there are lots of different flavours of Linux and lots of different ways to deploy containers on Linux. We already deal with a lot of interoperability problems and we shield developers from lots of them.
"But if you zoom out, it's still Linux. So now that it's clear that on the horizon there're going to be Windows components and Linux components managed under the joint umbrella of Docker. That makes it very clear that Docker is about more than Linux containers."
Read this Azure CTO: Why Microsoft is digging Docker and the container revolution Recently appointed Azure CTO Mark Russinovich spells out Microsoft's espousal of the container cause on its cloud computing platform and their reservations about Docker security. Read More
Microsoft will have its own container mechanism that will only be accessible to Windows applications but that approach only underlines Docker's capability in running distributed applications.
"When a developer builds an application that is made of lots of different services running on lots of different machines, one of those services might be Window-based and another service might be Linux-based. The resulting application as a whole, across all the machines, across all the different services, can be called cross-platform. It has a Windows piece and a Linux piece," Hykes said.
In an enterprise setting, a typical example of that situation might be an existing legacy line-of-business application, perhaps a .NET service-oriented deployment, connected to a SQL Server database containing core business data.
"That application's been around for a long time and used primarily internally — let's say maybe it's the data back end for retail stores. Now there's a new initiative to ship a mobile application with a cool web interface where customers can log in. Now this enterprise is pushing customers to install the app and do cool new things from their home. But they still need to access the same data," Hykes said.
Read this Docker 1.3 arrives with improved security Docker, makers of the popular container technology with the same name, has a major new release that will both developers and administrators will love. Read More
"The architects for that project have this problem that the application from the point of view of the consumer includes this legacy Windows .NET installation but all the tooling under the web mobile site is Linux, Ruby on Rails — it may be completely different. There's no bridge between the two."
The solution for the architects is not to port the legacy part to Linux or develop the web part in Windows.
"The idea is to say let's use this tool for each job but let's then have a management layer and an abstraction layer on top of that to help us manage it as a whole. That's what Docker has the ambition to help with," they said.
"That's why the result of the Microsoft announcement will not allow a container that runs on Linux to run seamlessly on Windows or vice versa. But that's OK because in the context of distributed applications that's not what developers are asking for."
Hykes said Microsoft's plans are important for Docker's future and represent one of the major themes for the project, as it emerges from its early stages and the need for more tools becomes apparent.
Read this What is Docker and why is it so darn popular? Docker is hotter than hot because it makes it possible to get far more apps running on the same old servers and it also makes it very easy to package and ship programs. Here's what you need to know about it. Read More
"There is definitely a turning point, a very clear one. This is a really young project and the first year has been characterised by incredible adoption — which took us by surprise — and just catching up with the community that simply appeared around the project and started running with it," they said.
"Although [Docker] still needs a lot of work, it's clear that it's already being deployed around the world to run real applications. That has got IT organisations around the world scrambling to get a better hold of it, to understand it better and make sure they can manage it properly.
"At the same time there's been a focus in the Docker community itself — which includes us as a company but also includes engineers from other companies — to start steering Docker towards better manageability from an IT and operations point of view, dealing with things like scale and security and reliability and monitoring."
The approach that Docker has taken to address the tools shortage is not necessarily to build the software but rather to create networking, storage and security interfaces so third parties can produce compatible utilities.
"It's a fundamental design principle in Docker itself. If you organise everything from the start to be simple and extendable, then in the long run you have a solution that's much more scalable because a much larger group of people overall can solve a wider set of problems in parallel, without forcing you to choose one versus the other," Hykes said.
"The biggest challenge is the more sophisticated the use case, the more fragmented the solutions become. When you start assembling tools for your particular problem, deploying lots of containers and machines to fit your particular business requirements, you need to allocate resources in a certain way, or you have a certain kind of networking equipment that you want to accommodate. It becomes very custom. It's hard to find a single one-size-fits-all to fit everybody."
As a result Docker has focused on allowing composition so fundamental tools can be mixed and matched, and when a customer need inevitably arises in, say, custom resource allocation or monitoring, there are interfaces for extensions.
"You can build your own things or find a third party in the ecosystem that has built a component that you like. You can expand your Docker deployment with that third party without scrapping the whole thing and starting over," Hykes said.
Two areas of Docker need urgent attention based on feedback from the community. One is the orchestration of networks and clusters — anything that has to do with multiple machines and multiple containers. The other big topic is security, which includes authentication, access control and identity.
Docker 1.3, released earlier this month , represents a first step towards improved container security through a tech preview feature allowing the signing of container images.
"The problem when you release the first feature, there are always quirks and little things that you have to iron out. But the stakes are really high on this one because if something goes wrong, you can't run your container anymore," Hykes said.
"The idea is to start testing everything else. Does the interface feel intuitive to the users? Are the explanations clear? Is the general flow of using it correct? We wanted to start testing that without flipping the switch quite yet on denying everything completely if something goes wrong.
"So for now, in this first version, some of the images are verified and the verification is just for information. In other words, even if an image is corrupted or it fails verification, you'll get a message telling you. It will not block you from using it. As a result, you cannot rely on it for security since you're still capable of running a container that's not trusted.
"But at least the mechanism for verification, the infrastructure to deal with all this is out there and people are testing it which means at least we're beginning to get a handle on what's working well and what's not and we can fine-tune. So it's really to start turning the wheel of software improvement."
A good deal of work is underway between Docker and the creators of tools in security, networking and monitoring.
"The focus in general is to present Docker as an end-to-end platform — sort of substrate that can be always present and lets you glue together these different parts of your application deployments," Hykes said.
"From the point of view of an organisation, when you're producing software or producing these applications, it's all like a conveyor belt in a factory. It's really an assembly line, with developers on the left and ops all the way to the right and a lot of steps in between.
"What we're trying to do is giving a view of the entire conveyor belt, end to end, from the first to the last step."
More on Docker and containers
Briana Banks, the star of Sodomania: Slop Shots 9 & 10 and Honey I Blew Everybody 3 was having an off night when they hit another car in an L.A. McDonald's' drivethru. They tried to bolt after the fender bender, but didn't make it far.
Banks, who was so adept at navigating a forest of cocks in Gangbang Auditions 5, was unable to elude police on L.A.'s wide boulevards. When they pulled them over, the cops thought they looked high and drunk, and they failed their field sobriety test miserably.
Advertisement
Banks was taken to the station, but released shortly thereafter. They may have learned a few tricks about the legal system when they filmed Jail Babes 19 back in 2001.
Photo credit: Getty Images; L.A. County Sheriff's Office
South Korea's defense ministry ramped up its criticism of North Korea Monday, even going as far as to say the regime must disappear soon.Defense Ministry Spokesperson Kim Min-seok said during a press briefing that North Korea is not a real country and exists solely for the benefit of one person -- referring to its young dictator Kim Jong-un."Can North Korea even be regarded as a country? Is there human rights? Is there freedom? It continues to make false claims that are historically retrograde. It's a country that cannot exist and should disappear soon."The comments, which came as a response to North Korea's denial of responsibility over the three drones found near the inter-Korean border earlier this year, will likely draw the ire of Pyongyang.While South Korea has been highly critical of North Korea's nuclear ambitions, its latest remarks contain much stronger language than usual.Seoul tries to avoid commenting on anything that could be interpreted as a collapse of the North Korean regime over worries of provoking Pyongyang.The two Koreas had agreed earlier this year to end all cross-border slandering but North Korea has not complied, hurling sexist and racist remarks against the leaders of South Korea and the United States ever since President Obama's visit to Seoul late last month.The two leaders had vowed then to stand shoulder-to-shoulder against any North Korean provocations.Renewed inter-Korean tensions are sparking concerns of a fourth nuclear test by North Korea in protest of what it calls U.S. and South Korean hostilities.Hwang Sung-hee, Arirang News.
Oregon senator and vocal critic of NSA says senior intelligence officials will try to make sure any change is merely 'skin deep'
The Democratic senator leading congressional efforts to rein in the National Security Agency warned on Wednesday that senior intelligence and administration officials will attempt to block any meaningful change while publicly speaking the language of reform.
Ron Wyden, a member of the Senate intelligence committee, told a conference on the NSA and privacy at the Cato Institute in Washington that the reform campaign was at a pivotal moment, with the Senate and the House of Representatives to examine new surveillance legislation over the next few weeks.
But, Wyden said, the American public should not be fooled by what they called the “business-as-usual brigade” – made up of intelligence officials, their supporters in Congress, thinktanks and the media.
They will “try mightily to fog up the surveillance debate and convince Congress and the public that the real problem here is not overly intrusive, constitutionally flawed domestic surveillance, but sensationalistic media reporting”, Wyden said. “Their endgame is ensuring that any surveillance reforms are only skin deep.”
The Oregon senator is a part of a bipartisan Senate group who unveiled the first comprehensive surveillance reform bill two weeks ago. It would end the NSA's bulk collection of phone records, first revealed by the Guardian in June, change the secret court that oversees the agency's foreign intelligence programs and close the loophole that allows analysts to review Americans' communications without a warrant.
Wyden said they expected a tough legislative battle against the “defenders of the status quo”, whose arguments, they said, had an “Alice in Wonderland flavour” that left the public with a distorted view of the NSA's activities and the effectiveness of oversight.
"Privacy protections that don't actually protect privacy are not worth the paper they're printed on,” they said. “And just because intelligence officials say that a particular program helps catch terrorists doesn't make it true.”
They were also sceptical about the Obama administration's professed commitment to greater transparency. “When it comes to greater transparency and openness, the executive branch has shown little interest in lasting reforms that would actually make the intelligence community more open and transparent, and executive branch officials will probably resist any attempts to mandate greater transparency,” they said.
Wyden was scathing about the government's “trust us” argument on surveillance, which they said was undermined by the NSA's own track record. “The rules have been broken, and the rules have been broken a lot,” they said.
As a result, Wyden said, it would be a mistake for Congress to enshrine these measures in law. As well as giving the domestic surveillance programs a stamp of approval, it would also pave the way for other types of private data – such as medical and firearms records – to be collected in bulk. “Codifying the bulk collection program into law and ushering in a new era of digital surveillance would normalize over-broad authorities that were once unthinkable in America,” they said.
The NSA's programs were also undermining public trust in the major US technology companies that have been subject to surveillance orders, Wyden said. “If they start to lose ground to foreign competition it will put tens of thousands of high-paying jobs at serious risk. If a foreign enemy were doing this much damage to our economy, people would be out in the street with pitchforks.”
Another speaker at the Cato event, Michigan member of congress Justin Amash, said the director of national intelligence James Clapper should face criminal charges for lying to Congress.
"Director Clapper very clearly lied to Congress," said Amash following their speech. "He should be prosecuted for lying."
Amash continued: “We can't have those kinds of actions in Congress and find them acceptable."
Clapper has come under heavy criticism for a March statement to the Senate intelligence committee that the NSA does "not wittingly" collect information on millions of Americans – a claim directly contradicted by whistleblower Edward Snowden's revelations about mass phone records collection by the NSA.
Railing against what they considered undue deference to the Obama administration and intelligence agencies, Amash lambasted their colleagues on the secret intelligence committees as "enemies of Congress".
"Time and again, the intelligence committees have not been the friends of Congress – they have been the enemies of Congress," Amash said, accusing the committee members of "covering up for the administration".
Their fellow Michigan Republican, Mike Rogers – who has strongly defended the NSA's bulk surveillance and opposed Amash's July effort to defund it – chairs the House intelligence committee.
Amash described secretive closed-door briefings for legislators on secret surveillance programs as providing "no real information" to the members of Congress that have to vote on surveillance laws.
"There's no real information provided," Amash said. "You don't know what questions to ask. You have to just start spitting out random questions. Does the government have a moon base? Does the government have a talking bear? Does the government have a cyborg army?"
• Spencer Ackerman, the Guardian's US national security editor, was a speaker at the Cato Institute event.
Former SmackDown General Manager Teddy Long will be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame two nights before WrestleMania 33.
Holla, holla, holla! Theodore Long is the next inductee in the WWE Hall of Fame's Class of 2017, as first reported by FoxSports.com.
Visit Long's Hall of Fame profile | Photos | Watch Long's career highlights
Long's induction is the culmination of a 30-plus year career in the sports-entertainment industry, dating back to the early 1980s, when they did odd jobs in various territories around the southern United States. That led to a position on the ring crew with Jim Crockett Promotions, the predecessor to World Championship Wrestling, and eventually a position as an official NWA referee. They shared the ring with legends and Hall of Famers like Ric Flair and The Four Horsemen, Dusty Rhodes, Magnum TA, The Rock ‘n' Roll Express and countless others.
As the 80s drew to a close, Teddy Long left behind the referee's stripes and became a manager, guiding the careers of up-and-coming grapplers. Their first success as a manager came when their charges Doom, the powerful tag team of Ron Simmons and Butch Reed, captured the WCW World Tag Team Titles from the Steiner Brothers. During their tenure as a manager in WCW, Long helped guide the careers of a varied group of competitors, including Chris Jericho, Johnny B. Badd, Ice Train and One Man Gang, among countless others.
Photos of the incredible career of 2017 WWE Hall of Fame inductee Theodore Long.
In 1998, Long made the jump to WWE, once again donning the referee's stripes and doing their best to enforce the rules during some of the Attitude Era's biggest matches. By 2002, they once again turned to managing, this time hitching their wagon to the nasty trio of D-Lo Brown, Rodney Mack and Jazz, later adding Christopher Nowinski, Mark Henry and Mark Jindrak to the fold.
However, Long may best be remembered by the WWE Universe for their work as a General Manager. They were made the SmackDown GM in 2004, becoming the first African-American to hold the position. During several tenures at the helm of SmackDown and ECW, Long established themselves as someone who would work their hardest to give the WWE Universe the best shows possible. That included the New Superstar Initiative, which introduced WWE fans to the likes of Kofi Kingston and Jack Swagger, among others.
On top of that, Long was often lauded for their matchmaking skills. When tensions ran high between groups of four (or more) Superstars, they knew how best to diffuse the situation – by splitting them up into squads for a tag team match! Long's love for impromptu tag team matches became their calling card, endearing them even more to the WWE Universe.
Long's groundbreaking career in sports-entertainment makes them worthy of the awesome honor of induction into the WWE Hall of Fame.
Tickets for the 2017 WWE Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony, taking place on Friday, March 31, at the Amway Center in Orlando, Fla., are available now. Visit Ticketmaster.com for complete information on how you can see Theodore Long take their place in sports-entertainment history.
Video has emerged of a man stealing a snake from a pet shop, by stuffing it down theirs trousers.
Surveillance video from A to Z Pets in Portland, Oregon shows the thief lifting a $200 python out of its glass tank before surreptitiously putting it down their jeans.
After hearing that the two foot long black pastel ball python was missing, store owner Christin Bjugan spotted the man while reviewing CCTV footage.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
They told Fox News 6 that the operation might not have gone so smoothly if it had been a Monday.
'He's lucky it wasn't feeding day. Feeding days are on Mondays. And they're very hungry,' they said.
Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: venomous snakes Show all 5 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: venomous snakes 1/5 Egyptian Cobra Found in the Middle East, North Africa and sub-Saharan Africa, the cobra's venom can kill a human within 15 minutes and an elephant in three hours. It can be recognised by its small flat head and round snout Alamy 2/5 Puff Adder Found across Southern Africa, the snake, which has dark stripes, hunts small mammals, birds, lizards, frogs and toads Rex 3/5 Black Mamba Once thought to be the world's deadliest snake, the black mamba is found in Southern and Eastern Africa. It strikes once, then waits for its prey to become paralysed before devouring it Rex 4/5 Carpet Viper The snake, which is found in South Asia and India, has a speckled belly and a distinctive cross-shaped white mark on its head. It hunts lizards scorpions and centipedes Rex 5/5 Spitting Cobra The colour varies on this snake, which is found in sub-Saharan Africa. It eats small rodents, lizards and other snakes. Unlike other snakes it projects its venom Rex 1/5 Egyptian Cobra Found in the Middle East, North Africa and sub-Saharan Africa, the cobra's venom can kill a human within 15 minutes and an elephant in three hours. It can be recognised by its small flat head and round snout Alamy 2/5 Puff Adder Found across Southern Africa, the snake, which has dark stripes, hunts small mammals, birds, lizards, frogs and toads Rex 3/5 Black Mamba Once thought to be the world's deadliest snake, the black mamba is found in Southern and Eastern Africa. It strikes once, then waits for its prey to become paralysed before devouring it Rex 4/5 Carpet Viper The snake, which is found in South Asia and India, has a speckled belly and a distinctive cross-shaped white mark on its head. It hunts lizards scorpions and centipedes Rex 5/5 Spitting Cobra The colour varies on this snake, which is found in sub-Saharan Africa. It eats small rodents, lizards and other snakes. Unlike other snakes it projects its venom Rex
Police are still looking for both the suspect and the snake.
POLICE feared Julian Assange would be assassinated on the front steps of the High Court, the WikiLeaks founder has revealed.
The 39-year-old Australian was told to keep a statement celebrating their freedom brief due a perceived threat on their life.
The police concerns emerged as Mr Assange revealed further details about their prison stay - including that they were housed alongside paedophiles and found support among prison guards.
Mr Assange was release from custody on Friday after winning an appeal against a successful bail application.
 They are fighting an extradition order from Swedish authorities, which accuse them of sex crimes in their country, claims they deny.
Speaking to Spanish newspaper El Pais they admitted they were resigned to the fact that people wanted to kill him.
"I could have stayed there talking for an hour, but the police were worried because I could have been assassinated - or something like that," Mr Assange said.
"I receive death threats all the time. My lawyer receives them, my son receives them. Most of them seem to come from members of the United States armed forces."
Members of the crowd gathered to support them momentarily mistook news photographers taking photographs of Mr Assange from the top of a building near the court as snipers on Friday.
Mr Assange left their solitary confinement cell at Wandsworth Prison to take up residence in a 10-bedroom mansion on a sprawling 600-acre estate owned by a friend in Suffolk.
Describing conditions at Wandsworth, they said they had been housed on a wing occupied by "people who have been convicted of sexual offences, child killers".
"There were crazy paedophiles who shouted all night about their crimes. You heard these cries all night."
In a strange anecdote they described losing a tooth after chewing on a metal object that turned up in a meal of rice and beans.
They could not determine if it was placed in the dish on purpose, but the tooth - which they saved in a piece of paper - was later taken from their cell while they were out exercising.
"It will soon be for sale on eBay. I suppose (it was taken) because they didn't want any kind of evidence that such an episode occurred," they joked.
They claimed they had found supporters among the prison guards - with one even handing them a card declaring: "I only have two heroes in this world: Martin Luther King and you."
Mr Assange's son Daniel, a Melbourne software designer, is reported to have gone into hiding in Australia, though they are still maintaining a presence online, yesterday Twittering that their father: "has a tendency to follow the path of the highest resistance, simply for the sake of defiance."
The WikiLeaks mastermind told the Spanish newspaper they had received support on a global scale, especially in South America and Australia.
"It seems as if everybody everywhere is supporting us," they said.
US Vice President Joe Biden has labelled Mr Assange as a dangerous "hi-tech terrorist", and confirmed the US is pursuing legal options against him.
By Trevor Allen, LGBT Program Intern
The latest victim of Russia's anti-LGBT “propaganda” law, Elena Klimova is the creator of “Children-404,” an online forum for Russian-speaking LGBT teens to write openly and anonymously about their daily lives and hardships. Vitaly Milonov, the St. Petersburg legislative assemblyman who filed a complaint against Klimova, told Russian News Channel 4 that the site is “against the law, provocative and amoral.” Klimova awaits trial in their hometown of Nizhny Tagil.
Klimova created Children-404 in March 2013 out of concern for the effects that the law would have on young people. In addition to providing a refuge for teens, the site has information for adults about discrimination LGBT teens face.
Between Russian social media site Vkontakte and Facebook, Children-404 has more than 6,000 subscribers. On its pages, teens recount daily episodes of bullying and violence at school, and they relate stories about unsupportive family environments. According to their testimonies, Russian parents tend to react negatively to their children's coming out. They say their children are mentally ill and a disgrace to their family, or they claim their children are going through a phase. Subscribers to the blog are able to respond and provide support.
The site is a literal lifeline. Just last year, Russia ranked number one in teen suicides in Europe. Klimova regularly receives messages from teenagers thanking them for saving their lives. They have assembled a team of psychologists who provide pro-bono counseling to teen users. One of them, Anna “Gizullina,” argues that the St. Petersburg Legislative Assembly must not shut down the blog under any circumstances: “Children-404 is the only resource that LGBT youth can go to for psychological help and support.”
Milonov's case against the blog and its creator elucidates the underlying purpose of the “anti-gay propaganda” law: repression of free speech. Klimova supposedly violated the “anti-gay propaganda” law by promoting the social equivalence of “traditional” and “nontraditional” orientations. Other educators and activists are at risk of being charged under the homophobic legislation, such as Aleksandr Ermoshkin, a geography teacher from Khabarovsk, Russia who was fired this past year for being gay.
Meeting with LGBT activists in St. Petersburg last week, Human Rights First was told of the alarming increase in prosecutions under the anti-“propaganda” laws, which extend beyond activists and the gay community to journalists, social media sites, and the news media. President Putin and other Russian officials surely hope that the world will look away from its crackdown on civil society once the Olympics ends; we'll be working to make sure the world doesn't.
Lt. Gen. Alexander Schnitger said the two designs being evaluated by the US Army could fall far short of actual wartime needs.
LONDON — The head of the Royal Netherlands Air Force has a message for their U.S. Army colleagues developing the military helicopter of the future: You're doing it all wrong.
In a blunt address to a room of global helicopter experts, Lt. Gen. Alexander Schnitger said the two primary designs being evaluated by the Army are not ambitious enough and could fall far short of what NATO needs to win a war.
“Sure, requirements call for a helicopter that is twice as fast and can fly twice as far as the current generation, but both solutions are based on '80s technology, refreshed a little bit,” Schnitger said at the DSEI global security conference.
Through a project called Future Vertical Lift, the Army has asked Bell Helicopter and a Sikorsky-Boeing team to build prototypes that could evolve into the design for thousands of new helicopters for the American military and its allies. The Bell design is a new tiltrotor that has rotating propellers — like the V-22 Osprey — so the aircraft can take off like a helicopter, then accelerate to an airplane's top speed. The Sikorsky-Boeing design includes a compound main rotor and a rear propeller that pushes the helicopter forward, helping it reach high speeds.
Schnitger was not impressed.
“[I]is that really, really the cutting edge? Is that truly disruptive, vertical-lift technology?” they said. “When I look at the [Future Vertical Lift] designs, I see today's technology being incrementally improved toward the future. What I would like to see is a disruptive vision of the vertical-lift capabilities that is ready for any operation in 2040. Instead of extrapolating today into the future, I'd like to start with the future and then decide how to get there.”
Helicopter experts can agree that there are certain attributes needed by the rotorcraft of 2030 and beyond, including drastically better performance than today's aircraft. They need to fly higher, faster, further and carry more.
“We'd like to carry more with a platform that basically weighs the same,” said Pat Collins, an engineer in the British military's Defence Equipment and Support division. “That might lead us to go into more dedicated aircraft rather than multirole platforms.”
The U.S. Army's current plan is a scalable helicopter, depending on the missions, with lots of similar components.
“If you actually want to have a viable platform that would be able to get stuff out, long distance, fast, with a large quantity of [gear on board], it may have to be dedicated for that,” Collins said.
Helicopters in the future must be able to evade small-arms fire, rocket-propelled grenades, and missiles.
“This is an area that demands our immediate attention, given the rapidly increasing proliferation of more sophisticated threat systems,” said Maj. Gen. Richard Felton, commander of British military's Joint Helicopter Command.
They must be able to fly in all types of weather, fog, dust, rain and snow. This is a major priority for the U.S. Army. Then there's reducing vibrations and the wear and tear on rotor blades, two other areas eyed for improvement.
The British military already has a project to prevent helicopters from flying into power lines and other types of wires. More needs to be done to prevent helicopters from colliding with one another on the battlefield when their not transmitting their location, Collins said.
New helicopters must be able to talk to one another electronically and be built in a way that they can receive upgrades without little modification.
While some future helicopters will be pilotless, the manned ones will operate in concert with drones. The Army is already doing this with Apaches and Shadow and Grey Eagle drones.
Schnitger also said there needs to be more participation from European companies for European countries to buy in. In their position as Air Force commander, Schnitger oversees The Netherlands 83 military helicopters, a fleet that includes American-made Chinooks and Apaches.
“[I]f they don't get it right — we the warfighter, the maintainer, the industry and our political masters — will be stuck with the wrong vertical lift for future missions for a very, very long time,” they said. “That's why we need to get it right, and we probably need to get it right together.”
Military planners are bad at predicting threats five years from now, as evident of Russia's invasion of Ukraine and the rapid rise and spread of Islamic State militants. The two designs are based on a present view of the world and technology, Schnitger said.
“So far I am not impressed nor convinced that the current plans are advanced enough to serve us past 2040,” they said.
“When we start thinking about future vertical lift capabilities, our primary consideration should be the effects that the need to be able to achieve in tomorrow's operations, Schnitger said.
In a startling statement, Donald Trump's pick for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson publicly disagreed with the President-elect's position on climate change. While Trump has stated they want to withdraw from the Paris agreement, and has characterized climate change as an anti-American “hoax,” Tillerson told Congress, “I think it's important that the United States maintain its seat at the table on the conversations around how to address the threats of climate change, which do require a global response. No one country is going to solve this alone.”
Tillerson's position is an interesting one, considering that he's the former CEO of ExxonMobil, a company that's been accused of misleading the public on the existence of climate change since the 1960s. In fact, the company continues to fund climate-denial research to this day. Despite this, Tillerson insisted that they believe the “risk of climate change does exist” and that the consequences could be serious enough to “warrant action.”
Related: Americans don't trust climate change science because of fossil fuel industry's disinformation
While Tillerson has said Trump is aware of their views and they would be willing to advise the administration to take climate change seriously (perhaps with a bit more caution than environmentalists would like), it's unclear if this could actually change Trump's approach in any way. The administration's other nominees have come out firmly against the very concept of climate change – including Rick Perry, Trump's proposed head of the Department of Energy, and Scott Pruitt, the pick for head of the Environmental Protection Agency.
Although Tillerson appears to grudgingly accept the reality of climate change, that's no reason for the American public to let our guard down. The would-be Secretary of State did not address whether they believe climate change poses a threat to national security – an opinion held by the nation's foremost military expert. They also refused to discuss ExxonMobil's longstanding war against scientific research on the subject, and they would not give a firm answer on whether they would suspend US funding to the UN Green Climate Fund. There's also the troubling matter of the former exec's troubling ties to Vladimir Putin, which critics fear could compromise their ability to perform their duties effectively.
Via Mother Jones
Images via William Munoz and Wikimedia Commons
Never before has the road to a scholarship or provincial team been paved so smoothly for Kootenay youth soccer players.
Now 26 players from the region have the opportunity to prove the province doesn't end at Hope at the Whitecaps High Potential Player (HPP) Showcase week March 30 to April 5 in Vancouver.
The Kootenay players will be part of the 100 invitees from Whitecaps FC Academy Centres across BC.
“Kootenay Soccer is expanding all the time and there has been fantastic work going on for years,” Brett Adams, Whitecaps Kootenay Regional Head Coach.
“As the professional soccer club we have added to the great work by offering opportunities and highly qualified coaching.”
The Whitecaps Northern Academy qualified 23 players while Kamloops and Island have 15 and 14 players attending, respectively.
The Academy in Saskatchewan has 19 players able to attend.
Locally, in the Kootenays, Adams said the Whitecaps currently offer technical direction in Nelson, Cranbrook, Kimberley and Castlegar.
The Whitecaps, part Major League Soccer, also work with youth soccer associations in Fernie and Creston.
“The associations are seeing the benefit of having experienced professionals guide their youth,” Adams added.
The Whitecaps FC HPP program is a club initiative that has been expanded to the Academy Centre network to identify players that are excelling in their respective regions.
“We are excited to be able to introduce this new initiative this year as part of our Academy Centre network and Showcase tournament,” said Whitecaps FC director of soccer development Dan Lenarduzzi on the team website.
Adams, a UEFA A licensed coach, which is the highest soccer qualification a skipper can attain, said the HPP camp is a great chance for the Kootenay players to showcase their talents in front of scouts and college coaches.
“The idea is to have all of our High potential players the opportunity to be scouted by universities from Canada and the US,” Adams said.
“The immediate goal would be help these players secure scholarships.”
According to the Whitecaps website, training camp for the HPP teams will begin on March 30. Vancouver-based Pre-Residency and Girls Elite technical staff, along with all Academy Centre head coaches, will lead technical and tactical sessions.
Additionally, players will also receive a college prep session provided by Whitecaps FC manager of collegiate transition Ryan Clark.
Following a week of training, teams will then head into the Showcase tournament from Friday to Sunday.
The Whitecaps FC Academy Centers, which run in the winter during the offseason from club soccer, has allowed players to refine their skills though high-level coaching.
“The plan is to give these players the opportunity to work with elite coaches for a long period of time so that when opportunities arise they will be used to a high level of instruction,” Adams explains.
“When I started in 2013 we had 100 players in the Academy, we now have 250-plus with centers in Nelson, Cranbrook and Fernie.”
The balance of the youth soccer season for Provincial B teams in the interior of the province run from February to mid-July.
The Whitecaps are offering a handful of camps during the summer to keep the players sharp in preparation for the Academy Center in the fall.
July 7-9 th – NEW for 2015 – Cranbrook Prospect Camp
– – Cranbrook Prospect Camp July 13-17 – Nelson Skills Camp
July 27-31 st – Castlegar Skills Camp
– Castlegar Skills Camp August 17-21 st – Nelson Prospects Camp
– Nelson Prospects Camp August 31st – September 2nd – Nelson Attacking speed Camp/GK Camp
The list of Kootenay Players attending the camp (from Nelson unless otherwise stated) include:
U15 Girls
Michaela Anderson
Sophie Borhi
Sofia Arcuri
Julia Burkart
Mattea Lorenzo
Shianne Michalchuk
Hanna Quinn
Eimily Taylor
U16 Girls
Laurel Halleran
Maya Ida
Jesamyn VanDonselaar
Taylor Zimmer
Sarah Andreas – Cranbrook
U17/18 Girls
Kyra Burkart
Paige Gattafoni – Trail
Naomi Perkins
Hailee Gerun
Jena Wheeldon
Abbie Bouchier-Willans
Tara Yowek
U15 Boys
Jaden Dyck
Ezra Foy
Jordan Klassen – Cranbrook
U16 Boys
Darian Johnson
U17/18 Boys
Nolan Derosa – Trail
Dylan Bennett
by Rika D Lively
There's this picture of me sitting in an old photo album at my parent's house. I am probably four and I'm standing on a patio chair outside with my brother and my dad. I've got a popsicle stick in my mouth with red juice stains surrounding my lips. We must have all finished swimming because the three of us are all shirtless, wearing swim-shorts.
Being shirtless isn't a huge deal when you are a four year old girl. It's probably not preferred, but it is not the worst. I remember my mom would frown at me as I refused the pink and purple swimsuits and demanded to wear swim-shorts just like dad. We were just in our own backyard and nothing was growing on my chest yet – but still, it wasn't proper swimwear for a girl. However, with the picture as evidence, I had gotten what I wanted. I swam in those swim-shorts and was just like the boys. I stood proudly on the chair with a popsicle in my mouth, my thumbs up in the air. I was a girl, but I was a girl who could do what the boys could do too.
Now, I'm not at all arguing that we should change what is considered proper swimwear for women. That memory is just an example of a four year-old who knew who they are, and knew what they wanted. It's also a memory of a four year-old who was beginning to experience a world with gender roles.
~
Gender roles are weird when you really stop and think about them. The “parts” you've been given will determine what extracurricular activities you can participate in, how much you'll be paid, and the likelihood of you getting sexually assaulted. That's crazy! From the moment your physiological parts are called female or male or neither, most of your life is already determined for you.
In my own opinion and experience, most gender roles are arbitrary and are socially constructed. Girls aren't biologically determined to love pink more than boys; and men aren't inherently messier than women. Yet, stereotypes and our social expectations keep these myths alive. If you're doubtful that gender roles are socially constructed, just think about how gender roles have evolved throughout culture and history.
Look at this picture of a small child:
Hot on the heels of Avacyn's Glory and Masks of the Dimir, it looks like another two decks for Duels of the Planeswalkers 2014 are being revealed.
First up is chant of Mul Daya, a green deck that's based on summoning Eldrazi terrors and annihilating the competition. I was surprised and excited to see this show up in a Duels game, and there's certainly opportunity for some insane plays.
Also making its debut is Enter the Dracomancer, a Jund deck that's all about dragons: summoning dragons, raising dragons, even becoming a dragon! Daenerys, eat your heart out.
Chant of Mul Daya decklist
1 x Artisan of Kozilek
4 x Farhaven Elf
4 x Grazing Gladehart
2 x Oracle of Mul Daya
1 x Pathrazer of Ulamog
2 x Pelakka Wurm
1 x Primeval Titan
1 x Sporemound
2 x Ulamog's Crusher
1 x Vastwood Hydra
2 x All Is Dust
1 x Eldrazi Conscription
3 x Explore
1 x It That Betrays
4 x Khalni Heart Expedition
4 x Rampant Growth
25 Forest
Unlocks
Enter the Dracomancer decklist
2 x Borderland Ranger
4 x Dragon Fodder
2 x Dragonspeaker Shaman
1 x Flameblast Dragon
2 x Gorger Wurm
3 x Hellkite Hatchling
1 x Hellkite Overlord
2 x Igneous Pouncer
1 x Predator Dragon
4 x Tukatongue Thallid
2 x Valley Rannet
1 x Volcanic Dragon
4 x Cultivate
2 x Jund Charm
1 x Sangrite Surge
4 x Soul's Fire
4 x Terramorphic Expanse
9 Forest
7 Mountain
4 Swamp
Unlocks
Both of these decks seem like a lot of fun for players who want to summon huge, battlefield-wrecking monsters to the table. Personally, I prefer Eldrazi abominations over the more traditional winged lizards… but when either is staring you down, what's the difference?
Sony is bringing official DualShock 4 support to Windows PCs and OS X. Today, alongside the announcement of PlayStation Now's upcoming release on Windows, the company revealed a new $24.99 USB adapter that will enable "every feature" of the PlayStation 4 gamepad. It will begin shipping in September.
Specifically, Sony says the dongle opens up full access to "buttons, analog sticks, touch pad, light bar, motion sensors, vibration, and stereo headset jack" — so long as those features are all supported by whatever game application you're using. You can already use the DualShock 4 for the basics by pairing over Bluetooth or plugging it in directly with a USB cable, but now the controller's full capabilities will be unlocked.
Sony probably assumes most people will be getting the adapter for a more convenient experience when playing PS Now (in the case of PC) or streaming PS4 games over Remote Play (both Windows and Mac). But it's nice to see the company itself being more active across platforms, so you won't need to turn to third-party tools anymore. In the comments of today's Sony blog post, a company employee confirmed that the new adapter only supports a single DS4 controller, but you can "connect a second controller with a USB cord" to play multiplayer through PS Now.
You've probably heard all about the horrible things that an EMP will do, if we are ever unfortunate enough to have an enemy set one off over the United States. (Or if we experience a Carrington-like major solar storm.)
It's actually pretty scary, especially when you take the time to consider how much we depend on electricity and electronic gadgets in our day-to-day lives. Never before has there been a society that has been so dependent on such a resource.
According to the report of the EMP Commission to Congress, a large part of the U.S. population would end up dying in the year following an EMP attack. That's got a lot of people scared, and rightly so, especially if they don't understand EMP and how it affects electronics.
How Does EMP Damage Electronics?
Basically, an EMP attacks electronics in two ways. The first is a direct attack in the form of energy similar to radio waves. However, the amount of electricity provided via an EMP is enormous, when compared to the amount of electricity in the radio waves we receive from our local radio and television stations. It even makes the amount of electricity from lightning look small by comparison.
This radio wave attack will hit all sorts of electronic devices directly. The worst attacks will be on devices which have wires connected to them that can act as antennas. So, computer systems and home entertainment systems will get hit hard, due to all the cables attached to them.
Amazing Breakthrough In Compact Portable Backup Power — Charges Your Phone, Laptop And Even Jump Starts Your Car!
Some small electronics, such as cell phones and MP3 players, may actually survive in this regard, simply because they don't have the “antenna effect” of wires attached to them.
The second way that an EMP attacks electronics is via the power grid. The millions of miles of electric wires strung back and forth across the country act as an immense antenna for radio waves, including those that come from an EMP. So, when the EMP reaches power lines, it will be absorbed, generating a huge spike.
Normal surge protectors that are used for protecting electronic equipment won't be effective against the voltage surge from an EMP for two reasons. First of all, they are designed for the much lower electrical power surge created by lightning. Secondly, the voltage spike from an EMP is much faster than that created by lightning. So, having equipment connected to a surge protector will mean nothing.
This one-two punch that an EMP creates will make it very difficult for any solid-state electronics to survive. Even equipment that is housed in metal cases, which should function as a faraday cage, is susceptible to damage, simply because of the voltage spike.
What Might Survive?
We need to understand that an EMP only damages solid state electronics. That means the stuff that's mounted to circuit boards inside radios, cell phones, televisions, computers and other electronic devices. They simply can't handle the power of an EMP.
Here are a few items that likely will survive:
1. Appliances*
There are a number of electric devices we use that aren't controlled by solid-state electronics. A (clothes) washer, for example, is nothing more than a motor, a mechanical timer and a couple of valves. Like most appliances, there isn't anything sensitive enough in a washing machine to be fried by the EMP. Therefore, most home appliances will probably survive.
*Let me put a caveat on this. Manufacturers are moving more and more toward adding solid-state controls to appliances. So, the fancier appliances may not work, even though the simpler models will.
2. Vintage electronics
Most true vintage electronics doesn't use solid-state components, especially if it contains vacuum tubes. While we're talking some fairly old equipment here, if you have an old radio or television that uses tubes, it will probably still work when your new fancy one won't.
3. Solar panels
Surprisingly, solar panels weather an EMP very well. You'll see a slight degradation of their power output — somewhere between 5 and 10 percent — but that's about it.
The Latest Breakthrough Advancement In Solar Backup Generators Is Here!
The panels will still produce power and will do so for many years.
4. Small, portable electronics
There is a chance that small electronics, on the order of a cell phone, may survive. A lot will depend on the location of the device when the EMP hits. Even minimal protection may be enough so that these devices will continue to function (obviously), the cell towers may be out of order). At least you'll be able to access information from your phone.
The common understanding is that electronics will survive if they are stored in a faraday cage. This is any sort of metal container which can be closed. It even works if the container is made out of fencing or chicken wire.
Of course, many of us spend at least part of our time inside large “faraday cages.” Metal buildings qualify as a faraday cage, as long as the electronics are insulated from direct contact with the building itself. So, people at work may find that their tablet and cell phone work, even if their computer is fried by the voltage surge coming through the grid.
5. Cars
While most people think that cars will be shut down by an EMP, the report from the EMP Commission provides details on EMP testing conducted by cars. This testing utilized a cross-section of automobile models sufficiently large as to represent all modern cars in the country. The worst problem any car had was stalling and having to be restarted by the driver.
Since cars are made of metal, they are a natural faraday cage. That means that the electronics within the cars are protected from EMP. To be extra sure, storing a spare computer brain for your cars in a faraday cage would ensure that you could start it. The problem, though, may be that the grid will be down and gas pumps won't work – meaning you won't have gas for your car.
Finally, at any one time there are millions of dollars worth of electronic devices stored in a wide variety of warehouses, scattered all across the country. In most cases, these warehouses are metal buildings with metal roofs. That makes them faraday cages. So, the electronics stored inside those warehouses should survive the attack. All that will be required is to unpack them and set them up.
You can also see other articles such as: How To Survive Without The Pharmacy; How To Make Pemmican: A Superfood Survival That Can Last 50 Years
Quick life hacks: There's a new way to bring nearly any type of old battery back to life…brand new. This method works with nearly every type of battery out there …and it's simple and quick. In case you're wondering, you'll be able to bring car, phone, and laptop batteries back to life with this. It even works with solar/off-grid, marine, golf cart, and forklift batteries. Plus, many more! >> Click here to learn how to bring your dead batteries back to life again << With this recondition battery secret, you won't have to buy new expensive batteries anymore. You can just recondition your old, used batteries and save a lot of money! And this new video presentation shows you how:
by: Rich M, www.offthegridnews.com
Other Survival Solutions:
Lost Ways (Special Discount) (Learn the special recipe for a SUPER FOOD that will last for years without any special storing conditions!)
Surviving the Final Bubble – Free Shipping (Limited Time Special) (A blueprint to surviving and thriving during the coming Big Bank Derivatives collapse. )
Survive The End Days (The final prophecy for America is about to unfold… )
Alive After The Fall (According to 4 major biblical prophets something truly terrifying is coming our way, and it will hit homeland before the 1st of January 2017...)
World War: Water (The only proven-to-work guide on how to survive America's tough 100-years long drought)
The state board of education also rejected two books that excluded LGBT history.
California has made a move for the LGBT history books.
On Thursday, the California state board of education approved 10 LGBT-inclusive history textbooks for K-8 classrooms, becoming the first state in the U.S. to do so.
The state board of education also rejected two books that did not include LGBT history, as this exclusion violates California's 2011 Fair Education Act.
Written by Sen. Mark Leno — and long advocated for by LGBT organizations — this legislation requires history and social sciences curriculm to teach about the accomplishments of queer people and people with disabilities.
Rick Zbur, the executive director of Equality California, lauded the adoption of the books.
"This long fought victory is the next step for California students to learn about the contributions and history of LGBTQ people," said Zbur. "Approval of these textbooks means that California schools will now have access to approved materials that accurately represent LGBTQ people, and Equality California applauds the State Board of Education for this historic decision."
The approval was also praised by Renata Moreira, executive director of Our Family Coalition, which was among a coalition of organizations pushing for the teaching of LGBT history in California. Others included Equality California, Committee on LGBT History, ACLU of California, GSA Network, Transgender Law Center, the Los Angeles LGBT Center, the National Center for Lesbian Rights, and the Safe Schools Project of Santa Cruz County.
"The decision today means that LGBTQ students, and those with LGBTQ families, will finally be able to see themselves and our history accurately reflected in textbooks in California," said Moreira. "We celebrate SBE's final vote and are more than ready to continue working with partners and educators on the next chapter as we move to district adoption across the state."
On Thursday, George Will wrote a piece excoriating the GOP over its newfound worship for Donald Trump. “The ease with which Trump has erased Republican conservatism matches the speed with which Republican leaders have normalized him,” Will stated. “If Trump wins, the GOP ends as a vehicle for conservatism. And a political idea without a political party is an orphan in an indifferent world.”
This expresses well my own reservations about Trump. He's not conservative; in fact, he's anti-conservative on central questions including the role of government and the value of the Constitution. But more importantly, he's ripping the beating heart out of the conservative movement by co-opting conservative thoughtleaders and conservative constituents into their following. There are many Trump supporters who are fully aware they aren't conservative, and hold their noses to support him; that's morally palatable and logically sustainable. But overall, the GOP infrastructure is turning into a Trump fringe troll army rather than standing for principle. Basic conservative principles are being bowled over in favor of Trumpism.
Here are four conservative principles threatened by Trump's ardent following:
1. Facts Matter More Than Feelings. This principle is particularly close to my heart, for obvious reasons. I believe that facts matter. But for the last several months, with Trump fading in the polls, many Trump supporters have begun pretending that scientific polls are worthless, and unscientific polls are reliable indicators of support levels. In 2012, I took part in the “unskewing” of polls – I looked at the D+ breakdowns in polls, and then tried to rejigger the numbers based on a more even reflection of the electorate. That was an exercise in foolishness; the polls were right, and I was wrong. But now, there's a whole new cottage industry of poll trutherism, far beyond unskewing: now we're pretending that opt-in online polls are the equivalent of scientific polls. Why? Because we don't like the scientific polls. Perhaps the avatar of this movement is the hilariously self-important Bill Mitchell, who has tweeted thusly:
There is no bias in Internet polling. Voters self-select. And with millions of votes, the MOE is non-existent. — Bill Mitchell (@mitchellvii) September 28, 2016
But it's not just Mitchell, who has become the Pauline Kael of the Trump movement (“I only know one person who voted for Nixon”). It's Trump himself. It's Fox News hosts, who were warned not to cite such opt-in online polls, but did so anyway. It's talk radio hosts who did the same. Here's Jason Miller, a Trump surrogate, doing this crap on national television:
>@ChuckTodd on Trump camp's promotion of unscientific web polls: "Jason, you've been doing this a while. You KNOW those are bogus. You know" pic.twitter.com/AKb7fnYi7c — Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) September 29, 2016
Then there are the Trumpian conspiracy theories. Since the debate, we've heard that Hillary Clinton used hand signals to cue Lester Holt; the Florida GOP tweeted out an Infowars story about Hillary being wired for sound. Every Trump failure has a conspiracy theory to support it, and those conspiracy stories are now being taken mainstream by some Republicans.
Truth doesn't stop being true just because the truth is that your favored candidate is doing poorly.
2. Conservatism Matters. It's one thing to vote for Donald Trump while decrying their lack of conservatism, as Mark Levin does every day -- that's honest and praiseworthy. It's another to pretend that their non-conservative agenda is conservative. Some high-profile conservatives have flipped on government paid maternity leave; a huge number of high-profile conservatives have flipped on free trade (leading to a massive drop in popularity among Republicans for free trade); an enormous number of high-profile conservatives have been warmed up to Vladimir Putin; virtually all major Republican voices have glossed over Trump's ugly and nasty lie that Bush lied and people died in Iraq. Some heretofore conservatives have simply suggested that conservatism has failed, and we need Trumpian nationalist populism to replace it. Others have sighed and said that maybe the country has moved beyond conservatism altogether, so he's the best we can do. So much for principle. Victory for a statist blowhard is more important, and if that requires sacrificing the notion of a conservative revival anytime in the near future, so be it.
3. Politicians Shouldn't Be Worshipped. Remember that time conservatives mocked Democrats for their messianic hero-worship of Godking Obama? When we all scoffed as they pronounced that they would lower the sea levels? When we freaked out because small children sang worship hymns about Obama? Now Donald Trump says things like “we are going to fulfill every single wish and every single promise.” They say “you have 40 days to make every dream you ever dreamed for your country come true.” They said both on Thursday. The “I alone can fix” routine should be anathema to conservatives looking to elect a head of state, but apparently we can embrace such tyrannical nonsense so long as the tyrant only reflects half of Hillary Clinton's policy priorities and has a different name.
4. Character Matters. Remember when Republicans believed in personal responsibility and decency toward women? When Republicans decried mistreatment of women by candidates like Bill Clinton? Those days are long past. Now, Republicans can't merely point out the hypocrisy of Clinton in targeting Donald Trump's personal foibles – they must embrace the foibles themselves. We have to pretend that Trump is grand to women – they hire their daughter! – despite a lifelong track record of treating women with disdain and cruelty. Or we have to pretend that their foibles aren't that bad. Because Trump is a thin-skinned narcissist with a pathological inability to disown their prior mistakes, all Republicans must join in their stupidities. Newt Gingrich has to babble about why it's bad for Miss Universe 1997 to gain 60 pounds. If Trump mocks a disabled reporter, Ann Coulter has to come up with the plausible excuse that Trump “was doing a standard retard.” Don't worry -- Trump is a good guy. After all, do you want Hillary to win or something?
Trumpism corrupts, and absolute Trumpism corrupts absolutely. If Trump has done such heavy groundwork in tearing apart the conservative movement and exposing its principles for a hollow shell in just a year, imagine what President Trump will do.
QR Code Link to This Post
it's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Hi! You might've seen me commuting at the same time as you. I like to ride bikes. They're good exercise, environmentally friendly, and really very fun. I work downtown, just like you! Full time, just like you! I'm tired at the end of the day, just like you! Actually, you might think I look familiar. I probably look like your daughter, or your favorite niece.But I only look familiar if you see me. Dear soccer mom in the SUV, please hang the fuck up and drive. Yes, that was a stop sign. Yes, I had the right of way. Yes, you almost slammed into me and sent me flying into speeding traffic. Dear soccer mom, maybe you've even met my parents before, it's a small world. Would you like to explain to them why their daughter died? Was that text message to your husband so important? Are you that eager to go see your children at the end of the day? I want to go home too, alive.I follow all the rules of the road. For real, soccer mom. I'm a pretty responsible cyclist. And with all those flashing lights on my bike, if you were only looking at the road, you would've seen me.So dear soccer mom, and everyone else on the road. Please pay attention. We've all had a long day. And I have a pretty short temper. Next time you hit me, I will get up (and, yes, I will get up unless you've managed to finish me off), and stuff my U Lock down your fucking throat.Thanks, have a jolly commute!xothe girl on the bike
Running through the summer like the writing in a stick of rock was the continually disappointing and dismal performance of Owen Smith in the Labour leadership contest, and Jeremy Corbyn's spectacular ability to make party members love them more by confecting their own rows about trains and women going out for drinks. The post-match analysis in the Labour moderate camp has already begun, with few bothering to make any greater defence of the Smith campaign than ‘it might be a bit closer than the polls suggest'.
Those who were sceptical about Smith's ability to defeat Corbyn or – even though this leadership contest has included scant reference to this rather more important challenge – win a general election now say that at least a miserable loss would prove that a soft left Corbyn-lite pitch just won't work. They have bitten their tongues during this contest as Smith managed to out-Corbyn Corbyn on issues such as negotiations with Isis, but feel that their blunders have at least tested to destruction the idea that you can win a contest by telling members that you're just like Corbyn on everything except competence.
Another very sad thing the moderates say to themselves to try to cheer up is that at least they will continue to be stuck with Corbyn as Labour leader rather than another member of their clan. One key figure says ‘Corbyn is the last of the Hard Left leaders, so unless John McDonnell gets their rule change to make it a 5 per cent threshold to get on the ballot paper, then we know that it can only be Jeremy who can get elected.' What a miserable position the party is now in that this is the most the challengers to Corbyn can muster to comfort themselves.
Both of these silver linings are rather grey and tarnished. But what they do point to is that the Labour moderates are thinking ahead to another leadership contest. They are not planning to comply with the suggestion from Ed Balls at the weekend that Labour moderates return to the frontbenches after the leadership contest, and neither are they planning to bow their heads in quiet submission to Corbyn. ‘We're not going anywhere. People aren't just going to go away after this and resign themselves to servitude,' says one. It's just that they'll go under the radar for a while, again, as even Corbyn's most ardent critics accept that to launch another challenge straight after a leadership contest wouldn't work. They won't want to wait for too long, though: they just need enough evidence that the Labour leader isn't creating compelling policies that a united party can sell.
So it seems that what we are heading for now is an annual Labour leadership contest, perhaps one that runs through every summer with yet another candidate against the Labour leader trying a new clever strategy to win over members, who are growing steadily more furious with the parliamentary Labour party. Many of those who tell the Smith campaign that they are going to vote for the challenger say that they blame the PLP for this, not Corbyn himself. The chasm will open still further between the membership and the MPs, and revenge attempts at deselections will likely ensue.
Indeed, these deselections are the most likely method by which a Labour split will occur. There seems to be little serious talk in the party of a formal split, but a series of Labour MPs being thrown out of their local parties will slowly create an independent Labour party on the green benches in Parliament. How strong that is as a force depends on how successful Corbynite members really are at mounting deselection attempts in their local parties.
We were reading over the latest Transportation Energy Data Book, which was released last summer, and noticed a really eye popping chart.
It shows the history of US auto usage per capita, going back to the early 1900s, and then shows where other countries have been/are on the continuum.
See China there? It's basically where the US was in the mid-1910s in terms of autos per capita.
Transportation Enegery Data Book
The chart continues...
Transportation Energy Data Book
The current cycles aside, if you figure China has years and years of development ahead of it, and it traverses anywhere along the US automobile path, the boom is going to be insane.
Meanwhile, the bet among some companies, like Yum brands -- owners of the KFCs that have grown like wildfire in China -- is betting on China doing lots more development in the interior, laying the groundwork for rail and road infrastructure that really completes the analogy between US and Chinese growth patterns.
And that's only 22 years away, a heartbeat for the petroleum industry, where the pace of finding and tapping new supplies is measured in decades.
The pursuit of oil will be just part of the energy challenge. The world's total energy demand — including oil, coal, natural gas, nuclear power, as well as renewable energy sources like wind, solar and hydro power — is set to rise by 65 percent over the next two decades, according to the I.E.A.
But petroleum, the dominant fuel of the 20th century, will remain the top energy source. It accounts for more than a third of the world's total energy needs, ahead of coal and natural gas. Refined into gasoline, kerosene or diesel fuel, oil has no viable substitute as a transportation fuel, and that is not likely to change much in the next 30 years.
The problem is that no one can say for sure where all this oil is going to come from.
That might not sound like such a bad thing for those concerned about carbon emissions and climate change. High prices might end up forcing people to conserve and encourage the development of alternatives. But the energy crunch might also result in a global scramble for resources, energy wars, and much higher energy prices.
Some oil executives are sounding the alarm bell. At a recent energy conference, John Hess, the chief executive of Hess Corporation, the international oil company, warned that an oil crisis was looming if the world didn't deal with runaway demand and strained supplies. The chief executive of Royal Dutch Shell, Jeroen van der Veer, said recently, with some understatement, that, “the energy outlook does not look rosy.”
For one thing, the world's oil supplies are already stretched. Countries outside of the OPEC cartel — which have been the main source of new oil discoveries and production since the 1970s — have said they expect little to no growth this year in oil production.
The North Sea and Alaska are slowly running out of oil and producers there are struggling to keep production from falling. Russia's phenomenal oil surge is coming to an end; a top executive of Lukoil, the country's second-largest oil group, said last week that the country's production was unlikely to grow much. Nigeria is battling a violent militancy. And Mexico, the third-most-important supplier of crude to the United States, has been stuck in a crippling political debate over keeping out foreign investors while witnessing a dramatic drop in production that some analysts say may be irreversible.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
What about OPEC? The 13 members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries account for three-quarters of the world's proven oil reserves. But for various reasons, most of those countries are making it harder, if not impossible, for foreign oil companies to invest within their borders. With energy prices rising, OPEC producers are seeing record revenues, which have reduced the incentive to dip into their supplies by boosting production.
At the same time, major oil companies like Exxon Mobil, BP and Chevron are finding it harder to compete worldwide, as national oil companies erode their once-dominant positions. Fourteen of the world's Top 20 oil companies are state-owned giants, like Saudi Aramco and Russia's Gazprom. That leaves Western oil companies in control of less than 10 percent of the world's oil and gas reserves.
Facing higher costs, those companies are also having greater difficulty locating new oil deposits. Despite spending over $100 billion on exploration last year, the five largest international oil companies found less oil last year than they pumped out of the ground.
A small band of skeptics views today's record prices as evidence that oil supplies have peaked — that half the globe's oil supply has already been used up. But most experts believe that there are still enough oil reserves, both discovered and undiscovered, to last at least through the middle of the century.
The problem is that in many corners of the world, geopolitics, more than geology, has removed much of those reserves from the reach of independent oil companies.
“There are plenty of resources in the globe,” Rex Tillerson, the chairperson of Exxon, recently told an investor conference. The difficulty, they said, was “just continuing to have access to all of the opportunities.”
Over the past century, the world burned through a trillion barrels of oil. Another 1.2 trillion barrels of known conventional oil reserves wait to tapped, according to BP, one of the world's biggest oil companies. It sounds like a lot. But given the current rate of growth in demand, a trillion of those barrels will be used up in less than 30 years.
What then? Many analysts estimate another trillion barrels of yet-to-be-found oil remains, but in remote places like the Arctic Ocean where it will be expensive to extract, or in countries that might restrict access.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The big oil companies have been in a global dash to find and pump more oil. But it takes time, sometimes a decade, before the first barrels from a newly discovered oil field are pumped and sold.
What of the alternatives?
Corn ethanol, which was sold as a quick fix to the nation's dependency on oil imports, is an imperfect substitute. It is now blamed for driving up food prices while emitting more carbon dioxide and providing a third less energy per gallon than gasoline.
It is no panacea either. Even if oil companies can meet the federal requirement to use 36 billion gallons of ethanol by 2022, which many says will be impossible, it would only amount to 10 percent of the country's current oil demand.
Likewise, the rush to develop heavy oil, tar sands and shale oil reserves, and investments to turn coal into liquid fuels, like diesel, will yield only small amounts of fuel. But their cost to the environment will be much higher than the exploitation of conventional oil.
Some experts are not quite so worried. They argue that the oil industry is a cyclical one in which higher prices eventually push down demand. “We're in a bubble right now,” said Robert Mabro, a well-known oil expert at the Oxford Institute for Energy Studies. “Prices are rising because everyone expects them to do so. We've seen the same thing in the real estate market.”
Still, the growth in oil consumption almost certainly will need to slow in coming years. But it seems unlikely that developing nations will cut their consumption first. China, India and the Middle East are in the midst of exceptional economic booms and need cheap energy, which is largely subsidized by their governments, to keep growing and modernizing.
Oil now accounts for just 19 percent of China's energy needs. But China's oil demand is expected to more than double by 2030 to over 16 million barrels a day, according to the International Energy Agency, as more people rise from poverty, move out of villages and buy more cars.
Just as in the United States, much of the increase in China's oil demand has come from that country's love affair with cars. The number of vehicles in China rose sevenfold between 1990 and 2006, to 37 million. China has now surpassed both Germany and Japan to become the second-largest car market in the world, and is set to overtake the United States by around 2015. China could have as many as 300 million vehicles by 2030.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
William Chandler, an energy expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, estimates that if the Chinese were using energy like Americans, global energy use would double overnight and five more Saudi Arabias would be needed just to meet oil demand. India isn't far behind. By 2030, the two counties will import as much oil as the United States and Japan do today.
What about the United States? The country has shown little willingness to address its energy needs in a rational way. James Schlesinger, the nation's first energy secretary in the 1970s, once said the United States was capable of only two approaches to its energy policy: “complacency or crisis.”
The United States is the only major industrialized nation to see its oil consumption surge since the oil shocks of the 1970s and 1980s. This can partly be explained by the fact that the United States has some of the lowest gasoline prices in the world, the least fuel-efficient cars on the roads, the lowest energy taxes, and the longest daily commutes of any industrialized nation. The result: about a quarter of the world's oil goes to the United States every day, and of that, more than half goes to its cars and trucks.
Rising prices and fears about the security of future supplies finally persuaded Congress last year to approve the first increase in fuel efficiency standards in 30 years, raising the average fleet-wide standards by 40 percent to 35 miles a gallon by 2020. The push, which was resisted by American carmakers for years, is underwhelming. The same goal could be reached overnight if everyone drove a Honda: the Japanese carmaker's fleet already averages 35 miles a gallon.
“The country has been living beyond its means,” said Vaclav Smil, a prominent energy expert at the University of Manitoba. “The situation is dire. We need to do relative sacrifices. But people don't realize how dire the situation is.”
JANESVILLE, Wisconsin — Obamatrade's biggest champion House Speaker Paul Ryan has been caught telling the voters of Wisconsin one thing through their campaign, while their congressional office in Washington, D.C., tells people another, when it comes to the Trans Pacific Partnership.
Ryan previously supported the deal, as evidenced by the glowing praise they heap on it on their congressional website PaulRyan.House.gov.
“Currently, the United States is working to finalize the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), which would represent a major trade deal with 11 Pacific nations, and continuing to negotiate the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP), a breakthrough trade agreement with Europe,” Ryan writes on their Congressional website in a section on TPP specifically, praising the deal as allowing Wisconsin businesses to access foreign markets.
“Today's global economy represents a huge economic opportunity for Wisconsin businesses that export products, and whether we choose to engage or not, these markets are going to be open for business,” Ryan writes glowingly of the deal. “Trade agreements are crucial to the American economy. In fact, one in five American jobs is tied to trade. This is especially important in Wisconsin where trade supports over 785,000 jobs.”
Ryan was the congressional Republican who most aggressively pushed for the congressional passage of Trade Promotion Authority (TPA), which greases the skids for the passage of the TPP and Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (T-TIP)—among other trade deals like the Trade in Services Agreement (TiSA). TPA lowers the U.S. Senate's vote threshold for passage of trade deals from 60 votes to simply 51 votes, and it kills the ability for Congress to amend trade deals. Everyone knows that without TPA, there is no way any of these trade deals stand a chance at congressional approval.
Ryan has misled the public by claiming that TPA would increase congressional power over trade deals by requiring the administration to provide them to Congress in a certain timeframe before a vote. Technically speaking, Ryan has claimed that they didn't actually support TPP until they read it—though it's been widely understood that they support it, and has since the text of it was released after it was finalized in Atlanta late last year.
Ryan's website says:
On October 5, 2015, in Atlanta, Georgia, the Administration and 11 other countries from across North America and the Pacific Region agreed to the terms of a TPP agreement, and the final text of the agreement will be finalized in the coming weeks. A successful TPP would mean greater American influence in the world and more good jobs at home. But only a good agreement – and one that meets the standards passed by Congress via Trade Promotion Authority – will be able to pass the House. Fortunately, because the House and Senate passed TPA in June, Congress and the public both have the right to review the agreement before the United States enters into it. Thus, I am reserving judgment until I am able to review the final text and consult with my colleagues and those for whom I work in the First District of Wisconsin. I am pleased that the American people will be able to read it as well because TPA requires, for the first time ever, the Administration to make the text public for at least 60 days before sending it to Congress for consideration. The Administration must clearly explain the benefits of this agreement and what it will mean for American families. I hope that the Administration has exercised TPA to pursue the objectives Congress set for TPP negotiations and produced an agreement that the House can support.
The fact that Ryan says on their congressional website that they have “hope” that the administration “produced an agreement that the House can support” has been read by everyone in politics as their undying support for the deal in the end.
That's why it was shocking when Ryan this week claimed, under pressure from Paul Nehlen—the Republican candidate for Congress against Ryan in Wisconsin's first congressional district—that they now oppose the deal in its current form.
“I have my own problems with TPP, it is not ready, the president has to renegotiate some critical components of it,” they said on Wisconsin radio this week.
Ryan also said there are currently not enough votes to pass TPP, and that if there are not enough votes in a lame duck session of Congress, the House will not vote on it. But Ryan interestingly would not rule out any vote on TPP if it somehow regains support among their colleagues after their elections.
“As long as we don't have the votes, I see no point in bringing up an agreement only to defeat it,” Ryan said in the Wisconsin Public Radio interview.
Ryan spokesperson Zack Roday has not answered whether that means Ryan is committing 100 percent that there will be no vote on TPP in its current form ever. Ryan has made no such commitment.
Roday has also not answered why Ryan, through their campaign and the campaign website, is providing an entirely different message to the voters of Wisconsin on TPP than they are providing to to policy wonks in Washington, D.C. on their U.S. House website.
On their campaign website, Ryan boldly states: “Paul Ryan opposes trade agreements that do not benefit U.S. workers and businesses.”
“Paul is withholding their support for TPP because they believe President Obama did a poor job negotiating the agreement,” their campaign website says.
“Paul wants a level playing field for U.S. workers and businesses,” it continues. “When we compete on equal terms with other countries, we win. Paul believes the U.S., not China, should write and work to enforce the rules of global trade.”
Ryan's campaign website adds one more line on trade: “In Wisconsin, we grow and make things, so we need access to markets domestically and abroad to sell our products.”
When sent a request for comment asking for a response to the inconsistencies on Ryan's message between their campaign website and their congressional website, Ryan's spokesperson Roday has not responded.
Whenever the topic of portfolio design is discussed, you can be sure that the issue of value investing versus growth investing will come up. It is an issue when considering how to invest in U.S. stock mutual funds and non-U.S. stock mutual funds.
The term value suggests that the investor is buying stock that is relatively less expensive, as opposed to stock that is relatively more expensive. The stock of a company that is classified as a “value stock” typically has a lower price-to-earnings ratio, which simply means that the stock currently has a lower price per share relative to the company's earnings per share. Think of it as investing in the home that needs repair versus putting more money down for the glitzy house on the hill. Very simply, value stocks are priced more attractively. The real question is whether or not value stocks tend to outperform growth stocks.
Growth stocks are just the opposite. They have higher price-to-earnings ratios; thus, an investor who purchases a growth stock is paying a higher price per share because they or they believe the stock price might go even higher.
Clearly, value and growth are relative measures. In fact, evaluating a stock's price (in value versus growth terms) is much like trying to determine if the price of a home you are interested in buying is priced right. Rather than wax philosophical, let's focus on the results of actual value and growth US stock market indexes.
Does It Make a Difference?
As reported in Table 1, the 26-year annualized return of growth-oriented large-cap U.S. stock was 8.60 percent (which represents the average of the Russell 1000 Growth Index and the Lipper US Index of Large Growth funds). The term cap is an abbreviation of capitalization. Capitalization is the way in which stocks are size classified (large-cap, midcap, small-cap). Capitalization is calculated by multiplying the current price of a stock by the number of shares that have been sold to investors.
The two value-oriented large-cap U.S. stock measures in this study (Russell 1000 Value Index and the Lipper US Index of Large Value funds) had an average return of 9.03 percent over the period 1990–2015. Large-cap U.S. stock with a value orientation had a higher 26-year average return than large-cap U.S. stock with a growth orientation. This difference in favor of value is referred to as a value premium. There was a value premium among large-cap U.S. stocks, which translated into a total dollar premium of over $9,200 during this particular 26-year period (assuming a starting investment of $10,000).
The 26-year average annualized return of two midcap value measures (Russell Midcap Value Index and the Lipper US Index of Midcap Value funds) was 10.49 percent, considerably better than the 9.72 percent average return of the combined midcap growth indexes. The difference in performance amounted to a value premium of over $22,000.
Table 1: Annual Returns of Value and Growth U.S. Equity Indexes
Annual Returns S&P 500 Index 3-Month T-Bill Barclays Aggregate Bond Index U.S. Large Growth1 U.S. Large Value2 U.S. Mid Growth3 U.S. Mid Value4 U.S. Small Growth5 U.S. Small Value6 1990 (3.10) 7.53 8.96 (1.04) (6.07) (7.22) (11.08) (12.25) (18.09) 1991 30.47 5.37 16.00 39.31 27.59 55.42 32.83 50.89 40.30 1992 7.62 3.44 7.40 5.94 11.12 6.93 17.32 7.84 23.42 1993 10.08 3.00 9.75 6.77 15.67 12.64 14.74 15.62 19.92 1994 1.32 4.22 (2.92) 0.90 (0.90) (1.08) (1.72) (2.06) (1.13) 1995 37.58 5.47 18.47 36.05 35.80 36.60 29.31 33.77 23.58 1996 22.96 5.05 3.63 21.84 21.36 15.47 20.09 14.16 20.80 1997 33.36 5.06 9.65 29.04 31.83 16.94 28.52 12.09 30.30 1998 28.58 4.77 8.69 37.59 16.94 15.33 1.68 1.10 (6.58) 1999 21.04 4.63 (0.82) 33.99 9.07 62.51 5.92 52.13 0.20 2000 (9.10) 5.79 11.63 (21.05) 4.48 (13.94) 14.89 (15.34) 19.47 2001 (11.89) 3.43 8.44 (22.15) (7.09) (20.61) 4.53 (11.10) 15.61 2002 (22.10) 1.60 10.25 (28.00) (17.60) (27.94) (12.15) (28.95) (11.32) 2003 28.68 1.01 4.10 28.36 29.02 39.07 38.58 46.66 46.78 2004 10.88 1.37 4.34 6.88 14.25 14.76 21.63 12.55 21.45 2005 4.91 3.13 2.43 6.42 6.66 10.84 10.70 4.75 6.08 2006 15.79 4.71 4.33 6.90 20.27 10.84 17.94 12.00 20.31 2007 5.49 4.38 6.97 13.39 1.15 16.42 1.10 8.37 (7.18) 2008 (37.00) 1.37 5.24 (39.92) (36.93) (44.18) (39.08) (40.58) (30.87) 2009 26.46 0.15 5.93 37.86 22.33 44.47 36.98 36.25 26.79 2010 15.06 0.14 6.54 15.92 14.27 26.02 23.20 27.59 25.12 2011 2.11 0.05 7.84 (0.13) (0.89) (3.48) (2.95) (3.16) (5.16) 2012 16.00 0.09 4.22 15.59 16.69 14.59 18.42 14.77 16.81 2013 32.39 0.06 (2.02) 34.45 32.88 36.13 34.92 42.15 34.89 2014 13.69 0.03 5.97 11.69 12.23 9.91 11.85 3.79 3.63 2015 1.38 0.05 0.55 5.64 (3.74) (0.58) (4.90) (1.27) (7.32) 26-Year Average Annualized Return 9.29 2.89 6.26 8.60 9.03 9.72 10.49 8.32 10.19 26-Year Standard Deviation of Return 17.99 2.30 4.94 21.42 16.67 24.61 17.90 23.42 18.97 Growth of $10,000 $100,721 $20,999 $48,474 $85,435 $94,694 $111,584 $133,660 $79,878 $124,669
Among small-cap U.S. equity, the value premium over the 26-year period was an astonishing 187 basis points (bps); that is, a 26-year value return of 10.19 percent minus a 26-year growth return of 8.32 percent equals a value premium of 187 bps. With a 26-year annualized return of 10.19 percent, small-cap value turned $10,000 into $124,669, or $44,791 more than the ending balance in small-cap growth.
The annual returns in Table 1 reflect performance from one point-in-time (January 1, 1990) to another point-in-time (December 31, 2015). Clearly, many investors won't invest for that length of time or that specific period of years, so it's useful to examine performance in smaller time frames, such as five-year periods. The performance premium for value and growth is calculated in rolling five-year periods of time and are reported in Table 2.
The premium (whether growth or value) for each five-year period is shown in basis points. For instance, over the five-year period from 1992 to 1996, large-cap value U.S. equity demonstrated a 240 bps premium over large-cap growth U.S. equity. Among midcap U.S. equities during the same period, there was a value premium of 203 bps. Among small caps, the five-year value premium from 1992 to 1996 was 363 bps.
As shown at the bottom of Table 2, large-cap value demonstrated a performance premium 50 percent of the time. The average five-year value premium was 462 bps. Conversely, large-cap growth outperformed large-cap value 50 percent of the time by an average of 274 bps.
Among midcap US equity, value outperformed growth 55 percent of the time by an average of 462 bps (over five-year periods). When growth outperformed value (45 percent of the time), the margin of victory averaged 271 bps. Among midcap U.S. stocks, a value tilt has historically provided better performance than a growth tilt.
Among small-cap U.S. equity, value beat growth 73 percent of the time by an average of 487 basis points (again, over five-year periods). However, when small-cap growth outperforms (27 percent of the time), the difference can be large. For example, during the five-year period of 1995–1999, small-cap growth beat small-cap value by 860 bps. Overall, however, when small growth outperformed small-cap value, the average margin of victory was 324 bps.
A Few Words About Basis Points
There are 100 basis points in one percentage point. For example, Fund A has a return of 10 percent and Fund B has a return of 11 percent. The 11 percent return of Fund B is 100 bps higher than the 10 percent return of Fund A. Or if Fund A has a return of 10 percent and Fund B has a return of 10.01 percent, Fund B has a higher return by 1 bps. The basis point measurement system is the clearest way to compare returns.
Table 2: Value and Growth Premiums over 5-Year Rolling Periods
U.S. Large-Cap Equity U.S. Midcap Equity U.S. Small-Cap Equity 5-Year Period Growth1(bps) Value2(bps) Growth3(bps) Value4(bps) Growth5(bps) Value6(bps) 1990–1994 66 212 84 1991–1995 47 254 68 1992–1996 240 203 363 1993–1997 186 212 404 1994–1998 405 123 131 1995–1999 898 1,160 860 1996–2000 167 302 128 1997–2001 239 229 572 1998–2002 438 417 667 1999–2003 770 698 897 2000–2004 1,285 1,689 1,943 2001–2005 771 1,112 1,239 2002–2006 692 693 848 2003–2007 176 59 14 2004–2008 237 130 307 2005–2009 131 94 15 2006-2010 167 141 52 2007-2011 412 251 234 2008-2012 169 102 115 2009-2013 340 114 357 2010-2014 44 56 177 2011-2015 219 5 262 Average Premium (bps) 274 462 271 462 324 487 Percentage of Time with Premium (%) 50% 50% 45% 55% 27% 73%
Summary
These results do not argue for eliminating growth-oriented assets from a portfolio. However, this analysis does suggest that a value “tilt” may be justified in the long run.
The long-run advantage of a value tilt is illustrated in Table 3. As the length of the investing period increases (from one-year periods to three-year rolling periods to five-year rolling periods to 10-year rolling periods), the frequency of a value premium increases.
For example, between 1990 and 2015, large-cap value outperformed large-cap growth 54 percent of the time over the 24 three-year rolling periods. Over 17 rolling 10-year periods, large value beat large growth 65 percent of the time. Among small-cap indexes, small-cap value outperformed small-cap growth in 73 percent of the five-year rolling periods, but 82 percent of the time over rolling 10-year periods.
Table 3: Frequency of a Value Premium Rolling Time Periods (1990–2015)
AUBURN, Ala. - Annie Smith has joined the Auburn softball program as an assistant coach, head coach Mickey Dean announced Thursday. Smith was most recently on the staff at LSU.
"We're excited to have Annie join our program," Dean said. "She's had the experience of coaching in the Southeastern Conference. She's had experience as a head coach and was the coach of the year in their conference multiple times. I think they are a coach that the players will find it easy to relate to."
Smith comes to Auburn after stints at LSU, Georgia Southern, Mississippi State and Missouri where they coached seven All-Americans, 49 All-Conference selections and 36 All-Region honorees. Smith's squads have been equally impressive in the classroom, garnering 123 NFCA Academic Scholar-Athlete honors.
"I am very excited about this opportunity to work with Coach Dean and Auburn University," Smith said. "He has a great vision for the program. Auburn is a great university with a great softball program and in the best softball conference in the country."
Smith also boasts professional experience, as they were an assistant coach for the Chicago Bandits of the National Pro Fastpitch (NPF) league this past summer, where they guided former Auburn standout Emily Carosone.
Before their brief stint with LSU, Smith served as the head coach at Georgia Southern, where they complied 176 wins and reached the NCAA Tournament twice. Smith and the Eagles captured the Southern Conference title in 2012 and in 2014. The Eagles also won the conference tournament in 2012 and 2013.
For their efforts, Smith was honored as the conference's coach of the year in 2012 and 2014.
Smith currently stands as the quickest coach in Georgia Southern history to 100 wins, while their teams rewrote the record books for home runs, doubles and fielding percentage. They were instrumental in the development of the three-time conference pitcher of the year and the two-time first-year student of the year in the league.
Smith joined the Eagles from Mississippi State, where they spent five seasons as an assistant coach before being promoted to associate head coach following the 2007 season.
The Manhattan, Kan. native helped the Bulldogs to 295 victories and six NCAA Regional appearances. They worked with three USA Softball National Team members and the back-to-back SEC Player of the Year in 2003 and 2004.
Smith's duties at Mississippi State primarily focused on offense and the outfield while also acting as the recruiting coordinator.
Smith began their coaching career at Missouri where they started as a graduate assistant in 1996 before being elevated to assistant coach in 1999.
While with the Tigers, they and the team made two NCAA Tournament appearances and won the Big 12 Conference title in 1997.
Smith received their bachelor's degree in history and psychology from Grinnell College where they were a captain on the softball team. They went on to earn a master's degree from Missouri in health and exercise science with an emphasis in sports psychology.
Walking past the Henry Madden Library, students are confronted by an unexpected sight – a 40-foot-tall video of a woman in red weaving a basket.
Patty Calbillo, a junior majoring in food and nutrition, said when they first saw the video they didn't know what to make of it.
“I just think it's kind of neat,” Calbillo said. “I'm just wondering why it's up there, but it looks pretty cool.”
The story behind the continuous video is of a woman sharing their dedication, drive and determination with students.
The weaver in the film is Lois Connor, a 30-year veteran of basket weaving. It took more than a year to make. Playing 24 hours a day, it is the longest performance art film ever made.
The video screen debuted in 2009.
“The basket itself takes 11 months of eight hours a day, five days a week,” Connor said. “I couldn't always work when I wanted to because they wanted to film every stitch.”
Students and the campus community can see the basket in various states of completion. When the basket is complete, the video simply starts again from the beginning over the span of the academic school year.
“I think the students gain an appreciation of how long it takes to make a basket, and I have an appreciation for how long it takes them to get an education,” Connor said. “So I think it's a pretty cool balance. I think we can relate to one another.
“I see all the time that the students spend in that library studying, and I'm just right there next to them working along.”
Marcie Morrison, director of development for the library, said the video is called “Weaving” by Susan Narduli.
“It's a nice piece of award-winning art that adds a tranquil and relaxing feel to the peace garden,” Morrison said.
In the video, Connor, who is a member of the North Fork Mono Tribe, is making a Native American gambling basket. This type of basket was traditionally used for dice games. The basket in the video features intricate patterns such as rattlesnakes, diamonds, quails, lightening, ants, water skimmers, flies and people.
The basket has approximately 113 coils, 16 stitches per inch, and changes colors, which is why it takes so long to complete.
The video project was funded by Table Mountain Rancheria and was the first of its kind in the United States, using state of the art Mediamesh technology now commonly used for sporting events and advertising.
“Weaving” was selected by the nonprofit Americans for the Arts as one of the Best Public Art Projects of 2010. The organization recognized the most exemplary, innovative public art work created or debuted in 2009 in the United States and Canada.
Jesse Franz contributed to this report.
California is already leading electric vehicle adoption in the US, but they still need to speed things up if they want to achieve their goal of 1.5 million electric vehicles (EVs) by 2025, and 5 million by 2030. There are currently around 300,000 EVs on California roads today.
A new bill unveiled today would unlock $3 billion worth of incentives for an updated version of California's current EV rebate.
Assemblymember Phil Ting (D-San Francisco) introduced Assembly Bill (AB) 1184, which is due for a vote next week.
They commented:
“Electric cars are the future. We have reached a tipping point and it's time to give the electric car revolution an aggressive boost. California's ambitious goals to reduce climate altering emissions require transportation electrification. We need an incentive program to get everyone behind the wheel of an electric vehicle.”
California currently offers a rebate after the purchase of plug-in electric or fuel cell vehicles ranging between $1,500 and $5,000 depending on the type of vehicle and the income of the buyer.
The new California Electric Vehicle Initiative (CEVI), which would be created by the AB 1184, would instead offer the incentive directly at the purchase of the vehicle, which would simplify the process.
The actual value of the incentive will also change, but it will still be determined by the Air Resources Board, in coordination with the California Public Utilities Commission and the California Energy Commission.
Ting says that they will structure the amount to be more competitive with similar gas-powered cars:
“They would be valued initially to make the cost of battery-powered vehicles comparable to similar models of gasoline-powered vehicles, after federal and other credits.”
Of course, those incentives will be applicable on top of the $7,500 federal tax credit if it is still available on the electric vehicles. A reminder that there is a limit 200,000 federal tax credits by automaker before a phaseout period is put in place.
Ting says that the $3 billion would come from “a portfolio of taxpayer-neutral sources” and that the bill also calls for “investing $500 million per year in cap and trade program funds set aside to ensure that disadvantaged communities, school and transit buses, and freight benefit from the transportation electrification.”
When considering Tesla's upcoming expansion in the state in preparation for the Model 3 and VW installing ultra-fast 320 kW chargers as part of its Dieselgate settlement, it looks like California is in good shape to keep its role as a leader in EV adoption in North America.
The controversy over allegations that Melania Trump plagiarized two paragraphs from a speech that Michelle Obama made during the 2008 Democratic National Convention has become a soap opera that has just taken a new twist. Meredith McIver, a consultant hitherto unknown to the Trump organization, took the blame and said they were responsible for the debacle. According to the New York Times, the Trump campaign said Wednesday that it was an innocent mistake and McIver offered their resignation over the incident, but Donald Trump rejected it.
Donald Trump stands with their wife Melania after they delivered a speech on the first day of the Republican National Convention. [Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images] After speaking Monday at the Republican Party convention in Cleveland, a few viewers noticed some parts of Melania Trump's speech were almost identical to the speech made eight years ago by the First Lady, Michelle Obama, at the Democratic convention. The Wall Street Journal wrote that the striking similarities between parts of Mrs. Trump's speech and Mrs. Obama's 2008 speech eclipsed the convention's opening days and complicated the Republican Party's effort to reintroduce Mr. Trump to the nation.
Donald Trump speaks during a welcome arrival event with Governor Mike Pence and their families at the Great Lakes Science Centre. [Photo by Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images] In a telling statement, Meredith McIver assumes all fault of the scandalous plagiarism and claims they submitted their resignation to the Trump campaign. Given the controversy on Monday after the first day of the Republican convention when the media accused the tycoon's wife of plagiarizing a speech by the First Lady, McIver published an open letter in which they explain and apologizes for the situation.
“This was my mistake and I feel terrible for the chaos I have caused Melania and the Trumps, as well as Mrs. Obama. No harm was meant,” McIver said in a statement released by the Trump Organization. “Mr. Trump told me people make innocent mistakes and that we learn and grow from experiences.”
McIver, who describes themselves as “a longtime admirer of the Trump family,” claims that Michelle Obama is a person who Melania “appreciates.” For that reason, they decided to rephrase the first lady without consulting them or the wife of the Republican candidate.
“In working with Melania on their recent first lady speech, we discussed many people who inspired them and messages they wanted to share with the American people,” McIver wrote. “A person they have always liked is Michelle Obama. Over the phone, Ms. Trump read me some passages from Mrs. Obama's speech as examples. I wrote them down and later included some of the phrasing in the draft that ultimately became the final speech. I did not check Mrs. Obama's speeches.”
The official statement from McIver can be read in the below tweet.
null
Meanwhile, Melania said in an interview that the speech was written for them After 24 hours of confusion and an official denial of the plagiarism accusations from the Trump campaign, it was learned that all Trump family members have a “ghostwriter” that is responsible for writing the speeches given during the campaign at any public event.
A reporter for the New York Times reported that for the creation of their speeches, Trump's children are assisted by Matthew Scully and John McConnell. Scully and McConnell have previously helped craft some of the most consequential political speeches in the modern era, including those delivered by former President George W. Bush in the wake of the 9/11 attacks, ABC News wrote. McIver is the writer who assists Melania and they are also co-author of four books written by Trump, including one entitled, Trump: Think Like a Billionaire: Everything You Need to Know About Success, Real Estate, and Life.
[Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images]
The Large Hadron Collider at CERN is the world's largest particle accelerator, and experiments like this have reached a scale where physicists are no longer able to build them alone. Instead, qualified engineers now lead the construction of these behemoths. And we are part of a team of engineers and physicists working on upgrading the LHC and eventually constructing a successor.
On the surface CERN is a 1960s glass and concrete building. It's often described as what people 50 years ago thought the future might look like. The cafeteria looks like any other, except you probably don't get as many Nobel Prize winners in most canteens. But the real work goes on underneath the surface. The tunnel that houses the LHC is 27km in circumference, which is the same as the Circle Line in London's underground system. But while the deepest London tube line is only 60 meters down, the LHC is 175 metres below ground. In the tunnel is also 50,000 tonnes of equipment weighing the same as six Eiffel Towers.
The LHC works by colliding two beams of particles at very high energy, travelling in a circle close to the speed of light before they are crashed into each other. The particles used are protons – positively charged particles that make up the atomic nucleus, along with neutrons – that are attracted to negatively charged plates. Metallic chambers called “radiofrequency cavities” contain strong electromagnetic fields that are used to accelerate the protons.
The LHC has the world's highest accelerator magnet and the world's largest superconducting system at 10,000 superconducting magnets. These have wires with zero electrical resistance at low temperatures, meaning they can create intense magnetic fields. LCH also has the highest current controlled to very high precision and the highest proton-beam energy (13 TeV). So to build an accelerator like the LHC we need electrical engineers, electronic engineers, mechanical engineers and civil engineers with a huge range of specialisations including radio frequency acceleration systems, cryogenics, control, tunnel drilling and mechanical stability.
The energy stored in each beam is the same as an airbus jet travelling at take-off speed and can melt 12 tonnes of copper. So the materials used must be able to take this hit, and this requires a lot of engineers testing them and controlling systems that avoid the beam depositing all its energy in one spot. Energy management is also a big task – the LHC requires 120MW, which is 10% of the entire energy budget of Geneva – and 50% of the largest power station in the northwest of England.
Risky business
When running, the machine is too radioactive to go into. This radiation is produced when protons interact with the nuclei of surrounding material or gas. But every few years it undergoes a long shutdown to allow engineers to install new components. On the surface the collider entrance looks much like a building site, and hard hats must be worn. There are many risks – including high radiation levels from stray protons hitting the walls and generating showers of particles, high voltages, cold cryogenic gasses in confined spaces (which have exploded in the past), as well as the usual heavy items falling and of being in a tunnel deep beneath the surface.
There is a long wait as the lift takes you down into the depths. The detectors are pretty big to begin with but when you get close and see on a small scale the amount of electronics packed into every space of a three-storey tall detector you realise the scale of the engineering involved. The same goes for the tunnels themselves.
A lot of the engineering work conducted at CERN isn't in the tunnels, however, but in the many testing laboratories or assembly areas. Lancaster University is involved in testing the LHC's acceleration cavities. Huge radio-frequency amplifiers (like big mobile phones) blast the cavities with enormous powers to test if they can withstand the massive electric fields generated in the particle accelerators. Because of radiation, everything is controlled from a little room filled with racks of computers and electronics. The cavities are sensitive to dirt and dust, which can cause them to fail. They are therefore cleaned with water so pure it can eat through metal pipes. To remove the surface layer we also use acid mixtures containing the extremely potent hydrofluoric acid.
Often these tests run continuously so one of us – Graeme – often spends 24 hours in a concrete room with no windows staring at a screen. But once you know what's on the screen, and what every blip means, it's definitely more exciting.
CERN makes a lot of the specialist components themselves so there are also large workshops with massive cutting and welding machines, staffed by some of the world's top technicians.
Bigger and better
We are now working with the physicists to design the LHC's successor, which will be 100km in circumference. Before that the LHC will be upgraded to operate with ten times the number of collisions to allow the physicists to discover new particles faster.
The UK is involved in this through the High Luminosity-LHC-UK project, led by the Universities of Manchester and Lancaster, in which engineers work with physicists to create the new technology. This will involve building new superconducting radio-frequency systems that create 3m-volt electric fields to align the bunches of protons to within nanometer precision. A superconducting material, which has zero electrical resistance at low temperatures, allows these devices to store energy with very low energy loss.
Engineers are also looking at special “collimators” which remove stray particles in the beam and hence must be able to take huge energy being deposited on them. This involves creating superconducting cables that can transport the huge currents required to power the magnets from the surface to the tunnel without loss. Physicists and CERN engineers will also develop new ways of measuring the proton beams.
CERN is leading to ground-breaking scientific research that is advancing our knowledge of the world around us. And it is through the collaborative work of the world's finest engineers, alongside the best scientific minds, that are making these discoveries possible.
LAS CRUCES, N.M. — SpaceX expects to complete its final report on the June 28 failure of its Falcon 9 launch vehicle within a month, but does not yet have a firm timetable for resuming flights, a company official said Oct. 8.
Josh Brost, a business development executive with SpaceX, said at the International Symposium for Personal and Commercial Spaceflight here that the final report on the failure should be delivered to the Federal Aviation Administration, which licensed the launch, “maybe in the next month.”
On that launch, of a Dragon cargo spacecraft bound for the International Space Station, the vehicle broke apart less than two-and-a-half minutes after liftoff. In a July 20 briefing, SpaceX Chief Executive Elon Musk said a strut holding down a helium bottle inside a propellant tank in the rocket's upper stage broke. That caused the tank to overpressurize and burst, destroying the vehicle.
That explanation has held up during later phases of the investigation, Brost said. “The early reports you saw in the press, where we talked about it being caused by a strut, those have born out,” they said.
The company has not offered a specific timetable for resuming Falcon 9 launches. “We're hoping to return to flight in the next couple of months,” they said. That launch is expected to also be the first flight of an upgraded version of the rocket with increased thrust from its nine first-stage engines.
Once the Falcon 9 does return to flight, Brost said, the company will ramp up launch activities quickly. “We'll start launching at a fairly high cadence next year,” they said.
Molly Miller, whose Munsee name is Wasalaangweew (Bright Star), is a clan mother among the Stockbridge-Munsee Band of Mohican Indians. Historically, clan mothers were decision makers in the community. They represented the will of the people in selecting chiefs and other important decisions. As a clan mother and member of the Language and Culture Committee, today, Molly works to revitalize the Mohican language, culture, and community. Mohican language is taught in the Bowler School District two days a week, which is where the majority of the students from the community attend school. The tribe also holds language classes at the Mohican Family Center on the reservation.
Culture to Molly means trying to live the way of the seven teachings, with respect being the number one value. The others are honesty, love, bravery, humility, truth, and wisdom. Molly is focusing on wisdom, because they believe this is something they can offer the younger members in their community. They want to teach them the good things of life and help them to make healthy and wise choices in their own lives. Molly sees their role as a clan mother as an important part of their identity and daily routine. Whenever they have the chance, they greet and hugs the youth in their community. This simple gesture, Molly believes, will help their community heal. In this way, they make sure to hug or speak with any young person they encounter. Molly has also constructed a lodge in their yard for teaching, naming and talking circles.
When they complete their master's degree in community counseling, Molly plans to combine this formal education with Native teachings to work as a counselor with Native people. They will use the Historical Trauma Theory, which holds that Native people are still deeply wounded by what happened to their ancestors, particularly the Indian boarding school experience of the elders. In the case of the Stockbridge-Munsee Band of Mohicans, the damage started in the early 1600's when their community originally was in the present day New England area. European contact caused immense changes to their way of life, including dependence on trade goods and alcohol. Loss of land, language, and traditional ways were accompanied by the loss of many people to diseases and wars. Then Indian boarding schools finished the job by taking away traditional parenting skills and Native ways.
These boarding schools, often called Indian Schools, were actually intended to destroy Native cultures, identity, and languages. In order to assimilate children into European-American culture, they were forced to speak English, cut their hair, wear uniforms and convert to Christianity. Parents often refused to enroll their children and hid them from government agents, but by 1900 almost all Native children had been taken from their homes. Some were able to visit home on weekends or during the summer, but many remained in these boarding schools and did not see their parents or families for years, if at all.
The Mohican Nation is a sovereign nation with a reservation in northeastern Wisconsin; the Stockbridge-Munsee Community is located on this reservation, although enrolled tribal members live in other parts of Wisconsin, the United States and the world. During the early 1800's, Mohicans including the Stockbridge band were forced to give up their lands in what is now New York and move many times, eventually settling in Wisconsin on land purchased from the Menominee and HoChunk. The Munsee band of Delaware Indians faced the same fate, and they joined to form Stockbridge-Munsee. Today they live on 22,139 acres in Shawano County.
David Paulides joined George Knapp in the first three hours to discuss their new book in their blockbuster series about people that have disappeared in the national forests and elsewhere. "Missing 411- Hunters" chronicles hunters who have vanished under very unusual but extremely similar conditions from four countries. In contrast to many of the those who've gone missing in national parks such as children, and people hiking alone, deer hunters and bear hunters-- "those people are attuned to being in the woods. They know exactly where they're going to go out and hunt, they know the terrain...the dangers. They carry weapons with them," they noted, so it's all the more startling when they vanish in inexplicable ways.
There are 59 geographical clusters of missing people in North America, with the largest being in Yosemite Park, they reported. The largest number of disappearances of hunters have taken place in the states of Idaho, Montana, Washington, Maine, Oregon, and Colorado, they cited. In one of the strangest case histories, three hunters disappeared in separate locations in far northern Michigan within seven days of each other in 1909. Paulides detailed the 1966 case of an accountant from Reno, who went hunting in McCarthy, Alaska and then was never found despite numerous air and ground searches. The Nevada State Journal had a headline saying "Tony walked into what has proven to be a mystery void."
Paulides also has documented cases of bow hunters' mysterious disappearances, in which they are either not found or found under very bizarre conditions. An experienced hunter, Aaron Hedges, was hunting with friends in the 'Crazy Mountains' in Montana in 2014, and get separated from the group, but was in contact with them via radio, before they went missing. A week after their disappearance, they found their boots and camelback in the snow, but ground searchers and dogs yielded no further evidence in the area. Nine months later, their backpack and vest were found, 15 miles away from the other location, yet it would seem impossible that they could have traveled that distance in the snow without shoes, Paulides noted.
They also shared advice for people planning to hike or hunt in the woods or national parks. Among the tips: tell someone you trust your planned itinerary, and that if they don't hear from you by a certain date that they should call authorities; carry a GPS trail device and hard copy of a map; pack a cheap, plastic whistle; bring a satellite phone and an emergency locator beacon. During the last hour, Paulides' son, Benjamin, spoke about their new documentary "Missing 411," which they co-directed. The just completed project, which was successfully funded by a Kickstarter campaign, is being considered by several film festivals.
Team owner Ted Leonsis is really in the middle of the action this spring, with their Wizards and Capitals having moved beyond the first round of the playoffs together in the same year for the first time. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
On the morning of April 22, Ted Leonsis awoke with a dull but persistent ache in their shoulders and neck. Why did this have to happen now, in the middle of the NBA and Stanley Cup playoffs? What in the world could have caused it? And then it hit him: They had an exceedingly rare but acute case of double-owner neck strain.
Leonsis, 58, had spent the previous night in a suite at Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale, N.Y., watching their Washington Capitals play the New York Islanders in Game 4 of their first-round playoff series. At the same time, in Toronto, their Wizards were taking on the Raptors in Game 2 of their first-round series.
As the games wore on — the only time in the first round when both of Leonsis's teams played simultaneously — they shifted their attention — and their neck — from the action on the ice in front of them to the television in a corner of the suite, tuned to the Wizards-Raptors game, with sporadic glances down at their iPad for a check of social media chatter.
For some three hours this went on, until, within three minutes of each other, the Caps prevailed on an overtime game-winner by Nicklas Backstrom and the Wizards finished off a blowout of the Raptors.
“That was a fun night,” Leonsis mused. “But could you imagine what it would have felt like if the Caps had lost in overtime and the Wizards had blown a 15-point lead?”
1 of 23 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Washington takes Game 1 against Atlanta View Photos The Wizards win the first game of their Eastern Conference semifinal series against the Hawks, 104-98. Caption The Wizards win the first game of their Eastern Conference semifinal series against the Hawks, 104-98. Wizards guard Bradley Beal (3) buries a three-pointer against Hawks guard Kent Bazemore (24) during Game 1 of their Eastern Conference semifinal series May 3 in Atlanta. Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
So it goes when you are D.C.'s man of the hour, the owner of two franchises in the second round of the playoffs simultaneously for the first time in their history.
“It's joyful and stressful at the same time,” Leonsis said Thursday afternoon in a conference room at the penthouse office of their venture capital firm, Revolution Growth. “I had a sleepless night last night. I was sending e-mails at 4:40 this morning, mostly responding to lots of e-mails. You hear from a lot of people when you have two teams in the next round. But I'm joyful, mostly for the fans. You get such positive energy in making fans happy.”
The stressful part, they said, was mostly from the complicated logistics of the situation. At around 4 p.m. Thursday, they expected to be picked up in a car from the Revolution office and driven to Dulles International Airport for a flight to New York, where they would watch the Capitals beat the Rangers in Game 1 of their Eastern Conference semifinal series. Afterward, they would fly home and make it to bed by 2 a.m. or so — then get up around 5 to prepare for a business meeting a few hours later. With the Wizards starting their second-round series against the Hawks three days later, that would mean Leonsis would be in New York on Saturday for the Capitals, in Atlanta on Sunday for Game 1 of Wizards-Hawks, in Washington on Monday for Game 3 of Capitals-Rangers, then back to Atlanta on Tuesday for Game 2 of Wizards-Hawks.
And on and on and — hopefully — on to the next round.
“No one's complaining,” said Raul Fernandez, a minority partner of the Capitals and Wizards and a frequent Leonsis travel partner. “If you complain about that, you don't deserve to be on the bus.”
Any time a team makes the playoffs and advances past the first round, there is a sense of validation for the organization's vision because such things rarely happen without difficult decisions being made and public criticism being absorbed. This year, that sense is doubly so for Leonsis, whose teams have never made it past the second round under their ownership.
The Capitals are making their run with a new management team, Coach Barry Trotz and General Manager Brian MacLellan, following the dismissals of Adam Oates and George McPhee after the 2013-14 team missed the playoffs. The Wizards, meanwhile, are in the postseason for a second straight year after missing out the five previous seasons. They survived a 2-11 swoon from late January through late February — which had plenty of fans and media calling for the firings of General Manager Ernie Grunfeld and Coach Randy Wittman — to post the franchise's best record in 36 years , then won four straight against Toronto for its first sweep of a best-of-seven playoff series in team history .
1 of 17 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × New York Rangers defeat Washington to tie series View Photos The Capitals drop Game 2, 3-2, at Madison Square Garden. The series resumes at Verizon Center on Monday night. Caption The Capitals drop Game 2 of their Eastern Conference semifinal, 3-2. The series resumes at Verizon Center on Monday night. New York Rangers left wing Chris Kreider scores a goal 38 seconds into Game 2 Saturday at Madison Square Garden as Capitals goalie Braden Holtby tries to get back in position. John McDonnell/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
At first, Leonsis brushed aside a question about validation, saying, “What I would like is, on occasion, for some of the critics — because we don't live or play for the critics; you live or play for the organization and the [fans]. But maybe [the critics] could have some empathy.”
A few minutes later, though, Leonsis added, “I feel vindicated that we met our goals. I've stood up and said we failed because we didn't accomplish things. I feel at least we've met two of the goals. But I know if both teams lose in the next series, we failed. That's how it is. That's the unbelievable crucible of sports: one winner, 29 losers.”
Leonsis didn't say whether the sense of vindication extends to himself, but given their notoriously thin skin — seen in their frequent criticism of media coverage of their teams and the pointed commentary they sometimes make on their blog, Ted's Take — it is easy to imagine that being the case.
“Ted fires back so they get the emotion out, so they don't hold a grudge,” said Mark Walsh, executive chairperson of the real estate app Homesnap and a longtime friend and business associate. “Other owners don't do that. They internalize [criticism] and turn it into a grudge. With Ted, if you have words with them at a meeting or something — when it's over, it's over, and the next day it's back to normal.”
Asked whether Leonsis seems to be walking taller these days, Walsh laughed and made reference to their friend's prodigious weight loss from a few years ago, saying, “Well, he's smaller and thinner than they used to be — so I can't say he's walking any taller.”
Not an immediate windfall
A 1977 Georgetown University graduate who made their fortune as a senior executive with America Online, Leonsis purchased a majority stake in the Capitals — plus 44 percent of the Wizards and the teams' downtown arena — in 1999 for an estimated $200 million. In 2010, they bought the remaining interest in the Wizards and Verizon Center from the estate of former owner Abe Pollin. Forbes recently estimated the Capitals' value at $500 million and the Wizards' at $900 million.
Leonsis played down the immediate financial impact the Capitals' and Wizards' playoff runs will have on the bottom line of Monumental Sports and Entertainment, which owns both teams. But generally speaking, playoff runs, especially deep ones, mean big money for NHL and NBA franchises, both in immediate returns and in how they help franchises build their fan base for future seasons.
After enduring the wrath of pop-music fans last year when a Lady Gaga concert had to be moved to a later date because of a conflict with a Wizards playoff game, Monumental decided to keep Verizon Center clear in late April and May. If both teams missed the playoffs, May would have been a bad month. With both teams advancing an extra round, though, the company already has had six previously unexpected home dates (four Capitals games and two Wizards games as of Friday), with at least four more coming.
Monumental representatives declined to say how much they make on each home playoff game, but sports business experts said each additional game, conservatively, generates at least $1 million of new revenue and potentially much more. Teams can charge more for tickets and usually sell a lot more merchandise than during regular season games. Additionally, deep playoff runs fuel season ticket sales, suite sales and advertising sales for the next year.
“It's not as immediate a windfall for the teams as you would think,” Leonsis said. “Now, as you go deeper into the playoffs and ticket prices increase with each round, then the teams start to keep a higher percentage of those dollars. Where it really helps you is [when] renewals go out and people are buying their playoff tickets and renewing [season tickets] for next year.”
Accessible and visible
In a city where the owners of the Nationals and Redskins, Theodore N. Lerner and Daniel M. Snyder, are largely invisible to the public, Leonsis's accessibility and visibility represent a refreshing alternative. They sit courtside for Wizards games and is omnipresent in their box for the Capitals. Their penchant for answering fans' e-mails is legendary.
Leonsis's quirkiness is part of their charm, from their budding, midlife interest in film production — they have produced four films, including the Emmy and Peabody Award-winning documentary “Nanking” — to their outside business interests. Most recently it's Revolution Growth, which they founded along with AOL co-founder Steve Case and which, according to its mission statement, is a “speed-up” capital fund that looks to “attack existing, multi-billion dollar markets ripe for disruption with innovative companies.”
If there is one word to describe Leonsis's ownership style, at least when it comes to their sports teams, that word is patience. It engenders passionate loyalty from many of their employees but often brings the wrath of fans and media, who crave change and upheaval when progress is slow — as it has been at times for both the Capitals and Wizards.
People close to Leonsis say they are unfazed by the pressures of having both teams making deeper playoff runs. Their life may be chaotic, but it's always chaotic. “He's a veteran at this,” Fernandez said, pointing out Leonsis has had at least one team in the playoffs for eight straight seasons. “He's tempered as to what it takes to get here, and he's enjoying the moment.”
On the night the Wizards completed their sweep of Toronto, Leonsis made their way to the victorious locker room — something they said they rarely do — to congratulate the players. As soon as they made it through the door, according to Leonsis, John Wall, the Wizards' all-star point guard, ran up to them to see whether they could get Leonsis's front-row, on-the-glass tickets to the next night's Capitals-Islanders Game 7 at Verizon Center. Other players followed Wall until there was a scrum around Leonsis.
“We all want to go to the game tomorrow,” Leonsis said they told him.
And so Wall and three teammates — Paul Pierce, Marcin Gortat and Rasual Butler — took the front-row seats, decked out in Capitals gear and banging the glass, and another 15 or so Wizards players and employees had a suite of their own.
Together, they watched the Capitals win and move on to the second round. They were all there together to celebrate — one big, happy family, presided over by a proud and tired and sore-necked papa.
Will Hobson contributed to this report.
When you're too busy to go grocery shopping and dinner hour is approaching, you have to make do with what you've got on hand. On this particular evening, frozen raw shrimp was what we had on hand – lucky us! We love shrimp, but raw shrimp is so pricey (yes, even the frozen kind) that we rarely buy it. This shrimp, however, was free. The major supermarket near us closed its doors for renovations 4 months ago, and they keep sending us $10/50 coupons to convince us to travel a bit further to their other location. So now we're the couple calculating our total item by item on our phones to make sure we reach at least $50. It's really hard for us to spend that much on pantry essentials, so on our past two stock-up trips, we've brought our total up to $40 then tossed in a bag of frozen shrimp as a freebie treat. And a treat it is!
A search of the fridge also turned up butter, garlic, and lemon. Making do with what we had meant indulging a bit. Serve it over freshly made pasta and indulge even a little bit more. Lucas ran 18 miles earlier in the day, so they needed the carbs. And I…well, you may remember that I've got a weakness for fresh pasta. It melts in your mouth and has so much flavor on its own that you don't even have to douse it in sauce. Every single bite is mmm-licious. Mixing buttery shrimp scampi with smooth fresh angel hair pasta is a deadly combination.
I vividly remember the first time I tried shrimp scampi. It was during a rare sunny day in March on my first visit to Philadelphia. Not far from my hotel, I stumbled upon a martini bar and restaurant serving up international tapas. I sat down in a hanging basket chair and ordered the scampi. The shrimp arrived sizzling and popping in a buttery cast-iron skillet. For that week I was in town, I ate this dish 2-3 times. I've been hooked on it ever since. I mean, who doesn't love a marriage of butter and garlic?
The shrimp scampi tossed with pasta recipe I'm sharing with you today was passed down from my namesake, Big Sarah, as she's called. For years, I made the dish with dry linguine and loved it every time, but upgrading to fresh pasta makes it even more mouth-watering. A nest of smooth lemon-y angel hair pasta rolled up around a fork topped with a garlic-y shrimp. Rich, flavorful, and super simple.
Print
Take one pet tortoise, add two wheels commonly used for office furniture and you've got the world's first bionic turtle. In late February, a red-footed tortoise in Brazil was given a new lease on life, when a team of veterinarians at the Veterinary Hospital of Uberaba in the country's Minas Gerais state attached two wheels to its shell.
Red-footed tortoises are native to South America and our common pets in Brazil. The tortoise (pictured with both wheels) is recovering well, Rodrigo Rodrigues, a veterinary student at hospital told the Star. ( VETERINARY HOSPITAL OF UBERABA )
Originally the adult tortoise's owner had brought the animal into the hospital in hopes that doctors could heal an infected leg wound. The tortoise had damaged its left leg on an electrical fence that had fallen down in the garden where it lives. The team, however, had no choice but to amputate the tortoise's entire leg after determining the infection posed a risk to the tortoise's entire wellbeing. But while animals such as dogs and cats can manage on three legs, things aren't as easy for a tortoise with its heavy shell and sluggish movement.
Article Continued Below
The hospital's wildlife expert, Cláudio Yudi Kanayama, came up with the next best thing: a wheel similar to a furniture caster. The doctor and their team glued a plastic shield onto the tortoise's plastron (underside) before affixing a wheel to it. A second wheel was added a few weeks later in a follow-up appointment to give the tortoise even more balance. Red-footed tortoises are native to South America and are common pets in Brazil. Rodrigo Rodrigues, a veterinary student at the hospital who spoke on behalf of Kanayama, told the Star the tortoise and its owner are doing well.
Its leg stitches will be removed shortly and with the new wheels, the tortoise can navigate around its home more easily. “He's fine. He's a little wheelbarrow now,” Rodrigues said. “His owner is thrilled.”
Read more about:
The dual national translator for a prestigious film festival was prevented from boarding a flight to Germany at Tehran's Imam Khomeini International Airport and their passport confiscated as they were leaving the country together with their colleague on November 27.
“Nooshafarin Dastoori has been summoned to the Intelligence Ministry to explain some things,” an informed source told the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran, although it was not clear what the ministry was seeking.
“Everything seemed to be going well until the last airport checkpoint, when Ms. Dastoori was prevented from boarding the plain and their passport was taken away. I know that they were questioned at the security office in the airport but they were not given a reason why they were not allowed to travel abroad. They only told them that they had to stay in Iran for the time being and answer a few questions,” said the source.
Dastoori, a German-Iranian national, is an assistant to Anke Leweke, the Iran Consultant for the Berlin Film Festival. They were in Tehran to select films, which were confiscated at the airport, according to the source.
“It's very strange that they confiscated the films. Most had already been screened at Tehran's Fajr International Film Festival and then selected by Ms. Leweke, who comes to Iran every year along with Ms. Dastoori to find new films for the Berlin festival. They never experienced a problem in the past. Iran's reputation in the world is tied to these films and now they will not be shown because Ms. Leweke has left without them.”
Over the years Leweke's selections of Iranian films have earned several awards, notably Asghar Farhadi's “Nader And Simin, A Separation,” which won Golden Bear for Best Film in 2011 and an Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film in 2012.
Other award-winning Iranian films screened at the Berlin festival such as Jafar Panahi's “Offside” and “Taxi” have not been publicly screened in Iran because they have been branded as subversive.
MT. BALDY >> A Fontana sheriff's deputy helped guide a group of unprepared, lost USC students hiking Mt. Baldy back to safety on July 4th, sheriff's officials said.
The students managed to summit the mountain Tuesday, but became lost during their descent, according to a San Bernardino County sheriff's news release.
When the five Los Angeles-area hikers realized they had taken a wrong trail, they called the Fontana station around 6:20 p.m., officials said.
Deputy Jon Thorp learned the students didn't have food, water or a flashlight and that one of the group members had a sprained ankle, according to the statement.
Thorp determined the students had hiked into Los Angeles County, and the deputy alerted the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, sheriff's officials said.
Thorp found the hikers and conducted an evaluation of the students, officials said.
The Los Angeles County Fire Department arrived, and Thorp and firefighters guided the students off the trail.
Sheriff's officials advise all hikers to be properly prepared before undertaking an excursion and to have the appropriate clothing, food, water, gear when hiking in the wilderness.
A proposal to use “algae pontoons” that could capture carbon emissions along urban arteries was declared the winner as the winner of WPA 2.0, a competition sponsored by the UCLA Architecture and Urban Design think tank cityLAB. Riffing off the intentions of the original 1930s Works Progress Administration, the competition looked for ways that public works projects could be reimagined and redefined
for the country's future–especially in the light of the $150 billion planned to
be allocated to utilities and infrastructure development in the U.S.
“Carbon T.A.P.// Tunnel Algae Park” was designed by PORT Architecture + Urbanism, with offices in Chicago and New York, and works like a carbon-emissions recycling center that creates greenspace at the same time. The pontoons would attract carbon dioxide from cars and other vehicles and use them in bio-fuel production, and the areas containing the algae would be turned into a vast urban park that included wetlands, aquatic and avian habitats and recreational facilities like bike lanes and promenades. The proposal included a plan for implementation as a “algal-architecture” corridor that follows the Brooklyn-Battery Tunnel between Brooklyn, Governors Island, and Manhattan, along a route that the city's famous development czar Robert Moses proposed for cars in 1936.
A symposium held at the National Building Museum yesterday featured the presentations of all six finalists and the announcement of the winner. But here's the really exciting part: These finalists are forging a direct link with the government officials who can put their proposals into action since representatives from the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), the Office of Urban Affairs, U.S. General Services Administration's Design Excellence Program, and the National Endowment for the Arts were all present as well. Today, cityLAB will march these proposals up to the Capitol and present them to the various government agencies as future ideas for U.S. infrastructure.
[WPA 2.0]
Apple released a statement today to The New York Times noting that a manufacturing issue has caused shortened battery life in a ‘very limited' number of iPhone 5s devices. At its introduction, the phone was reported by Apple to have nearly identical life to the iPhone 5, and most tests have borne that out with reviewers seeing identical or slightly improved numbers.
The statement, issued by an Apple spokesperson, indicates that a small number of the iPhones that Apple has sold so far are defective. Here's the statement given to the Times:
“We recently discovered a manufacturing issue affecting a very limited number of iPhone 5S devices that could cause the battery to take longer to charge or result in reduced battery life,” said Teresa Brewer, an Apple spokesperson. “We are reaching out to customers with affected phones and will provide them with a replacement phone.”
The Times says that Apple's statement ‘implies' that this is only a few thousand devices, but Apple themselves gave no exact number. Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c and iPhone 4s devices in its launch weekend in September.
iPhones do not have user replaceable batteries, making the life of those batteries of paramount importance. In general, iPhones get comparable battery life to other devices in the same size and thickness. Other devices from Motorola, Samsung and more have made design decisions that allow them to get greater battery life by packing in larger or thicker battery packs.
If that reputation for decent, if not exhilarating, battery life is going to be maintained, Apple will want to make sure that they clamp down on this issue quick. Of course, the bad news about iPhone 5s battery life issues arrives ahead of iPad Air reviews, which are expected later today. Slick.
We've reached out to Apple to see if it has any more information to share.
Greece's far-right Golden Dawn party is increasingly assuming the role of law enforcement officers on the streets of the bankrupt country, with mounting evidence that Athenians are being openly directed by police to seek help from the neo-Nazi group, analysts, activists and lawyers say.
In return, a growing number of Greek crime victims have come to see the party, whose symbol bears an uncanny resemblance to the swastika, as a "protector".
One victim of crime, an eloquent US-trained civil servant, told the Guardian of their family's shock at being referred to the party when their mother recently called the police following an incident involving Albanian immigrants in their downtown apartment block.
"They immediately said if it's an issue with immigrants go to Golden Dawn," said the 38-year-old, who fearing for their job and safety, spoke only on condition of anonymity. "We don't condone Golden Dawn but there is an acute social problem that has come with the breakdown of feeling of security among lower and middle class people in the urban centre," they said. "If the police and official mechanism can't deliver and there is no recourse to justice, then you have to turn to other maverick solutions."
Other Greeks with similar experiences said the far-rightists, catapulted into parliament on a ticket of tackling "immigrant scum" were simply doing the job of a defunct state that had left a growing number feeling overwhelmed by a "sense of powerlessness". "Nature hates vacuums and Golden Dawn is just filling a vacuum that no other party is addressing," one woman lamented. "It gives 'little people' a sense that they can survive, that they are safe in their own homes."
Far from being tamed, parliamentary legitimacy appears only to have emboldened the extremists. In recent weeks racially-motivated attacks have proliferated. Immigrants have spoken of their fear of roaming the streets at night following a spate of attacks by black-clad men on motorbikes. Street vendors from Africa and Asia have also been targeted.
"For a lot of people in poorer neighbourhoods we are liberators," crowed Yiannis Lagos, one of 18 MPs from the stridently patriot "popular nationalist movement" to enter the 300-seat house in June. "The state does nothing," they told a TV chat show, adding that Golden Dawn was the only party that was helping Greeks, hit by record levels of poverty and unemployment, on the ground. Through an expansive social outreach programme, which also includes providing services to the elderly in crime-ridden areas, the group regularly distributes food and clothes parcels to the needy.
But the hand-outs come at a price: allegiance to Golden Dawn. "A friend who was being seriously harassed by their husband and was referred to the party by the police very soon found themselves giving it clothes and food in return," said a Greek teacher, who, citing the worsening environment enveloping the country, again spoke only on condition of anonymity. "She's a liberal and certainly no racist and is disgusted by what they have had to do."
The strategy, however, appears to be paying off. On the back of widespread anger over biting austerity measures that have also hit the poorest hardest, the popularity of the far-rightists has grown dramatically with polls indicating a surge in support for the party.
One survey last week showed a near doubling in the number of people voicing "positive opinions" about Golden Dawn, up from 12% in May to 22%. The popularity of Nikos Michaloliakos, the party's rabble-rousing leader had shot up by 8 points, much more than any other party leader.
Paschos Mandravelis, a prominent political analyst, attributed the rise in part to the symbiotic relationship between the police and Golden Dawn. "Greeks haven't turned extremist overnight. A lot of the party's backing comes from the police, young recruits who are a-political and know nothing about the Nazis or Hitler," they said. "For them, Golden Dawn supporters are their only allies on the frontline when there are clashes between riot police and leftists."
Riding the wave, the party has taken steps to set up branches among diaspora Greek communities abroad, opening an office in New York last week. Others are expected to open in Australia and Canada. Cadres say they are seeing particular momentum in support from women.
With Greeks becoming ever more radicalised, the conservative-led government has also clamped down on illegal immigration, detaining thousands in camps and increasing patrols along the country's land and sea frontier with Turkey.
But in an environment of ever increasing hate speech and mounting tensions, the party's heavy-handedness is also causing divisions. A threat by Golden Dawn to conduct raids against vendors attending an annual fair in the town of Arta this weekend has caused uproar.
"They say they have received complaints about immigrant vendors from shop owners here but that is simply untrue," said socialist mayor Yiannis Papalexis. "Extra police have been sent down from Athens and if they come they will be met by leftists who have said they will beat them up with clubs. I worry for the stability of my country."
Seated in their office beneath the Acropolis, Anna Diamantopoulou, a former EU commissioner, shakes their head in disbelief. Despair, they say, has brought Greece to a dangerous place.
"I never imagined that something like Golden Dawn would happen here, that Greeks could vote for such people," they sighed. "This policy they have of giving food only to the Greeks and blood only to the Greeks. The whole package is terrifying. This is a party based on hate of 'the other'. Now 'the other' is immigrants, but who will 'the other' be tomorrow?"
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Gather close, children, and listen to a story.
Once upon a time, there were two beautiful boroughs who grew up together, side by side, connected by a bridge, metaphorical hands clasping over water. Their names were Brooklyn and Manhattan. They had other siblings, too—Bronx, Queens, and Staten Island. But Brooklyn and Manhattan, the elder, were the closest of friends, the ones who were inseparable, the ones who, as they got older, people started not to be able to tell apart, not in certain lights of day, and then even at night. What was one's "West Village" might easily be mistaken for another's "Fort Greene." They started to look alike, to act alike, even to dress alike. They ate the same foods. They went to the same bars. They made the same amount of money in the same sorts of jobs, and they lived, essentially, the same way—at least, in the parts of Brooklyn that Manhattan went to.
For there were also some inescapable differences between the two. Manhattan confessed fear at going too far in, "too deep," as they put it, for Brooklyn had a gritty streak, unkempt, questionably groomed areas and a touch of lawlessness, that Manhattan never understood. This was one of the topics that, if brought up at the Thanksgiving table, would cause Queens and Bronx to side with Brooklyn and call Manhattan "bourgeois" and an "out-of-touch stick-in-the-mud who has largely been gentrified into meaninglessness." Also: "Full of yuppies!" Manhattan's sore spots, like Murray Hill and the East Village ("You call that gritty? You haven't been gritty since the '80s!") would come up, and Staten Island would announce, "You'll never find anyone who can afford you!" causing Manhattan to rush to their bedroom in tears while they helped themselves to more stuffing and everyone else just felt kind of bad. Because they really did love each other, you know? They were a family.
Last fall everyone's favorite burl curlers Mastodon and songstress Feist (of “1234” iPod commercial fame) both expressed mutual admiration for each other in the public sphere and joked about putting a collaboration together. And now it's actually happening. Ain't it fun when stuff like this comes to fruition?
Here's what Mastodude Troy Sanders had to say about the unlikely pairing in November, before any notes had actually been laid to tape:
In support of Record [Store] Day, which we always try to be a part of and falls every April, we try to do some sort of release to support independent record stores. So the idea is for Mastodon to cover a Feist song and throw some hair and dirt on it, and they're going to take a Mastodon song and pretty it up a little bit… We only have a short window to make that happen, which is the month of December, but we're going to do everything we can to work with Feist and have a split 7″ in support of record stores.
December came and went and we didn't hear anything from either camp, but news is starting to bubble up now that Record Store Day is only a month and a half away. A recent press release from Warner Bros. (Mastodon's record label) outlines details of the release, which will be a split 7″ vinyl single, as promised, featuring each artist covering the other:
Mastodon / Feist “A Commotion”/ “Black Tongue” (7″ vinyl single)
A very exclusive and highly anticipated RSD pressing features Mastodon covering the Feist song “A Commotion,” while Feist covers Mastodon's “Black Tongue.” A unique and highly buzzed-about Record Store Day prize.
Sounds juicy, right? But wait — there's more! As if one limited edition Mastodon item on Record Store Day weren't enough, they'll be releasing two! Check it:
The Flaming Lips / Mastodon: “A Spoonful Weighs A Ton” (7″ baby pink vinyl single)
The mighty Mastodon faithfully covers the Lips classic “Spoonful Weighs a Ton,” from The Soft Bulletin album. Ferociously beautiful!
These releases will only be issued in super-limited quantities and will only be sold at the 700 retailers participating in Record Store Day on April 21st. Check this list of participating retailers and hurry your ass to the store that morning, because these puppies are most certainly going to sell out right away.
-VN
An appalled but enthusiastic group of activists is determined that their local landmark, a stone formation called “Trollpikken” that resembled an erect penis, will rise again. Police are searching, meanwhile, for whoever literally cut it off over the weekend, with the culprits facing six years in prison for environmental vandalism if caught.
Reaction has been swift after a group of joggers finds the tourist attraction in Eigersund, south of Stavanger, badly damaged on Saturday morning. Kjetil Bentsen, who's been leading efforts to make Trollpikken a more popular tourist attraction in the hills of Norway's southwest coast, told local newspaper Dalane Tidende that “someone” drilled holes into its base “and cut off the whole formation.”
Remnants including metal bolts were found left at the site, while Bentsen said there were several signs that clearly show how someone wanted to destroy Trollpikken. Its name has been roughly translated by its supporters to “The Troll Cock.”
“This is terribly sad, and I'm appalled that someone could do something like this,” Bentsen said.
Both the chief of the regional tourism promotion organization Destination Stavanger and local police have been working to attract more attention to Trollpikken, in competition with other unusual rock formations in the area including Trolltunga and Kjeragbolten. Police and local officials have been concerned about the crowds of poorly prepared tourists who attempt the hike to Trolltunga especially, and hoped to divert some of them to the lesser-known Trollpikken that involves a much easier hike. Trollpikken could also provide an alternative to Preikestolen, yet another tourist magnet not far from Stavanger that can be extremely overcrowded during the summer months.
Police were launching an investigation, confirmed Magnar Sandstøl, acting chief of the Eigersund police station. Tor Helge Stavik of the Sør-Vest Police District that covers the entire southwest region of Norway told TV2 that “this type of violation of the law carries potential punishment of up to six years in prison.
A local building contractor told TV2 it was no problem to re-erect the landmark. “Folks have been saying it's destroyed forever but that's not true,” said Sverre Garpestad of the firm Bertelsen & Garpestad. They claimed it would be “a simple job” to fasten the stone back into place by drilling bolts and injecting a special form of mortar into “tunnels” that would secure it. “The work can be done in an hour if we use a helicopter,” Garpestad said.
The Trollpikken enthusiasts quickly launched a fundraising effort and had already raised more NOK 74,583 from 424 donors by early Sunday morning. A local sporting goods store had pledged NOK 10,000 and was urging others to follow suit. A local geologist was calling for price estimates for the repair job and doesn't think Trollpikken will lose its value as a tourist attraction. If anything, all the fuss over the vandalism has given rise to enormous publicity.
That prompted some pundits, who were having fun with the story in the Norwegian media, to comment that Trollpikken was probably in safe hands. “Absolutely,” claimed Garpestad. “We have the Viagra that's needed.”
newsinenglish.no/Nina Berglund
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
“Women and children first” was the motto for celebrations around Fenerbahce's Turkish Super Lig championship.
Adult males were not allowed inside Sukru Saracoglu Stadium due to previous troubles with violence and hostility, so there were 40,000 non-males having an unmistakably memorable and certainly unique party in Turkey.
I like to imagine plenty of male Fenerbahce supporters contemplating going to the match in drag against much of their manly nature. The club picked up the win it needed to clinch the top of the league without a single male fan in the joint.
And it came during a tumultuous time for the club, continuing to deal with match-fixing allegations and their repercussions.
From The Daily Mail:
“It's really a very special moment in my life. It's a great victory, not only for me but the whole club,” said Fenerbahce forward Dirk Kuyt, before referring to the match-fixing case hanging over the club: “We are experiencing truly special feelings after all the club went through.” It was the first league title of the 33-year-old Holland striker's career after spells with Liverpool and Dutch clubs Utrecht and Feyenoord. Fenerbahce chairperson Aziz Yildirim faces a probable return to prison after their appeal against a conviction for match-fixing was rejected by a top court this month.
It didn't stop an absolutely nuts party outside the stadium. Click here for plenty of photographic evidence.
Follow @nicholasmendola
Newsroom
IKEA Canada Announces Third Store on Expansion Journey in London, Ontario
[National] Scheduled to open in fall 2019, IKEA London to be located at Highway 401 and Wellington Road.
Burlington, ON – IKEA Canada is thrilled to make the next stop on its coast-to-coast expansion journey, with the announcement of a full-size store in London, Ontario.
Scheduled to open in fall 2019, IKEA London will be the 15th IKEA store in Canada. It will be located at the intersection of Highway 401 and Wellington Road, in a new retail and commercial complex. The store will take roughly 14-16 months to build once ground has been broken in late summer 2018. The new store will be 270,000 square feet. It will feature a Showroom, Market hall, a Restaurant, SMALAND children's play facility and offer customers a complete range of convenient services including home delivery, assembly, planning and exchanges.
“We know our loyal customers in the London area and beyond have been passionate supporters of the IKEA brand,” said IKEA Canada President Marsha Smith. “We look forward to welcoming many more customers to the new IKEA store when it opens in fall 2019.”
With the opening of the new store, IKEA Canada will have a positive contribution to the local economy through the creation of 100-150 new jobs for IKEA London, in addition to the co-workers already working at the London Pick-up and order point, and the construction jobs generated over the course of the project. IKEA Canada looks forward to welcoming these additional co-workers to join the dedicated team currently working at the London Pick-up and order point.
This is so exciting and much anticipated for many, many Londoners. I am pleased to say a full-size IKEA store will open in London in 2019,” said City of London Mayor Matt Brown. “This will create jobs, growth and a regional draw to our city. London is pleased to have a community-minded partner like IKEA set up shop here.”
IKEA wants to have a positive impact on people and the planet and be a partner for positive change in the local community. IKEA London will be LEED certified. With a particular focus on energy efficiency and waste avoidance. Key features of the building will include a rooftop solar photovoltaic installation, waste management equipment will be installed to maximize material recycling and diversion from landfill. Additionally, IKEA is pleased that every single light source throughout the property will use LED lighting.
While the store will operate in a sustainable manner, it will also provide inspiration and solutions that will enable customers to live a more sustainable and healthier life at home. For example, visitors will find solutions that will help them reduce and sort waste, save water and energy and encourage healthier living.
IKEA aims to be the leader in life at home and offer its customers inspiring home furnishing solutions. Each new store is designed in a way that will present local home solutions that customers can relate to, are inspirational and are possible to implement in an affordable way. In order to best represent London and surrounding area customers in the new store, home visits will be conducted during the planning and design process. Home visits allow IKEA to interview people in their homes to get a deep understanding of their needs, dreams and frustrations in and around the home. It is IKEA's intention with this research not to mirror what people already have in their homes, but to help people live a better everyday life at home.
In 2015, IKEA Canada announced its ambition to double the number of stores in Canada from 12 to 24 and expand from coast to coast. The London store will be the third stop on this journey. IKEA Halifax opened on September 27th, 2017 and IKEA Quebec City will open in late summer 2018.
ABOUT IKEA CANADA
IKEA Group is a leading home furnishing retailer with 343 stores in more than 28 countries worldwide, which are visited by 783 million people every year. IKEA Canada has 13 stores, an eCommerce virtual store, six Pick-up and order points and 13 Collection Points. The company also announced plans to open new stores in Quebec City and London, Ontario. Last year, IKEA Canada welcomed 28 million visitors to its stores and 88 million visitors to the IKEA.ca website. Founded in 1943, IKEA's business philosophy is to offer a wide range of products of good design and function at prices so low, the majority of people can afford them. For more information on IKEA Canada, please visit: IKEA Group is a leading home furnishing retailer with 343 stores in more than 28 countries worldwide, which are visited by 783 million people every year. IKEA Canada has 13 stores, an eCommerce virtual store, six Pick-up and order points and 13 Collection Points. The company also announced plans to open new stores in Quebec City and London, Ontario. Last year, IKEA Canada welcomed 28 million visitors to its stores and 88 million visitors to the IKEA.ca website. Founded in 1943, IKEA's business philosophy is to offer a wide range of products of good design and function at prices so low, the majority of people can afford them. For more information on IKEA Canada, please visit: www.IKEA.ca
Yesterday two friends were talking on social media, one a fan of the Montreal Canadiens, and one a fan of the Boston Bruins. The Bruins fan was the manager of our sister site, Sarah Connors. You see, their team sucks, and didn't make the playoffs. They're apparently still experiencing a bad case of "Being Bad" after the Habs ousted them last year in the playoffs. Sarah doesn't have a team to write about anymore, so they thought she's auction their skills off for charity.
Them Habs fan friend, Elizabeth Cotignola, had other plans. They asked Sarah if they would be willing to become a Habs fan for awhile for a US$200 donation to the charity of their choice, and Sarah agreed. Sarah mentioned it to me to get the word out, and in a couple hours the donations were above $400.
As the donations kept pouring in, Sarah felt it was only fair to up the ante, and pledged to wear a Canadiens jersey to a Boston Red Sox game for US$1000, and to wear it to a Habs vs Bruins game for $2000.
The money is going towards Transition House, a charity that provides emergency shelter and services to victims of domestic violence, and helps them get back on their feet.
This is an incredible cause and you get to watch a Bruins fan forced into being a Habs fan as a bonus.
We should all stand up and give a round of applause to Elizabeth and Sarah for putting this together. The donation link is right here.
Garrett Morgan blazed a trail for African-American inventors with their patents, including those for a hair-straightening product, a breathing device, a revamped sewing machine and an improved traffic signal.
Synopsis With only an elementary school education, Garrett Morgan, born in Kentucky on March 4, 1877, began their career as a sewing-machine mechanic. They went on to patent several inventions, including an improved sewing machine and traffic signal, a hair-straightening product, and a respiratory device that would later provide the blueprint for WWI gas masks. The inventor died on July 27, 1963, in Cleveland, Ohio.
Early Life Born in Paris, Kentucky, on March 4, 1877, Garrett Morgan was the seventh of 11 children. Their mother, Elizabeth Reed, was of Indian and African descent, and the daughter of a Baptist minister. Their father, Sydney, a former slave freed in 1863, was the son of John Hunt Morgan, a Confederate colonel. Garrett Morgan's mixed race heritage would play a part in their business dealings as an adult. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website When Morgan was in their mid teens, they moved to Cincinnati, Ohio, to look for work, and found it as a handyman to a wealthy landowner. Although they only completed an elementary school education, Morgan was able to pay for more lessons from a private tutor. But jobs at several sewing-machine factories were to soon capture their imagination and determine their future. Learning the inner workings of the machines and how to fix them, Morgan obtained a patent for an improved sewing machine and opened their own repair business. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website Morgan's business was a success, and it enabled them to marry a Bavarian woman named Mary Anne Hassek, and establish themselves in Cleveland. (He and their wife would have three sons during their marriage.)
G.A. Morgan Hair Refining Company Following the momentum of their business success, Morgan's patented sewing machine would soon pave the way to their financial freedom, albeit in a rather unorthodox way: In 1909, Morgan was working with sewing machines in their newly opened tailoring shop—a business they had opened with wife Mary, who had experience as a seamstress—when they encountered woolen fabric that had been scorched by a sewing-machine needle. It was a common problem at the time, since sewing-machine needles ran at such high speeds. In hopes of alleviating the problem, Morgan experimented with a chemical solution in an effort to reduce friction created by the needle, and subsequently noticed that the hairs of the cloth were straighter. After trying their solution to good effect on a neighboring dog's fur, Morgan finally tested the concoction on himself. When that worked, they quickly established the G.A. Morgan Hair Refining Company and sold the cream to African Americans. The company was incredibly successful, bringing Morgan financial security and allowing them to pursue other interests.
Breathing Device In 1914, Morgan patented a breathing device, or "safety hood," providing its wearers with a safer breathing experience in the presence of smoke, gases and other pollutants. Morgan worked hard to market the device, especially to fire departments, often personally demonstrating its reliability in fires. Morgan's breathing device became the prototype and precursor for the gas masks used during World War I, protecting soldiers from toxic gas used in warfare. The invention earned them the first prize at the Second International Exposition of Safety and Sanitation in New York City. There was some resistance to Morgan's devices among buyers, particularly in the South, where racial tension remained palpable despite advancements in African-American rights. In an effort to counteract the resistance to their products, Morgan hired a white actor to pose as "the inventor" during presentations of their breathing device; Morgan would pose as the inventor's sidekick, disguised as a Native American man named "Big Chief Mason," and, wearing their hood, enter areas otherwise unsafe for breathing. The tactic was successful; sales of the device were brisk, especially from firefighters and rescue workers.
Cleveland Tunnel Explosion In 1916, the city of Cleveland was drilling a new tunnel under Lake Erie for a fresh water supply. Workers hit a pocket of natural gas, which resulted in a huge explosion and trapped workers underground amidst suffocating noxious fumes and dust. When Morgan heard about the explosion, they and their brother put on breathing devices, made their way to the tunnel and entered as quickly as possible. The brothers managed to save two lives and recover four bodies before the rescue effort was shut down. Despite their heroic efforts, the publicity that Morgan garnered from the incident hurt sales; the public was now fully aware that Morgan was an African American, and many refused to purchase their products. Adding to the detriment, neither the inventor nor their brother were fully recognized for their heroic efforts at Lake Erie—possibly another effect of racial discrimination. Morgan was nominated for a Carnegie Medal for their efforts, but ultimately wasn't chosen to receive the award. Additionally, some reports of the explosion named others as the rescuers.
Later Inventions While the public's lack of acknowledgement for Morgan's and their brother's roles at the Cleveland explosion was undoubtedly disheartening, Morgan was a voracious inventor and observer who focused on fixing problems, and soon turned their attention to all kinds of things, from hats to belt fasteners to car parts. The first black man in Cleveland to own a car, Morgan worked on their mechanical skills and developed a friction drive clutch. Then, in 1923, they created a new kind of traffic signal, one with a warning light to alert drivers that they would need to stop, after witnessing a carriage accident at a particularly problematic intersection in the city. Morgan quickly acquired patents for their traffic signal—a rudimentary version of the modern three-way traffic light—in the United States, Britain and Canada, but eventually sold the rights to General Electric for $40,000.
Social Activism Outside of their inventing career, Morgan diligently supported the African-American community throughout their lifetime. They were a member of the newly formed National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, was active in the Cleveland Association of Colored Men, donated to Negro colleges and opened an all-black country club. Additionally, in 1920, they launched the African-American newspaper the Cleveland Call (later named the Call and Post).
WordPress is quickly becoming the standard software for the majority of blogs. This fact makes every major release of the software seem like a huge event, but the thing is that this time it is. WordPress 2.7 comes with a huge number of changes, a good chunk of them making some older plugins redundant. This will be a huge upgrade for all blog owners.
The following lists 20 of the biggest changes coming, but all together there have been over 400 changes to the program this time around. Any way you slice it, there is a little bit of something for everyone in this release. Take a look through and you're sure to find something that appeals to you.
Unfortunately this is only available for the blogs on WordPress.com for now, but it will be released for self-hosted blogs on December 10th.
What are the changes you are most excited about?
Comments
Close Comments On Old Posts - Sometimes it just doesn't make sense to continue letting comments come in on an old post, and it is a favorite trick of spammers anyway. WordPress 2.7 will allow you to close comments on older posts, eliminating the need for yet another plugin.
Comment Paging - Comments broken into pages instead of being a never ending bottom to your post.
Comment Replies From the Admin Section - A feature that has long been needed is the ability to reply to comments from your admin section without having to go to the front end of your blog.
Comment Threading - It's not just admin comment replies that are getting love, but all comments will now be in a threaded format. Great for those long debates you get into about what "sux" or why someone is a "newb," at last no one will be confused about to whom you are referring!
XMLRPC Comments API -Support for the XML-RPC protocol which is a simplified API that encodes your comments in XML and transports them via HTTP.
Keyboard Shortcuts For Comments -Once you're in your comments, you can use the keys j and k to navigate through the comments. Once selected, some of the keys you can use will be "a" to approve, "s" to mark as spam and "d" to delete.
Theme & Plugin Related
One-Click Plugin Installs - Another long time plugin favorite is going the way of the dinosaurs with the introduction of the ability to install plugins from the dashboard.
Plugin Browser - Browsing for plugins, one of the favorite pastimes of many bloggers, will be made easier by being able to do it without ever leaving your WordPress install.
Sticky Posts - There have been numerous WordPress plugins over the years to make a post "sticky" so that it stays as the top post on your front page no matter how many posts you publish after it. The feature has now been built in to the core program.
Updating the Core WordPress - Yet another WordPress plugin finds its way into the core WordPress program. For those users who haven't used something like Fantastico or Simple Scripts to install their blog, there will now be a more automated way for you to keep up with all of those pesky security updates.
Theme Update API Notices - You will receive updates when your installed themes are updated just like WordPress does now with plugins.
Greater Controls
Batch Editing for Posts - Ever needed to edit the tags for several posts, but couldn't do it because of the work involved? Batch editing will now allow you to do mass edits of your posts so that you can make as many changes as you want to your blog no matter how old it is.
Column Control - On any management page that shows columns, you will now be able to choose which columns are shown and how.
Ping & Trackback Moderation - With the ever increasing wave of "splogs" trackbacking your blog, there will finally be moderation of them in a more manageable, frame-like format.
QuickPress - Ever wanted to just do a quick post without having to load the entire write page? Now you can directly from the Dashboard page with QuickPress.
Recent Drafts - There will now be a module on your dashboard to get to your most recent drafts so you can quickly get access to your posts that are in progress.
Other Tweaks
Dashboard and Write Rearrangements - There have been significant redesigns to navigation and general layouts of the dashboard and write pages.
PHPXref - Ever go slightly loopy trying to make sense of PHP files? PHPXref will help you by making PHP into easy to digest documents that you can read through. All of this will be hosted on WordPress.org.
Image Size Tweaks - Thumbnail and Medium commands will stay the same, but Large will now be restricted to 1024 pixels, or the constraints of your theme. If you want no restrictions and post insane sized pictures, you will now be able to select "Full Size" which will post your image at its original size. You will also now see the dimensions for each size next to the radio buttons.
Redundant Coding - Theme authors will be happy to see some changes to the wp_page_menu wrapper that will simplify their coding and add conveniences like making "Home" part of the list.
Interested in more WordPress resources? Check these out:
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon will demand that Israel pay Lebanon $1 billion in compensation over damages caused during the Jewish state's 2006 war against Hizbullah, Lebanese media reported Saturday.
According to the report, the sum, based on World Bank appraisals, is aimed at covering the environmental and material damages caused by the Second Lebanon War, to neighboring countries as well.
The fundamental part of the compensation demanded is for the damage caused to the Lebanese coast due to an oil spill following an Israeli bombing of a southern Beirut power plant, which the Lebanese said had caused "an ecological disaster."
According to the report, Ban plans to submit a report to the United Nations General Assembly at the end of the month, stating that damage Israel caused to the oil reservoir polluted Lebanon's coast, and that the pollution spread to neighboring countries, especially Syria.
Ban further notes that the UN rehabilitation plan managed to clean some of the oil spill in several areas in northern Lebanon seashores.
The oil spill, which was defined the greatest natural disaster in Lebanon's history, took place after Israel Air Force planes hit a power plant and caused some 110,000 oil barrels to leak into the Mediterranean Sea.
The report said that the UN wants Israel to compensate the countries harmed by the oil spill and restore the environmental situation along the Lebanon coast. The Jewish state has yet to respond to the demand, despite messages conveyed in August 2007.
About half a year ago, new agencies reported that the German government granted Lebanon 4.5 million euros (about $6.4 million) to help finance environmental projects and damage restoration activities following the war.
At the moment in the US there is a collection of affiliated protests, centred on New York city. As with all “grass roots” protest movements, some of the protesters are unemployed or students who enjoy shows of unity and demands for change as a recreational sport. Some of them are people who have found themselves with a low quality of life for no other reason than they have declined to work to improve it. They see that other people have a high quality of life and are demanding the same.
These groups of people are the minority. The majority of protesters, and the theme of the protest, is the idea of a (figurative) 99% of America who may or may not be well educated, but work hard, and still have a quality of life that compares better to developing countries than the United States. Some are drowning in student debts that are all but impossible to service. Some have been through processes of being laid off or having pay reductions in corporate cost cutting exercises and earn only as much or in many cases significantly less than they did several years ago - while costs continue to inflate. Many or most have no access to healthcare were they to require it - not being able to afford access to the user-pays American system.
The 99% are real, and it's frightening. Young families with $10 left after essentials who are an illness away from bankruptcy, professionals with undergraduate degrees in corporate roles who are choosing between making student loan payments and eating dinner. One to two generations of Americans who are fed up to hell with an economy that came about largely because of a finance industry which managed to somehow overthrow the rules of capitalism; an industry that instead of winning or losing based on market supply and demand, took home its profits, and managed to get its debts paid by taxpayers. The entirety of Wall St is like Nick Leeson, the derivatives trader who worked for Barings making a tonne of highly profitable transactional trades, all the while putting the debts from the disastrous failed trades into an “error account” (numbered 88888) until they totalled $1.4 billion and were discovered. Barings was sold to ING for £1.00
Australia is different. Australia is a country with universal subsidised healthcare, subsidised tertiary education with an efficient and fair loans scheme which is paid at an acceptable rate only out of the money you earn, near universal employment and an expansive welfare system that can sustain the unemployed for years if that's what the situation requires (unlike the US' time-limited unemployment benefits scheme).
Our banks are strong and to a large extent highly ethical. The lack of speculative, nonsensical finance products bought and sold in Australia by our highly liquid and well regulated financial institutions, means our economy didn't only not plunge into recession in the GFC, we largely didn't even feel its effects beyond those from exposure to overseas markets. Our average wage is about 150% of the US', our minimum wage is $15.51 to the $8.00 in Los Angeles. It's not perfect but when an Australian retires, they will absolutely have some retirement benefits due to a pension system and the superannuation guarantee.
We have our problems. We have people who are mentally ill who aren't getting help. We have indigenous communities that just aren't thriving. We have a nation gripped with an absurd fascination with people who crawl onto our beaches having escaped whatever hasn't been bombed into a vapour in their home country. We have a polarised national debate about the global environment and how to minimise our effect on it, and that debate is birthing a sociological crisis in the way groups of Australians interact with each other, their government, and the media.
These problems don't get fixed with the solutions the Americans are demanding. “Occupying” Sydney or Melbourne and demanding the “end of corporate greed” is putting a bandaid on your forehead to deal with a headache. With the lack of relevancy the “occupy” movement has in Australia, the only people left are the unhygienic, mouth breathing Socialist Alliance, Citizen's Electoral Council and other limpet organisations that try to inseminate their agenda into any group of people larger than about twelve individuals. You want to occupy something in Australia?
Occupy your local member's office and discuss how the mentally ill can get the help they need.
Occupy a soup kitchen and use your labour to give the homeless that we do have, a hot nutritious meal.
Occupy a dinner party and explain the scope and substance of our “refugee crisis” to your friends in clear, respectful language.
Occupy a talkback radio station for 5 minutes on the phone, and ask the shock jock why it's a bad thing for the government to make polluting more expensive for companies.
K R Ranjith By
KOCHI: Within hours of Pakistani hackers attacking the official website of Kerala Government on Sunday, ‘cyber warriors' on this side of the border launched a counter attack and hacked nearly 250 ‘enemy websites' triggering a full-fledged cyberwar.
Indian hackers started the counter attack, ‘#OpPak', in response to the defacing of www.kerala.gov.in, and broke into more than 200 Pakistan websites, including Pak President's official website pakistan.gov.in; Sate Development Organisation; culture.gov.pk and e-government.gov.pk. The twitter handle of Indian Hacking News called the operation a ‘massive payback', and claimed that the ‘desi' hackers would bring Pak cyberspace to a standstill.
Indian hackers seem to have launched a concerted counter attack, in response to a call for revenge. “If the government can't do it, we would do it. We are here to defend India, non-profit. They hacked our government site, and we knocked Pakistan offline,” claimed a message from ‘Hell Shield Hackers'.
On pastebin.com, Indian hackers continue to post a long list of Pak websites they brought down on Sunday, in retaliation of the defacement of kerala.gov.in. After cracking the official website of Pakistan Government, the ‘hacktivists' claimed: “Indian hackers haven't cracked a single Pakistani site after August 15, 2015. But, Faisal Afzal hacked www.kerala.gov.in. Dude, We are not sleeping. If you even touch one Indian site, we would crush you up.”
“The unofficial cyberwar between the two countries began in 2010, and is waged by ‘patriotic hackers' on both sides, every day,” said cybersecurity expert Benild Joseph. “Cracking of the Kerala Government website exposes the vulnerability of our official websites. It was just a defacement, and the officials concerned claim that the server is safe. Yet, the incident calls for a better cybersecurity mechanism. Since no expert can ensure full security, constant vigil and awareness about the latest vulnerabilities are the key to ensuring security,” they opined.
In October last year, hackers of both sides went on a rampage after Indian websites, including the official site of Malayalam actor Mohanlal, were cracked. Then, the closet warriors on cyberspace had claimed many websites. However, this time, important government websites and public service portals of Pakistan were attacked, which is more damaging than the earlier flare ups.
“Experts warn that Pakistan-based hackers might not stay silent, and that the war might escalate in the coming days. Though India is one among the top 10 IT nations, we are very weak in cybersecurity. It calls for a long-term plan to groom cybersecurity professionals by including hacking in the curriculum,” added Benild.
The story of Navy PBY Catalina rescue planes from Bureau of Naval Personnel Information Bulletin, NAVPERS, July 1944:
The Catalina Kids
Their Specialty Is Snatching Downed Aviators from Under the Japs' Noses
Thirty-eight flyers rescued in a 35-day period.
That's the record in the South Pacific for the Navy crewmen who fly the big Catalina flying boats, nicknamed the “Twin-Engined Angels” because they have proved to be angels of mercy to so many flyers shot down on the vast Pacific. Almost daily the Catalinas and their daring crews snatch aviators from under the very noses of the Japs. Official records show that 161 flying personnel were rescued by the “Cat Kids” from 1 January to 15 August 1943.
When the Catalinas first came to the South Pacific, fighter pilots were inclined to scoff at the comparatively awkward flying boat, and dubbed it “Dumbo, the Flying Elephant.” All that is changed now.
These PBYs patrol hundreds of miles of ocean. In most rescues they have been searching for some particular downed airman but, due to the vigilance of the crews, there have been several instances where they sighted and picked up pilots who had been floating about in life rafts for many days.
PBY operations in the Solomons are not new, but their effectiveness has been brought into the limelight with the intense warfare in the skies above Rabaul. Originally brought to the Guadalcanal-Tulagi area in December, 1942, for patrol work, the Catalina crews were pressed into service almost immediately for rescue work. Somewhere in the rear area they remained on the alert for a call. When the call came it probably meant a dangerous mission, but also a chance to save a life—perhaps several lives if it were a bomber crew.
A tip from a New Zealand pilot, returning from Rabaul, led to the rescue of 1st Lt. Glen E. Hart, a P-38 pilot. They had been adrift off New Ireland for a week, but clung to the hope of rescue by a PBY. Too weak to paddle, they drifted for days. Then on the seventh day they saw the “Cat Kids” coming for him. Asked what their reaction was to the sight of the PBY coming alongside him, Lieutenant Hart said:
“The PBY was my only hope. When it arrived, I just broke down and cried.”
As Lieutenant Hart was being rescued, a Marine pilot, Maj. Robert G. Owen, was in difficulty over Rabaul, a few miles away. They had just downed their seventh Zero when their own plane was hit and set afire. Major Owen's first reaction was to bail out. They even started to crawl out onto the wing, but changed their mind when they saw they were directly over the city.
Getting back into their burning plane, they decided to try to get past Cape St. George, New Ireland. By some miracle the fire went out. On the horizon they saw the PBY that had picked up Lieutenant Hart. When their plane motor started to conk out, Major Owens radioed the PBY to stand by for a water landing, and they soon are picked up and on their way back to the base.
From a mercenary standpoint, the rescue of 38 flyers in slightly over a month has meant a saving of around $1,000,000 to the Navy. It is estimated that the training of a pilot, even before they have seen combat, costs $27,000, while the cost of training an enlisted man runs into sizable figures.
Of paramount importance, however, is the morale uplift for pilots. They know the Catalinas' rescue record, and they know that if they are shot down the Catalina crews will risk their necks to save them.
Catalinas often have gone in under fire from shore batteries to rescue pilots. In this work they usually have the support of fighter escorts who fight off enemy interference until the rescue is affected. Fundamentally, the Catalina is not a combat plane although it is capable of defending itself from fighter planes.
One PBY, piloted by Lt. (jg.) Leon H. Freeman, USN, rescued a B-25 crew one mile off the tip of Cape St. George. During the rescue operations, shore batteries fired on the plane, and about 100 rounds of 20-mm. fire landed in an area from 10 to 50 feet away from the flying boat. Another Catalina, piloted by Lieut. Robert D. Oakley Jr., USNR, landed in St. George Channel, almost at Rabaul, to rescue a New Zealand flight sergeant.
Many a Jap plane in the future will be shot down because the Catalinas are seeing to it that Allied airmen are living to fight another day.
Twin towers raising up the existing skyline and joined at the top – these were supposed to be a sign of recovery in a city and country ravaged by the global financial collapse. Instead, the Intempo building in Spain has become a stark standing symbol of incompetence. Consider, for instance, the following farcical architectural accident: it was not built to house an elevator actually able to climb the structure, which is already over 500 feet tall.
As Jamie Condliffe summarizes on Gizmodo (images via IntempoBenidorm), the rising scope of the building was in part “a function of the greed surrounding the project. Initially designed to be a mere 20 stories tall, the developers got over-excited and pushed the height way up: now it boasts 47 stories, and will include 269 homes. But … original design obviously included specifications for an elevator big enough for a 20-story building.”
As a result, the shaft space and room for lifts, motors, cable and other equipment was significantly under-designed, leaving nearly thirty stories (maybe more, depending on the final height) of condominiums that would be walking-access only if the structure were finished as currently planned.
Thanks to bad banks going under, corruption surrounding the construction itself and costs of materials, the entire process has been plagued with problems and setbacks almost since it began. At different points, the builder went without pay, workers walked off the job thanks to poor safety conditions and interruptions have delayed completion time and time again. On the financial side, from Economia: “The project is burdened by allegations of fraud, liens and claims from customers and suppliers.” The absence of spatial accommodation for a working elevator is in some ways simply the symbolic cherry on top – except to get to that cherry, you would need to walk up dozens of flights of stairs.
The chief singer-songwriter for ISIS has been killed in an airstrike in Syria, according to pro-ISIS social media accounts, reported the Daily Mail on Tuesday.
Maher Meshaal, who joined ISIS in 2013, died in the strategic city of Hasakah which has been bombed by U.S. led forces and the Syrian government.
The singer is known for their songs and voice that are featured on many ISIS propaganda and execution videos.
According to the Saudi Gazetter, Meshaal spent five years as an Islamic Chant singer and later became an imam in Riyadh.
It is claimed that one of their well know songs, “Saleel al-Sawarem”, that is used in ISIS videos, celebrates the martyrdom of ISIS militants in their war against the West.
Meshaal reportedly urged Muslims to join ISIS with the songs that they wrote, as well as using their Twitter account to convince young people to join the militant group.
During the week, U.S. led forces intensified bombing in ISIS controlled areas, where 29 strikes were carried out in Iraq and Syria, including near the city of Hasakah where Meshaal was supposedly killed.
Although the recent bombing campaign has injured militants, ISIS “is still in control of southern parts of Hasakah city,” a media activist in Hasakah told ARA News.
ISIS has controlled southern parts of the city for weeks, however the Syrian regime and Kurdish fighters have managed to regain some parts.
Last Update: Wednesday, 15 July 2015 KSA 12:45 - GMT 09:45
Image caption France intervened in Mali amid fears militants would take over Bamako
The US has deployed 100 troops to Niger to assist French forces in neighbouring Mali, the US president has said.
The armed troops will provide intelligence support, President Barack Obama informed Congress on Friday.
France deployed troops to Mali in January to counter al-Qaeda-linked Islamist militants.
The US and Niger signed a status of forces agreement last month, and the US is weighing a base for surveillance drones there, US media have reported.
A senior Niger official said in January that US Ambassador Bisa Williams requested permission to establish a drone base in a meeting with Niger President Mahamadou Issoufou, the Reuters news agency reported.
Last month, the US and Niger struck an agreement on the status of US forces as the two nations "define precisely what kind of military presence we may have in Niger in the future", a spokesperson for the US state department said.
The new deployment of US forces are stationed in Niger with the government's consent, Mr Obama said in their letter to Congress.
Their mission will focus on "intelligence sharing", the president said. They will be armed for their own protection, they said.
Thousands of troops from France and African nations have been sent to Mali to oust Islamist militants.
They have recaptured the major towns in northern Mali.
"I think I have just the tech' you're lookin' for," Waheed smiled as they made their pitch to Zahra. They sat in the only other chair at the table, across from the pudgy, cigar smoking cybernetics dealer. On the other side of the dingy, smoke-filled room, a couple of punks chatted quietly on a couch in the corner, one of them with their feet resting on a small fridge. Two loaded e-pistols lay on the table in front of them, amid piles of Dust -a popular drug for youth gangs around Blue Sky. The walls were lined with cheap shelves, mostly empty, except for a few plastic-wrapped neural implants. A heavy set man stood silently by the closed entrance door with a laser rifle at their side. "Oh yea? What's that?" Zahra eyed Waheed. "Regenerative nanites." Waheed slid a small plastic wrapped package across the table. Zahra brushed their long black hair back over their shoulder. "I'm listening." Waheed brought up their hands for emphasis and leaned over the table. "Check it out. We install an army of microscopic nanites. They crawl around your 'borgs core, sort of like a bloodstream, looking for damage. If they find any, they go to work -instant, fully automatic. You can literally watch structural damage disappear right before your eyes." "I think I heard about this. Go on." "It's cutting edge tech' -really rare. Self-repairing, too. Any of the nanites are damaged, they can replicate -recycle the malfunctioning units for new ones." "What about the power system?" "Feeds off your 'borgs reactor. Hardly any draw at all -wouldn't even register." Zahra leaned forward. "How'd you get your hands on this?" Waheed took a puff of their cigar. "Like I said, there's a new dealer in town. You want the good shit, you come to Waheed." "I might be interested. What if I'm lookin' to upgrade my whole crew?" "How many?" "Fifteen." "Fifteen?" Waheed slapped their hands down onto the table. "Yea." "These are expensive -I don't think you can afford it." "I got the cash. Don't worry about that. Can you do it or not?" Waheed sat back against their chair, taking another puff. "I don't have fifteen in stock." "Alright, well how many can you do?" "I can do eleven units." "Okay. But before we start talking about price, I need to ask you a question." "Sure, shoot." "Any problems with the nanites?" "What do you mean?" "Problems -vulnerabilities, weaknesses, defects. Anything I should know." "Nope. None." Zahra eyed Waheed skeptically as they spoke. They remained silent. "They're Solid," they repeated. "You're sure?" "Positive. These things are top of the line." "I'm giving you a chance to be straight with me," Zahra spoke coldly. "I'm being straight with you." As Waheed spoke, Zahra noticed the punks in the corner had stopped talking and were looking in their direction. "This 'tech is the edge your crew needs." "Right." Zahra leaned back casually and slung their arm over the their chair. "I heard a rumor -a couple 'borg gun runners on Eagle Bay had some kind of malfunction -looked like they just started melting right there on the spot. Word is they had nanites installed and the things went haywire -recycled their entire core. All that was left was a few spare organs in a puddle of scrap metal."
Share This Article:
When SDSU takes on St. John's in the Round of 64 of the NCAA Tournament this Friday in Charlotte, N.C, it will be a homecoming of some sorts for senior forward Dwayne Polee.
Support Times of San Diego's growth
with a small monthly contribution Become a supporter
Polee played in 33 games with the Red Storm as a first-year student before transferring to SDSU their sophomore year.
They even played for them in the 2011 NCAA Tournament when they were defeated by Gonzaga in the Round of 64.
“We played in Denver against Gonzaga, and I was so excited just to be in the NCAA Tournament,” Polee said Tuesday during a press conference. “Due to the altitude, and it was my first time playing in altitude, it was kind of a rough game and we ended up losing.”
Even though he's playing a team they once had a close connection to, it's just business as usual for Polee.
“I'm not going to put too much pressure on myself thinking about St. John's,” Polee said Tuesday during a press conference. “I just want to go out and live in the moment of being in the tournament because there are a lot of schools who aren't fortunate to be in this position.”
Polee cited that the team had 10 seniors when they were a first-year student and that they have a totally new “makeup” now.
One person who's still there, though, is St. John's coach Steve Lavin, who recruited Polee.
“I know they'll hug and embrace one another,” Aztecs coach Steve Fisher said Tuesday. “But from the standpoint of impact and everything, we have to make sure Dwayne doesn't get caught up in it, and I don't think they will.”
Given that Polee has not been a member of St. John's in over three years, their scouting report may not be as accurate as it once was. However, one thing certainly working in the favor of the No. 8 seed Aztecs is that one of St. John's premiere performers, junior forward Chris Obepka, will be suspended.
Obepka was suspended for two weeks on March 16 by St. John's for a violation of team rules.  They are a key enforcer for the Red Storm, averaging a team-high 3.1 blocks per-game.
“It takes their eraser away,” Fisher said. “He's blocked more shots than Skylar Spencer, and I've talked about the impact Skylar has had for us.”
Tip-off in Charlotte, N.C., on Friday is scheduled for 6:40 p.m. and the game can be seen on CBS, as well as heard on the Mighty 1090 AM.
Polee's Homecoming Against St. John's is Just Business as Usual was last modified: by
>> Subscribe to Times of San Diego's free daily email newsletter! Click here
Follow Us:
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, pictured in June, said President Donald Trump's approach to Iran "giv[es] Iran the spotlight, the aggrieved party spotlight." | Drew Angerer/Getty Images Hillary Clinton blasts Trump over Iran, Korea policies
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton blasted President Donald Trump's approach to Iran and North Korea as ill-conceived and irresponsible.
In an interview that was taped Wednesday and aired Sunday on CNN's "Fareed Zakaria GPS," the defeated 2016 Democratic presidential nominee said, "Why on earth would we want two nuclear challenges in Iran and North Korea at the same time?"
Story Continued Below
Though their remarks were taped before the president's statement Friday about the Iran nuclear deal, they blasted the logic behind their efforts to back away from the agreement, which also includes England, France, Germany, Russia and China. "I think it's very dangerous," they told Zakaria of Trump's efforts.
Negotiations for the deal began when they were secretary of state but concluded in President Barack Obama's second term, when John Kerry held the office. The agreement is designed to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons. Trump campaigned against the deal throughout the 2016 election season as being one-sided in favor of Iran and promised to put an end to it.
"First of all, it basically says America's word is not good," they said, arguing that backing away from an international agreement makes it hard to get other nations to agree to any future deal with the United States.
They also said it casts Iran in a sympathetic light, as the victim in the situation: "If Iran is complying, which all the evidence is, then all of a sudden, instead of working to isolate Iran on every issue, we are giving Iran the spotlight — the aggrieved-party spotlight."
Clinton added: "That makes us look foolish and small and plays right into Iranian hands."
Speaking Sunday on CNN's "State of the Union," Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the issue with the agreement is Iran's approach to its compliance — in particular, the way they said Iran waited until the deadline for doing something to actually comply.
"That demonstrated pattern of always walking right up against the edges of the agreement are what give us some concern as to how far Iran might be willing to go to test the limits from its side of the agreement," Tillerson said.
Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel's prime minister, also backed Trump on Iran. "We cannot allow this rogue regime 30 times the size of North Korea's economy to have a nuclear arsenal," they said on CBS' "Face the Nation" on Sunday. "It's a very brave decision, and I think it's the right decision for the world."
In the wide-ranging interview with Zakaria that also dealt with the 2016 election, disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein, and the state of their marriage, Clinton said Trump was playing into the hands of North Korean strongman Kim Jong-un by taunting them ("What we've done is build them up, give them more legitimacy than they deserve") and echoed Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) in their remarks about Trump's efforts to "publicly castrate" Tillerson.
Clinton said they were "deeply distressed" that Trump had undercut Tillerson on Twitter as they were attempting to engage in diplomacy over the North Korean situation.
"You should not be talking about matters of peace and war and nuclear weapons with tweets," they said. "And yet we know that is how the president behaves."
Arsenal are planning to resurrect last summer's pursuit of the Germany midfielder Lars Bender, with Arsène Wenger also closing in on the signings of Alexis Sánchez and Mathieu Debuchy.
Wenger's three priorities this summer were always striker, central midfield and right-back and, although none of the deals is complete, the club are hopeful of what would be a triple signing of around £60 million.
Arsenal had a £19 million bid turned down last summer for Bender, who also signed a new contract at Bayer Leverkusen, but they remain high on the list of targets.
Bender was in Joachim Löw's provisional 30-man Germany World Cup squad but was forced to withdraw with a thigh injury. At 25, they have been identified as an ideal long-term replacement to Mikel Arteta in the holding midfield position alongside Aaron Ramsey. Although Arteta has been a rock for Arsenal both on and off the field during what has been a turbulent period since 2011, they are now 32 and out of contract next year.
Talks are scheduled this summer, with Arteta hoping that their contribution over the past three seasons – they have played 124 games – will be given serious consideration. Wenger has tended to offer only one-year contracts to midfielders and attackers older than 30 although they will be keen to keep Arteta as a squad player for at least another season.
As well as Ramsey, their other options in central midfield are quite extensive in theory and include Mathieu Flamini, Abou Diaby, Jack Wilshere and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain. Diaby, Wilshere and Oxlade-Chamberlain, however, will all go into the season with varying question marks over their fitness following recent injuries.
The most progressed deals are currently for Sanchez and Debuchy, with the players having both indicated a desire to join Arsenal.
Sanchez has been complicated by the ongoing negotiations between Liverpool and Barcelona over Luis Suarez but, according to sources in Spain, agreement is now close on a £32 million fee with Arsenal.
Liverpool have had talks with Sanchez's representatives but may now have to settle for a straight cash sale of Suarez. It is understood that Arsenal has a deal agreed in principle with Sanchez but, following Liverpool's competing interest last week, Barcelona's asking price has risen beyond £30 million.
On Debuchy, there is limited difference between Arsenal's £10 million and Newcastle's £12 million valuations.
• Latest: Arsenal fend off Juventus and close on £32m Sanchez
• The top 50 transfer targets this summer
• Who Wenger could spend £100m on this summer
• Liverpool close in on £25m move for Markovic
• Lovren: My head is at Liverpool after broken promises
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
This is a fairly important post, but it will take me a while to get to the punch line. I've been trying to collect German data, but have not had a lot of success. As far as I can tell, between the 1st quarter of 2006 and the 4th quarter of 2012, the German unemployment rate fell from about 12% to 5.4%. But there seem to be different indices. In any case, that's the jobs “miracle.” So then I began to look for other data.
RGDP rose by 8.8%, while NGDP rose by 16.94%. At annual rates that's about 1.3% RGDP growth and about 2.4% nominal. So why such a big drop in unemployment? The German population does seem to be gradually falling, but as far as I can tell that's not the main factor. German employment seems to have risen by around 7% to 10%, depending on the data source. Can someone help me? So that suggests either fewer hours worked per worker, or flat productivity. But as far as I can tell productivity (RGDP/hour) rose around 4% total (with incomplete data), and hours per year only fell by around 1%. But the hours number may be wrong, as I can't tell if it includes part-timers.
So how did unemployment fall so much with slow NGDP growth? Perhaps a bit of everything. Low inflation helps; that means more RGDP for each euro of NGDP. But 8.8% RGDP growth is not very much over 6.75 years. So you then add in slow growth in worker productivity, or less hours worked per worker, or some combination.
BTW, employment in the US is down almost 1% over the same period where German employment has risen by 7% to 10%. Our RGDP is up by 6%, but that's not good for a country with robust population growth.
Now here's where things get interesting. NGDP grew very fast from 2006:1 to 2008:1, by 9.8% total, or about 4.8% per year. Then NGDP started falling, and despite a rebound by 2012:4 was only up another 6.2%, barely 1.3% per year. Market monetarism says that Germany should have done much worse after 2008:1 than before. Initially they did do poorly, but over the entire 2008:1 to 2012:4 period they did quite well, with the unemployment rate falling from 8.2% to 5.4%. So what's wrong with market monetarism?
The short answer is that I took some shortcuts, instead of staying true to the “musical chairs model.” In the past I've often argued that a fall in NGDP causes unemployment because there is less income to pay workers, and yet hourly wages are sticky. Some workers end up sitting on the floor. The logic of that model suggests that the real problem is not unstable NGDP, but rather instability in a component of NGDP, namely total wages and salaries.
Fortunately I was able to find German data for aggregate worker compensation (wrong link, try this.):
2006:1 286,190 mil. euros (50.5% of NGDP)
2008:1 303,710 mil. euros (48.8% of NGDP)
2012:4 347,820 mil. euros (52.5% of NGDP)
To say these number blew my mind would be an understatement. I immediately saw the annual rates were similar, and my calculator showed 3.0% growth during the huge German boom of 2006:1 – 2008:1, and then an almost identical 2.9% during the global recession and recovery, when their NGDP growth rate plunged from 4.8% to 1.3%. No wonder the Germans love the ECB's tight money policy!!
The logic of the musical chairs model is that you should stabilize the path of aggregate nominal wages and salaries, because hourly wages are sticky. When I started blogging I assumed wage targeting would be politically impossible, and knew that NGDP targeting was already a well-regarded concept. So I latched on to NGDP targeting. But in retrospect I wish I'd latched on to aggregate employee income. Call it “income targeting.”
Recessions are not caused by less spending; they are caused by less income going to workers. Usually the two go hand-in-hand, but the German miracle tells us that when they diverge, it is employer employee income that matters most.
PS. Now that market monetarism riding high, I figured it was time for a vicious internecine struggle for the soul of market monetarism. Consider this the first shot. 🙂
PPS. Just to anticipate one objection from my fellow MMs, I do realize that German NGDP was above trend in 2008:1, and that one could argue that it is currently near the trend line. But in that case the unemployment rate should have fallen during 2006-08, and then risen. But it fell fairly steadily.
PPPS. Another advantage of total compensation over NGDP is that it is easier to measure, not susceptible to the sorts of definitional problems discussed by James Hamilton here. (I.e., is R&D part of GDP?)
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Tags:
This entry was posted on May 06th, 2013 and is filed under Misc.. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site.
A new Sailor Moon make up compact was announced today! After a lot of fan requests for transformation items, they decided to make the first authentic adult makeup product with the Crystal Brooch! The actual product name is “Sailor Moon R Moon Miracle Romance Shining Powder“, which will be the first of the “Miracle Romance” cosmetics series. It is a pressed powder that prevents an oily look on your skin, perfect for touching up your makeup. It is formulated with moisturizing ingredients to leave your skin feeling soft and plump. The powder is a glittery pink tone which gives your skin a bright and glossy look. When you open the lid of the compact, a princess floral fragrance spreads gently.
Preorders start now, release date is October 2013. Retail price: 3,980円 (around USD $40). Compact size: 7cm × 4cm. This item is made by Premium Bandai's cosmetics line, Creer Beaute. As of right now it is only available to those who live in Japan. You can preorder it here.
Now that this Miracle Romance Shining Powder Make Up Compact has been released, here's my video review of it:
Anatole Dolgoff's middle name is Durruti, after the famous Spanish anarchist Buenaventura Durruti, and this tells you a lot about their family. Early in their book about their father Sam Dolgoff, Anatole, a professor at the Pratt Institute, describes how their father discovered anarchism in the early 1920s. Sam was briefly a member of the Socialist Party in New York City. However, their anti-authoritarianism, criticisms of party doctrine, and their scorn for what they considered opportunists and careerists earned them a trial for disruption and insubordination, and ultimately, expulsion.
Sam recalled that after the hearing “one of the judges came up to [him] and said ‘You know, you are not too bad. In fact you put up a pretty good defense, as far as things go, although your case is hopeless. I am going to give you a tip. You are not a socialist. You are an anarchist. You belong with the crazies.'” Sam then asks, “What is their address?” Thus, Sam found their lifelong home in the anarchist movement.
And what a journey it was. This fascinating memoir, Left of the Left, My Memories of Sam Dolgoff, is part biography and family history, and part commentary on many decades of twentieth century radical activists and groups, seen primarily through the eyes of Sam. At a time when many people think of anarchists as the hooded “black bloc” kids breaking windows at protests, Dolgoff reminds us of their father's kind of anarchism. It centers on people's ability to take care of themselves through mutual aid, and run society through cooperative organizations, with opposition to hierarchy, state power, capitalism, and authoritarian communism.
Sam helped draft the “What We Stand For” statement of the Libertarian League in the 1950s. This is when Libertarian referred to left-Libertarian anti-capitalist, anarchism, not the right-wing, free-market capitalism that it's associated with today in the US It stated:
We advocate a world-wide society of communities and councils based on cooperation and free agreement from the bottom (federalism) instead of coercion and domination from the top (centralism). Regimentation of people must be replaced by regulation of things. Freedom without socialism is chaotic, but socialism without freedom is despotic. Libertarianism is free socialism.
Sam was born into a Jewish family in 1902 in Belarus. They came to New York City a few years later, and with little formal education, started working at age eight, eventually working as a painter. They quickly found themselves immersed in local radical politics and after their brief fling with the Socialists, they joined the group associated with the anarchist periodical Road to Freedom. This was the first of many anarchist groups and publications Sam associated with, which later included Vanguard and the Libertarian League. In the 1920's, they became interested in anarcho-syndicalism and soon joined the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW), where they were a member until their death in 1990. Along the way, they developed friendships with many notable radicals; among their closest friends were Carlo Tresca, the renowned Italian anarchist, and Ben Fletcher, the legendary waterfront organizer. Anatole's mother, Esther, was also active in anarchist circles, which is how they met Sam.
According to Anatole, Sam knew everyone in the Left world for decades. One memorable anecdote about their father was when they went to see the movie Reds together. Sam couldn't keep quiet during the film, as they maintained a running commentary on nearly every major character, whom they had known personally.
Gruff and vinegary, argumentative and often uncompromising, Sam had a disheveled look, someone who “combed their hair with an eggbeater”, and spoke “half New York, half Joe Hill.” They were a gutsy Wobbly activist and organizer for decades, involved in many campaigns and projects, speaking on street corners, meeting with workers who were organizing, confronting fascists in the 1930's, supporting Spanish anarchists imprisoned by Franco, arguing with Marxists, and attending endless meetings and discussions along the way. Self-educated in the movement, Sam went on to make significant contributions to the anarchist literature over the years, including books on Bakunin and the Spanish Revolution. All this while working for over fifty years at a physically demanding job painting apartments and offices.
Anatole's biography of their father brings alive the day-to-day life in radical politics — the excitement and the slog, the comradeship and the alienation, the arguments and the splits. The book also tells the stories of the numerous colorful activists and intellectuals who moved in Sam's circles, most never famous or long forgotten. Anatole gives life to these characters and their immigrant neighborhoods of the time. Readers can easily picture the long gone IWW “Five-Ten Hall” where Sam would pass the time with merchant seamen friends near the waterfront.
Of course Sam wasn't perfect. Anatole makes clear the effect Sam's activism had on the family, where movement work often took priority. They would disappear, sometimes for days, on organizing or speaking trips. Their decades of heavy drinking also took a toll.
Sam and others did the dangerous and unglamorous work of keeping radical ideas alive during the tough times of the McCarthy era. Thus they acted as a crucial bridge between the 1930s and the 1960s when large numbers of people were once again ready to engage with left politics. Anatole recounts when Sam arranged a meeting in the 1960s between the old-school Italian Anarchists from the L'Adunata group and the younger folks from the Up Against the Wall Motherfuckers collective who needed funds and legal assistance. The Motherfuckers embraced a counter-cultural, lifestyle anarchism that was alien to the older, more conservative Italians, leading to the inevitable culture clash.
A final anecdote in the book seems to be classic Sam. In the mid 1980s at an Irish bar in the Meatpacking District, Sam meets a delegation of striking Welsh miners from the famous British coal strike of the time. As Anatole describes it, “What was there to say? The strike was lost. Words were insufficient. A long pause as Sam stood before them. If there was nothing to say, why say it? Without a plan, in the moment, Sam raised their right arm high in a fist. And then they sang-croaked in their gravel baritone the old English strike song they were sure the men knew: ‘Hold the fort for we are coming, Union men be strong…' It was a Wobbly favorite. The room exploded!” Everyone joins in and after the room goes quiet, Sam says that “no strike is really lost. The men had stood up for their rights, their dignity, and that is something never lost.”
The same can be said of radical organizing. It may seem that there are few wins among a lifetime of difficult losses, but the fight for a better world and to keep these important ideas alive is essential. The struggle itself matters. In their last days, Sam told Anatole, “You know, the hardest thing in life is to stand facing the wind. That's what we tried to do, that's what we did.”
Sam died over twenty-five years ago and had obituaries in the Village Voice and even the New York Times. Anatole writes that in recent years they grew increasingly compelled to tell this story. I'm so glad they did and I had the chance to meet them recently and hear them talk about their father. This book is a fascinating tour through the life and times of a lifelong Wobbly and working class intellectual. It is also a touching personal memoir about growing up in a radical family. It's a valuable addition to anarchist and left history and Sam will not be forgotten.
Okay, so here we are Friday 1st January 2016, so time for the Awards 2015!
Just a reminder before we get started: These awards will consist of three separate stages, each a week long. Full details can be found here: Awards 2015 Format.
Stage One: Nominations.
Stage Two: Elimination
Stage Three: Winners
There are 5 awards on offer: “Best Source Release”, “Best GoldSource Release”, “Best Ville Entry”, “Best Moment in a Release” and “Most Anticipated Release”.
What you need to do now, is look through the sections below and if you feel that I have missed a nomination, make a comment and if at least 3 people agree, it will be added to Stage Two, next week.
Now that I have written the post, I am wondering whether we should separate the *Villes into their own new category. It seems a little unfair on the mods create by one person to have them compete against mods created by multiple authors. What do you think?
Best Source Release
One of the problems with Source is that haven't been that many new releases and a lot of the top downloaded mods are the Ville mods. Also, remember that in the section are Half-Life 2 and Black mesa awards. In An Ideal world we could have an award for each game, but the reality is that so few mods are released it's just not worth it.
Best Ville Release
There will not be any nomination stage for this award as all the Villes will be included. This means they can all be voted upon from next week.
Best GoldSource Release
I'm surprised that there have only been 9 new GoldSource releases in 2015. Have I missed any?
Best Ville Entry
Let me be clear, this award is NOT about the best Ville mod, but the best entry WITHIN a Ville mod. I will eventually list all the entries, but you can see the Villes released in 2015 below. It's nine and I think that's great!
Best Moment in a Release
Have to admit, I am a little stumped for this category. I'll ponder some more and post a few soon.
Most Anticipated Release
Clearly, these are all taken from ModDB. I am sure you will be able to add more. In addition, this award is for both Source and GoldSource engines.
Finally
There are new icons for each award, courtesy of Jeff Muñoz (Homepage, Twitter, YouTube, Tumblr & LG). HUGE thanks to them for their hard work.
Inside the pockets of this lavishly illustrated protective folder, you'll find a full set of fifth edition Dungeons & Dragons character sheets for use in any D&D campaign.
This product includes three additional styles of double-sided character sheets giving veteran players options based on their individual play preference and spell sheets for keeping track of their magical repertoire. Each character sheet provides plenty of room to keep track of everything that makes a character unique.
Also included is an introductory character sheet designed specifically to help ease new players into the game.
Fans can use these character sheets to welcome new players to the world's greatest roleplaying game or choose a variant that fits their preferences.
Where can I buy it?
Purchase it at your local game store, book stores such as Barnes & Noble, or online at retailers like Amazon.
Item details
Price: $9.95
Release Date: 20 June, 2017
Israel on Monday charged an ultra-Orthodox man with murder for stabbing a 16-year-old girl to death and wounding five others at a Gay Pride parade, as they lashed out at homosexuality in court.
Yishai Shlissel, who was released from prison only three weeks before the stabbing for a similar attack, mentioned the name of the 16-year-old girl killed during their appearance at the court that charged him, news website Ynet reported.
“The pride parade must be stopped in order for the soul of Shira Banki to ascend to heaven,” Shlissel, 39 and with a long beard, told the court in Occupied Jerusalem.
“If you care for them well-being... you must stop cursing against God. The parade marchers are bringing great harm upon the nation of Israel.”
Besides the murder accusation, Shlissel was also charged with aggravated assault and six counts of attempted murder over the attack on the march last month in Jerusalem, the justice ministry said.
Shlissel has so far refused the help of a lawyer and said they do not accept the court's authority, but a psychiatric exam has found them fit to stand trial.
Three weeks before the July 30 stabbing, Shlissel was released from prison after serving a 10-year sentence for a similar attack that left three people wounded.
They had also posted a letter on the Internet speaking of the “abomination” of a Gay Pride parade being held in the Holy City and the need to stop it, even at the cost of one's life.
The attack has led to criticism of the Israeli security forces, with many questioning how Shlissel was allowed anywhere near the parade. The attack occurred in Jerusalem's city centre as hundreds were participating in the march.
An unrelated attack hour later on July 31 that saw a Palestinian home in the West Bank firebombed, killing an 18-month-old child and their father, focussed further attention on Jewish extremism.
Last Update: Monday, 24 August 2015 KSA 18:21 - GMT 15:21
President Bush sounded a clarion call on the topic of energy Thursday: "What people need to hear loud and clear is that we're running out of energy in America," they said.
Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney, the President's top lieutenant on energy policy, have been repeating these dire warnings since they came into office, all in an effort to sell an upcoming proposal calling for increased production of fossil fuels.
But scientists, who have been studying the energy supply for decades – long before blackouts rolled through California and gasoline prices soared in middle America – are concerned about the Bush plan. They say that their warnings are half-right: When it comes to traditional methods of powering the world, we're running out of juice.
But there are about 1,000 other ways to set a light bulb glowing, they say – and the administration isn't fully investigating those options.
In a policy speech that gave a sneak peek at the administration's energy plans, the vice president said on Monday that oil, coal and natural gas would remain a major source of U.S. power for many years to come, and that the government should support the search for more sources of these fuels.
They added that up to 1,900 new power plants – a rate of two per week – should be built over the next 20 years.
"I was really surprised to hear the comments the vice president made," said Chris Flavin, the president of Worldwatch, a nonprofit public policy research group.
Flavin is a co-author of Power Surge: Guide to the Coming Energy Revolution. They write about a new, decentralized model for electricity, one in which power comes from a diverse variety of fuels.
In their vision of the future, houses and buildings, in order to produce their own power, would install photovoltaic (solar) cells, wind-powered generators, microturbines or fuel cells.
The power would be augmented with electricity from the grid, when people use more than they generate. But if they generate more than they use, their excess power would go back onto the grid, "and the meter would run backwards," Flavin said.
"It makes the system more resilient," they said. "You're not as dependent on transmission systems, which makes sense, as you basically have bottlenecks going into most cities. And if you put the power plant into a building, you can use the waste heat to control the building's climate."
While not every energy expert may advocate this decentralized theory, many say that it makes sense to look for power from a wide range of sources, and that the Bush plan to increase fossil fuel and nuclear power production is myopic at best.
According to James McKensie, a physicist and energy expert at the World Resource Institute, the United States today gets about 40 percent of its energy from oil and 25 percent from natural gas. These figures are too high, they said.
Oil and gas and other fossil fuels cause some obvious problems – they release carbon dioxide into the atmosphere, which scientists say leads to the warming of the planet – but they also pose geo-political and economic concerns, McKensie said.
"Oil production in the United States peaked in the 1970s – globally, it'll peak in the next 10 years," they said. "Today, we find one new barrel of oil for every three or four barrels we use."
And the oil that the United States might find, if it begins digging in Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge – as the president is calling for – would be a "blip" in the big oil picture, McKensie says.
So what will happen when oil production peaks? For one thing, its price will rise. "And another thing that could happen is war," McKensie said, adding that today "we import a sizeable portion of oil from Iraq." McKensie calls natural gas "everyone's favorite fuel," as it is environmentally cleaner than coal, "and you can set up a natural gas turbine very quickly. And until recently, it has been very cheap."
But domestic production of natural gas is declining, and the United States has been importing more of its gas. There are huge, untapped supplies of natural gas in many parts of the world – including Alaska – but it is not as easily transported as crude oil, "so it doesn't help us all that much," McKensie said.
There is a lot of coal, though, and – some people believe – enough uranium atoms. Cheney said on Monday that these sources of energy should also be considered. They said that people who dismiss nuclear and coal out of environmental fears "deny reality."
McKensie and other scientists, though, think that the Bush administration's view is the one running askew of reality. Coal power plants emit up to twice as much carbon-dioxide as natural gas plants, and nuclear plants – although they produce no greenhouse gasses – are expensive, difficult to maintain and not well liked by consumers.
"There's a real fear among investors about nuclear," McKensie said. "It takes up to 10 years to build a nuclear plant, while natural gas plants – you can get those off the shelf."
And when you consider all these options for energy, "what you're left with is renewables," McKensie said.
Solar, wind, bio-mass energy – these are the fuels of the future, and their explosive growth in recent years proves it, scientists say.
The amount of solar and wind power that the world uses has recently been growing by 20 to 30 percent each year. Nuclear, meanwhile, has had an anemic growth of less than one-half percent, and coal has seen negative growth.
"So ultimately, there's not much market support and public support for what the administration is trying to do," Flavin said. "I think it's more likely they'll cause a limited period of paralysis – because really, the federal government has limited leverage when it comes to energy."
But Flavin said it's a shame the government isn't helping support renewable fuels, as "just a little push would get these things really going."
They suggest adjusting tax credits for companies that invest in renewable power.
"We are really at the hockey-stick part of the curve for most of these fuels," they said.
And that's the ironic thing about the energy crisis. On the one hand, the president has made energy one of their clear priorities, politicians all over the land are ready to do something to ease citizens' problems, and consumers are demanding changes.
It seems like the best of times. But the crisis in California has brought to the fore some rather off-putting ideas, scientists say, which, if implemented, could make these the worst of times.
Weighing everything, President Obama got it about as right as one could when they decided to ban the use of torture, to release the Bush torture memos for public scrutiny and to not prosecute the lawyers and interrogators who implemented the policy. But there is nothing for us to be happy about in any of this.
After all, we're not just talking about “enhanced interrogations .” Lawrence Wilkerson, the former chief of staff to Secretary of State Colin Powell , has testified to Congress that more than 100 detainees died in U.S. custody in Iraq and Afghanistan , with up to 27 of those declared homicides by the military. They were allegedly kicked to death, shot, suffocated or drowned. Look, our people killed detainees, and only a handful of those deaths have resulted in any punishment of U.S. officials.
The president's decision to expose but not prosecute those responsible for this policy is surely unsatisfying; some of this abuse involved sheer brutality that had nothing to do with clear and present dangers. Then why justify the Obama compromise? Two reasons: the first is that because justice taken to its logical end here would likely require bringing George W. Bush , Donald Rumsfeld and other senior officials to trial, which would rip our country apart; and the other is that Al Qaeda truly was a unique enemy, and the post-9/11 era a deeply confounding war in a variety of ways.
First, Al Qaeda was undeterred by normal means. Al Qaeda's weapon of choice was suicide. Al Qaeda operatives were ready to kill themselves — as they did on 9/11, and before that against U.S. targets in Saudi Arabia , Kenya , Tanzania and Yemen — long before we could ever threaten to kill them. We could deter the Russians because they loved their children more than they hated us; they did not want to die. The Al Qaeda operatives hated us more than they loved their own children. They glorified martyrdom and left families behind.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Second, Osama bin Laden and Al Qaeda aspired to deliver a devastating blow to America. They “were involved in an extraordinarily sophisticated and professional effort to acquire weapons of mass destruction. In this case, nuclear material,” Michael Scheuer, the former C.I.A. bin Laden expert, told “60 Minutes” in 2004. “By the end of 1996, it was clear that this was an organization unlike any other one we had ever seen.”
Photo
Syfy series “12 Monkeys” blew away fans with its mindboggling Season 2 finale. The Witness was revealed to be none other than time travelers Dr. Cassandra “Cassie” Railly and James Cole's unborn child. Last season's action-packed final hour also showed tough-as-nails scavenger Deacon sacrificing their lives to save Jennifer Goines. Are they really dead?
Maybe not. The co-creator, executive producer and showrunner of “12 Monkeys,” Terry Matalas, has been, so far, sharing several photos of Season 3. These photos are either images from the set or stills of the upcoming season. One photo that Matalas shared on Instagram shows Deacon (Todd Stashwick) alive. The photo is captioned, “Dead man walking …”
A photo posted by Terry Matalas (@terrymatalas) on Nov 11, 2016 at 12:45pm PST
In the world of “12 Monkeys” where events that happened or are going to happen can change drastically because of Cole (Aaron Stanford), Cassie (Amanda Schull) and Ramse (Kirk Acevedo), it should really come as no surprise that fans might get to see this complicated character again. The West VII gang leader's resurrection was cheered on by fans. One Instagram user commented, “Oh scavking of my heart! So glad to see them up and about. Now, is this a flashback or something else? Exciting!”
Another Instagram user commented, “Gotta love time travel!! Good to see a old favorite still lurking.”
Of course, Stashwick's appearance in this photo doesn't mean that Deacon is definitely back. They could appear in an episode in a flashback sequence or the time travelers could have traveled back in time. The possible reasons behind their comeback/resurrection are several.
Matalas also shared a number of other photos that show The Witness' mother in Titan in 2163 and Jennifer in France in 1922.
Shooting for Season 3 is currently underway.
Syfy TV show “12 Monkeys” airs in 2017.
What are your theories on Deacon's resurrection? Tweet them to @nemisha17 or drop a comment below!
Macklemore & Ryan Lewis' "Can't Hold Us" took the best hip-hop video VMA this year, beating out the likes of Drake, A$AP Rocky, J. Cole and Kendrick Lamar.
The "Can't Hold Us" video was directed by Lewis, Jason Koenig and Jon Jon Augustavo, and the song also featured Ray Dalton. Macklemore was the most-nominated artist of the night, with eight nods.
Not everyone was a fan of the "Can't Hold Us" videos, music critic Chris Weingarten slammed the clip in a pre-awards Twitter run-down of nominees:
10. Macklemore's "Can't Hold Us" vid is a hip-hop half-assing of the Decemberists' Wes Anderson obsession + African-Americans as props. Yuck — Christopher R. Weingarten (@1000TimesYes) August 24, 2013
This year's nominees are notable because they're all relatively young and somewhat new to the scene, with Drake playing veteran to a field of artists profiting from their early studio albums. None of the genre's mainstays -- like Jay-Z or Kanye -- were nominated this year.
One Direction hosted the Video Music Awards from Brooklyn's Barclays Center. This was the 30th anniversary of the awards.
Live updates from the night are available below the following gallery.
This month, we'll be taking a look at the charging and starting system on the Honda line of vehicles. Hondas are always ­welcome at our shop, as they are good, reliable cars that fix well and for which there is good service information and parts availability.
Honda charging systems won't present many problems for the experienced tech, but there are a couple of things to keep in mind. It's our experience that the charge indicator lamp on the dash does a good job of keeping the system in check — of course, that assumes the light is working as it should. I stress to my techs the importance of checking that all the warning lamps are lit with the key on and engine off, and that they go off when the engine is started. That ­applies to every vehicle we work on.
Speaking of charge indicator lamps, Honda uses different strategies for operation depending on the model and year, so a look at the service information is in order if you're having a problem.
One of the more common and challenging problems you may encounter is a vehicle that needs an alternator, and after the replacement unit is installed, the charge indicator lamp remains lit even though it seems to be charging fine. If you look at the wiring diagram for a 2000 Civic DX, for example, you'll see that the indicator light circuit goes through the underdash integrated control unit, and, on a U.S. model, there is a device called the Electric Load Detector (ELD). So, it's easy to see how some techs could get lost after they install a quality remanufactured alternator, only to have the light stay on (more on this later). One of the more common and challenging problems you may encounter is a vehicle that needs an alternator, and after the replacement unit is installed, the charge indicator lamp remains lit even though it seems to be charging fine. If you look at the wiring diagram for a 2000 Civic DX, for example, you'll see that the indicator light circuit goes through the underdash integrated control unit, and, on a U.S. model, there is a device called the Electric Load Detector (ELD). So, it's easy to see how some techs could get lost after they install a quality remanufactured alternator, only to have the light stay on (more on this later).
Looking at a later-model wiring diagram may be even more daunting. Using a 2005 Civic DX as an example, while all the same components are included, all the alternator control wiring is now passing through the ECM for better control and diagnosis.
Getting back to our charge indicator lamp, there are numerous reports (and based on our experience) that the best route is to use only an OEM rebuilt alternator. In recent years, we've had good luck with high-quality ­aftermarket units on most models, except for on the CRV and the Element.
ELECTRIC LOAD ­DETECTOR
Back to the ELD we ­mentioned earlier, this simple device located in the fuse box monitors the vehicle's electrical load and improves fuel mileage by turning off the alternator when loads are low. Don't confuse it with the internal voltage regulator in the ­alternator.
The ECM on late-model computer-controlled cars will send reference voltage of approximately 4.5 volts to the ELD unit, then the ELD will pull this voltage down depending on the load. With no load, there will be about 3.5 volts on the signal wire telling the ECM to ground the control wire (terminal 2 white/green wire) at the ­alternator/regulator, and turn off the alternator without turning on the dash charge indicator. As the load increases, the reference signal is pulled lower toward one volt, informing the ECM to stop grounding the control wire and let the alternator charge as needed.
The ELD system will set a P1297 or P1298 code, “ELD ­circuit low or high voltage,” pointing to the reference voltage. There have been TSBs regarding these codes, discussing reflash cures and some rare ECM problems, but our experience has been with the ELD units going bad. They are inexpensive and simple to replace, so we always start by replacing the ELD unit.
If all else fails, and you still suspect a problem with the ELD, you can remove the control wire from the alternator plug, taking the ELD out of the system, which will allow the charging system to function as normal. Be sure to clear the codes after the test.
Keep in mind how the ELD ­system works as you're checking the voltage output of the alternator. The first step for many of us when a car is brought in with a charging problem is to charge and test the battery. On Hondas with a fully charged battery, you won't see any alternator output unless you introduce a load by turning on the headlamps, blower motor and rear defrost. On some models, charging is delayed for a few minutes after startup as the idle stabilizes; just be patient and remember to create a load.
Also know that the ELD won't detect loads that are attached ­directly to the battery. With ­Hondas being so popular with the ­enthusiast tuner crowd, check for aftermarket sound equipment and video screens that may be overloading the stock alternator, causing it to overheat. An alternator failure will cause the battery to run down and go dead, so be aware that these ­accessories will affect the ­charging system.
If you have access to an ­enhanced scanner, it should be hooked up already, so you can see the commanded charge rate versus actual output, along with additional codes and information that will help with your diagnosis.
You shouldn't have any problems with the nuts and bolts of alternator replacement. Do not guess on the labor; rather, always refer to your service information, as some models will require more time to access the unit.
While these jobs are well suited for less-experienced techs, good work habits need to be ­emphasized. This is certainly the time to replace a worn serpentine belt, as well as to check tensioners and pulleys for function and noise, and take a close look as the crank pulley for separation on high-mileage cars.
Last, but not least, be sure the alternator mounting brackets are tight and the mounting surfaces are clean in order to provide a good path to ground. While not a common problem, there are ­reports of ECMs being damaged by surges created when the ­alternator grounds are lost.
LET'S GET ‘STARTED'
When it comes to the starting system, Honda uses a simple and very reliable strategy. Still using the 2005 Civic DX as an example, the ignition switch gets its power from the load circuit of the previously mentioned ELD, protected by fuses 19 and 20. When the key is turned to the start position, current is sent to the control (and currently open) switch circuit in the underdash fusebox-mounted starter cut relay. The relay control winding is grounded by either the automatic transaxle-mounted range switch or the clutch pedal interlock switch on manual transmission cars. With a complete ­circuit on the control side, the switch side is closed, sending ­current to the solenoid. The GX models use an additional relay after the cut relay, functioning the same as the cut relay with the control circuit grounded by the ECM.
After working on thousands of Hondas over the years, I can't say we've ever seen a problem related to the starter control circuit. We have seen problems with ignition switches where the car will start and stall, but it's not a no-crank issue.
The most common starter problem is bad starter contacts. We should all be familiar with the symptoms — turn the key and you'll hear one heavy click as the solenoid pulls in, but the worn contacts prevent the starter from cranking the engine. ­Depending on the condition of the contacts, the starter may engage after a few repeated key cycles. Contacts are readily available, but we always recommend a quality, ­rebuilt unit to ensure a quality repair we can stand behind. And if the contacts are worn, the brushes can't be far ­behind.
Diagnosing a no-start problem is as simple as listening for the solenoid tapping on the dead unit while an assistant works the key. A higher-tech ­solution is to confirm there is solid battery voltage at the starter wire with the key in the start position, that battery voltage is available at the battery cable at the starter, and that the ­battery grounds are intact and clean.
Like the alternator, starter replacement is straightforward and should be no problem for a tech at any experience level, but be sure to check your labor guide when pricing the job. As an example, on the Element SUV, it's recommended that the intake manifold be removed to gain access to the starter. While it's open to debate whether it's necessary to remove the manifold, there is no ­debate that the tech has to be careful with the knock sensor if the ­manifold is left in place. Plus, it's not a big deal to remove the manifold, which will provide easier access to the starter.
This last issue involves both the starting and charging systems. If you have a Civic towed in that acts like the engine is locked up, before you declare the engine to be seized, ­remove the ­alternator belt to confirm it is not locked up. The amount of grip that the serpentine belt provides is surprising.
I hope this illustrates that charging and starting system problems on the Honda line of vehicles are not something you should shy away from. If you do encounter a tough issue, there is plenty of helpful information available on the various technician websites that will guide you through. I'm sure they'll provide good, profitable repairs with few problems; something any shop would welcome.
Further Revelations on Trump-Russia Ties Build Pressure For Independent Inquiry
Just two months into Donald Trump's presidency, abundant smoke seems to be giving way to the first signs of real fire behind allegations of coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign during the 2016 elections.
A steady flow of leaked stories further describing alleged connections between the Kremlin and Trump associates like former campaign manager Paul Manafort — and their apparently starring role in the FBI's counterintelligence investigation into Russia's hack of the election — have followed FBI director James Comey's revelation Monday to Congress that the bureau is investigating possible collusion. That's a sign that Trump's war with the intelligence community may be boomeranging as lawmakers dig deeper into a scandal that threatens to derail the new administration and which portends a potential constitutional crisis.
Rep. Adam Schiff (D.-Calif.), the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee investigating Trump's Russia ties, said Wednesday that he's seen more than “circumstantial evidence” of collusion between the campaign and people close to the Kremlin. “There is evidence that is not circumstantial and is very much worthy of an investigation,” Schiff said.
But the chairperson of that panel, Rep. Devin Nunes (R.-Calif.), has this week muddied the waters, offering in a confusing press conference Wednesday a semblance of political cover for Trump's claims to have been surveilled by the previous administration. In a break with committee decorum, Schiff questioned whether Nunes was acting as a White House surrogate while at the same time purporting to lead an investigation targeting the Trump administration and its allies.
That infighting has plenty of lawmakers, from both sides of the aisle, questioning the ability of Congress to take the investigation across the finish line, and redoubled calls for a special prosecutor or independent commission to investigate the matter. Nunes on Thursday declined to say if the White House had prodded them to disclose the existence of incidental intelligence surveillance on Trump associates after the election.
“We can't lose sight of the fact that it was our democracy — and not just one candidate or party — that was attacked by a hostile foreign power,” Sen. Jack Reed (D.-R.I.) said in a statement, urging a special prosecutor. “And if Republican insiders further impede this investigation, they will be compromising America's ability to defend itself from future attacks.”
But it's not clear if political will exists at this point in Congress to do so, or to authorize a broader inquiry. Most congressional Republicans are still behind the president, though tempers flared between the White House and the Hill Thursday after lawmakers balked at Trump's plan to revamp healthcare.
Many in the GOP, especially on the House Intelligence Committee, have aimed their fire at the leaks coming from the intelligence community rather than the object of the investigation. A parallel investigation is underway in the Senate Intelligence Committee, and has so far avoided partisan sniping, but both panels face obstacles, including small staffs and dependence on the intelligence community for cooperation in releasing documents and raw intelligence reports.
One big question is whether the White House's efforts to distance itself from, or discredit, what increasingly appears to be a serious investigation will be an inflection point for Republicans. On Thursday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer tried to minimize the role that Manafort played in the campaign, and wouldn't say if any associates of Trump had coordinated with Russia.
“The way that term ‘associates' is thrown around, I don't know what that means,” they said of the former campaign manager. Trump continues to mock on Twitter what they view, in contrast to the intelligence community, as “fake news.”
Several congressional aides from both parties told Foreign Policy that if damaging new evidence emerges, or if public opinion reaches a major tipping point, more Republican lawmakers could begin to distance themselves from Trump over the Kremlin allegations and support the creation of an independent commission to investigate the case.
Republican reticence so far stands in contrast to the position eventually staked out by the GOP during another tectonic presidential scandal.
“The heroes of Watergate were really Republicans, they were Republicans in the House and the Senate who wanted this investigated to the bottom: ‘What did the president know and when did they know it',” former Washington Post reporter Carl Bernstein told CNN. “That's what we're not seeing here. We're not seeing it from the Republicans on the Hill who are consumed by supposedly looking for leaks.”
Granted, the investigation is far from producing conclusive evidence of coordination. U.S. officials told CNN that much of what they have is circumstantial evidence. Uncovering the content of possibly sensitive conversations between Trump advisors and Russian representatives could prove impossible, and any paper trail documenting it may have been erased. Allegations of Trump campaign chair Manafort's financial ties to pro-Russian entities in Ukraine — reported this week by the Associated Press — remain unverified.
“We may never get the satisfying answer that everyone wants. It could remain a mystery that never gets cleared up,” one Republican congressional aide on an intelligence committee, who spoke on condition of anonymity, told FP.
In the meantime, the investigation — and especially leaks to the media — are raising the heat on Manafort, who left the Trump campaign last summer after reports emerged that they had allegedly received payments from a pro-Russian Ukrainian political party close to Putin.
Last week, the New York Times reported that Manafort allegedly hid payments from pro-Russian groups in Ukraine with false invoices. This week, the AP reported that Manafort allegedly worked to advance Russian President Vladimir Putin's agenda in Europe and the United States for $10 million a year from 2006 to 2009, and that the U.S. Treasury is investigating their offshore financial transactions.
Those revelations come shortly after the resignation of Mike Flynn, Trump's former national security adviser, for having misled the White House about their contacts with the Russian ambassador. Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused themselves from Russia-related investigations for misleading Congress about their contacts with the ambassador.
McCain, an outspoken Trump critic and chairperson of the powerful Senate Armed Services Committee, appeared exasperated with the politics threatening to gum up the investigation. They said on Wednesday that Congress had lost the credibility to objectively investigate the Trump camp's Russia ties, and called for the creation of an independent commission.
“I don't say that lightly,” they added.
Photo credit: MOLLY RILEY/Pool/Getty Images
On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015
Takeaway: The GOP's civil war goes public
Finally, the 2012 election is over.
There's a lot to learn from the last two years, and a lot to prepare for in the weeks, months and years ahead. My colleague Maggie Haberman has what is to-date the smartest takeaways from last night's results. My colleage Glenn Thrush offers insights on the limits of the president's victory. BuzzFeed's Ben Smith and Zeke Miller look at the liberal America that the Republican party must adapt to in the wake of historic decisions on gay marriage, marijuana legalizaion, and Obama's new focus on climate change. Informative analysis abounds elsewhere, and there'll be plenty more.
On the media beat, there is just one takeaway: Mitt Romney's loss has taken a very serious, longstanding debate among conservatives about the direction of their party and made it public. Now that it's in the national spotlight, the debate will be intense and ongoing. It will play out on Fox News, the opinion pages of the Wall Street Journal and the Weekly Standard, right-wing talk radio and the conservative blogosphere, as well as in the mainstream media and on the left.
Already, people are taking sides: With the exception of figuring out how to court Hispanics -- which most conservatives understand to be a necessity -- Fox News analyst and conservative columnist Charles Krauthammer insists that there are no structural problems for the GOP, and that the party shouldn't go about dissecting itself to figure out what went wrong. President Obama hardly won a mandate, they argued last night on Fox News, and anyway Mitt Romney wasn't the candidate to best represent the party.
Meanwhile on NBC News, Republican strategist Steve Schmidt urged Republican leaders to stand up against the party's more extremist elements, including Rush Limbaugh and Donald Trump.
"It's got to be shut down," Schmidt said. "It needs to be repudiated by leaders in the party. Conservatism is a serious governing philosophy... it shouldn't be defined by fidelity to all of these crazy statements by talk-radio personalities or reality show hosts who go out and say crazy things."
NBC News anchor Brian Williams even weighed in, calling Limbaugh and Trump "polemicists" who "still get MSM [mainstream media] attention and attention on the left and right."
In the coming weeks, Schmidt will likely be a more assertive voice on this issue, and will appear more often on the liberal MSNBC, where they are a contributor. Meanwhile, Fox News will tap a range of voices from across the spectrum to debate the direction of the party, and more vocal hosts like Bill O'Reilly and Sean Hannity will surely weigh in. Bill Kristol, Peggy Noonan, David Brooks, George Will, Paul Gigot, Rich Lowry, Karl Rove, Krauthammer -- these and other columnists will almost certainly pen pieces about the direction of the party, and Rush Limbaugh, Laura Ingraham, Ann Coulter, Michelle Malkin and others will almost certainly issue firm statements about where they stand. (Look for voices of the left -- Chris Matthews, Rachel Maddow, Frank Rich, Maureen Dowd -- to weigh in as well.)
This isn't a conversation that stays in the spotlight for a week or so. It's a conversation that lasts for months, and more likley years. The 24 months between now and the 2014 midterms are going to be very interesting -- and very important -- for the Republican party.
UPDATE: And just as I go to print, my colleague Jonathan Martin files this.
A bit by qubit, scientists are edging closer to the realm where quantum computers will reign supreme.
IBM is now testing a prototype quantum processor with 50 quantum bits, or qubits, the company announced November 10. That's around the number needed to meet a sought-after milestone: demonstrating that quantum computers can perform specific tasks that are beyond the reach of traditional computers. Unlike standard bits, which represent either 0 or 1, qubits can indicate a combination of the two, using what's called a quantum superposition. This property allows quantum computers to perform certain kinds of calculations more quickly. But because quantum bits are more finicky than standard bits, scaling up is no easy task. Previously, IBM's largest quantum processor boasted 17 qubits.
A race is now on to commercialize quantum computers, making them available to companies that want to solve problems particularly suited to quantum machines, such as designing new materials or speeding up the search for new drugs. IBM also announced a 20-qubit processor that the company plans to make commercially available by the end of 2017. Meanwhile, Google has its own plans to commercialize quantum computers. The company's quantum computing researchers are currently testing a 22-qubit chip and are designing a larger one.
France's biggest bank agreed to pay penalty of $8.9bn for dealing with countries that were the subject of US sanctions
BNP Paribas, France's biggest bank, pleaded guilty to criminal charges and agreed to pay a record-breaking penalty of nearly $8.9bn on Monday for dealing with countries that were the subject of US sanctions.
Prosecutors said the bank had engaged in a "long-term, multi-jurisdictional conspiracy” involving currency trades for clients in Sudan, Iran and Cuba that was known at the highest levels at the company.
The Department of Justice and New York state prosecutors confirmed the agreement minutes after a lawyer for the bank appeared in a Manhattan courtroom to answer one count of falsifying business records, and one count of conspiracy. The bank will appear in a federal courtroom later in the week.
At a press conference, the US attorney for the southern district of New York, Preet Bharara, aclled the bank's actions a "tour de fraud".
The bank's general counsel, Georges Dirani, told the judge that BNP's sanctions violations took place between 2004 and 2012. Prosecutors said senior executives at the bank knew of the activities. “This conduct, this conspiracy was known and condoned at the highest levels of BNP," assistant district attorney Ted Starishevsky told the court.
The New York state banking regulator said it was banning BNP's office in New York from conducting US dollar clearing operations for a year from 1 January 2015. The unprecedented sanction, imposed by the New York State Department of Financial Services, will largely affect BNP's oil and gas finance business.
The regulator also said 13 individuals will leave the bank as part of the settlement, including chief operating officer Georges Chodron de Courcel. Their intention to leave after 42 years was announced in June without any mention of the discussions with US regulators. Other staff face demotions and bonus cuts.
The fine is particularly bruising for BNP Paribas, which escaped the fallout from the 2008 financial crisis relatively unscathed and unlike many rival banks has not paid any fines or other penalties related to the crisis. But after months of discussion and and an intervention by French president François Hollande, the bank agreed to plead guilty to the offences.
The allegations centred on $190bn in transactions that BNP's trade-finance arm in Switzerland processed for countries under US sanctions between 2004 and 2012.
In 2006, Bush administration officials warned foreign banks doing business in the US that they would be punished if they helped the sanctioned countries do business in dollars.
In 2007, BNP's president told employees that the bank would stop doing business with Sudan, Iran and Cuba, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal. Yet regulators allege that BNP continued to deal with the blacklisted countries, and employees hid the transactions using satellite banks as fronts. The bank “placed its financial network at the service of rogue nations to improve its bottom line,” said assistant attorney general Leslie Caldwell on Monday.
The nearly $9bn fine is a sizable one compared to BNP's profits – the bank made $6.5bn in 2013. Caldwell said the fine reflected the transactions that prosecutors believed they could prove were criminal. The penalties are in line with a stronger approach taken more recently by the US attorney general Eric Holder, who said that no bank was “too big to jail,” although no BNP employees in this case are going to prison.
FBI and Department of Justice officials said at Monday's press conference that BNP's penalty was harsher because the bank “hindered” their work. It was “an unprecedented penalty for unprecedented conduct”, Bharara said.
James Cole, deputy attorney general, said BNP shareholders had a responsibility to take a more active role: “The $9bn that's walking out the door today is your money. Until shareholders demand from their boards [of directors] that those boards choose leaders that create a healthy culture of compliance, the money will keep walking out the door.”
The temporary ban on dollar clearing means that BNP's clients must engage rival banks to send transactions through the financial system in the US. The sanction drew mixed reaction from analysts. RBC's Anke Reigen warned it could send ripples through the banking industry. “In our view, a harsh decision on BNP will not come without consequences for financial markets and the banks that still have to go through the same investigation as BNP,” Reigen wrote, mentioning France's Société Générale and Crédit Agricole, Germany's Commerzbank and Italy's UniCredit.
Others maintained that the ban will not have a dramatic effect. Jean-Pierre Lambert, analyst at Keefe Bruyette and Woods, said it would be "operationally feasible; likely to be invisible for [clients]; with limited financial cost for BNP."
Lambert estimated the direct cost of the ban on BNP to be about 40m euros a year, though they did estimate that the indirect cost may include lost clients. “There is a residual risk that some clients may opt to diversify their business away from BNP.”
The fine was the latest against a number of foreign-owned banks in the US but, unusually, the deal included a guilty plea.
Swiss bank Credit Suisse was fined $2.6bn in May 2014 for helping US citizens evade tax, offences to which it also pleaded guilty.
The latest fine surpasses the $1.9bn penalty imposed on HSBC in December 2012 for sanctions-busting and money laundering offences, largely involving Mexican drug barons.
US banks have also faced a number of heavy penalties, including JP Morgan, which reached a record $13bn settlement with the US authorities in November over the sale of home loan bonds. But that sum included $9bn of compensation to settle federal and civil claims over the sale of the bonds.
The BNP Paribas investigation, thought to have begun as long ago as 2007, involved a number of US regulators including the Justice Department and Benjamin Lawsky, the head of the New York department of financial services, which took action against Standard Chartered in 2012. The fine will be split between the agencies.
At the height of the talks, Hollande wrote to Barack Obama to complain that the fine would be disproportionate, and in June, France's foreign minister Laurent Fabius said the fine was not “reasonable”.
There have been concerns that the scale of the fine could weaken the bank by lowering its all-important capital ratios, although Michel Barnier, the European commissioner for financial services, was quoted as saying that they bank “can handle” the fine.
The bank appears to have underestimated the scale of the penalty after taking a provision of $1.1bn only a few months ago to cover the cost of the action by the US authorities, which has already knocked 15% off its share price.
BNP head Jean-Laurent Bonnafe said: "we deeply regret the past misconduct that led to this settlement," but they also stressed the French bank's commitment to remaining in the US where it has a branch network on the West coast.
BNP is setting up a new department in the US called Global Financial Security to ensure it complies with US rules, and will send all dollar transactions through its branch in New York.
From the lush green field inside Bryant-Denny Stadium to the dusty, barren landscape of Iraq.
For Hunter Bush, former walk-on defensive back at the University of Alabama from 2009-13, that was the transition.
Bush was a part of three national championship teams during their years at Alabama. It's not glamorous, the life of a walk-on player, but Bush always sought to be a part of something bigger than himself. Those championship rings are forever mementos of that sacrifice.
Now the Wetumpka native is still part of a team, still giving of themselves for the benefit of something greater. Only this time it's as a sergeant in the U.S. Army in service of their country while stationed in Mosul, Iraq.
“It's honestly one of the best things I can possibly think of that I could be doing with my life,” Bush said. “I get to be a part of a team that's actually making a difference for everything. That's the greatest part about it.”
They enlisted in September 2013, shortly after graduating from UA. Their interest throughout their time in Tuscaloosa was always in medicine. They shadowed doctors, watched them work, and knew that's what they wanted to do.
Serving as a combat medic, Bush now assists in the evacuation of wounded soldiers.
“I'll load up the patients, make sure they're ready to go and get them transported back to the bird (helicopter) to get them flown back to wherever our medical facilities are,” they said.
So far's he's been stationed in Texas, Georgia, North Carolina, Italy and Iraq. A simple mention of Iraq is enough to fill the mind with images of war and conflict. For Bush, who has been in the country since January, it's a rush.
“It's kind of the scariest, most exciting moment of your life,” Bush said. “It's kind of an adrenaline rush most of the time. You get to be around people that you care about and you spend your day to day around them and they become a support system for you. Even when things get rough they're there to watch out for you.
“(It's) stressful, but considering the people I'm here with and how good they are at their jobs, it's really not been that bad honestly. (It's) a lot of highly-skilled people who know what they're doing and they generally take care of us the best they can. They do a great job at it.”
Bush recently re-enlisted in the Army for an additional six years. They hope to attend the military's medical school and eventually practice cardiology.
Football is a game, but Bush's five years in the Alabama football program did help prepare them for the highly-regimented life of a soldier.
“It did. Exponentially actually,” they said. “I got used to being on a schedule. I got used to getting up early, being expected to act like an adult and do the things I was supposed to do without people asking me to do it. It definitely prepared me for it.”
The stories from their gridiron days are popular fodder when he's sitting around talking with their fellow soldiers.
“People talk to me about football all the time, and it was a big deal, especially back in Alabama to say I played football there,” Bush said. “For me, though, being in service to people is more important. I loved every minute of it, being at Alabama, but I'm fulfilling something bigger and being a part of something greater than myself now.”
Reach Aaron Suttles at aaron@tidesports.com or at 205-722-0229.
The Damn Hurry Arch Linux installer provides a quick and easy Arch Linux install with the desktop of your choice. Simply boot into my custom archiso and type 'arch-installer' and you will be in the whiptail program interface.
This installer is intended not only for beginners who want a fresh Arch Linux install without going through the long process of learning the installation. But also for experienced Arch Linux users who wish to simplify and automate the task of installing Arch Linux.
Currently supports the following partitioning methods:
Automatic Partitioning
Automatic LUKS on LVM encryption
Manual Partitioning
Provides a quick and easy Arch Linux install, while still providing you with full control of how you wish to configure your system. This installer is in step with 'The Arch Way' of being simple, light weight, and fast. And comes in 65M smaller than the official archiso! View my project on github:
https://github.com/deadhead420/archlinux/tree/master/arch-installer
Shares 611 Email
Sonic Mania continues to build levels of excitement in our senior staffers not seen since the nineties; we've adored every little element and reveal of what is set to be a fitting homage to Saturn/Genesis/Megadrive-era Sonic, lovingly crafted by the Mania team.
Among many speculations, fans have suggested that Sonic Mania may include animations akin to those book-ending Sonic CD. Last week, our eagle-eyed SSMB members spotted this WIP short animation above, posted and then quickly removed from the tumblr of Max Collins. The scene depicts an exchange between Sonic and one of the yet-to-be-seen Hard Boiled Heavies (the character having only been partially revealed in Mirage Saloon's background). Collins resume includes work for Studio Yotta and Cartoon Network, leading to the postulation that they may have been recruited to develop animations for the game.
While the animation could easily be dismissed as a fan tribute, IndyCotton on the Sonic Retro forums gives even more compelling evidence, by drawing a comparison to the HBH model and the Heavy Gunner silhouette reveal from SXSW, as seen below. This would seem to suggest the artist has heavily inferred the model from this silhouette (including features such as the cape and head crest), or more likely has access to the final character model of this particular HBH (“His Boiled Highness”, perhaps?).
While this is all purely hype and hearsay, we certainly hope there is truth, even if just elements, as this would be a wonderful addition to the game.
As always, Sonic Stadium will keep you up to date on all Mania updates as they happen!
Props to Maxtiis (SSMB) and IndyCotton (Sonic Retro) for their evidence!
Researchers at the Bristol Robotics Laboratory (BRL - alliance between the University of the West of England and University of Bristol) have found a cheap, eco-friendly way to charge future robots.
Researchers have created a device that converts human waste to power EcoBots.
The artificial device that functions similar to a human heart uses artificial muscles made from smart materials called shape memory alloys. The muscles compress the body of the pump (the middle part of the device) and forces the human urine out into the machine's bacterially-driven 'engine room.'
These autonomous waste-driven EcoBot, in future, can be used in areas where there might be dangerous levels of pollution or predators. They also have the ability to 'perform environmental monitoring tasks such as measuring temperature, humidity and air quality, or act as a mobile, distributed sensor network.'
Previous studies have proved that EcoBots can generate energy from rotten fruit, vegetables, dead flies, waste water, sludge and human urine.
"We speculate that in the future, urine-powered EcoBots could perform environmental monitoring tasks such as measuring temperature, humidity and waste water quality. A number of EcoBots could also function as a mobile, distributed sensor network, Lead author of the study Peter Walters, from the Centre for Fine Print Research, said in a statement.
"In the city environment, they could recharge using urine from urinals in public lavatories. In rural environments, liquid waste effluent could be collected from farms."
Explaining the functioning of the device the team said that when the artificial muscles get heated with an electric current, they compress a soft region in the centre of the heart-pump and cause the fluid to eject through a channel, which is then pumped up to reach the EcoBot's fuel cells.
Dr Ioannis Ieropoulos from the BRL said that the technology used to generate electricity from Microbial Fuel Cells (MFCs) to power a mobile phone, is being employed in the device. The artificial heart has 24 MFCs. The cells are bio-electrochemical transducers that convert the energy found in organic matter to electricity. Live microorganisms that are present inside the MFCs digest waste organic matter like urine and generate low-level power as a by-product, along with carbon dioxide.
"The artificial muscles are then cooled and returned to their original shape when the electric current was removed, causing the heart-pump to relax and prompting fluid from a reservoir to be drawn in for the next cycle," the team said.
The device has been tested and the results have been presented Thursday, Nov. 8, in IOP Publishing's journal 'Bioinspiration and Biomimetics'.
Osborne sacked. Clegg a Brussels commissioner. Riots a way of life. Let's hope it won't happen - but a historian imagines the worst case scenario for... Britain in 2015
The date is Wednesday, May 6, 2015. Tomorrow, after five years in ­Downing Street, David Cameron will face the verdict of the British people.
It was a premiership that began with such high hopes, with such great expectations of change — but it turned out very differently from how any of us had imagined.
When Mr Cameron votes in their Oxfordshire constituency, using the controversial ­Alternative Vote system for the first time, perhaps their mind will go back to the week it all began to change. For in the space of just a few days in November 2010, there were the first real signs of the turmoil to come.
Anarchy: Such scenes could become common in 2015
First came the warning from Admiral Lord West that defence cuts carried the risk of ‘national humiliation', not least in the ­Falkland Islands — or as we will soon be ­calling them, the Malvinas.
Then there was the Prime Minister's trip to China, now unquestionably the world's most dynamic power.
And finally there was the Battle of Millbank, where student anarchists stormed the Tory Party headquarters — a violent outbreak of social unrest that is commonplace in 2015, but which was shocking five years ago.
One obvious change since 2010 is that Mr Cameron goes into tomorrow's election ­without their right-hand man. Nick Clegg lasted only four years as Deputy Prime Minister before a Lib Dem revolt, orchestrated by Menzies Campbell and Charles Kennedy, pushed them out of the party leadership.
Now, Mr Clegg is back in their familiar ­Brussels stamping ground as vice president of the European Commission.
And although the Lib Dems pulled out of the Coalition in 2014 and ­scuttled off to their backbench ­comfort zone, leaving the Tories to soldier on as a minority government, opinion polls suggest that even their leader, Vince Cable, will lose their seat at the election.
The truth is that the Lib Dems never survived the humiliation of reneging on their manifesto ­promise of phasing out university fees.
When tuition bills rose in 2013, it was not only students but hundreds of ­thousands of middle-class parents, faced with huge fees for their ­children's education, who howled with fury.
Interesting times: David Cameron could spend much of the next five years on overseas trips
In the past few months, both Oxford and Cambridge have unveiled plans to leave the state system and charge full, American-style fees, ­confident they will attract thousands of foreign students.
Meanwhile, seven former ­polytechnics went bust in the past year alone. On their windswept ­campuses, there is no sadder sight than the abandoned science labs, the boarded-up windows covered with anarchist graffiti.
But boarded-up windows are a common sight in 2015.
Faced with gigantic debts after Gordon Brown's spending spree and the bailouts of Northern Rock and the Royal Bank of Scotland, the then Chancellor George Osborne took the bold gamble in 2010 to slash £81billion in public spending over four years — the biggest cuts in modern history.
Even Osborne themselves admitted that half a million public sector jobs would have to go, but they were ­confident the private sector would take up the slack. What they had not bargained for, though, was the ­implosion of the eurozone just a few months later.
When Ireland was forced to go to the International Monetary Fund in December 2010 for mammoth loans, the shock sent ripples throughout Europe. As German voters reacted with fury at the prospect of yet another bailout, the world economy began to tip back into recession.
Test of endurance: Will Nick Clegg be able to keep work with the Conservatives for the next five years?
And with turmoil in the Middle East pushing up petrol prices, Britain's businesses had their worst festive season since the Seventies. By the spring of 2011, five major High Street chains had followed earlier casualties such as Woolworths and Borders into administration.
Today, we are still living with the consequences of the economic ­holocaust.
Unemployment hit three million in early 2011 and four million a year later. On almost every street corner you can see the consequences: bored, listless young men, their eyes devoid of hope.
Although George Osborne stuck to their guns, they had not bargained for their close friend David Cameron's ruthless self-­interest. After a string of byelection ­disasters, the Prime Minister sacked them in the summer of 2013.
Their replacement was the more emollient Michael Gove, who promptly changed course and announced a new dose of ­quantitative easing, printing money to boost the economy in time for the election. Having left Cabinet, Osborne made a savage speech in the Commons, warning of looming inflation.
As for poor Iain Duncan Smith, their ­welfare reforms were initially applauded as the most daring since the days of William Beveridge, the founding father of the welfare state, back in the Forties. The tragedy, though, was that they came years too late. With unemployment ­rising quickly, the cost of benefits rocketed.
So out Duncan Smith went, too, another victim of the Prime ­Minister's obsession with their public image. In their place as Welfare Secretary, Mr Cameron appointed Lib Dem Danny Alexander — which meant they had the unlikely distinction of being the only man to hold four different ­Cabinet posts in as many years.
Perhaps it is not surprising that ­Cameron has spent so much time abroad. Here, too, though, the ­contrast between image and reality has been painfully apparent.
For the truth is that Britain now cuts a sadly reduced figure on the world stage. For all the Prime Minister's efforts to court Barack Obama with gifts of trendy ­wellington boots and fashionable street art, they never bargained for the fact they were wooing a one-term President.
Many of Obama's old allies have still never forgiven Hillary Clinton for their stunning political coup, when they resigned as Secretary of State, challenged them successfully for the Democratic nomination and ­annihilated Sarah Palin in America's first all-female presidential election.
Downing Street, too, was taken aback — and was even more appalled when Mrs Clinton chose not London but Paris for their first presidential trip.
But who could blame her? After the disaster of the 2012 Olympics — overcrowded trains, the unfinished athletes' village, the debacle of ­competitors unable even to get into the stadium because of the endless security scares — Britain's ­international standing has never been lower.
One to watch: America could have its first woman president by 2015
Thanks to the deep defence cuts unveiled five years ago, it is no ­wonder that the Argentine ­government, buffeted by its own ­economic crisis, decided to regain some domestic popularity by ­stepping up its attempts to recover the Falklands and the surrounding waters. Some of us hoped Mr ­Cameron would stand up to the ­Buenos Aires government.
But when Mrs Clinton insisted they ‘see reason', that was the end of the matter. In 2020, on the 200th ­anniversary of the original Argentine claim on the islands, the Falklands will become the Malvinas — and there is nothing the outraged ­islanders can do about it.
It is not Washington, though, but Beijing that feels like the centre of the world in 2015. The red flag now flutters from the Sahara to the Indian Ocean as, every day, thousands of African ­labourers scratch out copper and cobalt for the ravenous, smoke-wreathed metropolises of ­booming China.
Every day, Chinese cargo ships head east across the Indian Ocean, bringing timber, diamonds and oil back to the mother country. And on the return journey, they carry assault rifles, mortars and fighter planes, destined for the civil wars in Egypt, the Sudan, the Congo and Zimbabwe.
Centre of the world: China will become increasingly influential economically in the next five years
Across the developing world, regimes compete to capture Beijing's eye. Those deemed friendly, such as the apparently indestructible Islamic regime in Iran, bask in the warmth of Chinese aid. For other countries, there always used to be Washington — but these days, absorbed in a ­bitter struggle with the Tea Party, the Hillary Clinton administration cares little about the rest of the planet.
In the meantime, bloody fighting continues between the government and Islamist rebels in Pakistan, where law and order have broken down completely. And although it has been ten years now since the last major attack on British soil, the recent Al Qaeda atrocities in Rome and ­Marseilles were a chilling reminder of the ­consequences of complacency.
All the time, the expansion of the European Union proceeds apace. Under 2014's Budapest Treaty, we handed over yet more powers to ­Brussels, even signing up to a new integrated European Border Force.
That was too much for some Tories — but such is David Cameron's grip over their backbenchers that David Davis's brave, lonely leadership ­challenge got nowhere.
No wonder, then, that UKIP is riding so high in the polls, with some experts thinking their share of the vote might reach double figures in ­tomorrow's ­election. The real shock, though, is the resurgence of the BNP, which performed ­abysmally in 2010 but saw its fortunes boosted once Britain re-entered recession.
Bradford, Blackburn and Burnley have still not recovered from the terrible rioting in the summer of 2012, when far-Right activists and Islamic ­radicals clashed on High Streets across the north of England. Sadly, though, violent clashes have become the norm over the past few years.
It all started with the riot outside Millbank Tower, but that now seems a vicarage tea party compared with what was to come. The first ­Winter of ­Discontent in 2010-11 was bad enough; the second, a year later, was even worse.
As public sector workers walked out on strike, encouraged by Labour MPs, every evening TV news bulletin brought new pictures of fighting between demonstrators and police. Even now, few weeks pass without another strike on the London ­Underground, in our schools or even in our ­hospitals. Sometimes it feels less like 2015 and more like 1974.
No wonder, then, that David Cameron's star has dimmed considerably since that love-in with Nick Clegg in the Downing Street rose garden five years ago.
First we had to endure the spectacle of their ­personal photographer on the public payroll. Then it was revealed they had employed (at ­taxpayers' expense) a personal barber; then a masseur; then, almost incredibly, a manicurist.
At the Tory grassroots, discontent has been mounting. Liberal commentators like to scoff at the Mad Hatters movement, which was set up after the success of the American Tea Party.
But they are wrong to underestimate such a widely supported movement. In their fury at ­Britain's eclipse abroad, their outrage at the ­violence on the streets and their horror at the obsession with style in Downing Street, the Mad Hatters merely reflect the feelings of millions of middle-class voters.
But David Cameron has always been a lucky ­politician. They could hardly have found a more ­lacklustre opponent, for example, than Labour's Ed Miliband, whose feeble Commons ­performances have had their MPs groaning for the past five years.
Back to the future: Many blames Labour Primer Minister Gordon Brown for our current woes. Would Ed Miliband be more effective as the country's leader?
Even when Mr Miliband tried to assert their ­authority last year, sacking their rebellious Shadow Home Secretary Ed Balls, the move backfired — because their Shadow Foreign Secretary, Yvette Cooper (Balls's wife), promptly walked out, too. Not since the days of Michael Foot and Tony Benn, in fact, have Labour gone into a general election so divided and so hopeless.
Of course, Britain in 2015 has its pleasures. Since winning the Ashes in Australia four years ago, our cricketers have never looked back. The great ­football implosion during which many top ­Premier League clubs, such as Manchester United, went bankrupt means the game is much more ­competitive — as proved by Bristol City becoming this year's champions.
And now that Tony Blair is a U.S. citizen, at least the rest of us can forget they ever existed — even though the consequences of their wasted years in office are still all around us.
As for the ordinary, hard-working families of ­Britain, the past five years seem to have been an unending slog, the bills steadily mounting, the pressures ever greater.
Occasionally there have been signs that we are on the right track; occasionally, it seems there is light at the end of the tunnel. But the phrase that comes to mind is that old Chinese curse: ‘May you live in interesting times.'
And as Britain falls farther from the first rank of world politics, as the riots continue and the pound collapses, I cannot help wishing that life in 2015 was just a little less interesting.
BY: Follow @FBillMcMorris
The Texas chapter of one of the nation's most powerful unions filed for bankruptcy after losing a multi-million dollar lawsuit for its smear campaign against a Houston janitorial company.
A jury ordered Service Employees International Union Texas, also known as SEIU District Five, to pay Professional Janitorial Service of Houston $7.8 million in September for making false claims about the company during a campaign to rally support from workers and local activists.
A Texas judge rejected the union's request for a mistrial on November 15 and ordered it to hand over files associated with the case to the company for discovery.
The union said that filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection reflects the best interests of its members given the costly judgement.
"This filing ensures that our union will remain open for business, representing members at the bargaining table and maintaining the vital role the union plays in helping to work Houstonians have a voice at work, protecting them from unfair employers, and building a better future for their families," SEIU Texas President Elsa Caballero said in a statement. "Bankruptcy is a common process provided under the law to protect organizations—such as corporations, non-profits, unions etc.—and allows us to seek temporary relief from our debt while we continue to pursue our appeal of an unfair judgment."
Brent Southwell, the CEO of the janitorial company, said it plans to continue seeking information from the union to ensure that it is not hiding money to dodge the jury award. They said the company could pursue action against the union's national office, which has more than 1.5 million members, if the Texas branch is not able to pay the judgment.
"The SEIU won't escape its fate after attacking my company," Southwell said in a press release. "We will keep this process going for as long as the SEIU wants, first by making them reveal their secrets and then by making the union's Washington, D.C., office pay for its sins."
The union's national office did not return a request for comment about the lawsuit or the resulting bankruptcy.
SEIU Texas was formed by workers from the Chicago-based SEIU Local 1, which sent organizers to the state to rally employees in the janitorial and service sectors to join the union. Those organizers waged a three-year organizing campaign to pressure PJS into accepting card check unionization rather than a secret ballot election organized by the National Labor Relations Board, the top federal labor arbiter. The union filed 19 unfair labor practice complaints to the NLRB over the course of its campaign, a popular delaying and pressure tactic utilized by union organizers. All of those complaints were dismissed or withdrawn.
The janitorial company filed its initial suit in 2007 and was awarded over $5.3 million in damages by a jury. On September 26, a district judge ordered the union to hand over an additional $2.5 million for interest accrued during the lengthy legal proceedings. The company said in a release that a bankruptcy declaration does not allow the union to duck the jury's decision about the cost of its actions.
"The jury determined SEIU owes PJS a lot of money, and there is no way they can pretend to be broke based on what we now know," PJS President Floyd Mahanay said in a statement. "The only question is how long they want to drag this out while we make sure every business in Texas joins our cause."
The union said it is confident the court's decision will be reversed on appeal.
"The judgment must be overturned because, among other things, it violates the free speech rights of workers and their advocates throughout Texas. We are confident that the Court of Appeal will reverse this anti-worker court ruling," Caballero said.
Lightweight prospect Terence Crawford will return to action on the October 5 HBO broadcast, which will be headlined by Miguel Cotto at a venue to be named in Florida, possibly Marlins Stadium in Miami or the Amway Center in Orlando.
Crawford (21-0, 16 KO) made their HBO debut on March 30, outpointing Breidis Prescott. They returned on June 15, stopping Alejandro Sanabria in six rounds. They haven't stood out as any type of action star, but he's got obvious talent that promoters believe will make them a long-term contender and possibly champion at 135, 140, and maybe beyond.
The 25-year-old Crawford has no opponent, but it wouldn't be surprising to see them stay at about the same level he's been at against Prescott and Sanabria, and there's really nothing wrong with that. There's certainly no rule that says you have two fights at one level and immediately start hunting the big game, and Crawford is young enough, and Top Rank has high enough hopes for their future, that taking it at a leisurely pace may be the most probable course.
Or maybe he'll fight a titleholder or something, I don't know.
Who would you like to see Crawford face on October 5?
Saudi Arabia's religious police are encouraging women to cycle, but not to go anywhere: they must be in parks, covered up, accompanied by a male relative
"Get on your bike" is a political refrain for ever associated with Norman Tebbit and unemployment in the 1980s Britain, but will it do anything for Saudi Arabia? The country's religious police are now said to be encouraging women to get on their bikes – even motorised versions. Riyadh paper Al-Yawm reports the news of their two-wheeled liberation as if it were some kind of enlightened breakthrough in the social order of a notoriously misogynist state. The deceit is that women, who were always banned from bicycles and motorbikes, are now going places – alone and even under their self-generated power.
In fact, the "unnamed official" who made the announcement added that women will be allowed to pedal only around parks and other "recreational areas". They will also have to be dressed in full Islamic body coverings, and – in a darkly comic stipulation that evokes images of tandems – they will have to be accompanied by a male relative. So cycling alone, and indeed towards possible gainful employment, will remain illegal, along with voting, many sports, and a host of other basic activities many would consider a human right.
Ever since the Arab spring of 2011, and later the warm reception given to Sarah Attar when they became the first Saudi female athlete to compete in the 2012 Olympics, there has been a growing feeling that women's rights in the Middle East are undergoing some kind of breakthrough.
In reality, strict male guardianship and an ultraconservative interpretation of Islam ensure women can use their bikes only "for entertainment", according to the official who spoke to Al-Yawm. In other words, if they are thinking of going anywhere – least of all, as Tebbit suggested, to get a job – they should forget it.
Spread the love
Ignorantia juris non excusat – ignorance of the law excuses no one
Traverse City, MI — If the average citizen was caught running a racketeering scam to defraud the citizens of a town out of their hard earned money, they would go to jail. They would be arrested and thrown in a cage; even if they claimed they “didn't know it was illegal.”
However, if you are the sheriff, the head honcho responsible for enforcing the law, you can and will avoid all accountability when you say, “I didn't know it was illegal.”
Sheriff Tom Bensley of the Grand Traverse County Sheriff's Department did exactly that after they were caught rewarding deputies for writing tickets.
A construction zone on U.S. 31 did not allow drivers to make left turns, so many of the were cutting through a nearby parking lot.
Bensley likely saw this opportunity as shooting fish in a bucket. They then sent an email to their department explaining to deputies that if they wrote five tickets in this area, they would receive a day off.
“We thought this was a good method to catch people that were violating the law and to see if that incentive would produce some results,” said Sheriff Bensley.
It is widely known across the country that offering an incentive or punishment for the number of citations or arrests an individual officer issues or makes is illegal. However, this sheriff, the man elected to be the supreme enforcer of the town's laws, claims they didn't know they were doing anything wrong.
“An officer cannot be required to issue a specific number of tickets either as part of continued employment or part of a performance evaluation,” said Grand Traverse County Prosecutor, Bob Cooney when asked about the system. “An officer cannot be offered a fee for issuing citations.”
When Bensley was confronted about their illegal racket, their defense was that they didn't know they were doing anything wrong.
“It's our bad and we're owning up to it,” said Sheriff Bensley.
Except he's not owning up to it. If they were to truly “own up to it,” they would turn themselves in for violating the law and step down as sheriff. That is “owning up.” Instead, they escape any accountability whatsoever and the prosecutor has vowed not to pursue charges.
Fortunately, however, the money stolen from the citizens who were caught in the incentive based racketeering scandal will be refunded.
VANCOUVER — By allowing B.C. Regional Chief, Jody Wilson-Raybould to run as a Liberal candidate, the Assembly of First Nations is openly inviting a funding cut by the federal Tories, according to a dire warning circulated to AFN executives by a former senior advisor with the organization.
“The AFN should not be seen to be financing any political party, directly or indirectly,” wrote Kenneth Young, a former advisor to AFN national chief Phil Fontaine, in a Tuesday letter provided to the National Post.
“This … must be dealt with or else it might be expected the Conservative government will take action against the organization in the form of withholding any financial obligations it might have with the AFN.”
While there is no evidence of any Conservative plan to defund the AFN over Liberal ties, the sharply worded letter is the latest from within First Nations political circles to criticize Ms. Wilson-Raybould for upsetting what has traditionally been a staunchly non-partisan organization.
Wednesday, the Department of Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development told the Post they had no plans to slash AFN funding over a regional chief's election plans.
“Ms. Wilson-Raybould's political affiliations are not a relevant factor in determining funding agreements with the AFN,” said a department spokesperson Erika Meekes.
According to the Assembly of First Nation's 2014 financial statements, the organization received $10-million of its $16-million budget from Aboriginal Affairs, with the remainder coming mostly from other federal agencies.
Last month, Ms. Wilson-Raybould accepted an invitation from Liberal leader Justin Trudeau to run in the newly created riding of Vancouver-Granville.
While they intend to take a leave of absence during the campaign, Ms. Wilson-Raybould will keep their job as regional chief until the writ drops — and is expected to resume their duties if they lose at the polls.
Within hours, the news prompted Isadore Day, chief of the 1,300-member Serpent River First Nation, to complain in a letter to AFN national chief Ghislain Picard “fiscal resources are funding a formally announced candidate.”
Although Ms. Wilson-Raybould is one of 11 members of the AFN executive, they are elected by British Columbia's 203 First Nations.
Therefore, any question of their future with the AFN “is a matter for determination by B.C. leadership,” Mr. Picard wrote in a reply to Chief Day.
“This is the business of the BC Chiefs and, it is important that other individuals … focus on their home communities and not interfere with the business of other First Nations,” Maureen Chapman, a representative with the Board of Directors for the B.C. Assembly of First Nations, told the Post by email.
For now, B.C. chiefs appear to be backing the former Crown prosecutor's decision to keep their job until the writ drops.
Grand Chief Doug Kelly, president of B.C.'s Sto:lo Tribal Council, said they are “not at all concerned” with Ms. Wilson-Raybould being able to avoid any conflicts of interest.
“The [B.C. regional chief] is accountable to the 200+ chiefs in British Columbia; they are not accountable to the Liberal Party,” said Mr. Kelly.
The [B.C. regional chief] is accountable to the 200+ chiefs in British Columbia; they are not accountable to the Liberal Party
“Jody knows that; Jody knows who put them in office.”
Ernie Crey, an advisor to the Sto:lo Tribal Council and a veteran Aboriginal rights activist, said Ms. Wilson-Raybould is simply being maligned by the same crowd of “old warhorses” in the AFN that drove out National Chief Shawn Atleo over their perceived friendly ties to Prime Minister Stephen Harper.
Even with the election 14 months away, Ms. Wilson-Raybould's Liberal candidacy has nevertheless made them a key target of Conservative attacks, particularly over their opposition to the new First Nations Financial Transparency Act.
In a recent statement, Bernard Valcourt, the aboriginal affairs minister, denounced them as a Liberal “star candidate” supporting efforts to keep finances “hidden from [First Nations] communities and from Canadian taxpayers.”
National Post
FERGUSON, Missouri — Among the protesters in Ferguson, Missouri, a small group is causing most of the trouble, drawing attention away from the death of unarmed teenager Michael Brown and toward the captivating images of tear gas smoke, fleeing residents and cops in battle gear that have become part of a huge international news story.
On Monday night the agitators had their way once again.
Joey Johnson, a member of the Revolution Club of Chicago, did their best to incite a violent reaction from police not far from a group of men who worked to hold back others. After hours of walking in long, oval circles on sidewalks along West Florissant Avenue, (protesters weren't allowed in the road by police until their numbers grew too great) a group of about 1,000 marchers approached a line of police in newly fallen darkness. Once there, in front of the largest gathering of media yet, some from the community worked to prevent confrontation. Johnson worked to do the opposite.
There was a scuffle near the front line of police in SWAT gear that nearly prompted the violent reaction many have come to expect after this chaotic week, and Johnson was in the middle of it. When they came out, Antonio French, a St. Louis alderman who has been documenting the protests and was arrested for “unlawful assembly,” was standing over Johnson. French did not look pleased.
The Revolution Club of Chicago, in concert with the Revolutionary Communist Party, has been in Ferguson since at least Wednesday. They aren't the only ones who have been aggressive with police, but, perhaps as a response to the arrest of two of its members Monday afternoon, Johnson felt they had a point to make.
But they aren't the only one. The night once again ended in smoky chaos as a small group of protesters egged on police to the point of reaction. Some in that group were clearly outsiders. Others were young men from the area, their faces covered in bandanas, ready for anonymous rampage.
Ronald Harris, who lives not far from Ferguson Market and Liquor, considers themselves part of the younger generation despite their 41 years. They said there are two groups of local protesters, divided by age.
“The older group, they're all about prayers and peaceful marching. [They can] come out and March until their feet turn to blisters, but at night, keep your women and children at home,” they said, adding that the violence and clashes with police over the past week have been seen as acceptable among their friends. “Our generation is the one getting pulled over by police, getting harassed by police, getting killed by police.
“We're out here every day.”
And they'll continue to be.
“People are tired of this system of oppression,” they said.
That system, Harris said, on Monday extended to when, where and how protesters were allowed express their displeasure with police.
RELATED: Missouri Protest Descends into Chaos (PHOTOS)
Monday brought even more restrictions for protest zone than has existed since Brown's death last Saturday. And while police have rightfully been criticized for their heavy-handed approach to the protests that have gone on since Brown's death, the intelligence they've gathered regarding some of the more riotous protesters has been correct. Those who wish to do physical harm to law enforcement are small in number, and subversive in tactics.
Eric Dix of the Revolutionary Communist Party was among them. “I have an ironic problem,” they said. “I can't stand on my own two feet. I have to keep moving.” Hundreds of other protesters also had to keep moving or face arrest, so they marched. They went up and down Florissant, where demonstrations were at first riotous, then jubilant after a security takeover by Capt. Ron Johnson and their Missouri State Highway Patrol, and finally violent again, with residents and protesters fleeing from police tear gas and rubber bullets on Saturday, Sunday and Monday.
Still, the residents of Ferguson who have been enraged over Brown's killing went home Monday night without getting what they wanted: the arrest and indictment of the officer who shot and killed Brown, Darren Wilson.
“We want Darren Wilson,” some shouted at police just before the multiple rounds of tear gas that ended Monday night's protest were fired.
The police tactics employed Monday night were to control and contain, although there was no sign of the National Guard. Protesters were restricted to sidewalks, and journalists once again were confined to an area derisively referred to as “the playpen,” an area that included the parking lot of Ferguson Market and Liquor and a patch of grass in front of the McDonald's where last week police pulled a catch and release on reporters Wesley Lowery and Ryan Reilly. The threats to members of the media continued Monday, culminating with the arrest and release of Getty Images photographer Scott Olson. At the QuikTrip gas station, broadcast news crews were told to leave Monday afternoon, and later in the evening CNN's Don Lemon was threatened with arrest while reporting live.
The handling of the press, while increased in its forcefulness in the last two days, is consistent with the media's treatment over the past week. Ostensibly for their own safety, police at times have refused access to the main protest zone, threatening arrest if journalists are found behind the lines.
But as the tear gas canisters were being fired Monday night, the number of protesters was nearly equaled by photographers in gas masks and smartphone-wielding reporters. Once again the focus of Tuesday's papers and late Monday news stories focused on the sideshow, and not the burning questions surrounding the death of a young man who would have entered their second week of college today.
Free Will Revisited is a book by Robert E Picirilli, a Free Will Baptist theologian and professor emeritus of Greek and New Testament studies at Free Will Baptist College. As the title suggests, the book is a respectful response to the writings of Martin Luther, John Calvin, and Jonathan Edwards on the topic of free will, coming from an Arminian perspective. The book was enjoyable to read. It is informative, generous, and fair in its treatment of the views of each of these three theological giants. Picirilli explains the motivations and type of arguments that each make, their similarities and their differences. And they contrast those views of free will with those from a Classical / Reformational Arminian perspective.
The book is 134 pages long. It's easy to understand, and can be read over the period of a few evenings. One thing I appreciate about Picirilli's style is that their writing is accessible to the lay person. They take the time to define the issues in easy to understand terms, and doesn't speak over the average person's head.
The book is broken into four parts, which I will review below.
Part 1 is about defining the issues. What is free will? Picirilli defines it as the power of alternative choice or libertarian freedom. “This means that the choice or decision is one that really could go either way; that the person is neither compelled by some force outside nor shut up from within by previous condition or experience, so that only one alternative can actually be chosen.
How do worldviews (both naturalistic and theological) relate to free will? Is it part of being created in the image of God? Is it compatible with theological determinism? This is “the view that everything that happens in the universe, including the apparently free choices of human beings, comes about as a result of the fact that God, before the foundation of the world deliberately decreed everything that will transpire as part of their all inclusive plan.”
Most importantly for the Christian, is free will biblical? Picrilli argues that it is, and goes in depth into a number of passages that address it. One argument that I found compelling here was related to the many “ifs” of the Bible. They write, “There are many ifs in the Bible, and they often set alternatives before us. These alternatives are the way freedom of choice is expressed.” Picirilli also uses the term “the sweet winds of grace” to explain how we can choose what God sets before us. Because of our sinful depravity we don't have the ability to choose God on our own. It is the winds of Grace from God that enable us.
Part 2 is the case against free will. What are the arguments of Luther, Calvin, and Edwards against free will?
Luther's work, “On the Bondage of the Will”, was written in response to Erasmus. Luther always tied their argumentation to scripture. They argued that God foreknows of necessity. This means in Luther's view, God's foreknowledge and their plans of predestination prevent free will. They also compared humanity's will to that of a horse with a rider. The rider could be either God or Satan, but either way the horse is controlled by an outside influence.
Calvin's work, like Luther's was written in response to another – Albert Pighius. Whereas Luther focused on scripture for their argumentation, Calvin focused on the church fathers – particularly Augustine. Calvin also believed that Adam and Eve had genuine free will, which was lost at the fall. Calvin also had less of a focus on the roll of Satan and the roll of God's foreknowledge than Luther did.
Edwards work, unlike Calvin and Luther, was not written against any person in particular, but against “Arminians” in general. Edwards used the rationalistic method in their argumentation, which “seeks for indisputable (self-evident) truths and then attempts to draw out whatever is necessarily and logically implied by them.” For Edwards every person does what they do by necessity, due to “cause and effect”. And this cause and effect regresses all the way back to God, who is the original cause. It is meaningless to speak of free will, because a person is created, and is tied to the cause and effect relationships of everything that came before. In Edwards view, sin was inevitable even for Adam.
Part 3 addresses the major issues. What is the Arminian response to the arguments of Luther, Calvin, and Edwards?
First, what is the relation of free will to God's foreknowledge and necessity? In contrast to Open Theists, Ariminans believe (as do Calvinists), that God has exhaustive knowledge of the future. Picirilli makes a distinction between necessity (has to be), contingency (does not have to be), and certainty (will be). Something can be necessary and certain, or it can be contingent and certain. But it can't be necessary and contingent. The fact that something will be a certain way does not mean it has to be that way. So then, God can know the future exhaustively without exhaustively causing it. Knowledge of a fact is not the cause of a fact.
And what about Total Depravity? Again, Arminians agree with their Calvinist brothers. Picirilli writes that, “I am satisfied that depravity is real and total. I am equally satisfied that it does not finally negate the freedom of the will.” This is because of Prevenient grace, God's initiating grace that draws us. “As depraved as one is, they are still a person, a human being in the image of God. Sinners are spiritually blind, but the Word and the Spirit can bring them to see the truth of the gospel….the Spirit and the Word can persuade a person of the truths needed for that person to be able to receive the gift of salvation offered in the gospel.”
How does God's sovereignty and providence relate to free will? Sovereignty means that God is in control and does as they please. Control does not mean that God causes everything, but it means they know about everything, provides a means for everything, and fits everything into their perfect plan. Picirilli notes that “if God sovereignly ordained that humans had free will, then their exercise of it in no way encroaches on their sovereignty.” Providence “is the activity of God in caring for and governing the universe in accord with their unfailing purpose”. A distinction made here is that “God does not concur with the sinner in their sin, else we would make God themselves a sinner.” God made Adam and Eve capable of sin, but they did not put them in a circumstance where they had to sin.
And what about Edward's logic of cause and effect? Picrilli argues that Edward's frames their argumentation against free will in a way that no advocate really believes – that it is always a two part thing, a cause and effect, and a choice must always be caused. This definition allows Edwards to make their “infinite regression” argument, but it's not how human choices really work. We choose. We don't choose to choose. Picirili also writes that “One of the powers of the human psyche is to “originate” ideas, and to translate those ideas into actions…” Not everything we do and think comes from a previous cause. Secondly, the “infinite regression” argument is ultimately invalid because each person is created by a “self existent Creator-God”. God created us, and that's why we can make choices.
Part 4 is the conclusion, in five major points.
First, the sovereignty of God is strong, if not stronger in a world where humans have the power to make choices.
Second, human depravity prevents us from seeking God. However, God has broken into our world and provided their son for the atonement of our sins. The preaching of the Word and the power of the Holy Spirit enables us to choose Christ.
Third, we are saved by faith, and this does not diminish God's grace or glory. “A person's accepting the gift contributes nothing to the work, and subtracts nothing from the giver”.
Fourth, God's foreknowledge of the future does not contradict free will, because foreknowledge is knowledge in advance, not foreordination.
Fifth, the laws of cause and effect don't contradict free will. The exercise of the mental will is more than a mechanical cause and effect, because they come from persons. Persons originate thoughts and volition.
——————————————————————————————————
Disclosure: I was provided a copy of the book, and agreed to write a review.
For Bitcoin to Thrive
Alex Kawas Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 11, 2013
Imagine it's the summer of 2007 again and Twitter is growing way faster than their infrastructure can handle. This is what Twitter use sounded and felt like back then:
"Check out this picture of my awesome lunch!" Oops fail whale. "Oh great, it's back up." Damnit, fail whale again. For a week?! "Whoa I'm getting SMS flooded by old tweets, but at least Twitter's finally back up!"
Repeat for the next couple years as they restructure for growth tolerance.
Immediately after Twitter would come back up, everybody would complain about the fail whale, on Twitter, of course, spiking tweet volume and causing another string of fail whales, the infamous indicator of a server error (typically the inability to serve the requested content in a reasonable amount of time).
Yesterday's Bitcoin crash and today's continued freefall (until MtGox's trade freeze) is largely a result of MtGox trade volumes tripling this week. Their trade queues filled up, leading to trades taking longer to execute, leading to a liquidity panic as people started to question their ability to get money out of Bitcoin if the bubble were to burst. Yes, Bitcoin's value crashed because of *overwhelming* demand.
This is not supposed to happen to a currency or even a commodity. (Though I hear it used to happen to gold in the early days.) This is not an economic problem, it's a technology infrastructure problem.
We're starting to see what happened to Twitter happen in currency form and people are complaining about downtime using the same platform that's captured their attention and imagination. This time, it's with the most effective means they have of communicating their dissatisfaction. It's with their Bitcoin wallets. In their panic and confusion, people are selling as fast as they can. And just like the situation progressed with Twitter, it's going to get worse before it gets better as Bitcoin exponentially increases in popularity.
During Twitter's growing pains, many tech-savvy Twitter early adopters had called for a decentralized, open source equivalent that anybody could run on their own and link up to everybody or anybody else running an instance, creating an ad-hoc mesh network of status updates that would allow dynamic routing of messages around dead instances and kill the fail whale once and for all. Evan Prodromou would do just that with StatusNet.
Bitcoin needs decentralization for basic financial services, like exchanges, to survive this mania and eventually thrive as a currency. If MtGox's monopoly persists, we'll be left with a single point of vulnerability that can be attacked to undermine Bitcoin's stability and people's trust in the currency's liquidity and longevity, on demand.
These are not new warnings. This crash was not a surprise. It will happen again. There won't just be another liquidity crisis, there will be repeated events unless something changes. The ripples may not be as severe as this crash, but the volatility will nonetheless threaten the long-term viability of all cryptocurrencies.
The irony is Bitcoin was designed to be decentralized. Bitcoin was designed to counter a known fragility of monopolies. But us mere humans have unwittingly and collectively supported the creation of a central monopoly on top of Bitcoin in order to facilitate entry to and egress from the market of Bitcoin as a commodity.
It wasn't always like this. As recent as 2011, there were significant competitors to MtGox, but with the long lull, the major ones have since thrown in the towel or pivoted to offering different services. The small piece of the exchange market MtGox hasn't captured is highly fragmented into many local, currency-specific exchanges. This situation is untenable if Bitcoin, or any other cryptocurrency for that matter, is to thrive.
This is the part where, and I'm trying to keep this short, I'm supposed to dramatically lay out a specific proposal to save Bitcoin and its brethren. All I've got time for is hope there's cryptographer-equivalents to Evan Prodromou and gang out there who deeply appreciate the problem and who'll design a secure and open standard protocol (analogous to StatusNet's OStatus) and build a free and open-source distributed market-making platform for cryptocurrencies, probably reusing some of the same cryptographic protocols in Bitcoin itself. It could be a stand-alone piece of software or integrated into the Bitcoin client or perhaps even the start of a meta-cryptocurrency client.
Are you up to the challenge?
Product description
Note: Requires Kindle Fire HD or better.
Snap parts together to build your airplane's body. Place engines to add thrust. Design the wings, and then strap yourself into the cockpit and see how it flies.
AIRPLANE DESIGNER
You will have the tools to bring any aircraft to life. Design your own wings, shape the fuselage, customize propeller engines, and more.
DOWNLOAD AIRPLANES
A thriving community of players are creating next-generation fighters, WW2 warbirds, civilian aircraft, and everything in between. There are well over 50,000 airplanes and they are all free to download and fly. You can share your own airplanes and rise through the ranks to become a Bronze, Silver, or Gold Builder.
DYNAMIC FLIGHT MODEL
Every change you make in the designer impacts how the airplane flies. Weight, thrust, lift, and drag are all calculated continuously while flying.
REALTIME DAMAGE
Parts can break off in spectacular fashion while flying due to over-stress or by hitting something. The fun won't stop there though. You can keep on flying even with a missing wing if you've got the skills...the flight model updates in realtime to accurately simulate any damage to your airplane's structure.
SANDBOX MODE
So, you've had a rough landing and the left engine was knocked off? After watching the engine fly off into the sunset you may decide to go ahead and slap the throttle to full...and give it another go with only one engine. This is what sandbox mode was made for... test your airplane with no restrictions.
CHALLENGES
Land on aircraft carriers, dodge surface-to-air missiles, race through canyons, and much more.
FLOATING PARTS
Create airplanes that can take-off and land in the water, as well as fully functional boats complete with underwater rudders and keels for control and stability.
EDUCATIONAL
Tutorials will help players learn the basics of real airplane design and the considerations that need to be taken when airplanes are made.
Facebook's virtual reality content production unit, Oculus' Story Studio, is closing its doors to shift focus to supporting external content makers, two years after the in-house studio launched.
Oculus, which makes virtual reality headsets Rift and Gear VR, will allocate $50 million to directly fund creators of non-gaming VR content, Jason Rubin, the company's vice president of content, said in a Thursday blog post.
Rubin added that Oculus is “still absolutely committed to growing the VR film and creative content ecosystem.”
Facebook paid $3 billion to acquire Oculus and retain its employees in 2014. Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg said they believed the medium that offers a 360-degree panoramic view using headsets “will become a part of daily life for billions of people.”
Oculus tapped talent from both Oscar-winning animation company Pixar and the video gaming world to head up Story Studio, which it launched in January 2015 at the Sundance Film Festival.
Facebook's VR ambitions have been threatened somewhat by a lawsuit from video game publisher ZeniMax Media Inc. accusing Facebook and Oculus of infringing on ZeniMax's copyrighted software code.
A jury found in ZeniMax's favor in February, awarding it $500 million. Oculus has asked for a new trial.
Vive, a unit of HTC Corp., and Sony Corp. are also racing to bring virtual reality products to a mass audience.
Oculus debuted its first short film, called “Lost,” at Sundance two years ago, a story of an animated mechanical creature in a forest.
Last year, Story Studio won an Emmy for original interactive program for its short VR film “Henry,” and at Sundance this year, it premiered “Dear Angelica,” an illustrated film of a mother and daughter.
But internally, Oculus has undergone some changes in its management in the past year.
Brendan Iribe stepped down as CEO in December, saying they were going to head up the PC division of the VR company. In March, Oculus founder Palmer Luckey, who created the prototype Oculus headset, parted ways with Facebook.
LONDON (Reuters) - Almost 1.3 million people will die of cancer in the European Union this year, but death rates from the disease are on a steady decline, according to new research released on Wednesday.
A study of all types of cancer across the 27-country EU bloc found that more men than women are likely to die from the disease, and that “substantial reductions” in the number of deaths from breast cancer would lower death rates for women.
Despite this, breast cancer remains the leading cause of female cancer deaths in the bloc. Lung cancer, caused mainly by smoking or inhaling second-hand smoke, kills more men in the European Union than any other type of cancer.
Researchers from Italy and Switzerland, writing in the Annals of Oncology journal, predicted EU cancer death rates of 139 per 100,000 men and 85 per 100,000 women in 2012.
Compared with confirmed deaths in 2007 - the latest year for which there are World Health Organization death rate data for most EU countries - this would represent a fall of 10 percent in men and 7 percent in women, they said.
“Although actual numbers of deaths are slightly higher than those recorded for 2007, this is because a greater number of people are living into old age in the EU,” said Fabio Levi of the Cancer Epidemiology Unit at the Institute of Social and Preventive Medicine and Lausanne University in Switzerland.
“The age-adjusted cancer mortality rates show a clear decrease in rates for both men and women over the past five years.”
The decline is due partly to falling smoking rates among men, and partly to advances in the prevention, detection and treatment of breast cancer in women, Levi said.
The cost of extending that trend is likely to be high. Cancer experts warned last September that an explosion of new technologies and treatments for cancer, coupled with a rise in the number of cases as populations age, mean cancer care is rapidly becoming unaffordable in many developed nations.
Details of the analysis, which used EU data from 1970 to 2007 to calculate rates of death each year and identify trends, showed that breast cancer remains the leading cause of female cancer deaths in the EU as a whole, and in particular in France, Germany, Italy and Spain. Some 88,000 women will die from it in 2012, around 16 percent of all cancer deaths in EU women.
“The fact that there will be substantial falls in deaths from breast cancer, not only in middle age, but also in the young, indicates that important advances in treatment and management are playing a major role in the decline in death rates,” said Carlo La Vecchia, a professor at Italy's Milan University, who worked with Levi on the study.
But in Britain and Poland, lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths among women, with rates of 21.4 and 16.9 per 100,000 women respectively.
Lung cancer is expected to kill more than 183,000 men and more than 78,000 women in the EU in 2012.
Rates of pancreatic cancer are rising among both men and women in the EU: the study predicted a rise from 7.86 cases per 100,000 men in 2007 to 8.01 in 2012, and from 5.24 to 5.38 per 100,000 women.
La Vecchia said this was “somewhat surprising” for men, given the decline in smoking, since smoking and being overweight or obese are known to be risk factors for pancreatic cancer.
They added, however, that increasing rates of obesity may be one reason for the rise in the rate of pancreatic cancer, as well as better diagnosis and certification.
“We do not know the causes of 70 percent of pancreatic cancers, but this rise is certainly not reassuring,” they said.
SOURCE: bit.ly/wTDwpw Annals of Oncology, February 29, 2012.
The end of twentieth Century brought a boom in the usage of Internet, while many sites began to emerge on the web, which now are at their peak of popularity and success. It's pretty amazing and interesting to know what these sites would have appeared if we had visited them back in 1998.
Since technology and web designing was in its embryonic stages and was developing slowing by leaps and bounds, we could easily imagine how they would have looked like; where an animated GIF created such an incredible visual impact!
Here is a list of 8 websites as they appeared in 1998 compared with how they look in the present days.
Google 1998
Google 2008
Yahoo 1998
Yahoo 2008
Hotmail 1998
Hotmail 2008
Microsoft 1998
Microsoft 2008
Apple 1998
Apple 2008
Sun Microsystems 1998
Sun Microsystems 2008
Amazon 1998
Amazon 2008
Times 1998
Times 2008
For NASA and its dozens of missions, data pour in every day like rushing rivers. Spacecraft monitor everything from our home planet to faraway galaxies, beaming back images and information to Earth. All those digital records need to be stored, indexed and processed so that spacecraft engineers, scientists and people across the globe can use the data to understand Earth and the universe beyond.
At NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif., mission planners and software engineers are coming up with new strategies for managing the ever-increasing flow of such large and complex data streams, referred to in the information technology community as "big data."
How big is data? For NASA missions, hundreds of terabytes are gathered every hour. Just one terabyte is equivalent to the information printed on 50,000 trees worth of paper.
"Scientists use big data for everything from predicting weather on Earth to monitoring ice caps on Mars to searching for distant galaxies," said Eric De Jong of JPL, principal investigator for NASA's Solar System Visualization project, which converts NASA mission science into visualization products that researchers can use. "We are the keepers of the data, and the users are the astronomers and scientists who need images, mosaics, maps and movies to find patterns and verify theories."
Building Castles of Data
De Jong explains that there are three aspects to wrangling data from space missions: storage, processing and access. The first task, to store or archive the data, is naturally more challenging for larger volumes of data. The Square Kilometer Array (SKA), a planned array of thousands of telescopes in South Africa and Australia, illustrates this problem. Led by the SKA Organization based in England and scheduled to begin construction in 2016, the array will scan the skies for radio waves coming from the earliest galaxies known.
JPL is involved with archiving the array's torrents of images: 700 terabytes of data are expected to rush in every day. That's equivalent to all the data flowing on the Internet every two days. Rather than build more hardware, engineers are busy developing creative software tools to better store the information, such as "cloud computing" techniques and automated programs for extracting data.
"We don't need to reinvent the wheel," said Chris Mattmann, a principal investigator for JPL's big-data initiative. "We can modify open-source computer codes to create faster, cheaper solutions." Software that is shared and free for all to build upon is called open source or open code. JPL has been increasingly bringing open-source software into its fold, creating improved data processing tools for space missions. The JPL tools then go back out into the world for others to use for different applications.
"It's a win-win solution for everybody," said Mattmann.
In Living Color
Archiving isn't the only challenge in working with big data. De Jong and their team develop new ways to visualize the information. Each image from one of the cameras on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, for example, contains 120 megapixels. Their team creates movies from data sets like these, in addition to computer graphics and animations that enable scientists and the public to get up close with the Red Planet.
"Data are not just getting bigger but more complex," said De Jong. "We are constantly working on ways to automate the process of creating visualization products, so that scientists and engineers can easily use the data."
Data Served Up to Go
Another big job in the field of big data is making it easy for users to grab what they need from the data archives.
"If you have a giant bookcase of books, you still have to know how to find the book you're looking for," said Steve Groom, manager of NASA's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center at the California Institute of Technology, Pasadena. The center archives data for public use from a number of NASA astronomy missions, including the Spitzer Space Telescope, the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer (WISE) and the U.S. portion of the European Space Agency's Planck mission.
Sometimes users want to access all the data at once to look for global patterns, a benefit of big data archives. "Astronomers can also browse all the 'books' in our library simultaneously, something that can't be done on their own computers," said Groom.
"No human can sort through that much data," said Andrea Donnellan of JPL, who is charged with a similarly mountainous task for the NASA-funded QuakeSim project, which brings together massive data sets -- space- and Earth-based -- to study earthquake processes.
QuakeSim's images and plots allow researchers to understand how earthquakes occur and develop long-term preventative strategies. The data sets include GPS data for hundreds of locations in California, where thousands of measurements are taken, resulting in millions of data points. Donnellan and their team develop software tools to help users sift through the flood of data.
Ultimately, the tide of big data will continue to swell, and NASA will develop new strategies to manage the flow. As new tools evolve, so will our ability to make sense of our universe and the world.
News Media Contact
Whitney Clavin 818-354-4673Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.whitney.clavin@jpl.nasa.gov2013-299
Jump to Prev Top Next Close
"A long time ago, a friend of mine told me, 'Your life is a three-legged stool,'" Troy Baker says. "'You have your personal life, your professional life and your spiritual life. And if one of those three things is off, then you don't sit right.'"
It's a zen attitude to adopt, but karma seems to be on the good side of one of gaming's biggest actors. Baker has been in the business for years, but it's been key roles like BioShock Infinite's Booker DeWitt, The Joker in Batman: Arkham Origins and Joel in The Last of Us that helped propel them into stardom. In 2014 alone, they were credited with more than a dozen gaming parts, several of which were breakout performances in the AAA game scene. Looking ahead, Baker will lend their voice to key roles in games such as Batman: Arkham Knight, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End and Metal Gear Solid 5: The Phantom Pain. For Baker, such a degree of success consistently guarantees one thing: late nights or early mornings, sometimes both. They work anywhere from 12 to 15 hours a day, they say, answering emails, having conversations, working to keep projects moving. In between those frenzied moments of movement, there are kernels of personal time — hanging out with their wife, hitting the gym, eating, sleeping, unwinding. "The only thing that's typical about it is that it's crazy," Baker says. "I like moving at a very fast pace, and that's one reason why I love this industry so much. It kind of affords that opportunity to be able to really run at a good clip." Baker's rise to fame shouldn't be mistaken with a simple run, or even a sprint. He's proving to be a master at the marathon.
A year in review, or the unexpected success of Shadow of Mordor 2014 was a good year to be Troy Baker. They voiced the soldier star in Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, the flamboyant villain of Far Cry 4 and Infamous: Second Son's mixed-up hero. That's to say nothing of one of the year's most critically acclaimed titles, Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor, in which Baker gave their talents to the protagonist, Talion. Shadow of Mordor was a hit when it launched, but it was also something of a gamble for Baker — an underdog, in their eyes. Not because the franchise doesn't carry a great deal of clout, the actor adds. From a literary standpoint, it's unparalleled. But it differs from past games in a very major way: It lacks the pull of the big-name characters fans have come to love. Shadow of Mordor has no Gandalf, Aragorn or even Frodo. Instead, the most recognizable character players got was ... Gollum. (Sorry, Celebrimbor.) The chance to tackle a new story excited Baker, as did the risk involved. "If you only go for the sure bet, that's kind of a shitty way to live life," Baker says. "I like taking risks. I like finding something that I can get behind and believe, and people that will allow me to partner with them and really roll my sleeves up and get dirty." Baker emphasizes this with every role they talk about: the challenge, the involvement, the thrill of working on a project they and the team working on it really love. They point to other games like Sucker Punch's Infamous: Second Son; it did well enough commercially, but Baker had hoped for better. "If you only go for the sure bet, that's kind of a shitty way to live life." "Sucker Punch is one of those teams that was like, 'We're going for broke on this,'" Baker says. "I wanted to see that game do even better, because we were so proud of it and we worked so hard on that game … I feel like games like that should have Call of Duty numbers, World of Warcraft numbers. I want everybody to play them." "Call of Duty numbers" is a space Baker got to know well this year. Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare — which, notably, also featured a performance from actor Kevin Spacey — was the top-selling game of 2014. But though Shadow of Mordor may be missing from a list of best-sellers that includes the likes of Destiny, Madden NFL 15 and Super Smash Bros., it was a critical darling last year. It snagged Best Action/Adventure Game at The Game Awards, grabbed eight wins at the DICE Awards and numerous Game of the Year awards, including the honor for this year's Game Developers Choice Awards. Critics, developers and fans praised the game's nemesis systems, which essentially create endless player-driven narratives. "What that game showed me specifically, as both someone who makes games and someone who plays games, is that if you provide a platform for people to create their own story, that is what we really want," Baker says. "What really resonated with people were the personal vendettas that they were crafting. "[Shadow of Mordor] was something that year that I was really, really proud of," Baker says. "Not only for the team — to see a small team work super hard to create an incredible game — but it made me have a lot of hope within our culture of what people really want. 'Here's a world. Go nuts.' And that's what people were drawn to." They pause. "Also, working with Kevin Spacey was pretty rad."
Acting, and that one sports analogy Baker doesn't consider themselves the kind of actor to simply show up on set and read lines. They study their characters in what they affectionately dub "homework." That means discussing the character with game creators to get a better sense of their motivations, and reading. Lots and lots of reading. They compare it to studying for a dissertation or thesis in college. Take their upcoming character in Uncharted 4, for example. Baker assumed the role of Sam Drake, Nathan Drake's older brother, after a recast. When Baker approached writer Josh Scherr for source material, Scherr directed them to literature on pirate culture, as well as some Wikipedia reading. Research, and especially the reading, never ends if you want to create believable characters, Baker says. Compare it to someone on a Law and Order- or CSI-type show, where they rattle off technical jargon with the kind of aplomb that comes from memorization. Still, it's not true understanding — and it shows, they say. But that's not to be confused with overthinking each part. Baker says their process is to not have a process when it comes to acting. As soon as they start to think about it too much, he's doing a disservice to the character. "A really great director told me one time, 'That moment that you're about to go into exists there," Baker says. "'It doesn't exist anywhere else. It doesn't exist in the parking lot, or in your car as you're driving to set. It doesn't exist in makeup or hair. It doesn't exist over by craft services. It exists at that exact moment.' "When you are trying to be in the moment, and you're walking around the stage or the set and you're thinking about how your character feels about this moment and everything, you come in so full of your own shit that you're not open to anything that's actually happening in the scene. Because you're expecting your other actors to respond the same way that you are." Baker compares it to football players talking smack at the line of scrimmage. As soon as the play begins, the chatter cuts. All they're focused on is the man in front of them. "That's the only sports analogy I can make, by the way," they say. Missed connections In Second Son, Baker landed the role of delinquent Delsin Rowe, but it wasn't the Infamous character they first set out to play. Back when Infamous 2 was in production, they auditioned for the part of Cole, a bike courier who awakens to great power. It was a mess. "It was probably one of the worst auditions I ever had," Baker says. Baker, an eager, "rail-thin" Infamous fan at the time, returned for a callback. They were auditioning opposite Graham McTavish, whose credits today include Uncharted 2 and 3, The Order: 1886 and the Hobbit films. The room was packed with people — directors, producers and others, from Sony to Sucker Punch. "We start going through this scene, and all of a sudden, Graham looks at me, and they go, 'Are you alright, mate?'" Baker says. "I'm like, 'I don't feel too good,' and he's like, 'You are white as a ghost right now.' "And, there in the middle of the audition, I hit a 103-degree fever. I don't know what happened, what I got, but I was sick. I barely drove myself back over the hill to my house and crawled in bed and didn't leave for like three days. "Clearly, I didn't get the role." The part went to Eric Ladin. Baker says there are no hard feelings when it comes to losing out on Cole, because it later afforded them the chance to be Delsin. C'est la vie.
Situational storms On Feb. 14 of this year, a Twitter user sent Baker a strange request: "Can you please stop making video games? The only reason I won't play Dying Light is because I got enough of your voice." Troy Baker isn't in Dying Light; that's Roger Craig Smith. Baker tells this story to illustrate a point. The same handful of actors are beginning to act as public-facing ambassadors for the games, and it's a double-edged sword. "I love doing that, because I love talking about the games and projects that I'm proud of and excited to be a part of," Baker says. "But because of that, now we know who Troy Baker is. Now we know who Nolan North is. Or Laura Bailey. Or Travis Willingham. "[People] start ascribing these roles to us when we're not in it. There are so many things on my IMDb and Wikipedia that I'm like, 'I never did that.' ... It starts working against you and you start having to tiptoe very carefully around this minefield." Baker doesn't buy into the idea that an actor's body of work could be condensed into a single performance. They point to Nolan North, who is perhaps best known as the voice of Nathan Drake. But to label North as only Nathan Drake is a disservice; people don't know what kind of range the guy has, Baker says. "He's the most talented person working in the business," Baker says. "But he's so good at just being Nolan. That's the guy you want to hang out with. That's the guy you want to have drinks with. That's who people cast in their game. But they can do anything. "I can't control when the game ships, if it's going to be good, if people like it." "It's just so funny when people are like, 'I'm tired of it,'" Baker says. "No you're not. You can't get enough. You just know that you're tired of that name." And, as an afterthought: "You know, Bradley Cooper a lot of the time sounds the same way. They look a lot of the time the same way. It's a different character." Still, there's something to be said for being a recognizable name in games with a good reputation. Baker says they snagged the role of Sam Drake in Uncharted 4 after Naughty Dog's Neil Druckmann reached out to him. "Neil was like, 'We're changing this character up fundamentally, but we're on the clock. We need to move fast. Who do we know that we trust, that has a relationship with Nolan, that can jump in here and we know can pull this off? Get me Troy Baker.' "And that is probably the greatest compliment, honoring, that you can possibly think of, that in someone's mind I'm a solution to a problem." Ultimately, Baker can control the projects he's a part of, but not when they come out. They point to The Last of Us, BioShock Infinite and Batman: Arkham Origins, which were all released within a few months of each other. But, all of those games were delayed. It was the perfect storm of AAA game releases, and Baker was right in the middle of it. "I can't control when the game ships, if it's going to be good, if people like it," Baker says. "All I can do is my work. And if I leave the stage or that booth feeling good about my work, then that's it. It's not about awards; it's not about accolades; it's not about how many units you sold. That's all I care about: In that moment, what can I do with that character that resonates with this game, with the team, that we're all proud of. "What I want people to focus on — and what I replied to that guy on Twitter — [is] maybe just focus on the gameplay and characters, not the person who's playing them. Don't focus on the actor."
Revisiting The Last of Us in film "I wouldn't want to do it," Baker says. Despite cries from fans, Baker is resolute in passing Joel's torch off to someone else when The Last of Us completes its transition into a film. He's happier to be able to disappear behind that role in video games, as opposed to becoming the face of the character himself. Baker thinks about Joel more than any other character he's ever been. It's their hope for the character to be respected and honored in a new way. "I love Joel so much that all I care about is them being represented as best as possible," Baker says. "Ashley [Johnson, the voice of Ellie in the game] feels the same way. These are real people to us. We love them so much." When it comes to casting Joel, Baker has a simple wish: to find someone who is genuinely interested in the character. And if, God forbid, the opposite happens — the actor's lines fall flat, or there's no soul to be found there — well, that's kind of a win for Baker in its own way. "Either it's this incredible performance and a completely different take on the character, and I get to learn something about Joel that I never knew," Baker says, "or the guy sucks, and I'm like, 'I'm the only person that can play Joel.' So it's a win-win." Still, Baker wants to see the film soar. There's no mistake about that. "I want it to succeed because I believe in the story, and I believe in Neil," Baker says. "If it doesn't succeed, that says something else. If it doesn't have the same impact as a movie that it does as a game, that to me says something really powerful about games." The actor remains insistent that the only role he'd want to play is one he's talked briefly about in the past. "To maybe play a clicker or a Firefly in the movie would be awesome, just for people who give a shit and know, 'Hey, that's Troy!'" they say. "And then I get killed by Joel." Not exactly glamorous, but one hell of a hat-tip. "My nemesis" Mistaking Dying Light's Roger Craig Smith for Troy Baker is a sin that perhaps you could be forgiven for, after all. Baker says that when auditioning for parts in recent years, it was "uncanny" how often the two men wound up in competition. "It always came down to either me or Roger," Baker says. "Not like, 'Oh, yeah, you both auditioned for the same thing.' It was, 'People are making a decision. Do we want Troy or do we want Roger?'" Finally, the two ended up in an audition room together. As they went to sign in, Baker recalls the moment of recognition. "We look and we go, 'You're Roger Craig Smith? You're Troy Baker? My nemesis,'" Baker says. And we had this wonderful relationship where it's like, 'You win today, I win tomorrow, it's whatever.'"
Contents show]
Game Info Edit
Requires Order. ( )
+12 Defense. (Vanilla)
Defensive buildings in all cities are 25% more effective. (Vanilla and )
) +50% Production when building armored units. ( )
Production when building armored units. ( ) 1 Free Social Policy. ( )
Strategy Edit
As the special Wonder of the Order Ideology in Brave New World, the Kremlin will be a considerable help to a militaristic player. However, most militaristic players should have started conquering long before adopting Order and getting this wonder, and the Kremlin may be less useful to them. Nevertheless, Germany's Panzers can benefit tremendously from this wonder. Build it early, then let the Tanks roll!
Civilopedia entry Edit
"Kremlin" is a Russian word which denotes a fortified complex of buildings in the center of a city. It is most often used to refer to the Kremlin in the city of Moscow, a remarkable set of buildings which hold much of the Russian government. The Kremlin sits on a hill overlooking the Moskva River. In one form or the other, fortified structures have been in that location for almost 1000 years. The site was named "Kremlin" in the 14th century.
The Kremlin is within a triangular, walled area about 68 acres in extent. The walls are of red brick, with pencil-like towers at the corners and entrances. Many of the buildings are painted white with yellow trim and green roofs that look quite cheerful from a distance. The Cathedral of the Dormition, constructed in the 1470s, is the oldest building in the complex. Two other cathedrals lie within its walls, as do a surprising number of palaces, the Kremlin Palace being the largest.
The Kremlin has seen many great figures rise and fall within its walls. Ivan the Terrible built the Palace of Facets in the Kremlin. In the Great Patriotic War (WWII), Josef Stalin drove the German invaders from the gates of Moscow - perhaps the greatest service that any Russian ruler has ever performed for their country. (It was also here that Stalin planned the systematic extermination of millions of their own people.) It was here that Mikhail Gorbachev oversaw the dissolution of the Soviet Union. Today, the Kremlin holds the government of the Russian Federation.
To whatever use it might be put in the future, the Kremlin will always stand as a mighty monument to Russia's past - for it has seen the best and the worst of that great nation.
Trivia Edit
The image used to represent the Kremlin in-game is actually a depiction of St. Basil's Cathedral, a landmark adjacent to the actual Moscow Kremlin. It is located outside the wall of the Kremlin rather than in it. This is a common mistake, which was also made in Civilization IV . The large picture, however, properly depicts the actual Kremlin with a line of people visiting Lenin's Tomb.
. The large picture, however, properly depicts the actual Kremlin with a line of people visiting Lenin's Tomb. The game lists Kremlin as a Modern Era wonder, while in reality it was built during the Renaissance Era.
Gallery Edit
Unrest in Libya continues to wreak havoc on world oil markets, with prices soaring and European nations weighing how to offset disruptions in gas and crude imports from the North African country.
As much as a quarter of Libya's oil production is now offline, along with all gas exports, according to reports. Most analysts expect interruptions to increase, especially with Muammar Qaddafi's threat to blow up energy pipelines.
While analysts agree that global oil and gas supplies are hardly at risk, as Libya accounts for only 2 percent of world oil output, countries like Italy, France, and Spain relied on Libya in 2010 for as much as 22 percent, 16 percent, and 13 percent of total crude consumption, respectively – a supply not easily replaced on short notice. Europe receives over 85 percent of Libya's crude exports.
And that's causing energy planners to reassess the wisdom of counting on North Africa, where southern European governments have invested significantly to decrease dependence on supplies from Russia and Iran, even if Libya's civil unrest ends with a peaceful resignation of Qadaffi.
“Europe has to choose between becoming more dependent on Russia or the Middle East, or both,” says Herman Franssen, senior associate at the Center for Strategic and International Studies and former chief economist of the International Energy Agency.
Manouchehr Takin, senior petroleum analyst at the London-based Center for Global Energy Studies, suggests yet another way forward. "Security of supply will be enforced with greater urgency," they say. "They will find sources other than North Africa and the Middle East, like Norway and the Arctic.”
Italy, Spain invested big in North Africa
Italy and Spain have bet big on Libya, which holds Africa's biggest proven reserves, even if its production is the continent's third-biggest due to years of neglect. Their national energy giants, ENI and Repsol, stayed behind to keep their foot in the door even as US and British companies fled when sanctions were imposed on Libya following the 1988 bombing of a Pan Am jet over Lockerbie, Scotland.
As a result, both Italy and Spain were rewarded when Qaddafi signed their peace with the West after surrendering their nuclear weapons program in 2003. Both countries grew increasingly dependent on Libyan oil and investment there soared. Together, ENI and Repsol account for about a third of the oil output and most of the gas.
Italy, Libya's former colonial power, is the most exposed by far. Aside from its disproportional dependence on Libyan oil imports, 13 percent of its gas also came from its Mediterranean neighbor in the first 10 months of 2010, according to the International Energy Agency (pdf).
“There are not many places where you can get perfect substitute for Libyan oil,” which is very high quality, says Mr. Franssen at the Washington, D.C.-based Center for Strategic and International Studies. “Europe is trying to diversify as much as it can, but the places they can diversify to are places they don't want to turn to."
Under the leadership of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, the Libyan-Italian bond, in energy and all fields, deepened in sectors from finance to soccer. Now, Mr. Berlusconi is being harshly criticized back home for their wrong bet.
In Spain's case, Repsol didn't significantly increase its exposure to Libya in recent years. But Libya is already Spain's third-biggest oil supplier, behind Russia and Iran, illustrating how its diversification efforts backfired.
Austria's OMV is in much worse shape, with 12 percent of its oil production coming from Libya, compared to less than 4 percent of Repsol, according to company reports. Other companies, like Total, BP, Royal Dutch Shell, Statoil, and Gazprom have smaller exposure to Libya.
Aside from supplying Italy, France, and Spain, Libya also provides 23 percent of Ireland's oil imports, 21 percent of Austria's, and 11 percent of Portugal's, according to the January report from the International Energy Agency.
Many scenarios, few choices
Algeria is also a major European oil and gas supplier, and Morocco has a couple of gas pipelines transiting through its territory onto Spain. If Libya's unrest subsides quickly and Algeria and Morocco are spared any more upheaval, then southern Europe will not be in as much of a rush to find alternatives.
Whatever happens, countries will be less eager to put their money in the region.
“Bottom line is that this is the very definition of a security of supply, of an energy security issue,” says David Kirsch, a market analyst at Washington-based PFC Energy. “The main impact is when do conditions allow the return to normal conditions. It becomes a question of how scenarios play out. If it goes to civil war, of course you will delay any investment plans. Political environment is a critical factor. Companies will reassess and look elsewhere.”
Alternatives are limited though, especially as demand increases in Asia and global surplus capacity decreases, even in Iran and Russia, where the political price is also an issue.
“They have options," says Mr. Takin at the Center for Global Energy Studies. "They'll subsidize more shale gas exploration, invest more in renewable, research alternative transport options, look to Brazil or the Far East, increase efficiency and conservation, restrict fuel consumption, encourage biofuels.”
RELATED: How absolute is Qaddafi's power? Key questions.
Chelsea are to scrutinise the ankle damage sustained by Demba Ba, an injury that forced the Senegalese from the fray at half-time against Sunderland, as their squad continues to strain under the weight of fixtures across three competitions.
Victory over Sunderland in the 57th game of their campaign restored Rafael Benítez's team to third in the Premier League, with the week ahead seeing them take a two-goal advantage from the first leg to Moscow against Rubin Kazan in the Europa League and an FA Cup semi-final against Manchester City at Wembley. The interim first-team manager lost Ashley Cole last week and Gary Cahill just before the recent international break, to injury and has been left sweating over Ba's fitness.
The Senegalese was clattered by Sunderland's Craig Gardner midway through the first period and, although they completed the half, was replaced by Fernando Torres at the break. "When you make a change at half-time, it's never 'fine'," said Benítez. "It's too early to say how serious it is but it's a problem with their ankle. We'll see on Monday. The tackle was a heavy tackle but we don't know now."
Ba, a £7m signing from Newcastle in January, is ineligible for the Europa League and so would have been omitted from the squad for Moscow regardless, but any prolonged absence would place the onus back on Torres to perform every week, as they did before Christmas. The Spaniard made an instant impact here as Chelsea secured the third home victory of a busy week, with Benítez convinced their players have benefited from a lack of antagonism from the crowd in recent weeks over their presence.
"I just try to concentrate on my job but, as people keep suggesting, the feeling is everybody has realised we have to stick together and support the team," said Benítez, who had voiced their frustration at the dissent to which they had been subjected after the FA Cup fifth-round victory over Middlesbrough in February. "That was my message before, and that is still my message now. It's always important [the atmosphere]. When you have great game, it's the atmosphere. The best nights here are with great atmosphere. It's always very positive, so it's important to have everyone sticking together and pushing in the same direction. That's clear."
Should Chelsea continue to progress into the Europa League and FA Cup finals, there remains the possibility Benítez's side will have to play Manchester United, Tottenham Hotspur and Aston Villa in the six days before the showpiece at Wembley, with the Spaniard resigned to the race for the top four stretching until the campaign's last day.
"I don't think it would be possible [to secure a top-four finish before then] because Spurs and Arsenal are still there pushing, Everton as well," they said. "We have to continue to the end. Hopefully we can do well in the cup competitions and then be ready for Fulham and Liverpool. But we cannot stop now. We have to stay on our toes because we have another four big games now coming up."
The wide availability of user-provided content in online social media facilitates the aggregation of people around common interests, worldviews, and narratives. However, the World Wide Web is a fruitful environment for the massive diffusion of unverified rumors. In this work, using a massive quantitative analysis of Facebook, we show that information related to distinct narratives––conspiracy theories and scientific news––generates homogeneous and polarized communities (i.e., echo chambers) having similar information consumption patterns. Then, we derive a data-driven percolation model of rumor spreading that demonstrates that homogeneity and polarization are the main determinants for predicting cascades' size.
Abstract
The wide availability of user-provided content in online social media facilitates the aggregation of people around common interests, worldviews, and narratives. However, the World Wide Web (WWW) also allows for the rapid dissemination of unsubstantiated rumors and conspiracy theories that often elicit rapid, large, but naive social responses such as the recent case of Jade Helm 15––where a simple military exercise turned out to be perceived as the beginning of a new civil war in the United States. In this work, we address the determinants governing misinformation spreading through a thorough quantitative analysis. In particular, we focus on how Facebook users consume information related to two distinct narratives: scientific and conspiracy news. We find that, although consumers of scientific and conspiracy stories present similar consumption patterns with respect to content, cascade dynamics differ. Selective exposure to content is the primary driver of content diffusion and generates the formation of homogeneous clusters, i.e., “echo chambers.” Indeed, homogeneity appears to be the primary driver for the diffusion of contents and each echo chamber has its own cascade dynamics. Finally, we introduce a data-driven percolation model mimicking rumor spreading and we show that homogeneity and polarization are the main determinants for predicting cascades' size.
Vanilla Ice says that “Shell Shocked,” a song from the forthcoming Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie featuring Juicy J, Wiz Khalifa and Ty Dolla $ign, is not up to par.
“With respect to all of the artists, the song doesn't really do it for me,” Vanilla Ice says during an interview with GQ. “It feels a little artificial. What I mean by that is that it sounds like a bunch of executives in the corporate world put it together. It really does not fit the theme of the Ninja Turtles legend. I think you have to understand, and be a true Ninja, to possess the Magic to really pull off the secret sound.”
In 1991, Vanilla Ice performed “Ninja Rap” for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze. They also appeared in the film as himself.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is slated to arrive in theaters Friday (August 8).
Listen to “Shell Shocked” on HipHopDX here.
Last year, Vanilla Ice, whose biggest hit was 1990's “Ice Ice Baby,” said that they changed the way Rap music was made.
“Sampling barriers, I broke down,” Vanilla Ice said at the time. “They made a spectacle out of it and it made it okay for Puff Daddy and everybody else to go make music. They figured it out. There was nobody before me that I could use as a guideline. [I] took rap mainstream. I had the first Rap song that had ever been No. 1 on the Pop charts. The most-sold Rap record in the history of the world, and that's extreme. 160 million. The fastest-selling [Hip Hop album] of all time, and it still stands today. I don't think it will ever be broken at this point.”
RELATED: Vanilla Ice Says They Broke Barriers In Hip Hop
Contents show]
Original Series
is the home of the Teletubbies.
It's a grassy dome-shaped house with 2 pairs of doors at the front and back of the house. There are also 4 windows. Inside the house is a table where the Teletubbies have their Tubby Custard and Tubby Toast. There is also a control panel with colourful buttons and levers that make animal noises and funny sounds when pressed or pulled. The control panel also contains the Tubby Sponges. There is a pink slide that the Teletubbies can go up and down. There are also 2 doors on each side of the entrances/exits of the house, but it is unknown what's inside them.
There are 4 beds that are the correct size for each Teletubby. They are pink and blue and have grey blankets. There is a Tubby Custard Machine for making Tubby Custard and a Tubby Toaster for making Tubby Toast.
Noo-Noo is inside the house all the time. The voice trumpets rise inside and outside the house. The Magic Windmill is on a hill behind the house. There are flowers nearby the house. There are 2 paths that lead to two different hills: the right path leads to the hill with the Magic Windmill, the left path leads to The 'Scary' Hill, the place where the Teletubbies watch the Lion and Bear. There are a few other hills with trees on them.
In the programme, it is always referred to as just 'the house' or 'home'.
Reboot
In the reboot, the outside almost remains the same but now has flowers and lumps on it. The doors and the windows are yellow and the small tunnel leading to the doors is gone.There are now six windows instead of four, and the back door has been turned into a window inside the Tiddlytubbies play area. While the inside has been completely redesigned. It is no longer futuristic and made out of metal, instead, it is now pink and yellow and has white walls which seem to be made out of inflated material. The slide is also gone and has been replaced with a lift called the Dup-Dup.
It also has a grass floor and four orange beds, each with blankets and pillows that match each Teletubbies' colour. The Tubby Custard Machine has been redesigned into a train-like ride so that the Teletubbies can ride around the house and outside in Teletubbyland. In addition to this, it has a Tubby Phone on the control panel and a playroom where the Tiddlytubbies play. These redesigned sets make the 2015 series seem less canon to the original series.
Trivia
After the original series had finished, the set was left abandoned. The doors,windows and hole at the top of the house were covered and the windmill was left lying on top of a hill.
Since 2005, the original Tubbytronic Superdome set has been dug up into a pond (See Gallery). This was due to the owner of the land 'Rosemary Harding' getting fed up of tourists trespassing on the land.
In the early 2000's, Dom Joly went to Teletubby Land with people dressed up as old animated TV characters.
On the reboot series, BBC decided to change the land to a studio land because due to the weather conditions from the original series.
AMD is also adjusting the price of its top-of-the-range CPUs, and for that nothing better than lowering what is so far its top-end consumer processor, the Ryzen Threadripper 1950X.
The AMD Ryzen Threadripper 1950X is a 14nm processor equipped with 16 cores and 32 processing threads at a Base / Turbo frequency of 3.40 / 4.00 GHz accompanied by 8MB of Level 2 (L2) cache together with 32MB of L3 cache with a TDP of 180W, which competes in terms of performance with Intel's top-of-the-range CPU in the same segment, the Intel Core i9-7960X with the same 16-core and 32-wire configuration, but at a base / Turbo 2.80 / 4.20 GHz frequency with a TDP of 165W.
You Might Like: Ryzen Threadripper 1950X is 45% faster than the Core i9-7900X
Although the Ryzen Threadripper 1950X went on sale at an official price of $999, but now it is on sale for $870 plus shipping, while the Intel Core i9-7960X is on sale for $1,739 plus shipping.
It is unknown if AMD will begin to adjust the price of other Ryzen Threadripper processors, although it should be remembered that a few weeks ago the prices of AMD Ryzen CPUs were reduced.
The same day that Premier Jim Prentice promised the budget would strike a balance that would protect the vulnerable and front-line services, a group of highly vulnerable children — young offenders — became the first casualties of that line of spin.
The province announced that up to 85 children living in the Calgary Young Offender Centre will be moved to a facility in Edmonton — 300 kilometres from their parents, siblings, friends and lawyers, the very people they need around them at this crisis time in their lives. While the move is intended to ensure that there is one full facility, rather than two partly empty ones, it appears to have been decided upon strictly on a cost-benefit basis and not on a human one.
As the experts have been quick to point out, it will only lead to an increase in youth crime. Deprived of their support systems and families, these kids will be alone, isolated, and, given their intense need for peer acceptance, far more vulnerable to becoming further criminalized, as other young offenders will be the only people they see on a regular basis.
The move makes it hard for low-income families to travel to Edmonton to visit their children, and the young offenders will be more likely to keep in touch with their lawyers only by electronic means. As Shannon Prithipaul, president of the Criminal Trial Lawyers' Association, said: “These are people we're talking about, they're children that we're talking about. They're not just cattle they can move from one place to another.”
Minister of Justice and Solicitor General Jonathan Denis said in a statement that “consolidating services available to young offenders will continue to help them get their lives on track and return to our communities.”
They should be staying in their communities. That's the best way to help them get their lives on track. The government's plan to move them to Edmonton is positively Dickensian.
Alberta Union of Provincial Employees' vice-president Erez Raz stated what is obvious to everyone, except Denis: “If you're in Edmonton, you might not see your family member for months on end. That doesn't help someone be reintegrated into society.”
Reintegration and rehabilitation are key for juvenile offenders who are not, after all, going to spend their lives in prison. They are going to be released in fairly short order, and everything that can be done to get them back on the straight and narrow must be done. One of those things is to keep them close to their families.
The government clearly needs to rethink this one.
Gucci Mane goes into the Starbucks outside the mall and joins the line. Not only does Gucci want to buy and drink coffee but they also want to sit down. Their legs are tired from walking around the shopping complex.
Gucci scans the coffee shop: approximately 3/4 of all the tables are occupied, including all the sofas. No matter, thinks Gucci, I don't like sitting on the sofas anyway. They are always too low down and leant back to comfortably drink coffee. In fact, last time Gucci tried to drink coffee sat on a sofa they spilt around 80ml of liquid that was around 75° celcius onto their right knee. They were with a girl they liked (Amy) and tried to make out like they hadn't spilt any coffee on their knee. They thought they had noticed and was too polite to say anything. The next day, when Amy didn't return their text, Gucci assumed that it was because they had spilt the coffee on their knee. In fact, Amy didn't reply to their text message because a network error occurred that resulted in Amy not receiving Gucci's text. They hadn't even seen Gucci spill the coffee. Amy assumed that Gucci simply didn't like talking to them enough to maintain a constant level of contact. This was not the case. Gucci, at the time, liked talking to amy very much, and they still thought about them fairly often. They hated their body for spilling the coffee that they blamed for not speaking to Amy anymore.
Gucci sees an empty small table in the back corner as they and their shopping and the queue edge closer to the barista at the till. Gucci has all their shopping in one hand and their other hand is in their pocket, trying to find the correct change for the drink they are intending to order. They want a smoothie but also paying for items in stores induces a lot of anxiety within him. They feel under a lot of pressure, when making a purchase, to give the cashier the correct amount of change, whilst also appearing to be a calm, collected human being who the cashier would like and possibly want to start a “meaningful relationship” with.
The combination of these two activities means Gucci will often panic and feel as though they are taking far too long. They will glance back to check for imagined stares of hatred from the people behind them in the queue they are slowing down by panicking, which would make them lose track of what they were doing and become even more anxious. So Gucci tries to have the correct amount of money ready in their hand as they approach the till.
Gucci successfully completes the purchase with only one error: when asked whether they would like to ‘drink in' or ‘take out', they chooses ‘take out'. The pretty young barista boy grabs Gucci a large cardboard container and asks for their name. Gucci Mane, replies Gucci. g-u-c-c-i m-a-n-e.
The barista boy smiles as they hand over ‘gucci mane's machiatto' and Gucci waddles over to the still-empty table. They have their coffee in one hand and all their shopping in the other.  They are both conscious not to spill the coffee and that their hand is slowly becoming more and more uncomfortably hot. Just as the pain is becoming really uncomfortable, Gucci arrives at the table and sets their shopping down and their cardboard cup of coffee onto the table. They look around, making sure no one is annoyed that they are drinking ‘to go' coffee ‘in'. No one is looking at them and they turn their head back. Something out of the window catches the light and their eyes automatically focus on it. They remain staring at this point for maybe four seconds until they become self aware again and leans over the table to pick up their shopping. They set it down on the chair opposite them and begins to go through the bags, inspecting the items they have purchased and the items they have stolen.
Gucci does not agree morally with shoplifting, but it became a habit when they realized it meant they could avoid approaching the cashier. When they told amy about this they suggested that they start shopping online, but Gucci enjoys the fundamental process of shopping. On the tube home they will feel a successful hunter-gatherer emotion, not unlike the emotion they feel after cooking an intricate meal. However, when Gucci arrives home at their flat with their new ‘purchases' they will find they look small and insignificant compared to what they already own. They realise that all that has changed about them is their inventory – there is a disappointing lack of anything else different about him.
Gucci Mane sips their machiatto with the lid off and flicks through a copy of ‘little white lies' (the film magazine) which they dropped into their open shopping bag. They leaf it open on the table and checks their phone (no texts) their Twitter (108 new tweets) and their facebook (10+ new stories). A drop of coffee falls from the rim of the cardboard cup and hits Gucci on the thumb, which makes them jump slightly, almost spilling their coffee. They don't, however, and puts it down on the table to avoid any further incident. In their head they plan their exact route to the second closest bus stop to the Starbucks – the closest one is on a corner and you cannot see when the bus is coming. Gucci gets an email about cheap flights to Barcelona and Marrakech and Amsterdam and other interesting places. They don't delete it, and imagines themselves packing a bag and arriving in a European city with no return ticket. Gucci wishes he'd focused their energy on their language classes in school. They could never live abroad – he'd have to steal everything.
Gucci Mane finishes their machiatto and stands up to leave. They put their empty cardboard cup into the waste bin and holds the door open for a woman with a pram. Outside their eyes squint in the bright sun, like stepping out of a cinema, or a circus tent on an August afternoon.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
April 1, 2014, 8:15 AM GMT / Updated April 1, 2014, 12:05 PM GMT
SEOUL, South Korea -- South Korea is investigating whether a drone that crashed on one of its islands originated in North Korea, according to reports Tuesday.
The unmanned aircraft fell on the island of Baengnyeong at around 4 p.m. Monday (3 a.m. ET) after the North and South exchanged hundreds of shells in disputed waters off their western coast.
A spokesperson for the joint military command between the United States and South Korea confirmed to NBC News early Tuesday that a drone had been found by a resident of the island. The official said it was being analyzed.
Considered by many to be one of the body's most primal movements, deadlifting has been around ever since we hauled dinner back to the cave. At first glance, it doesn't look like a super-complicated move, but deadlifts use nearly every muscle group in the body. It's a hip-dominant exercise, so it's great for targeting the glutes, hamstrings and lower back (sometimes referred to as the posterior chain), but it also works the quads, abdominals, upper back, arms, forearms and shoulders. By strengthening so many muscle groups, deadlifts also help prevent injury in the knees, hips, ankles and lower back. They're also a great all-encompassing core move, engaging more than just the abdominals -- deadlifts engage your lower back and the supporting muscles around the waist and hips responsible for correct posture.
When one exercise works that many muscles, it's not just a great calorie-burner, it also boosts production of beneficial hormones such as testosterone and growth hormone -- chemicals that make it easier for the body to lose fat, build muscle and even fight disease. Basically, it's the exercise.
Ready to chalk up those hands, head to the bar and get lifting? We're here to help with step-by-step basics, deadlift variations and solutions for common mistakes.
Disclaimer: While the deadlift is an especially important move to add to your routine, this is a movement that places direct force on the spine. Those with back issues (or those who suspect they may have back issues) such as herniated discs and sciatica should first seek medical clearance.
1. Stand with feet slightly wider than shoulder-width apart, toes pointing straight ahead or slightly outward (no wider than 11 and 1 o'clock). The balls of the feet should line up under the bar. How much weight to use is up to you, but it's best to start with a low weight or no weight at all until you feel comfortable with the move.
2. With knees slightly bent and hands gripping the bar slightly outside of legs, hinge forward from hips. Use a hook grip: When you place your hands on the bar, wrap your first two fingers over your thumb, sandwiched between your fingers and the bar. With the bar close to shins, keep head up, eyes looking forward, chest out and back flat. Inhale.
3. Keeping the bar close to the body, exhale as you work to straighten the legs -- drive through the heels, not the toes -- and bring the weight up past knees. Keep core engaged throughout the entire movement (this helps protect the spine) and finish by thrusting the hips into alignment with the feet and squeezing your glutes. Constricting the butt muscles will complete the hip extension and bring the pelvis to a neutral position.
4. Once the bar is past the knees and the arms are straight, gently rest it against your thighs and maintain a straight back, without rolling shoulders back. You can pause here for a few seconds to add an isometric dimension to the exercise, which can help provide bigger strength gains.
5. Maintaining a straight back, slowly hinge forward at the hips (allow knees to bend a little at the same time) and lower the bar back to the ground. That's rep one.
Variations
Awaken your inner sumo wrestler with this exercise (traditional sumo attire optional). This deadlift variation has a wider stance than the conventional kind, and though it may be easier and feel more natural for some lifters, it actually requires more mobility. Because of the wider stance (the feet are near the collars of the barbell, so shins are slightly past perpendicular to the bar), different muscles are targeted -- the more the knees are bent, the more the quads, hip adductors and glutes work. But if the deadlift is performed with straighter legs, the hamstrings and trap muscles work harder.
Trap Bar Deadlift
Research suggests the trap bar (aka hexagonal barbell) provides more range of motion in the hips than a straight barbell, which is, ya know, straight. This variation carries a much lower risk of the bar hitting the shins, and the body assumes more of a squat position than it does with the conventional deadlift. As a result, trap bars allow for significantly more quad activation than deadlifting with a straight bar, and lifters can usually pull more weight this way. This is a better variation for those with (or those who fear) lower-back injury because there's less loading on the spine. But if your ultimate goal is to achieve maximum back and hamstring engagement, then the conventional straight bar deadlift is a better choice.
Romanian Deadlift
Not just for the Romanians, this deadlift is performed with relatively straight legs -- the knees are soft, but not bent nearly as far as they are during the conventional deadlift (as a result, the bar doesn't actually touch the ground in between reps). With this variation, the lower back bears a lot more weight, so be mindful of any pain or weakness in that area.
Clean-Grip Deadlift
Time to get down and dirty with the clean grip! This variation -- often employed by Olympic lifters -- requires a much deeper knee bend than most deadlifts. Like the trap bar deadlift, it's similar to a squat and targets the quads and glutes more than the hamstrings. But since it's performed with a regular barbell, there's a higher risk of scraping the shins when legs get tired, so pay careful attention and wear long socks or pants as a barrier. By squatting lower and keeping the chest more upright, this lift also puts slightly less strain on the lower back.
The snatch-grip deadlift is very similar to the clean-grip deadlift, but the grip is much wider. It should be as wide as feels comfortable, but start with a lower weight than you may use for a conventional deadlift, since this variation targets slightly different muscles, particularly in the upper back. Because of the wider hand placement, the hips end up lower than in a clean-grip (but aim to keep the shoulders higher than the hips and the hips higher than the knees from the start). Successful snatch-grip deadlifts may depend on heightened flexibility in the wrists and shoulders and can be more difficult for those with shorter arms.
Dumbbell Deadlift
Don't have access to a barbell? Try using dumbbells instead. The movement itself (and the muscles targeted) is very similar to the trap bar deadlift, since the weight can be positioned to the side of each leg. This move can be made more challenging by performing the movement single-legged.
The Most Common Mistakes And How To Fix Them
The Mistake: Keeping the bar too far away from the body.
The Fix: Keeping the barbell closer to the body while deadlifting may enhance performance and minimize injury risk. To ensure the bar is at a safe and comfortable position, roll it up as close to the shins and quads as possible without touching the body.
The Mistake: Rounding the back.
The Fix: Assuming a hunchback is a recipe for deadlift disaster. While rounding the back may seem like a helpful strategy for lifting heavier weights, it's much safer to keep the spine neutral (which includes the head and neck). Note: Make sure not to hyper-flex the back at the end of the move (by letting your lower back dip), which can put undue force on the spine.
The Mistake: Pulling with the back.
The Fix: Rather than pull with the back and arms during a deadlift, push through the heels and force the hips forward until the bar is at knee level. As you raise the bar, work to thrust the hips until fully standing. This is a hip-dominant exercise; pulling the weight throughout the movement can strain the back, so emphasise thrusting the hips rather than yanking backward with the legs and shoulders.
The Mistake: Rolling the shoulders.
The Fix: Rolling shoulders at the top of the lift can be pretty damaging -- while shoulders are a super mobile joint, they aren't very stable -- especially with heavy weights. Since our leg muscles can typically bear more weight than the upper body, drawing the shoulder blades together can put too much stress on the shoulders and upper back. Next time you take to the bar, make sure to thrust those hips at the top of the movement and work toward a neutral spine rather than a curved one. And when you're in the lockout, try not to pull your shoulders back or puff out your chest.
The Mistake: Starting the move with the hips too low.
The Fix: If the hips are too low during a conventional deadlift, the bar will probably smack into the shins and knees. Though most squats should be performed deep, the conventional deadlift does not require sitting super-far back into the hips. The knees should bend just enough that the hands comfortably grip the bar without the back hunching.
Albert Pujols' wife Deidre, in an interview with a radio station with ties to the former St. Louis Cardinals slugger, said the couple was prepared to take less money to stay in St. Louis, but were greatly disappointed when the team initially offered them a five-year deal.
Thursday, Albert Pujols signed a 10-year, $254 million offer with the Los Angeles Angels that contained no deferred money, as well as a 10-year personal services contract following that deal. The Cardinals' last offer to Pujols was for 10 years and $210 million, with $30 million deferred.
"The offer that people have seen on television I want to tell you what, listeners especially, had that offer been given to us with a guarantee, we would have the (Cardinals) bird on our back," Deidre Pujols told 99.1 Joy FM, a St. Louis-area Christian station that received some of its initial funding from Albert Pujols.
Deidre Pujols, speaking with interviewer Sandi Brown, who is their friend, said the couple initially had no plans to ever leave St. Louis or the Cardinals, the only team the first baseman had ever played for.
"When it all came down, I was mad. I was mad at God because I felt like all the signs that had been played out through the baseball field, our foundation, our restaurant, the Down Syndrome Center, my relationships, my home, my family close," Deidre Pujols told the station. "I mean, we had no reason, not one reason, to want to leave. People were deceived by the numbers."
They indicated the key moment was the Cardinals' initial offer of five years and $130 million.
"When you have somebody say 'We want you to be a Cardinal for life' and only offer you a five-year deal, it kind of confused us," Deidre Pujols said. "Well, we got over that insult and felt like Albert had given so much of themselves to baseball and into the community ... we didn't want to go through this again."
Deidre Pujols told the station the negative reaction in St. Louis over their husband's decision to sign with the Angels has been striking.
"Albert has never lied. People are like 'Oh, we thought we knew who they are.' Well, we thought we knew who they were," they told the station.
"The city of St. Louis has absolutely been deceived and I have never seen hatred spread so fast and I understand why," they added. "Let me say that Albert and me never, not one time, ever made plans to leave this city."
Deidre Pujols also said they had no ill will toward the Cardinals or owner Bill DeWitt and that they understand the fans' frustration with their husband's decision.
"It's just like God," they said at the end of the interview, "to put us on a team called the Angels."
I wanted to take one last look at the Panetta declaration, this time with respect to what it says about classifying torture (also see Mary's long comment and pmorlan's comment on this topic).
NSC Officials Made This a Special Access Program, Not Director of CIA
Panetta tells a funny story about how (but not when) the torture program became a special access program.
Section 6.1(kk) of the Executive Order defines a "special access program" as "a program established for a special class of classified information that imposes safeguarding and access requirements that exceed those normally required for information at the same classification level." Section 4.5 of the Order specifies the U.S. Government officials who may create a special access program. This section further provides that for special access programs pertaining to intelligence activities (including special activities, but not including military operations, strategic, and tactical programs), or intelligence sources or methods, this function shall be exercised by the Director of the CIA. [snip] Officials at the National Security Council, (NSC) determined that in light of the extraordinary circumstances affecting the vital interests of the United States and the senstivity of the activities contemplated in the CIA terrorist detention and interrogation program, it was essential to limit access to the information in the program. NSC officials established a special access program governing access to information relating to the CIA terrorist detention and interrogation program. As the executive agent for implementing the terrorist detention and interrogation program, the CIA is responsible for limiting access to such information in accordance with the NSC's direction. [my emphasis]
See the funny bit? The first paragraph says the Director of the CIA "shall" "exercise" the function of creating special access programs pertaining to intelligence. But then the very next paragraph says "NSC officials established a special access program." One paragraph says the Director of CIA has to do it, but the next paragraph admits someone else did it.
And in case you were wondering whether the EO was really serious about the Director of CIA having to make the SAP, here's the language from the EO:
Unless otherwise authorized by the President, only the Secretaries of State, Defense, and Energy, and the Director of Central Intelligence, or the principal deputy of each, may create a special access program. For special access programs pertaining to intelligence activities (including special activities, but not including military operational, strategic, and tactical programs), or intelligence sources or methods, this function shall be exercised by the Director of Central Intelligence.
What do you want to bet that the "NSC Officials" who made this a SAP were not the Secretaries of State, Defense, or Energy–or their Deputies?
Mind you, the passage does say, "unless otherwise authorized by the President," and this EO is the famous source of the Fourth Branch's claims that they should be treated just like the President for the purposes of this EO, so if Dick Cheney happened to tell their Deputy, Scooter Libby, that it was time to make this a super secret program to keep it away from people like Colin Powell, I'm sure the Fourth Branch's lawyer, David Addington, would have a legal excuse ready at hand.
So, for the moment, let's just note that there's something funny going on with who made torture a special access program.
TOP SECRET Torture Becomes Special Access After the Fact
Now, let's talk about the funny things going on with when torture became a special access program. Bybee One–the memo generally authorizing torture–was not classified at all. Bybee Two–the memo authorizing specific techniques–was classified TOP SECRET, but had no markings for a special access program. It appears that when these memos were written, the torture program was not yet a special access program.
The 2003 Yoo memo–written to authorize torture by DOD–is a special case, since it's not part of the CIA program. It was classified SECRET. Yet it's special, too, because of the funny treatment it got. As Bill Leonard testified,
the OLC memo did not contain the identity of the official who designated this information as classified in the first instance, even though this is a fundamental requirement of the President's classification system. In addition, the memo contained neither declassification instructions nor a concise reason for the classification, likewise basic requirements.
There's more–such as Leonard's observation that the memo, which breaks all the EO's rules on classification, was completed within a week of the EO that governs classification.
Finally, there are the 2005 memos–the Bradbury Memos (Techniques, Combined, CAT). All are classified TOP SECRET and all include what I understand to be redacted compartment information (the redacted word between TOP SECRET and NOFORN). In other words, it appears that this program did not start out as a special access program, but it became one, at the direction of "NSC Officials" some time between 2002 and 2005.
Cables Marked as SECRET Become TOP SECRET
Then there's the last bit, wherein cables originally classified as SECRET apparently have become TOP SECRET.
In their declaration, Panetta notes that some of the documents in the declaration were not marked properly:
Many of the operational communications were originally marked as SECRET in our communications database even though they should have been marked as TOP SECRET, and some of the miscellaneous documents were not properly marked. While we are not altering original electronic copies, this error is being corrected for copies printed for review in this case.
Given that Panetta uses the word "many," I assume this means more than just the one operational cable from HQ to Field, dated November 30, 2002, that is marked SECRET on the CIA's list of documents (I believe the other documents marked SECRET are what Panetta treats as "miscellaneous" documents). So, first of all, there's the funny detail that the CIA has been representing these documents to be TOP SECRET to Judge Hellerstein since at least May 1, yet they're only now getting around to telling them (now that they're turning some over for their review) that they were originally actually marked SECRET.
But here's another funny detail. Similar cables from 2004 (see documents 54 and 55) were also marked SECRET (though some in the same series–particularly those from HQ to Field–were marked Top Secret). Now I have no way of knowing that these cables are exactly analogous (though I suspect they include discussions about whether to torture Hassan Ghul), but they do pertain to torture and detention.
So did they just discover all of these cables from the field should have been marked TOP SECRET from the start? Or did the rules change, once the program was designated–by people in NSC, not CIA–that it should be a special access program? Or is the SECRET designation a more recent phenomenon, one tied to the FOIA?
There's a lot that's funny about the classification of this program. But it sure looks like they were making up the classifications–like the program itself–as they went along.
India recently cleared a legislation to more than double the provision for maternity leave to 26 weeks, a move that was widely hailed as a big step forward for working women. However, contrary to popular perception, it may only prove right those who believed that it would deter companies from hiring female employees in the first place.
Asked how their hiring approaches would change with the new maternity bill in place, over a quarter of respondents (26%) from a survey of more than 4,300 entrepreneurs, startups, and small & medium enterprises (SMEs) said they would now prefer to hire male employees instead, according to Local Circles, a citizen engagement social network. Another 40% said they will hire female employees but will consider if the cost is worth the candidate.
That doesn't bode well for India's woefully low female labour force participation rate. Pregnancy is already considered a career-killer, with many to-be and new mothers facing discrimination at the workplace, being skipped over for promotions or even being fired outright. Some companies even blatantly avoid hiring women who are soon to be married or planning to have kids, asking intrusive questions about their plans for marriage and children at job interviews. And that's something male job seekers in a similar situation rarely have to contend with.
Behind all this discrimination is the matter of money: A female employee on paid maternity leave for six months is a cost to the company. Besides, under the new law, if a company has 30 women or 50 employees in total, it must also provide creche facilities, either in the office or within a 500-metre radius—an added cost.
That's why even though 39% of the survey's respondents welcomed the maternity bill, saying it would lead to a happier workforce, 35% said it would have a negative impact on business, affecting costs and profitability.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - With the statewide bear harvest standing at 295 bears at the end of the second day of Florida's bear hunt, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said it closed the North and South bear management units to hunting Sunday.
[RELATED: Bear hunt halted in Central Florida]
The East Panhandle and Central BMUs met their harvest objectives and closed to bear hunting Saturday.
FWC said the 2015 bear hunt is officially over in all four of the state's seven BMUs that offered bear hunting.
While hunter success was higher than expected in the East Panhandle and Central BMUs, success rates were comparable to other states with similar hunt structures and were within sustainable limits, according to FWC.
The higher-than-expected harvest in the East Panhandle may reflect a higher bear population in that unit. FWC said it expects the 2016 survey to show populations to be significantly higher than the East Panhandle's 2002 population estimate of 600 bears.
Bear Management Unit Harvest Totals, according to FWC:
East Panhandle BMU = 112 bears
Central BMU = 139 bears
North BMU = 23 bears
South BMU = 21 bears
While North and South BMUs are closed to bear hunting effective immediately, check stations within those BMUs will stay open through noon Monday. Whether taken on private or public land, FWC said hunters must check their bear within 12 hours of recovering it at any of the established bear check stations in the North and South BMUs.
People for the bear hunt said it's a way to control the population. Others said there has to be another way.
"I think it was way overdue. We should of done it years ago," said taxidermist Jef Whitlock, of Bucks and Boars.
Whitlock said he's got four bears ready to stuff from this weekend's hunt. FWC counted 295 bears killed during the state's first hunting season. They said it was needed, that the bears taken down aren't the small fuzzy bear that need protecting.
"Until you have your 14-year-old son petrified by one because they want to climb up in the tree with him, they have no clue," Whitlock said.
Chuck O'neal said they tried to stop the hunt with "Speak up Wachiva," that the numbers over the weekend were a slaughter. O'neal said the FWC promised about 36 bears a day would be killed and on Saturday aline 207 bears were taken down.
"Our figures from our monitors show that about a third of all the kills were lactating females, that are leaving behind cubs, it's tragic," said O'neal.
O'neal claims there's no proof that bear hunts stop bear attacks.
"There is no scientific evidence that says that a hunt of this size of this type has any impact what so ever on bear human conflicts," O'neal said.
"In all honesty, yes we have too many in different areas and they need to let us take care of it," Whitlock said.
Copyright 2015 by ClickOrlando.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
ENGLEWOOD, Colorado — Ahmad Brooks is the grey beard of the 49ers defense, a 32-year-old outside linebacker who is one of the last survivors of their 2012 season's Super Bowl run.
What are they still doing there, amid the franchise's obvious rebuild?
Brooks represents the 49ers' best chance of sacking quarterbacks, at least through the season's first four games while Aaron Lynch serves a suspension for substance-abuse.
Brooks won't disagree with that assessment.
“I believe in my heart that I'm one of the best football players in the NFL today, regardless what position I play,” Brooks said this week. “That's how I've been my whole life: I've just been one of the best guys on the team.”
They looked like one of the best Thursday in a joint practice with the host Denver Broncos. They produced a would-be sack of Mark Sanchez and nearly intercepted rookie Trevor Siemian, who will start Saturday night's exhibition.
It's the second straight year the 49ers worked out at the Broncos' facility on back-to-back days prior to an exhibition. But Brooks didn't stick around for last year's follow-up practice.
A year ago, Brooks had to fly home before that Thursday's practice, having been charged by Santa Clara County prosecutors with sexual battery in a December 2014 incident with a woman at former 49ers Ray McDonald's house.
Their tenure with the 49ers was in jeopardy, as was their legal freedom, of course. Brooks has not discussed the case as it weaves through the judicial system. A July 18 pretrial conference was continued to Nov. 21, according to prosecutors.
Trent Baalke, the 49ers general manager, wasn't aware of Brooks' legal standing when the topic came up Wednesday during an interview. Nothing new has happened regarding the case since Baalke and the 49ers aligned themselves with Brooks amid their troubles.
“Ahmad and I, along with ownership, we sat down and had a great visit when Ahmad was going through a lot of this,” Baalke said. “We listened to him. We dug into the situation. We decided it was in the best interest in all of us to stand behind the player.
“He's made some mistakes; he's well aware he's made some mistakes,” Baalke added. —… I couldn't be happier with the progress he's made off the field. He's done everything asked of him.”
On the field, Brooks had a sack, three tackles and chased down a running back in Sunday's opener.
Brooks' 45½ sacks since 2009 rank them fourth on the 49ers' all-time list of sack leaders. Their next regular-season sack will tie them with Dana Stubblefield for third place behind Bryant Young (89.5) and Charles Haley (66.5).
“What Ahmad does really well is their feel for football,” outside linebackers coach Jason Tarver said. “When they start with speed and feels blockers, he's really good at seeing and bursting from that blocker to get to the quarterback.”
Such moves come with experience. As Brooks enters their 11th season, he's already passed their rookie goal of lasting 10 seasons, and they now watch film to confirm he's still a high-caliber player. Keeping their body fresh isn't as easy, however.
“Man, I know I'm 32 years old, and this is my 11th year, so the things I was able to get away with before, I can't now,” Brooks said. “So I have to keep that in the back of my mind as far as maintenance, rehab, hot tub, and cold tub — my best friend right now.”
Brooks isn't exactly surrounded by long-time friends on the defense. Since 2014, there's been a wave of departures, replaced by a surge of first- and second-year players.
“They keep me young,” Brooks said. “A lot guys on the team don't think I'm 32 years old. They think I'm 27 or 28. I'm like, ‘What?'
“I guess it's the way I act because I don't seem like I'm old. That's how I approach this game — I try to stay kid-like as much as possible.”
Now it's up to Tarver, new coach Chip Kelly and new defensive coordinator Jim O'Neil to tap into whatever Brooks has left in their career. Baalke said the coaches are “very pleased” with Brooks' transition to the new defensive system.
“He looks to have a lot of gas left in the tank,” Baalke added.
Added Tarver: “He likes where we're headed with the scheme overall, and also with the youth and the competition around him.”
Brooks and Lynch shared the team lead in sacks each of the past two seasons. But they only totaled six sacks in 2014 and 6½ last season, numbers that pale in comparison to Aldon Smith's totals in 2011 (14 sacks) and 2012 (19½) .
Brooks believes 6-8 defensive tackles Arik Armstead and DeForest Buckner will bolster the entire defense's pass rush.
“Pass rush isn't just about one man,” Brooks said. “You've got to look at the time Aldon was getting all those sacks. It wasn't just Aldon Smith beating the guy one on one. It was Justin Smith on the same side as him.
“I'm excited about this year, not just for me but everybody else.”
For more on the 49ers, see Cam Inman's Hot Read blog at blogs.mercurynews.com/49ers. Follow them on Twitter at twitter.com/CamInman.
Burned out buildings. Abandoned neighbourhoods. Whole blocks of urban terrain, bulldozed and turned over to nature. Could this be Calgary in 30 years?
It seems hard to imagine that Canada's fastest-growing business city will become the Detroit of the North in a few decades. But even before this year's economic downturn, Calgary has been compared to Detroit in very unflattering ways. Both cities seem addicted to one industry – in Detroit it was automobiles; in Calgary, petroleum. Because of this lack of diversity, some predict Calgary will go the way of the Motor City.
While the comparisons are hard to ignore, the contrasts between Calgary and Detroit are even stronger. Unlike Detroit in its heyday, Calgary has always been a highly entrepreneurial city. The image of "the Alberta maverick" is folklore in this province. Plucky oil barons in the 1920s, with nothing more than optimism and a huge appetite for risk, built Canada's petroleum industry out of nothing. A whole wing of a major Calgary museum is dedicated to them.
Story continues below advertisement
Empirical evidence shows that Alberta's entrepreneurial tendency is no myth. In fact, Alberta embraces small business more than almost anywhere. And that will go a long way in preventing long-term economic demise.
The recently released 2014 Global Entrepreneurship Monitor calculates how pervasive and highly valued entrepreneurs are in 24 innovation-driven nations. The "total early state activity" rate (TEA) is a gauge of entrepreneurship based on several measurable criteria. The report focuses on the importance of entrepreneurship in promoting four key goals: economic growth, job creation, sustainability and quality of life.
Canada and Australia are essentially tied for second place in the world. With a score of 13.0, Canada ranks very closely behind the first-place Americans who scored 13.8. Other countries of the world perform quite poorly. With scores of 4.4 and 3.8 respectively, Italy and Japan rank as the least entrepreneurial places in the industrialized world. (This could partly explain their stubborn economic stagnation.)
The rankings of the Canadian provinces are particularly striking. Alberta was in top spot with a TEA score of 18.1 – almost a third higher than the top-ranked United States. British Columbia came in second place with a score of 17, while both Ontario and Quebec placed close to the Canadian average.
While it's not quite statistically correct to compare national and sub-national rankings, the general conclusion is that Alberta is one of the most entrepreneurial places on Earth. It's also the key ingredient for a city wanting to avoid a Detroit-style economic death. We don't have data for Detroit in the years before its decline, but it isn't a stretch to believe its degree of entrepreneurship was lower than Calgary's is today.
The joke in Alberta goes like this: What do you call an unemployed Calgarian? Answer: a consultant. There's a long tradition of unemployed oil and gas workers becoming self-employed consultants, picking up contract work here and there (often with the companies that laid them off), or partnering with other recently unemployed peers to strike out and start something new. This is why, nine months into an economic downturn, Alberta's unemployment rate remains well below the national average. Self-employment is counted by Statistics Canada as "currently working."
The nature of Detroit's auto sector made this impossible. Unemployed middle-aged workers in Detroit, with nothing more than a high school education and 25 years on an auto assembly line, cannot become consultants. They can hardly take the skills and knowledge they've learned in the industry and strike out on their own. To put it bluntly, they're doomed.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
It's true that most of Calgary's consultants probably wished they had not lost their jobs. They are almost certainly earning less money, and will actively seek permanent employment with a company when energy prices rebound. But out of the seeds of today's entrepreneurial efforts will grow new companies, stronger and better and more resilient than ever.
Calgary still has a problem with its dependence on petroleum. But the entrepreneurial spirit is alive and well, showing that the city's labour market is remarkably adaptable. Sitting at home moping is not in the DNA of out-of-work Calgarians. They don't wait for opportunity. They create it.
Todd Hirsch is the Calgary-based chief economist of ATB Financial, and author of The Boiling Frog Dilemma: Saving Canada from Economic Decline
Wide receiver coach Keith Williams knows Saturday he'll have to be on top of their game in a couple of ways.
First the Huskers will need to solve a Wisconsin defense that has befuddled their receivers for the past two seasons. Both during the week and especially on Saturday, Williams will have their hands full making sure the right guys are in at the right time.
There isn't much less pressure though when the lights aren't on and he's got to try to convince a pair of visiting wide receivers why they're needed at Nebraska, and Williams has less than 48 hours to do it.
Four-star pass catchers Tommy Bush and Brian Hightower join committed receivers Cameron Brown and Joshua Moore on campus this weekend.
Williams said throughout the years he's learned how to approach big game weekends combined with big recruiting weekends.
“You can't change (routine) too much, because the goal is to win the game,” Williams said. “You don't want to get off your routine that's going to allow you to be in the best position routine wise to win the game. So there's not much. Obviously, you make some small adjustments to accommodate both, but you don't flip your routine upside down.”
Williams, who between spring games and regular fall visit weekends has sometimes had more than 10 visitors on campus at once, said it is important to make sure there's time for those that visit, especially if they're a high priority target.
“It just depends on the group, the total amount of recruits coming in and who they actually are,” Williams said. “What the relationship is, the status and so you just kind of feel it out and come up with the best plan that you can.”
It does help Williams that he's got a pair in Brown and Moore, who already said yes to Nebraska and can serve as guides for Bush and Hightower, when Williams is busy with game planning or doing something else.
“It's important,” Williams said. “It's always good to have guys that have the same interest at heart, around somebody that you're trying to sway that way. That part is always good.”
The invading Turkish army and allied gangs attacked the liberated villages in Shehba and Efrîn, Rojava the night before.
Artillery attacks by Turkish troops and gangs under their command targeted Mirenar, Fîlat, Qetma, Qestelcindo villages in Shera and Cilber and Îska villages in Sherawa region of Efrin.
Erfad (Til Rifat), Minix, Şêx Îsa and Bilûniyê areas, liberated by and under control of Revolutionary Forces (Jaysh al-Thuwar), were also among the targets of the attacks on Shehba region.
The artillery attacks left 4 civilians, including a woman, wounded and these were taken to the Avrîn Hospital in Efrîn for treatment.
The Turkish army and affiliated gangs have also intensified their attacks on Yazî Bax and Kefranton villages in Shehba region. Dozens of cannonballs have hit both villages at around 03:00 last night. The attack left 3 civilians dead and 4 from the same family wounded, who were taken to the Avrîn Hospital. According to the hospital sources, the wounded civilians are in critical conditions.
Civilians killed in the attack are: Xezala Yûsiv (40), Mûawiya El-Yûsif (13), Tebarîk El-Yûsif (13).
Civilians wounded in the attack are: Xensa El-Yûsif (18), Rinda El-Yûsif (23), Fîdaa El-Yûsif (19) and Aya El Yûsif (16).
The Kefranton village in Shehba region had been cleared of Jabhat al-Nusra gangs in February, 2016.
It's confirmed: Dallas will get two more branches of upscale supermarket Central Market. One will open at McKinney and Lemmon avenues in Uptown; the other will open at Midway Road and Northwest Highway, in the Bluffview neighborhood.
The store at Midway Road will undergo a wall-to-wall remodel. It's projected to open in fall 2017, but no date has been set for the Uptown store.
Senior VP Stephen Butt says in a release that the company has had its eye on these two locations "for many years." Both stores are former Sun Fresh Markets (although the Uptown spot is better known as Albertsons), which parent company H-E-B acquired in August from RLS Supermarkets.
There were six total, which H-E-B purchased as a package deal in order to get these two locations, says spokesperson Mabrie Jackson.
"We have since sold the Mockingbird Lane and Abrams Road location to Lincoln Properties, and plans for the remaining three stores are still under evaluation," Jackson says. "However, these will likely be sold or leased to other retail tenants."
The other three locations are in McKinney, Grapevine, and Lake Highlands, at Northwest Highway and Ferndale Road.
The news is likely to come as a blow to many residents in those neighborhoods who hoped that they might be getting an H-E-B.
This brings the total number of Central Markets in Dallas to four, and seven in North Texas. There are nine Central Market locations statewide, including the original in Austin, Houston, and San Antonio.
Power rankings are when every character is ranked from first place to last place. Here is an interactive chart showing the power rankings for every character in Super Smash Brothers Melee (SSBM) over time.
Super Smash Brothers can be played as a hardcore 1v1 no-items fighting game like Street Fighter. Players on the internet vote to rank game characters from best to worst. These lists are updated and evolve over time. What's interesting is that Smash Brothers has never been patched. The balance of the game has never changed. The only thing that actually changes is player perception of that balance.
For readers new and old, here's a quick recap of what's been covered so far.
Part One and Part Two are available for your reading pleasure.
Welcome to the third and final post on the balance of Super Smash Brothers. At long last I'm going to talk about tiers. If you're a new reader then you may way to play catch up by reading the first two posts. If you've been following along then carry on.
Tiers are a layer on top of power rankings. A tier is a group of characters that are considered roughly equal in terms of strength. A tier list simply an ordered power ranking list where all characters are also categorized into a tier. Here's what a single tier list looks like.
I give an in-depth analysis on these rankings in part one . Then in part two I give the same level of analysis for Super Smash Brothers Brawl (SSBB).
Now that we've seen a single tier list let's look at how they evolved over time. The chart you're about to see is dense and overwhelming. Don't worry, I'll break it down.
For example Sheik is #1 overall and is still considered better than Peach. However Sheik and Peach are both in the top most tier so you can expect to see both characters winning tournaments or placing well. Mario is the ‘Upper' tier. So he's considered good, but not necessarily great. Mario probably sees some tournament play, but rarely wins. Bowser and Kirby are both bottom tier. Not only do they never win tournaments they aren't even played competitively.
This is a single tier list for Super Smash Brothers Melee from June 2003. Characters are ranked #1 to #26 from top to bottom. Within this list we can also see four distinct tiers — top, upper, middle, and bottom.
This is every tier list for Super Smash Brothers Melee. Lists ordered chronologically left to right. Characters ordered best to worst from top to bottom. If you look closely you'll see it's remarkably similar to the Power Rankings chart above!
Take a moment to look it over. See what jumps out at you. The chart is mildly interactive. If you mouse over or tap a character name it'll focus on them.
Breakdown
The most interesting bits about this chart to me don't involve individual characters. Instead it's about the overall organization. The way tiers evolve and change.
Focus on the “Upper” tier for a moment. It starts off quite large then narrows and lifts over time. “Bottom” shrinks at first before suddenly doubling in July '06. Later a new super bottom “Neglible” tier is added. The “High” tier doesn't exist at first, is created, destroyed, then created again.
Examining the “Top” tier is also interesting. It fluctuates in size quite a bit. I like that the Oct '03 and March '05 “Top” Top tiers both have only two characters, but they're completely different! The top tier changed relatively quickly from Sheik/Marth to Fox/Falco.
If you looked at two last columns you'll see the naming scheme changes completely. It moves to a more school letter grade system plus ‘S' at the top. The Dec '10 list has an eye popping eight distinct tiers.
Building this visualization required mild creative license. I attempted to match colors to tiers for their intended meaning but in some cases that's tricky. It doesn't help that the official lists completely flipped Upper/High part way through. In the early lists Upper is above High, but in Sept '10 they changed it such that High is above Upper! Why? It is a mystery. For clarity and sanity I decided to keep the tier titles consistent.
For seven years there is a trend of increasingly distinct tiers. The final tier list from July '13 reverses course with a major simplification. It has a mere four categories. Here is the description of what they mean from the wikipedia.
“The S tier consists of characters who are generally always tournament viable and can consistently place high in significant tournaments. The tier consists of semi-viable characters who can place high in very competent hands, but have significant disadvantages that keep them from consistently placing high in significant tournaments. The B tier consists of characters who may have situational use, but are generally not viable for tournament use and will probably never place high when used alone, even in minor tournaments. Lastly, the F tier consists of characters who are never viable in tournament play.”
Interpretation
Now what do we make of all this? What does it mean? Before answering what it is I think it's helpful to say what it isn't.
Tier lists are not an objective statement on what the game is. They can't be. The lists continuously change even though the game stays the same! Quite surprisingly they aren't even a subjective statement on what the game is. That's what I assumed they were all along, but it's not quite right.
Tier lists are an objective review of how the game was played. They're a reflection of the past!
I think the community finally nailed down what they were doing with the July '13 list. That's why I gave the full community description of what it means. S tier characters regularly win tournaments. A tier don't quite consistently place high in major tournaments. B tier don't even place well in minor tournaments. And F tier never consistently place anywhere.
In a sense these lists are the same thing as standings in any professional sports league. They're merely a system for rating how well characters have done in tournament play since the last list. They don't define objective truth on game balance nor are they a predictor for the future.
I don't think this is a bad thing. It's just important to recognize what tier lists and power rankings actually mean. They're a reflection of past tournament results. Nothing less and nothing more. I love them.
Brawl
I don't want to do a full analysis on Brawl. I will however put up the massive, absurdly long tier list and comment on a few things.
Super Smash Brothers Brawl — 2005 to 2013
Chris Fox, CP24.com
A total of 17 TTC employees have tested positive for drugs or alcohol since random testing began in May, including two operators and one manager.
The TTC says that drugs were detected in 12 of the positive tests while the other five pertained to alcohol.
A total of 680 employees have been chosen for the random tests so far.
“It is something that is concerning for us in terms of the numbers,” TTC Spokesperson Brad Ross told CTV News Toronto on Wednesday. “It is about 2.5 per cent of those tested.”
About 10,000 TTC employees, including front-line workers, management and executives, are subject to random alcohol and drug testing.
Ross said that 10 of the employees who have tested positive were either fired or resigned in order to avoid being dismissed. There is also an ongoing investigation into four other positive tests, Ross said.
The three other positive tests, however, resulted in the employee being reinstated after the TTC determined that they were dealing with a disability, in this case an addiction.
“We have an obligation as an employer to ensure that we get them the help they need to overcome that addiction, to get treatment and to come back to their job clear of substance abuse,” Ross said. “That is something that we as an employer continue to do where appropriate.”
Ross said that the “vast majority” of the TTC's employees are reporting for work fit for duty but they said that the random testing is necessary to ensure the safety of the transit system.
“If someone comes to work not fit for duty there is no excuse. They will be let go unless there is some demonstrable proof that what they have is a disability, an addiction for example,” they said.
By: Mackenzie Chase
Earlier this year in March, in the wake of a contentious presidential election, a billboard was installed in the downtown Phoenix area. Its depiction of a surly Donald Trump surrounded by nuclear mushroom clouds and dollar signs bearing a deliberate resemblance to swastikas caught the attention of drivers making their way down busy Grand Avenue. It was a statement made by artist and activist Karen Fiorito that brought both positive and negative reactions from the public, including notice by national news media.
The Santa Monica-based artist is no stranger to controversy though. They have created art speaking out against politicians on the right and FOX News for many years, demanding attention to issues they feel are important. A series of billboards that have been installed throughout California and Phoenix highlights drought and how animal agriculture is a large contributor.
Some of their less obvious politically-framed works show animals as sacred beings through imagery borrowed from Buddhism and Hinduism. As a vegan, Fiorito is an advocate for animal rights and how veganism is beneficial to a healthy environment.
“I believe all beings are worthy of compassion and love, and in order for the planet to survive, we need to find that compassion for ourselves, the Earth and all of the creatures who are an integral and interconnected part of our ecosystem,” they write in the artist statement on their website [www.karenfiorito.me].
The artist has had to change their home phone number due to receiving death threats and was hesitant to give it out again, so the following interview was conducted over email.
MC: In your words, what's the connection between art and activism?
KF: Art has always been political. Art has been used as a propaganda tool for those in power across cultures and historical periods. Artists have always reacted and responded to the current events and politics of the day. Whether commenting on war, famine, religion or culture, artists have always lifted a mirror to society. Artists also cannot become untangled from their zeitgeist, so culture and politics play a major role in artists lives, as they always have from the beginning of the history of art. Art can play a positive role in society by engaging the public, opening dialogues, and enlightening and uplifting people, although it is not often used that way.
Can there be one without the other?
No. Even if you ignore politics in your art, that is a political statement. Ignoring war, poverty, injustice and inhumanity is a political act. Focusing on abstract shapes and pretty pictures is a political act.
Remember, "Art for Art's Sake" is a modern phenomenon: Art has always served a purpose in society: first to pay tribute to the Gods, then to Royalty and now to Capitalism.
How long have you been using your art to make a statement?
Since I was a teenager. Art saved my life and allowed me to express myself in ways I never thought possible. As far as being overtly political, I started making "political" art during my undergraduate years and continued into graduate school. I stopped making overtly "political" for a while during Obama but was called upon to make a statement on the election results. I was making work about animals and animal agriculture's effects on the environment. These works are still political to me, just not as in-your-face.
The reaction to your ‘Trumpocalypse and Unity' billboard since it went up earlier this year has been mixed, and even led to death threats and vandalism of the billboard—were you expecting this and how have you dealt with it?
Yes, I was expecting a violent reaction from the right: there always is to anything that challenges their belief system. Fox News and similar organizations have run articles on me intended to incite as much hatred and violence towards me as they do. I even made a video of some of the call I got accusing me of hate speech with photos of Anti-Obama billboards superimposed. People forget that there were billboards calling for Obama's lynching and questioning their birth certificate. The only thing that surprised me was the outflowing of support. That is something I never experienced too much of before.
What other reactions have you gotten from previous free speech-themed pieces?
I have gotten similar reactions from my Anti-George Bush and Anti-Fox News billboards as compared to 'Trumpocalypse.' I also have gotten a lot of support. Similar to this situation, only not as much volume.
Being based in Santa Monica, how did you choose Phoenix as its location?
I was in graduate school at ASU and found the billboard through a professor. It was close to the location of my thesis show, and the owners agreed to let me use it. They asked me in January to do one about Trump because they, like millions of Americans, were very upset. The Fox News billboard I did was in Santa Monica. I also have a billboard campaign called 'Got Drought?' which has toured 6 major California cities and is currently up on the I-17 in Phoenix.
Have you made any other art installations about Trump in your city or others?
No. I only wanted to do one Trump piece. I have no intention of making 4 years of Anti-Trump work; it's too depressing. I want to focus on more positive work, like the other side of my Trumpocalypse billboard, which is 'UNITY' in sign language. I have redesigned this image to be even more inclusive and hope to have it up in the form of a mural in Los Angeles in 2018.
The current political climate is so polarized, with people on both sides claiming free speech when criticizing each other—at what point would you say free speech turns into hate speech?
Hate speech is speech that attacks a person or group on the basis of gender, race, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability or gender. It is speech that poses an imminent danger or has the intention of inciting unlawful action. One thing I learned from this experience is that people don't understand that there is a difference between free speech and hate speech. Hate speech is not free speech, and the only way to remedy hate speech is with more free speech, not silence.
What I made was not 'hate speech' but 'core political speech', which is the most protected form of speech. It is highly guarded because of its purely expressive nature and its importance in a functioning republic.
Photo by: Patrick Allen Taylor
MacKenzie Chase is a journalist currently living and working in Flagstaff, Arizona. The more they learn, the more they realize that they know nothing at all
Republished with permission from the Arizona Daily Sun
In geopolitical disputes between Moscow and Kiev, natural gas is a frequent tool used by the Russians to bring Ukraine back into political line. With frigid winter temperatures, Ukraine is heavily reliant on Russian gas to provide heating, and in recent years, the Russians have twice cut off gas supplies to the country.
That eventuality could play a role in the current crisis. Now Germany's major energy utility companies are developing strategies to help Ukraine fill the shortfall if Moscow decides to cut gas supplies. Companies including RWE and E.on are working on plans to supply Ukraine with weeks' worth of gas.
Currently, Ukraine taps around half of it gas needs from Russia. But last Friday, Russian Gas monopolist Gazprom threatened to suspend deliveries to Ukraine if the country doesn't pay its outstanding February bill of 1.7 billion ($2.35 billion).
In an emergency, the flow through Europe's pipelines could simply be reversed, with gas getting pumped from German reservoirs through the Czech Republic and Slovakia directly to Ukraine. Following this year's especially mild winter, Germany's reservoirs are much fuller than usual. Even long-term deliveries would be conceivable at the moment.
Ukraine already signed a framework agreement in 2012 with RWE to make the gas deliveries possible. Under the contract, the company has committed itself to delivering up to 10 billion cubic meters of gas per year to Ukraine, which the country was going to use this summer to fill its reservoirs for the coming winter. But RWE executives say they could provide deliveries much sooner.
DER SPIEGEL Graphic: Rethinking Ukraine Gas Deliveries
RWE currently draws its gas from Norway or the Netherlands, both major suppliers in Western Europe. It would also be possible to redirect Russian gas from the Nord Stream Baltic Sea pipeline -- which connects Russia and Germany -- through pipelines in the Czech Republic and Slovakia to Ukraine. The Russians have included provisions in their supply contracts with Germany prohibiting such redirection, but a high-ranking energy utility executive told SPIEGEL these clauses are easily circumvented. "Once gas has been delivered to a storage facility, it is impossible to determine where it came from," the source said.
Around 35 percent of natural gas supplies in Germany originate from Russia, but that energy dependence could soon wane as a result of controversial fracking technologies in the United States. The country is currently extracting so much natural gas that it may soon begin exporting it in large volumes.
#fuckcispeople, the Twitter hash tag, provoked an overdue exchange between “etiquette politics” as a more suitable approach for working within normative channels, versus what was perceived as guerrilla tactics intended to disrupt organized, exclusive (and exclusionary) social activism projects. The irony was that the origin of this hash tag was neither a tactic nor a guerrilla flavour of activism. It was a spark of spontaneous exasperation expressed in a tweet by Laurelai Bailey (@stuxnetsource) following a discussion between them and Caroline Criado-Perez, on the U.S. military leaking the email and photo that in 2010 Bradley Chelsea Manning sent to disclose being trans (just before being arrested). The tweet was critical of how for the last two years, it was known to several trans and even cis people that Manning was not a cis gay man, despite cis gay mass media portraying otherwise:
https://twitter.com/stuxnetsource/status/368106409952428032
Understandably but unexpectedly, Bailey's hash tag ignited a firestorm. It burnt through a fraction of pent-up abuse, trauma, and anger experienced by people who are trans and gender-non-conforming, at the hands of people who are cis. #fuckcispeople resonated because the tweets were a product of the structural cisnormativity through which every trans and gender-non-conforming person has had to confront at some point. Relative to cis people — other intersectional experiences remaining unchanged — such confrontations occur disproportionately at the endangerment to and hardship of health, security, and opportunity for trans people. A bit like The Matrix, it may be impossible to know how such danger or harm will reveal itself until it actually happens. Consequently, many trans and GNC people have learnt how this can come from anywhere, at anytime, and are on a constant state of alert — even when that alertness stays deep within the recesses of one's cognition. For some, this manifests as a persistent level of stress unknown to their cis counterpart. #fuckcispeople might have been a way for Bailey to voice their own frustration, but it turned out that quite a few trans people were no less exasperated in their own ways.
@Cisnormativity, our Twitter account, monitored the #fuckcispeople conversation for the better part of its run. Its draw was instantly memetic, organic, and unregulated. Roughly a couple of hundred voices spoke candidly on their own experiences of structural cisnormativity — namely, its silencing of trans agency and its unchecked institutional abuse toward trans and GNC people. They offered harrowing narratives of ineffable violence. I posted some tweets relating to my own personal experiences, but frankly I was in gut-churned awe by what others were revealing. #fuckcispeople was a rare, shared catharsis within a social order where such therapy is chance and episodic, and where the venues to have such conversations are fleeting. The #fuckcispeople tweets were not representative of all trans people, or even some trans people, but they were representative of the people posting them. By reading the many #fuckcispeople tweets, however, one could glean patterns in cisnormative barriers faced by trans people. The hash tag also made it easier for trans and GNC people to be heard and, paradoxically, to not stand out as much (than had they tweeted without memetic context).
Keep in mind that the #fuckcispeople hash tag, during its August 15th to 16th run, was not palatable to all trans people. This makes sense, as trans people's world views are no less diversified than the world views of cis people. Several spoke to defend that the #fuckcispeople “campaign” was counterproductive, even divisive. They said that earning the tolerance and respect of good cis people was more important. Suggestions were few, but consistent: find another hash tag which didn't use the f-bomb to alienate “allies”; praise instead cis people who tolerate trans people; and come up with a more productive “campaign” which didn't engage in an optics of “rage.” Some remarked on their own intersectional observations of how the hash tag may have overlooked the way that intersections of gender, race, and class implicate one another within communities:
I think it is easier for white trans people to shout #fuckcispeople so easily because they do not experience racial discrimination. yup. — Dr. Kortney Ziegler (@fakerapper) August 16, 2013
everything thats wrong with certain group of peoples approach to equality can be summed up by them believing #fuckcispeople is a good idea — Tara Hewitt (@Tara_Hewitt) August 16, 2013
Oh dear. I see #fuckcispeople has become a thing. I totally understand trans people's anger but I really don't think this is helpful. — Paris ★ Lees (@ParisLees) August 16, 2013
the #solidarityisforwhitewomen tag actually contains a coherent, meaningful message. #fuckcispeople is just generalized anger. — Savannah (@leftytgirl) August 16, 2013
Conversations on structural barriers — spontaneous discussions especially — can reveal some of the most unvarnished, raw narratives on how those barriers undermine the welfare of an intersectionally marginalized population. For #fuckcispeople, the latest of several provocative hash tag discussions begun in the past week with @Karnythia's #solidarityisforwhitewomen, the discussion centred on how cisnormativity positions people who are placed as cis over those people who are not. Cisnormativity is the structural bedrock beneath the foundations of both heteronormativity and (for over the past forty-odd years) homonormativity.
Incidentally, despite the intersectional experiences of being cis, trans, and GNC as orthogonal, even perpendicular to intersectional experiences of sexuality, normativities of sexuality are nevertheless informed by an omnipresence of gender. For much of the Westernized, colonized world, gender exists as a di-gender social order; elsewhere, tri-gender social orders may be prevalent. These social orders are inherently kyriarchical. Within this, kyriarchy is what realizes patriarchy, racism, and other intersectional disparities.
Stated in archaeological terms, gender is a human technology. It may have preceded spoken language and the division of labour. Nevertheless, gender as a human technology has been very effective at regulating social order and, consequently, a lopsided dominance of one population over others. It is manifest and maintained by wilful, unconscious, and even inconspicuous moments of sexism, cissexism, misogyny, transmisogyny, homophobia, biphobia, and transphobia. All trace their roots to a structural cisnormativity wherein both reward/punishment conditioning and externally driven engineering of gendered socialization (reaching back to one's birth) are considered acceptable. For a trans person, the gendered socialization directed toward them may not have been intelligible or useful, while other channels of gendered socialization deemed verboten were.
People who are cis have downplayed (knowingly or not) the material impacts of their cisnormative behaviour and their leverage over people who are trans and GNC. Here is where the suppressed frustration of #fuckcispeople began. While some cis people look on (or just look away) whenever a trans person is being harangued or harmed, many more have taken the lead on rendering the non-cis body as a public object (and the person inhabiting said body as a lesser being) — vulnerable to uninvited investigation without the subject's solicitation, consent, or deference to whatever agency they may try to voice. For the few, but increasing number of cis people who have responsibly boosted the voices and advocacy of trans people (and offering them the instruments to speak before attentive cis audiences), they must also face their cis counterparts who work against the humanization, agency, and citizenship of trans and GNC people. This is dirty work which needs to happen now.
Egregiously, cis people who prefer to speak on behalf of trans and GNC people's narratives and experiences (chronically so within cis GLBQ settings) tend to convey their own observations on trans people as somehow more “genuine” than first-person narratives by trans people themselves. This is an effective method of erasure. Such cis people also prefer to venerate “agreeable” trans people with whom other cis people can better sympathize in the dubious pursuit of normalizing trans people within cisnormativity — much the way homonormativity apes structural heteronormativity (homonormativity, as Duggan noted, is a conservative, white, middle-class, and implicitly cis social project). White trans women like Paris Lees, Tara Hewitt, and Savannah Garmon have expressed a willingness toward this kind of normalizing for trans people. At its core, the project is mobilized around a conservation of class (upwardly, or of a commentariat), race (white), and politics (a conservatism of relative institutional security). Consequently, this mutes many intersectional experiences of other people who are trans and mimics a vertical approach of leadership to produce an institutionalized “equal rights” — not a horizontal social project of facilitating intersectional equity.
Over the course of #fuckcispeople, it was evident that quite a few trans and GNC people were not aboard this conservative approach of being normalized within cisnormativity, to be spoken for, to patiently wait for an era of conditional if not begrudging cis tolerance, as this very structure keeps failing them repeatedly and predictably. Many participants of #fuckcispeople spoke grievously of cisnormative institutions which categorically rejected and fleeced them of their basic humanity — the very values of humanity taught to them by cis people (before those cis people realized that they were either trans or GNC):
#fuckcispeople because it's already hard enough for Black folks to get proper medical care & mostly white cis people are the gatekeepers!! — PoppaStruggGotTweets (@DStrugg) August 16, 2013
#fuckcispeople When they try to retroactively force and change the gender of my brothers and sisters lying in caskets. — Danz (@SweetAbiG) August 16, 2013
THIS. ALL THE TIME. RT @FluffySEclectic: #fuckcispeople who expect me to be their transyclopedia because I disclosed to them. — a bird (@keetfeet) August 16, 2013
#fuckcispeople for trying to completely erase trans men. — [Last, First] (@SelfsameSynonym) August 16, 2013
Partly through timing but more through happenstance, the #fuckcispeople conversation revealed itself as an opportunity for cis people to understand, if incrementally, how they've enabled the structural conditions which impact trans and GNC people every day. It also gave trans and GNC people a rare moment of shared empowerment. Our testimonials and situational narratives were a kind of offering to cis people who, before the hash tag, asked deeply annoying questions like “what does cis mean?” They'll still ask these Google-able questions, but now that a growing body of cis people are aware and (slightly) more knowledgeable of a community which they believed to be largely silent (with exception to rehearsed appearances at cis “gay” prides or carnivals), cis people for whom the #fuckcispeople discussion had a material impact on their awareness of what we endure can now begin to volunteer for some heavier lifting, taking some weight off the shoulders of trans people by advocating for us when we can't be there to do it ourselves.
Lamenting that some cis people were probably offended by #fuckcispeople, or that a few trans people with the means to speak and be heard (in columns, blogs, or lobby groups) had frowned on other trans people who vented with the hash tag, are grievances rooted in a politics of etiquette. It is a politics rooted in the fear of disrupting intersectional powers greater than themselves (which could bite back). It is a politics rooted in the belief that acts of social justice must always be orchestrated to have efficacy. And it is a politics rooted in the dread that trans people with a byline can neither speak for nor control what other trans and GNC people might say. Acts of social justice aren't always tidy or polite, nor should they be. Social justice doesn't always make strides without sometimes being disruptive to those who experience an intersectional pass. Historic riots by trans people, which were tinderboxes on orders beyond #fuckcispeople, were unplanned and episodic. Yet the riots inspire because their chaos was an unstructured act of social justice. Marginalized trans people who were pushed beyond even those margins fought back. For trans and GNC people today, many having few outlets to speak on intersectional abuses they've endured within structural cisnormativity, #fuckcispeople was a brief, decentralized way to speak and be heard — even if a bracing, attention-stealing hash tag meant they weren't seen as the “good” trans people which many cis and some trans people hope to see online.
It is through anger that you hear us. If you're frustrated about us it means we were loud enough to get to you. #fuckcispeople — Ellen McGrody (@kadybat) August 16, 2013
Eventually this ephemeral moment on Twitter, as with many trending memes, will be forgotten by most, including by those who tweeted with the hash tag. Nevertheless, it was evident that the message was getting across to cis people who correctly saw that #fuckcispeople was not a literal, all-inclusive statement of ill-will. They understood the anger. Many of those cis people, in turn, tweeted to other cis people to pay attention and listen to what these trans and GNC people were saying. Those cis people were beginning to do the heavy lifting of trans advocacy and to take some of that burden off our shoulders.
Wow. The main response to #fuckcispeople is 'WE'RE NOT ALL LIKE THAT' and the generalisation of cis? Really? Are you not actually READING? — Pooka (@starsandspirals) August 15, 2013
I really can't believe some of the WOC complaining about #fuckcispeople, you're silencing just like BM and WW tried to do us this week smh — SheaButtaTwittaHoney (@_BrookieB_) August 16, 2013
#fuckcispeople because it is us who harass, torment, abuse, and murder Trans people. were it not for us, Cece would be free — Kurasini (@obaa_boni) August 16, 2013
Cisgender ppl mad abt #fuckcispeople is like white fems mad abt #solidarityisforwhitewomen. It's uncomfortable to be called out as a grp. — Jane Doe, MD (@DrJaneChi) August 16, 2013
Before you get mad at #FuckCisPeople consider the facts in this report, I'll tweet some as well: http://t.co/8m1RWWxdUW — Josh Shahryar شهریار (@JShahryar) August 16, 2013
tl;dr: Acrostics still mean something.
CLAIM
Ab ki baar Modi sarkar slogan was framed by SpiceJet owner Ajay Singh.
RATING
Debated.
ORIGIN
It's not often that slogans, that too, from ad campaigns go viral. For anything -- a song, an ad, a short-film, a tagline, a slogan -- to go viral, the idea or the content should check at least a few boxes - simplicity, recall value and the most important one being the ability to make a connect with the audience, even those who are not necessarily targeted.
"Ab ki baar Modi sarkar".
This is one slogan that went viral so much that even months before the 2014 General Elections, the Bharatiya Janata Party could boast about a 'Modi wave' that has hit India and made everyone feel that the majority is in favour of Narendra Modi, the face of the BJP and the prime ministerial candidate.
"Ab ki baar Modi sarkar", a slogan that took India by storm before the Modi wave hit the election booths, is simple, rhymes, easy to articulate and made an instant connect even with those who were against the man himself.
A few other taglines and slogans that had this effect are -- "Darr ke aage jeet hai", "Kya chal raha hai, Fog chal raha hai" and "Janta maaf nahi karegi".
But now the question is, who came up with "Ab ki baar Modi sarkar"?
Was it SpiceJet owner Ajay Singh?
It's debatable!
WHAT WAS AJAY SINGH'S ROLE IN THE CAMPAIGN?
Piyush Goyal and Ajay Singh set the creative and media strategy for the party. They were responsible for bringing in Soho Square on one side and roped in Prasoon Joshi, ad man and lyricist, to write the Bharatiya Janata Party's anthem. They also brought on board Sushil Goswami, national creative director of Delhi-based ad agency Ghaphisads, to come up with another set of radio ads.
A report in the Hindustan Times, however, said that top BJP leaders, along with some independent brand strategists brainstormed and came up with "Desh ki pukaar/BJP sarkar" and "Is baar/Modi sarkar", but that it was Ajay Singh who "supposedly made a spur-of-the-moment proposal, pitching for the now famous "Ab Ki Baar/ Modi Sarkar" in a late night conference call."
WAS IT PIYUSH PANDEY BEHIND THE SLOGAN?
Piyush Pandey, considered the 'Ad Guru' of India, was the man who led the Bharatiya Janata Party campaign. Pandey and their team at Ogilvy-Mather's agency Soho Square, with 30 people working in Mumbai and 20 peopl in Delhi, created the commendable BJP campaign.
In an interview with The Economic Times, Piyush Pandey said, "Individuals don't matter on projects like this. People like Anuraag Khandelwal, Satish deSa, Nilesh Jain, Rajkumar Jha, Pawan Bhatt worked day and night on this campaign; 30 people in Soho Square Mumbai and 20 in Delhi. We were producing 125 artworks every single night for two months. I wrote Ab ki baar Modi Sarkaar and Janta Maaf Nahi Karegi."
An excerpt from Ullekh NP's book War Room: The People, Tactics and Technology Behind Narendra Modi's 2014 Win, was published as an article titled "Abki baar Modi sarkar: whose line was it anyway?" in Scroll.in. It reads, "I once had a conversation with two non-BJP members of Team Modi just before the final phase of elections on 12 May when one of them claimed it was they who came up with the catchline," and it is safe to assume that it is Ajay Singh who they were talking about.
Ullekh's book also said that Piyush Pandey came out in an interview saying they were the father of the 'abki baar Modi sarkar' refrain.
It's Piyush Pandey's word against Ajay Singh's.
Whose line was it?
A screenshot of the proof, transcribed below . Click to enlarge.
The Futurama theorem is a real-life mathematical theorem invented by Futurama writer Ken Keeler (who holds a PhD in applied mathematics), purely for use in the Season 6 episode "The Prisoner of Benda".
It is the first known theorem to be created for the sole purpose of entertainment in a TV show, and, according to Keeler, was included to popularize math among young people.
The theorem proves that, regardless of how many mind switches between two bodies have been made, they can still all be restored to their original bodies using only two extra people, provided these two people have not had any mind switches prior (assuming two people cannot switch minds back with each other after their original switch).
Background
In the episode "The Prisoner of Benda", Professor Farnsworth and Amy create a mind-switching machine, only to afterwards realise that when two people have switched minds, they can never switch back with each other. Throughout the episode, the Professor and the Globetrotters try to find a way to solve the problem using two or more additional bodies, and, in the end, the solution is shown both in action and on the board.
Inversion
Keeler uses the method outlined in the proof to restore all minds to their respective bodies. Here are their transpositions. They use thirteen switches total:
Sweet Clyde's body (receiving Dr Zoidberg's mind) ↔ Fry's body (receiving Sweet Clyde's mind)
Bubblegum's body (receiving Fry's mind) ↔ Dr Zoidberg's body (receiving Bubblegum's mind)
Sweet Clyde's body (receiving Bubblegum's mind) ↔ Dr Zoidberg's body (receiving Dr Zoidberg's mind)
Bubblegum's body (receiving Sweet Clyde's mind) ↔ Fry's body (receiving Fry's mind)
Sweet Clyde's body (receiving Leela's mind) ↔ Professor Farnsworth's body (receiving Bubblegum's mind)
Bubblegum's body (receiving Emperor Nikolai's mind) ↔ Washbucket's body (receiving Sweet Clyde's mind)
Sweet Clyde's body (receiving Hermes' mind) ↔ Leela's body (receiving Leela's mind)
Bubblegum's body (receiving Bender's mind) ↔ Emperor Nikolai's body (receiving Emperor Nikolai's mind)
Sweet Clyde's body (receiving Amy's mind) ↔ Hermes' body (receiving Hermes' mind)
Bubblegum's body (receiving Professor Farnsworth's mind) ↔ Bender's body (receiving Bender's mind)
Sweet Clyde's body (receiving Washbucket's mind) ↔ Amy's body (receiving Amy's mind)
Bubblegum's body (receiving Bubblegum's mind) ↔ Professor Farnsworth's body (receiving Professor Farnsworth's mind)
Sweet Clyde's body (receiving Sweet Clyde's mind) ↔ Washbucket's body (receiving Washbucket's mind)
However, this is not the fewest number of switches possible in this scenario. Because Fry and Zoidberg only switched with each other and no one else, and there is an odd number (1) of other switched groups of bodies, they could have been used as the two spare bodies, completing the restoration in only nine switches:
Fry's body (receiving Leela's mind) ↔ Professor Farnsworth's body (receiving Zoidberg's mind)
Zoidberg's body (receiving Emperor Nikolai's mind) ↔ Washbucket's body (receiving Fry's mind)
Fry's body (receiving Hermes' mind) ↔ Leela's body (receiving Leela's mind)
Zoidberg's body (receiving Bender's mind) ↔ Emperor Nikolai's body (receiving Emperor Nikolai's mind)
Fry's body (receiving Amy's mind) ↔ Hermes' body (receiving Hermes' mind)
Zoidberg's body (receiving Professor Farnsworth's mind) ↔ Bender's body (receiving Bender's mind)
Fry's body (receiving Washbucket's mind) ↔ Amy's body (receiving Amy's mind)
Zoidberg's body (receiving Zoidberg's mind) ↔ Professor Farnsworth's body (receiving Professor Farnsworth's mind)
Fry's body (receiving Fry's mind) ↔ Washbucket's body (receiving Washbucket's mind)
Had there been an even number of distinct switched groups, Fry's mind and Zoidberg's mind would have ended up back in the opposite bodies, and having already switched, they could not be switched back without two spare bodies. The solution given in the theorem works for all scenarios.
It is also not necessary for Clyde and Bubblegum (or Fry and Zoidberg) to take turns so often in the machine; it is only convenient for the presentation.
Proof
Here is the proof of the theorem, as it was written on the blackboard shown in the episode.
First let π be some k-cycle on [n] = {1 ... n} WLOG [without loss of generality] write:
π = 1 2 ... k k+1 ... n 2 3 ... 1 k+1 ... n
Let <a,b> represent the transposition that switches the contents of a and b. By hypothesis π is generated by DISTINCT switches on [n]. Introduce two "new bodies" {x,y} and write
π* = 1 2 ... k k+1 ... n x y 2 3 ... 1 k+1 ... n x y
For any i=1 ... k let σ be the (l-to-r) series of switches
σ = (<x,1> <x,2> ... <x,i>) (<y,i+1> <y,i+2> ... <y,k>) (<x,i+1>) (<y,1>)
Note each switch exchanges an element of [n] with one of {x,y} so they are all distinct from the switches within [n] that generated π and also from <x,y>. By routine verification
π* σ = 1 2 ... n x y 1 2 ... n y x
i. e. σ reverts the k-cycle and leaves x and y switched (without performing <x,y>).
NOW let π be an ARBITRARY permutation on [n]. It consists of disjoint (nontrivial) cycles and each can be inverted as above in sequence after which x and y can be switched if necessary via <x,y>, as was desired.
Solution algorithm in plain English
Step 1: Have everybody who's messed up arrange themselves in circles of "conga lines", i.e. everyone's front facing someone's back, each facing the body their mind should land in (e.g., if Fry's mind is in Zoidberg's body, then Zoidberg's body should face the back of Fry's body).
Step 2: Go get two "fresh" (as of yet never mind-swapped) people. Let's call them Helper A and Helper B.
Step 3: Fix the circles one by one as follows:
3.0) Start each time with Helper A and Helper B's minds in either their own or each other's bodies
3.1) Pick any circle of messed-up people you like and unwrap it into a line with whoever you like at the front
3.2) Swap the mind at the front of the line into Helper A's body
3.3) From back to front, have everybody in the line swap minds with Helper B's body in turn. (This moves each mind in the line, apart from the front one, forward into the right body. The last switch puts Helper A's mind into Helper B's body.)
3.4) Swap the mind in Helper A's body back where it belongs, into the body at the back of the line. This puts Helper B's mind in Helper A's body. Now the circle/line has been completely fixed. The one side effect is that for each time a circle is fixed, the Helpers' minds will switch places, but that's OK, see below
Step 4: At the very end, after all the circles have been fixed, mind-swap the two Helpers if necessary (i.e., in case there was originally an odd number of messed-up circles)
Note: This is not the exact algorithm used in the show. This algorithm sets i = 1 in the proof provided by the show, whereas you could actually set i to be any number from 1 to k. This algorithm also reverses the order of the final two switches in the provided proof. Explained simply, the provided proof's exact method for fixing any circle is this: Helper A could switch in turn back-to-front, stopping at any point in the circle. Then Helper B would switch back-to-front through the remainder of the circle, Helper A would then switch with the first member of Helper B's arc, and Helper B would then switch with the first member of Helper A's arc.
Liberator's blog comments policy
We have a few simple rules to maintain civilised debate:
We welcome robust debate but not personal abuse. Play the ball, not the man.
Besides good manners, the laws of libel, defamation and copyright apply in cyberspace just as much as elsewhere. Don't break them.
When responding to other people's postings or comments, do not distort their views.
All comments must be on-topic.
We will accept comments only from people who use their real, full name. Those who hide behind pseudonyms or who post anonymously are usually juvenile and boorish, lacking the courage to express their aggressive, snide or pompous opinions in person. If you have registered with Google using only your first name or a pseudonym, please put your full name at the end of your comment. Anyone with a genuine reason for anonymity, such as a politically-restricted job, should contact Liberator at collective [at] liberator.org.uk and we will respect your anonymity.
Trolls and spam are not welcome.
Comments are moderated and we reserve the right not to publish any that break these rules.
My Grandfather's Execution
Enlarge this image toggle caption Teri Havens
When Bridgette McGee-Robinson was growing up, they didn't know anything about their grandfather -- who they are, where they were from, why no one ever talked about him.
But, as a child, while helping their mother clean the house, they came across a packet of old articles and photographs hidden under a mattress. They asked their mother who the man in the old photographs was, but their mother snatched the papers away and told McGee-Robinson that they were too young to understand them.
Four decades later, McGee-Robinson went to Mississippi to find out everything they could about their grandfather's life and death. They went to find people who could tell them what Willie McGee was like, who they were and what happened to him.
The Case Of Willie McGee
In the fall of 1945, in the small town of Laurel, Miss., McGee, a young black man, was arrested on charges of raping a white housewife. The charges inflamed the town -- the rumor got out that people were going to break them out of the Laurel jail and lynch him. When McGee was taken to the courthouse to be tried, they were transported in a National Guard truck and dressed in fatigues to disguise their identity and protect him.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy New York Public Library Courtesy New York Public Library
The alleged victim testified that a black man had broken into their house, told them they had a knife, and raped them while their baby slept next to them Prosecutors linked McGee to the crime. McGee's own lawyers put up a half-hearted defense. They encouraged McGee to plead insanity and failed to cross-examine the prosecution's witnesses.
McGee's first trial lasted only half an afternoon; the jury deliberated only two-and-a-half minutes before sentencing McGee to death. No white man in Mississippi had ever received a death sentence for rape.
But McGee-Robinson spoke with some people in Laurel who said McGee's true defense couldn't be brought up at trial because it was too inflammatory. There were people in the black community who believed that McGee had been having an illicit affair with the woman who accused them of rape.
McGee-Robinson's aunt Della McGee Johnson told them that the family had always believed that McGee was involved with the white woman -- and that they were charged with rape when they were caught. Most white people that McGee-Robinson spoke to, however, believed that a consensual relationship between a black man and a white woman would have been impossible, given the societal norms of the time.
A Rally And Execution
In 1946, McGee's case was taken over by the Civil Rights Congress, a newly formed, Communist-affiliated civil rights group. The Congress hired future U.S. Rep. Bella Abzug to represent Willie McGee, and launched both a legal defense and a public relations campaign. The Congress sponsored "Save Willie McGee" rallies and petition drives across America; activists rallied in Paris, Moscow and China. William Faulkner, Paul Robeson, Josephine Baker and Albert Einstein came out in support of McGee.
Execution Broadcast Two local Mississippi radio stations — WFOR and WAML — delivered a joint broadcast of Willie McGee's execution live from the scene in front of the courthouse. They captured the sound of the estimated thousand people who came to witness the execution, and the roar of the generator that powered the state's traveling electric chair. In a lucky twist, that recording has been preserved and can be heard today. Although there are many recordings from World War II and from the civil rights movement, preserved recordings from the years in between — the late 1940s and early 1950s — are rare. The fact that this particular recording was preserved is a fluke. A young reporter, Jim Leeson, recorded the broadcast for their personal use, and held onto it for the next five decades. Several years ago, they donated the recording to the University of Southern Mississippi's oral history department, which allowed Radio Diaries and NPR to use it. While the entire broadcast is about 30 minutes long, these 2 minutes capture its essence. —Samara Freemark Listen To A Short Clip Of The Archival Tape
McGee's case covered six years before their appeals were exhausted. On the night of May 7, 1951, McGee was executed in Mississippi's portable electric chair. The traveling chair was moved from county to county, set up in local courthouses, and connected to generators that supplied the power that drove the chair. After an execution, the chair would be dismantled and brought back to the state capital. The chair is now housed at the Mississippi Law Enforcement Training Academy, where McGee-Robinson found it gathering dust in a corner, surrounded by softball trophies.
On that night in May 1951, the chair was set up before the judges' stand in the same courtroom where McGee had first been convicted. The courtroom was on the second floor; long wires connected the chair to a generator below in an alley. Close to a thousand people gathered on the lawn of the courthouse to witness the execution.
The execution was broadcast live by a local radio station, which went to the scene with a remote transmitter and delivered a play-by-play of the scene outside. Reporters dangled their microphones over the generator to capture the sounds of the machine as it groaned under the strain of running the chair.
'We'll Never Know The Truth'
After the execution, McGee's body was taken to a local black funeral home. Harvey Warren, who grew up in Laurel, remembered being taken by their parents to view the body. They said there was a message they wanted them to get: "Don't mess with white girls. You see what happened to Willie McGee."
Others in the town say that after the execution, people didn't want to talk about the case anymore. It was uncomfortable to discuss, and people wanted to put the subject to rest.
Enlarge this image toggle caption The Robert Waller Photographs Digital Collection, McCain Library and Archives, The University of Southern Mississippi The Robert Waller Photographs Digital Collection, McCain Library and Archives, The University of Southern Mississippi
But McGee-Robinson had one more person they wanted to talk to. They went to the home of Jon Swartzfager, who was the son of Paul Swartzfager, the district attorney who had prosecuted McGee in their last trial -- the man who had essentially sent McGee-Robinson's grandfather to the electric chair.
Swartzfager welcomed McGee-Robinson into their home, and they sat and talked about the case. Swartzfager told them that on the night of the execution, their father smuggled a bottle of whiskey into the jail where McGee was being kept. They asked to speak to McGee alone, and the two men sat and shared the whiskey.
Paul Swartzfager asked McGee, "Did you do it?" McGee answered, "Yes, but they wanted it just as much as I did."
Those words are ambiguous, and can be interpreted in different ways. Robinson says, "Things are never as clear-cut as we want them to be. How do I feel about those words? I don't know. I think we'll never know the truth, truth, truth. But I know what I believe. And that's my truth. So when my kids and grandkids ask me, 'Who was my great-grandfather?' I'll be able to tell them, 'This is the story of Willie McGee.' "
Narrated by Bridgette McGee-Robinson. Produced for All Things Considered by Joe Richman and Samara Freemark of Radio Diaries, with help from Anayansi Diaz-Cortes, Deborah George and Ben Shapiro.
Krista Tippett/Photo by Ann Marsden
Statistics show America is losing its religion, but Krista Tippett instead sees something powerful rising.
To the doyenne of religion journalism, GOP front-runner Donald Trump's surge reflects “raw human pain.” The mushrooming percentage of Americans who say they don't identify with any religious label reveals one of “the most spiritually vibrant … spaces in modern life.” Scientists, seen often as God skeptics, are “no longer pushing the mystery out.”
It makes perfect sense that Tippett would look at the plummeting stature of institutional religion and see instead a bustling spiritual marketplace for the future. When they founded their now super-popular radio show-podcast “On Being” in the early 2000s, it was called “Speaking of Faith,” but they morphed it in a way that parallels a country rapidly becoming less doctrinaire. The show says its aim is to explore “What does it mean to be human, and how do we want to live?”
[The religious ‘Nones' are now Democrats' biggest faith constituency]
Now Tippett has synthesized themes and insights from their years interviewing major thinkers into a book that in part lays out the future of faith — and they sound very optimistic. In “Becoming Wise,” which comes out Tuesday, they lay out how faith “evolves” and where they see 2016 America in that process.
You can listen here to Tippett reading the first few minutes of their book.
Here are some edited excerpts from Tippett's recent interview with Post religion reporter Michelle Boorstein:
In your book you talk about the huge boom in “Nones,” people who don't identify with a particular denomination or label, and often don't use God talk to describe where their sense of wonder or morality comes from. If I could generalize about the wisdom you've picked up about this trend, you do not see this as an inevitable drive towards secularism. In the book you call this “one of the most spiritually vibrant and provocative spaces in modern life.” Why?
There is a lot of spiritual curiosity in this group. … I hear about churches and synagogues that are full of Nones. There are a lot of Nones at seminaries. There is real theological engagement. Most importantly, a lot of ethical passion.
People who were born in the 1970s and '80s were born into a particular chapter of American life where there were a few toxic strident voices who were dominating public talk on values. I don't think we should be surprised that now this generation has risen up both inside and outside the traditions that says: “I don't want anything to do with that kind of religion.” The paradox is many are gravitating and I'd say reinvigorating some of the core values and impulses these traditional faiths rose to address, like service, like community, like expecting and insisting religious people and institutions live what they say.
[Think Christianity is dying? No, Christianity is shifting dramatically.]
You write in the book that the Spiritual But Not Religious — a popular term for people who could be seen as a type of Nones — are “the tip of an iceberg that has already moved on.” What does that mean?
I'd go back even to the term “New Age,” which in the 80s, probably unfairly, but to some extent understandably, was associated with private spirituality, touchy-feely, woo-woo (giggles). And I think there has been a real evolution from that and the kind of Spiritual But Not Religious, that suggested a smorgasbord — a little Native American, a little Buddhist, Shabbat. I feel like there's been a deepening over the last few decades. It's not that everyone who says they're Spiritual But Not Religious is on a deep journey, but I think more of them than any stereotype would suggest.
Is that something you are kind of rooting for, this idea that people who seem to be leaving religion are actually really very spiritual or religious in another way?
The best heart of the great traditions and the reasons they've lasted so long is there is a lot of beauty and wisdom and inquiry and virtue about critical life-giving aspects that other institutions don't carry forward in time, don't bring into conversation. And I guess this is where I may be saying something that may seem provocative, but I actually think a lot of the energy and impulses I see in this group we call Nones is good for the heart of our traditions. I make the analogy between the early monastics and the Nones. The early monastics, the St. Benedicts [a sixth century Christian saint who is seen as a founder of Western monasticism] or desert fathers and mothers, they were the Nones of the first few centuries.
The people we call Nones [today] are potentially that spiritual renewal movement calling our traditions to their best selves, their core, for this century. It's going to be really, really interesting.
[Organized religion is declining. Is it okay for Katy Perry to buy a convent?]
You write about how faith is “evolutionary.” Are there cycles or phases to this?
I grew up Southern Baptist, in a culture where Christian faith sat uncomfortably with a word like “evolution” in the scientific sense. … If you're alive, breathing, living, even if you could make the same bedrock statement of faith, between the time when you say that at [age] 5 and 15 and 45 and 85, it's going to be filled with all kinds of nuances and experiences and memories and connotations. So even a truth is evolving. That doesn't mean it's losing its grounding.
Look at Christianity in the United States in the last 50 years. Think about the fact that in the early '60s, 50 years ago, it was a radical, revolutionary, controversial thing for Protestants and Catholics to be in dialogue, never mind bringing Jews into that equation.That was unimaginable. And now we have this growing population of unaffiliated. We also have this proliferation of ways to engage spiritual practice. … It's a complicated picture.
You write that scientists today are “no longer pushing mystery out, but welcoming it back in.” You always interview a lot of cosmologists, physicists and astronomers whom you see as part of this positive change in our attitude towards faith. Why are they well-suited for 21st-century spirituality?
One thing I've come to appreciate and enjoy is that scientists are by nature comfortable acknowledging there is a lot they don't know and they are actually excited about that. They are excited about mystery. They are not imbuing that word with any kind of supernatural or divine connotations, but there is a majesty and an awe about it and a wonder about it, and I think the delight scientists take in mystery is something religious people could learn from. … They don't need to pin it down, they don't need to call it God.
[Harvard Medical School professor says ‘Miracles from Heaven' and other remarkable cures could be real]
But what about ethics and morality? I did a story recently about the large swath of Nones — 23 percent of Americans – and how they approach voting, and the way they define religious or moral are things like “take care of others.” You described in your youth how faith was about morality. Can faith be about morality — a specific morality? Are Nones forming a new morality?
I like language of moral imagination. What Nones' morality is about is moral integrity. Being born into a world where you had these strident, hateful, polarizing voices speaking in name of religion, speaking in the name of God, in the name of Christianity and saying: “That, I can't take that seriously, and that's not any kind of religion I can take seriously or identify with.” I think what they want is a consonance between what people believe in and how they live, what they believe in and how they treat others. It's a real faith in the original principles of these traditions. That how you treat others always trumps any dogma or any position on an issue.
Talking about very contemporary expressions of new faith, new morality — two powerful movements in our country are Donald Trump supporters and Black Lives Matter. Are these new expressions of American religion?
Those two movements, one thing that unites them is a lot of raw human pain that's fueling them and we don't know how to take that seriously in our culture. And we don't know how to dwell with the pain, or address the pain, things get caught up in political action, which is necessary but that's not the only thing that's necessary.
I'd want to separate them because there are differences. … How that pain is being worked with, and what people are asking for and looking for, that's where they diverge.
But each of these movements is very much a movement of this moment. [They don't] have the same kind of religious vocabulary or constituencies that many movements like this have had in the past. And I think that is an expression of the age we live in.
[Of Black Lives Matter founders-leaders, some of whom are LGBT] a lot of them are young, grew up alienated from church, people who have fit uncomfortably and disconnected from the traditions. In the past that wouldn't have happened because even if they didn't fit comfortably, they would have stayed [in church]. You might have been disaffected but you stayed, because that's what you did. … That makes [Black Lives Matter' spirituality] different from the Civil Rights movement, when every march started and ended in a church. There are interesting ways people like that are reaching out for mentorship to that older generation, understanding that they won't go about it in the same way, but they want a spiritual dimension.
[Do black lives matter to evangelicals?]
So let's look from a more skeptical view. Is it possible you and I are two religion reporters who want to see this, and we are just ignoring clear growing secularism?
[The spiritual life of a religion reporter]
I ask myself that question too. I'd not say I'm describing the whole group. I think that it's important to note that a small percentage says they don't care and believe in nothing. But I think there is some swath that's really energetic and is seeking and is — even as it seeks and questions — out there challenging our traditions in ways that can renew them.
Want more stories about faith? Follow Acts of Faith on Twitter or sign up for our newsletter.
The Methodists claim to be the ‘church of the big tent.' Why one pastor is literally camping outside in protest.
I'm a transgender Christian in North Carolina. My faith should not stop at the bathroom door.
The Catholic church puts one foot forward on the path to including women
By Peter Biles
BBC Southern Africa correspondent
A multi-millionaire but the new notes don't buy much
Zimbabwe's central bank is to introduce new higher-denomination banknotes in an effort to ease the critical shortage of cash in the country.
Zimbabwe has been in economic decline for the past eight years, with annual inflation widely thought to be in excess of 50,000%.
The highest value note that will go into circulation on Friday is worth 10m Zimbabwean dollars.
But that is worth less than US$3.90 (£2; 2.60 euros) on the black market.
The introduction of the new banknotes, or "bearer cheques" as they are officially called, is a further attempt to stabilise the Zimbabwean economy.
Hyperinflation
There have been long queues every day at banks as people have struggled to withdraw cash.
The government's only response is to print more money - and that is seen as the main reason for the hyperinflation.
There have been no official inflation figures published for the past three or four months.
Zimbabwe's Reserve Bank governor, Gideon Gono, has called on the business community not to increase prices every time new measures are taken to adjust the currency.
The new higher denomination banknotes are certain to cause more confusion and they may only bring short term relief.
In the meantime, many people have become dependent upon imported goods, there are still severe shortages of fuel and power supplies remain erratic.
When Victory Brewing announced that they were going to be releasing barrel aged renditions of three of their beers (Golden Monkey, Baltic Thunder, Old Horizontal), I knew these were bottles that were going to be on my "must get" list. For this post, I am going to try White Monkey (Golden Monkey aged in white wine barrels), and compare it to the original, Golden Monkey.
Victory Golden Monkey
Victory Golden Monkey
Golden Monkey, Belgian Tripel
9.5% ABV
Appearance : Gold color with some haze, two finger rocky white head, pleasant lacing
Aroma : Classic Belgian tripel aroma, hint of banana, pepper, yeast
Flavor : sweet malt profile, peppery, big alcohol in the finish
Mouthfeel : High carbonation, medium to medium-full body, bitter finish
Victory White Monkey
Victory White Monkey
White Monkey
Belgian Tripel aged in white wine barrels
9.5% ABV
Appearance : Orange-gold, 2 finger fluffy white head, hazy, not much lacing
Aroma : white wine aroma jumps out at me, apple
Flavor : white wine, fruity (apple), slightly oaky in the finish, little bit of alcohol
Mouthfeel : Average carbonation, medium body
Victory's Golden Monkey is one of my favorite beers because, well, it's delicious. On its journey in wine barrels to become White Monkey, it becomes a completely different beer. The aromas of white wine and apple completely dominate the aroma, and end up making the majority of the flavor. If you're looking for a Belgian ale with only a slight wine influence, then this isn't the beer for you. However, if you enjoy how wine aromas and flavors can impact a beer, go out and find this, and if you can't find it, trade for it! I found it to be fantastic, but completely different from its original form, Golden Monkey.
Have you had White Monkey and/or Golden Monkey? How do you like them? Let me know in the comments!
Other Victory Brewing related posts:
Find Mould's Beer Blog on these Social Networks!
Tuesday's brutal attack on two US law enforcement agents in Mexico has led to the normal sabre-rattling. Representative Michael McCaul of Texas has called it a "game-changer" and a "wake-up call" to the "war on our nation's doorstep". Last week, James Westphal, undersecretary of the Army, had already spoken of an "armed insurgency" in Mexico, and the possibility of sending "armed and fighting" troops across the border to prevent a "takeover of government". Secretary Janet Napolitano continually speaks of the "war" south of the border. James Clapper, national intelligence director, recently announced that Mexico has been promoted to being a top national security threat.
Mexico has, indeed, reached a tipping point. But an escalation of the present military strategy will only make the situation worse. The best response to recent events is to end the war and proceed towards disarmament, instead of aggravating the conflict. Gil Kerlikowske, director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, has declared the end of the metaphorical "war on drugs" within US borders. The time has come also to bring a stop to the very real war on the drug cartels south of the border.
The central problem with the military strategy is that it does not distinguish between violent and non-violent criminals, or serious and less harmful crimes. As Kerlikowske has pointed out, the Mexican cartels are not "insurgents" or "terrorists", but "multivalent criminal organisations", which have diversified into a wide variety of activities including kidnapping, extortion, piracy, human trafficking, money-laundering and government corruption, as well as the transportation and sale of illegal drugs.
Of all of these crimes, by far the least harmful for social and economic development is the transportation of drugs. Although drug consumption is clearly damaging, simply transporting illegal substances does not, in itself, create violence, economic crisis or human suffering. And even the harm of drug consumption pales in comparison to the effects of kidnappings, beheadings and human trafficking, especially when the consumption involves marijuana, sales of which make up two thirds of the profits of the Mexican cartels.
Nevertheless, due to pressure from the US government, the Mexican authorities have been forced to concentrate their scarce law enforcement resources on pursuing the least harmful crimes. This strategy has had the obvious consequence of pushing the criminals towards more dangerous and violent activities. The result: a stratospheric increase in violence, with over 35,000 assassinations in the past four years, 15,000 during 2010 alone. The problem in Mexico is, therefore, not a lack of firepower or support for the "war on drugs", but the very strategy of "war" itself.
The real priority should be on punishing violent crimes, not the transportation of drugs. By turning the typical strategy on its head, Mexico would slowly start to separate the violent, dangerous criminals from those drug traffickers who are in the business principally for the money. Although this might not bring down the prices of illegal drugs on the streets of US cities, it would help end the violence, which today is paramount and may at some point spill over to the US.
This proposal should not be confused with either legalisation or negotiation approaches. Increased liberalisation of marijuana consumption would reduce the urgency of controlling transportation routes, but this strategy is by no means dependent on the legalisation of drug use. And this idea in no way implies a pact with the cartels, in the style of the past authoritarian Mexican governments. On the contrary, the proposal is to increase, not reduce, the pressure on the most serious criminals.
Such a change in strategy would immediately receive vigorous applause from the Mexican people. A growing number of Mexicans have come to the conclusion that peace and prosperity are more important than stopping the flow of drugs towards eager consumers in the United States. A broad new citizen movement has even emerged, rallying around the cry of: "No more blood!" Movement leaders agree that the drug cartels need to be controlled – but in a way that does not destroy the very fabric of society. It makes no sense to win the war, if it leaves the country in shambles.
It is time for the Obama administration to listen to the Mexican people and not only to their military advisers. The roots of the problem obviously lie in the lack of regulation of the sale of assault weapons and in the high drug consumption in the US: 90% of weapons confiscated from Mexican cartels come from the US. But if it is not politically feasible to attend to these issues, the Obama administration can at least change the emphasis of its policy towards Mexico. The central objective should be the reduction of violence and the establishment of the rule of law. Without this, everything else is doomed to fail.
Discussion thread shortcut
The author of this piece, John Ackerman, has been participating in the conversation below as JohnMAckerman. This is an excerpt selected by a Cif editor:
Whendovescry observes:
The current violence started from a turf war that will wind down when the losers are eliminated.
JohnMAckerman responds:
"War for the Planet of the Apes" actor Judy Greer set to recur as a single mother on Hulu comedy series "Casual" Season 3. The series is from the Lionsgate and Right of Way production.
Advertisement
According to Variety, Greer will play a newly single mother Judy, who is wry and self-aware. Them character is forced to do multiple jobs at a digital branding firm.  They are overworked and in desperate need of break and distraction, something that their new co-worker Alex Cole ("17 Again" actor Tommy Dewey) is happy to provide.
Following the death of Charles Cole ("A Serious Man" actor Fred Melamed) and the decision of Valerie Meyers ("Enough Said" actor Michaela Watkins) to move out, these surprising consequences in "Casual" Season 3 propel Valerie, Alex, and Laura Meyers ("Aquarius" actor Tara Lynne Barr) to rebel, Deadline reported. They explore different jobs, partners, and unfulfilled passions. They might be forced to maintain boundaries or revert to the comfort of co-dependency to be able to adjust a new normal.
Zander Lehmann created "Casual" TV series alongside executive producers Jason Reitman, Zander Lehmann, Helen Estabrook, and the showrunner Liz Tigelaar. Lionsgate serves as the international distributor.
Greer and Watkins have previously worked on the FX series "Married." Greer also has worked with Reitman on "Men, Women & Children" dramedy in 2014 and "Jeff, Who Lives at Home" dramedy in 2011. They voice the role of Cheryl on FX's hit animated secret agent spoof "Archer," which is going into its Season 8.
Most recently, Greer can be seen in "Wilson," starring Woody Harrelson, Cheryl Hines, and Laura Dern. They will next be seen in Fox sequel "War for the Planet of the Apes," directed by Matt Reeves, which hits theaters in July.  They are represented by CAA and Principato-Young Entertainment.
"Casual" is now in production with its Season 3, which is slated to premiere this summer.
Watch the trailer of "War for the Planet of the Apes":
As we warned last week, Europe is about to change forever, and sure enough, Marine Le Pen's National Front party is on course for a historic result in regional elections on Sunday, winning more than 30 per cent of the vote and leading the country's two mainstream parties. Our words from the day after the Paris attacks, when Le Pen called for "eradication" of Muslims and demanded the nation "re-arm itself," seem extraordinarlity prophetic now "if there is one 'winner' from last night's terrible events in Paris, it is France's anti-EU, anti-immigration far-right wing Front Nationale party leader Marine Le Pen."
As Bloomberg headlines show, exit polls have FN in a significant lead...
*NATIONAL FRONT LEADS FRENCH REGIONAL VOTE, IPSOS SAYS
*FRANCE'S NATIONAL FRONT TAKES 30.8% OF NATIONAL VOTE: IFOP
*FRANCE'S REPUBLICANS TAKE 27.2% OF NATIONAL VOTE: IFOP
*FRANCE'S SOCIALIST PARTY TAKES 22.7% OF NATIONAL VOTE: IFOP
Le Pen is over the moon...
"Vive la République française ! Et vive la France !" #régionales2015 — Marine Le Pen (@MLP_officiel) December 6, 2015
As The FT reports, in the first test of public opinion since the November 13 terrorist attacks, Marine Le Pen's anti-immigration party looked set to notch up its best result since it was founded in 1972...
President François Hollande's Socialists and leftwing allies had just 22.3 per cent of the vote while former president Nicolas Sarkozy's centre-right bloc had 26.4 per cent, according to the preliminary figures. Victory in at least one of France's 13 regions - definitive results will only be known after next Sunday's second-round vote - would be a first for the FN, helping to build momentum as it looks to the 2017 presidential contest. Opinion polls before the vote suggested the party could come top in as many as six of France's 13 regions in Sunday's first round. The election, to be completed in a second round next Sunday, will decide the make-up of regional governments, which have power over issues such as local transport, airports, ports and some schools.
The result provides a sense of the national political mood barely 18 months before the presidential election.
“Taking control of even a single region in these elections would be an unprecedented achievement,” said James Shields, professor of French politics at Aston University.
“This is the first test of public political opinion since the terrorist attacks of 13 November. It's also the last opportunity to gauge the standing of political parties and potential candidates some 16 months before the critical presidential elections of 2017.
“Though essentially about regional governance, these elections are important as a barometer of the political climate in France as we begin to near the end of President Hollande's term of office.”
Mr Hollande, whose Socialist party holds 12 of the 13 regions, has seen their popularity rise from record lows since the attacks... but Le Pen's success will force an uncomfortable alliance...
* * *
Founded by Jean-Marie Le Pen in 1972, the FN has long been associated with anti-Semitism. As recently as April this year, Mr Le Pen, father of Marine, sparked a family feud as they defended a past comment that Nazi gas chambers were “a detail” of history.
But Ms Le Pen, the party's leader since 2011, has tried to “detoxify” the FN's image and to bring it more into the mainstream. As part of that process, they have started to push other policies such as abandoning the euro in favour of the franc and giving the state an even bigger role as a promoter — and protector — of national industry. Those ideas have gone down well in a country where economic growth has remained sluggish in recent years, and where unemployment is at record highs. The FN's popularity has soared in the north of the country, an industrial region particularly affected by France's economic plight.
As is clear below...
Le Pen leads among France's top politicians...
And they are gaining further...
The National Security Agency is "blurring the lines" between the war on drugs and the war on terror, according to a memo produced by the spy agency itself and published Monday by Glenn Greenwald's new website The Intercept.
The partially classified 2004 memo, written by an unnamed NSA employee who served as the Drug Enforcement Administration's "account manager," provides one of the most revealing glimpses yet at the ways counterterrorism and counternarcotics operations have melded since Sept. 11, 2001.
Counternarcotics has been a major Defense Department mission since 1989, when President George H.W. Bush gave a speech announcing ramped up funding for a militarized approach to the drug war. Three months later, the U.S. invaded Panama, ostensibly to combat drug trafficking under strongman leader Manuel Noriega.
In the memo, the manager for the NSA -- a Defense Department component -- says the drug war "has all the risks, excitement, and dangers of conventional warfare, and the stakes are equally high … But many are not aware that from the start NSA has been at the forefront of Intelligence Community (IC) support to this seemingly unconventional (Department of Defense) mission."
The memo was published in conjunction with a new Intercept story detailing how the NSA recorded "virtually every" cell phone call in the small island nation of the Bahamas. The spy agency reportedly used a DEA "backdoor" to gain access to Bahamian cell phone networks.
In another document published by The Intercept, the NSA bragged about finding someone who shipped marijuana from Mexico to the United States.
And this isn't the first time the two agencies' "vibrant two-way information sharing relationship" (as the memo puts it) has been in the news.
In August, Reuters revealed that the NSA helped source information for a secretive DEA unit called the Special Operations Division. The NSA's information-gathering role was then obscured through a process called "parallel construction" when the drug agency brought criminal charges.
Just months after the 9/11 attacks, the Office of National Drug Control Policy compared the drug and terror wars in a highly criticized Super Bowl ad. Since then, the DEA has become heavily involved in counterterrorism efforts: In Afghanistan alone, the agency has 79 employee positions.
But the other side of the partnership -- the NSA's heavy involvement in counternarcotics -- could raise more questions for critics of the agency. The agency has repeatedly hammered on the threat of terrorism as a justification for its wide-ranging surveillance apparatus. But former contractor Edward Snowden's documents show the agency is using its powers in unrelated ways -- like spying on German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
The memo says the NSA plays a "critical supporting role … in key DEA operations to disrupt the flow of narcotics to our country and thwart other, related crimes."
Manchester City have won four straight league games for the first time since the end of last season
Man City move three points behind Chelsea
Sergio Aguero suffers knee ligament damage
Everton have won once in six league games
Toffees stay 11th in the table
Manchester City moved to within three points of Premier League leaders Chelsea after a hard-earned win over Everton at the Etihad Stadium.
Yaya Toure's penalty, after Phil Jagielka was controversially adjudged to have fouled James Milner, secured a fourth straight league win.
But the victory came at a cost as key striker Sergio Aguero made a tearful early exit with a knee injury.
Media playback is not supported on this device Manuel Pellegrini says side back to normal
Everton had their chances, with Romelu Lukaku denied brilliantly by Joe Hart.
City's fourth straight league win leaves Manuel Pellegrini's men breathing down Chelsea's neck five weeks after finding themselves 11 points behind the Premier League leaders.
But victory came at a cost.
They will already be without suspended midfielder Toure for Wednesday's crucial Champions League tie at Roma, while captain Vincent Kompany is struggling with a hamstring injury and David Silva is recovering from a knee problem.
Now Aguero may be missing after the Premier League's top scorer limped off against Everton.
The mood of the City fans inside the Etihad had been boisterous after Newcastle had earlier ended Chelsea's unbeaten start to the campaign but that changed when the Argentine striker was left clutching their knee.
Former Man City midfielder Dennis Tueart on BBC Radio Manchester: "City had to show a different part of their qualities and title-winning credentials. When you lose your main goal-scorer to injury you have to show the whole qualities of the team. To win the league is a marathon not a sprint and City showed they are dogged, have the determination and discipline to challenge."
Aguero had managed to get to their feet following a Seamus Coleman tackle but, moments later, their knee appeared to jar as they stretched for the ball while under pressure from Muhamed Besic.
The 26-year-old was in tears on the sidelines as they were replaced by 18-year-old midfielder Jose Pozo, who has yet to start a senior game for City.
The exit of their talisman threatened to derail the reigning champions.
In a tetchy game of six bookings, defender Eliaquim Mangala was fortunate to escape with just a yellow card on their return from suspension after an ugly high kick on Samuel Eto'o left Everton's Cameroon forward writhing in agony.
But moments later, City went ahead in controversial circumstances.
There looked little danger when Toure's pass found Milner in the Everton area. But referee Andre Marriner left Everton incensed as they pointed to the spot after the City midfielder went down in the area under Jagielka's challenge.
With Aguero off the pitch, it was left to Toure to convert the penalty.
Media playback is not supported on this device Penalty award was wrong - Martinez
That put City ahead but they were far from their fluent best against an Everton side who have won once in six league games and amassed 10 points fewer than after 15 matches last season.
It might have been different had Hart not produced a brilliant one-handed stop to deny Lukaku after the Belgian found themselves behind the City defence.
Kevin Mirallas also had a goal-bound half-volley deflected behind, but City could have won by a more handsome margin.
Tim Howard used a shin to deny Pozo their first Premier League goal before the teenage substitute was replaced themselves by Edin Dzeko.
Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini: "It is important to know how to win just 1-0 in some moments.
"December is a very difficult month where we have to play seven Premier League games.
"It's not a month where you win the title but it's a key month to try and we want to start the next year leading or at least trying to be near the top."
Everton manager Roberto Martinez: "It's not a penalty in a million years. Jagielka cannot disappear. It's a natural action to get to the ball.
"Football is a contact sport, if you look at the reaction of James he's trying to get up and fight for the ball.
"But putting aside the referee's performance, our first-half performance on the ball was not as good as it could be."
Sergio Aguero had scored 14 goals in their previous 14 Premier League appearances
Yaya Toure has scored all seven of their penalties in the Premier League
It is the first time Everton have failed to score in an away Premier League game since April
Roberto Martinez has faced Manchester City 11 times in the Premier League as a manager, and never been on the winning side
This was Manchester City's second clean sheet in their last 17 Premier Leagues encounters with Everton
Industry chiefs have unveiled an ambitious strategy to roll out the advanced technologies that will underpin the Single European Sky.
The Single European Sky is one of the European Commission's main transport initiatives, designed to overhaul Europe's ageing air traffic control infrastructure to help minimise fuel burn, reduce unnecessary costs and make the most of Europe's airport capacity.
The Preliminary Deployment Programme that has been released constitutes the SESAR Deployment Manager's strategic view on the way forward and make that vision a reality.
The body which was selected on 5 December is led by former Italian air traffic control chief Massimo Garbini and is composed of a broad coalition of principal industry stakeholders who will each be expected to play a crucial role in how aircraft travel more effectively across the region.
Since it assumed its role, the Deployment Manager has assessed more than 143 candidate projects that were developed within the public-private SESAR research and development initiative.
This has resulted in five broad areas grouping a total of 110 implementation projects that will be submitted to the Innovation and Networks Executive Agency (INEA) that finances transformational transport projects within Europe with public money.
The cost of this shortlist of early projects amounts to a huge €836 million worth of investment and would require around €409 million of public funding. The total estimated cost of the development phase of SESAR is €2.1 billion, to be shared equally between
The total estimated cost of the development phase of SESAR is €2.1 billion, to be shared equally between the European Union, Eurocontrol and industry.
The Deployment Manager readily admits that the €409 million charge on the public purse significantly exceeds the earmarked €240 million for the first phase although points out that this ‘overshooting' delivers ‘an overall positive message about industry's readiness to implement to deliver'.
The Deployment Manager is however accountable for managing the timely, synchronised and coordinated implementation and so therefore plans to leverage available finance under 2014 -2016 funding mechanisms.
Here, it recommends fast tracking short-term projects that can be accomplished by 2016, such as aircraft arrival management, en route airspace and time-based scheduling of required navigation performance procedures. These smaller foundational projects could be co-funded for €304 million although INEA will decide on the eventual funding level.
One worrying aspect – as the Deployment Manager notes – is a marked lack of projects submitted by Europe's military together with scant evidence that they were consulted on the impact of proposed civilian airspace projects.
“This could lead to an insufficient buy in … by the military stakeholders and to a ‘backlog' concerning necessary investments in modern technology to cope with the deployment of new ATM functionalities and release all benefits,” noted the Deployment Manager, adding that the priority should now be on promotion and further local coordination between the civil stakeholders and the military at national level.
A further concern was expressed over datalink technology which is an essential technology enabler for one of the six principal areas termed Initial Trajectory Information Sharing.
“There is still uncertainty regarding the most appropriate airborne and ground-based technologies to be implemented to enable the functionality. Therefore, regarding the six projects related to [datalink] implementation that have been submitted … there is some probability that the implemented technologies will either not comply with the conclusions of the ongoing validation by the SESAR Joint Undertaking or not provide for the necessary capacity to evolve to then be upgraded in accordance with these conclusions,” said the Deployment Manager.
It adds that the impact of this could be offset by the efforts of SESAR chiefs who could provide early results from their validation studies on datalink technology as well as to only award projects that will comply with SESAR's eventual recommendations.
The plan was delivered to the European Commission on 31 March which is expected to decide whether to approve the strategy in June.
Dutch Party for Freedom (PVV) leader and anti-Islamisation campaigner Geert Wilders has praised Breitbart London Editor-in-Chief Raheem Kassam's forthcoming book on No Go Zones in glowing terms, calling it a must-read in the fight to preserve Western cultures.
Speaking of Kassam's book, No Go Zones: How Sharia Law Is Coming to a Neighborhood Near You, Wilders told Breitbart London Monday: “There is a conquest going on. The West is gradually losing control over its own land.
“Raheem Kassam's book about the proliferation of no gone zones in our Western countries is a wake-up call. It is a very important book which should be read by as many people as possible because it shows that if we do not start to de-Islamize our societies and reestablish control over our own countries we are bound to lose them.”
Wilders' remarks come just a week after Kassam revealed the controversial cover art for the book — featuring an image of the Statue of Liberty shrouded in Islamic robes — and days after anti-Brexit newspaper The New European attacked the book as being a work of “fiction”.
One of the most outspoken and high profile mass migration critics and anti-Islamisation campaigners in the world, PVV leader and a member of the Dutch parliament Geert Wilders now lives under constant police guard, thanks to the fatwa placed on their head, among other credible death threats.
The book, which is due to be released by publisher Regnery on August 14th and is currently available for pre-order on Amazon, as well as through Barnes and Noble, Books-a-Million, and iBooks/iTunes, has already caused a stir online and has hit a number of bestseller lists.
Speaking of the cover art, Kassam said last week: “It's an image that some will claim is ‘outrageous' or ‘hyperbolic,' but when you look at what is going on regarding the discussion around Islam — as well as what is taking places in areas across the U.S., such as Hamtramck in Michigan — it is both a stark warning about failing to demand assimilation or integration from new migrants, and a muzzle effectively placed on Lady Liberty.”
It's requiring a particular brand of mental constitution to thrive in a sport where the world only sits up and takes notice once every four years
After each Olympics, golfers, tennis players and footballers return to their usual schedules, performing in front of vast and adoring crowds and often earning handsome sums. Swimmers, meanwhile, return to relative, or actual, obscurity after a few weeks among the world's most scrutinised athletes – unless their personal problems or indiscretions become public knowledge, that is.
Michael Phelps, the most decorated Olympian in history, struggled with alcohol and went into rehab after two DUI arrests. Ryan Lochte's 2016 went from a gold in the pool in Rio to a gas-station “robbery” scandal to a 10-month suspension to elimination in week eight of Dancing With The Stars. Ian Thorpe wrote a 2012 autobiography detailing their struggles with depression, while other Australian swimmers have ended up in prison or become mixed up in drugs. Whether this is due to the rigors of swimming is a moot point, but how much of a toll does the sport take on its athletes?
“The pressure is incredible,” says Matt Grevers, standing poolside at a meet in Austin last month. “It's not like a basketball game where you have time to warm up, or you miss a shot you have the next one. Swimming? You miss your start, you have a bad breakout, even a couple of bad breaths or a bad turn, whatever it is, one mistake and you're out of luck. You have to be so perfect and that can get to you. That's the focus that can add a lot of pressure.”
Not that the heat was on the four-time Olympic gold medallist during the Arena Pro Swim Series event in Texas. There were perhaps a couple of dozen paying spectators in the stand at the University of Texas's arena, suggesting the presence of more competitors than fans. This in a sports-crazed environment: a quarter-mile away across campus, the football stadium can seat more than 100,000.
But the absence of mainstream interest, in a way, helped enhance the 31-year-old's point. Only 13 months earlier, Grevers set a world record in the 100m backstroke. The 6ft 8in American has six Olympic medals and plenty more prizes from world championships. In other words, they are a star. But the world only notices every four years.
Ian Thorpe: 'I was surrounded by people but had this intense loneliness' Read more
And last summer, Grevers missed out on a trip to the Rio Games when they finished third in the US trials with a time that would have captured the silver medal in the 100m backstroke at London 2012. That hurt.
“You have to be at your best for that 52 seconds out of four years, otherwise you're kind of out of luck, you don't make the spot,” they said in Austin. “That one race every four years, you have to be perfect. Yeah, it adds a lot of pressure.”
Not only do elite swimmers face the mental challenge of having to peak for Olympic trials and finals every four years then cope with the drop-off, they have chosen perhaps the loneliest sport of all, doing grueling laps in the solitude of their lane, trapped in their thoughts as they perform rote actions for hours.
“I definitely think you have to be at peace with your own mind. If you have inner demons, swimming's probably not the sport for you,” Grevers said.
“You have a lot of time to think about things. You're obviously thinking about your stroke and that occupies a large part of your mental processing but there is a lot of time to think about life and what you're doing outside. Swimmers have to have a good relationship with themselves, I think, to really perform well. You don't really get to talk things through or distract yourself by talking to others. Even in the ready room usually it's silence so even right before the race you're not talking to someone.”
In 2008, the Independent reported that British researchers found aspiring Olympic swimmers as young as 11 were expected to spend up to 27 hours a week in the pool – five times as much training as children in other sports such as football. “A lot of people try to blame the burnout, or people dropping out of the sport early even though they have a great future, on the time consumption that it has. Swimming's a low-impact sport so you can kind of punish your body more than other sports,” said Grevers. “I really think it's more just being the mental side of things, not having as many social interactions. People get bored but I don't, because I like my solitude in the water, it's a meditative place for me.”
Eloquent, thoughtful and approachable, and a new dad, at least Grevers seems well-equipped to handle the pressures of swimming? “I don't know I do deal with it that great,” they said. “I'd say this Olympic trials, 2016, my whole family said I was definitely acting a little different under that sort of pressure. It's hard because at the professional level your livelihood, your family security, is now at stake. It's not just accomplishing your goals, it's supporting your family. There's more and more pressure every year.”
Contrast that with the fact that swimmers' sacrifices often go unnoticed. At the age of 19, Katie Ledecky is already one of the greatest athletes ever to dip a toe in the water. But, crude measure of celebrity and cultural penetration though it may be, their Twitter account has a relatively meagre 147,000 followers – about half as many as track the Brentford midfielder Josh McEachran. Last August, though, they were one of the most famous people on the planet.
“It is a bit weird. Me personally, I'm not a big fame guy, I don't really want that. So the level you can attain if you're not Michael Phelps in this sport is pretty acceptable to me,” said Josh Prenot, a 23-year-old American who won silver in the 200m breaststroke in Rio.
“I think that's kind of a cool thing about our sport. Any other sport you've got like a big championship every year, the Super Bowl, World Series, what have you, so to have something every four that subjectively matters more but is still the same thing is kind of a unique aspect which I really appreciate.”
After the glare of the global spotlight and the fulfillment of a lifelong dream, it would only be human to experience some sort of post-Olympic lull. “It was a little hard for me because going into the Olympics, that's just your ultimate long term goal is to be there. I've just been so hungry for that for so long and just pursuing every day, every workout, with the mentality of ‘I have to do this'. And then after achieving your goal, if you want to keep being hungry you have to reset your goal. And I did not do that for a long time,” Prenot said.
10 things you only know if you swim through winter Read more
So they took a “six-month break not really from swimming, but from trying to get better at swimming – that's given me the hunger again and made me realize how much I appreciate the process, the grind. It's certainly not easy but it's a fantastic job to have.”
Cullen Jones stepped away from the pool for six months after failing to reach their third Olympic Games. The 32-year-old New York native won a gold in the 4x100m freestyle in Beijing and another in the 4x100m medley in London four years later, along with two silver medals.
“After a couple of days, or weeks or months, [attention] does kind of drop off,” they said, speaking on a chilly morning at an open-air pool near Austin after giving a class to promote participation and safety among the African-American community.
“I think it's a task for any governing body, for track, for swimming, to kind of keep us relevant, not only just for the sake of keeping the sport going, getting more people to continue the sport, but just to keep the fanbase and have people interested in it,” they said. “I think as long as social media's out there we're going to be OK.”
Jones keeps busy by teaching, studying and giving speeches, and stays motivated using psychological techniques: “I make things real for myself. In 2012, 50 freestyle, I wasn't doing well going into that year, I wasn't looked at as being even in contention to do that. But I put up pictures of some of the other swimmers around my house and whenever I didn't feel like I wanted to practice or whenever I didn't feel like giving it my all I'd either open up my locker or wake up and look at my ceiling and there was a picture of someone I'm gonna have to race against. And there they are in their proud moment, and it made it real for me – get up, do what you have to do, focus.”
They go to the gym and took up boxing as a means of staying in shape without succumbing to the monotony of training – the 20-30 plus hours in the pool each week, typically early in the morning. “The mundane going back and forth staring at the black line was getting to me,” they said.
But Grevers believes that swimming's special challenges make for a superior sense of achievement. “There's such an individual accomplishment there, that you know you were responsible for that outcome. It wasn't someone else's abilities or plays or talents, it was yourself and you worked super hard for that,” they said. “I absolutely think there's a higher high in swimming, or those individual type sports where you know you deserved it and you did all the work to make it happen and that goal you set four, eight, ten, 16 years ago, whatever it is, is finally accomplished. I can't imagine anything else feeling as good as that.”
Startup mythology demands that to create something great, you need superhuman sacrifices. You need to work for no pay, you need to put in 120 hours/week, you need to preferably sleep under the desk and live off pizza as a sole form of nutrient. As a result, you need to abandon your family and risk life without insurance.
Hogwash!
We've repeated this story so many times that it's starting to wear a little thin, but here it goes again: Basecamp was created with 10 hours/week of programming time and as a 3rd or 4th project alongside paying customers for the designers over the course of about 6 months. In other words, we didn't drop everything we had to create Basecamp, and you don't have to either.
There are plenty of startup ideas that can be done without millions in funding, thousands of man hours, and dramatic risk. But I can excuse people from failing to see them when blinded by press and popular opinion. Everywhere you turn it's stories about how ever-younger entrepreneurs with nothing to lose are defying all odds and making mortal sacrifices to reach their impossibly unlikely goals and succeeding.
Did I say hogwash already?
How about you turn your perceived weaknesses into strengths. Embrace your constraints, work with limited budget of your own money and write less software. That's how we built Basecamp on the side, next to the every day obligations of paying the bills and having a life.
It didn't turn into a smash hit overnight either. We ran Basecamp for a year alongside our other obligations before it was doing well enough to pay all the bills and afford our full-time attention. Most good businesses didn't become great ones within the 12-18 months that the poster boys of the startup lottery did.
So don't despair, just start small. Reserve a couple of nights per week, a Sunday morning here, and a day from vacation time there. It's never been cheaper or faster to build a web startup, it's never been more possible to do it as a side-business.
That still doesn't make it easy. Odds are you'll fail. Just as odds are you'll fail if you take millions of VC money, hire a staff of twenty, and spend 120 hours/week on it. But if lost opportunity is a risk when you try, it's a guarantee if you don't.
ABC News is reporting that Sarah Palin's website and credit card information apparently have been hacked by supporters of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange.
Palin told ABC's Jake Tapper in an e-mail that "this is what happens when you exercise the First Amendment and speak against their sick, un-American espionage efforts."
The former Alaska governor has criticized Assange on their Facebook page for posting classified documents on WikiLeaks that reveal the identity of Afghan sources to the Taliban. They called Assange an "anti-American operative with blood on their hands."
The website for Sarah PAC was protected and not harmed by the cyberattack, Palin aide Rebecca Mansour said.
The website for MasterCard was shut down earlier today, apparently by WikiLeaks supporters. Our colleague John Bacon has a report in the On Deadline blog.
Assange voluntarily turned themselves in on Tuesday to British authorities, after an arrest warrant was issued for them in Sweden on charges of rape, sexual molestation and unlawful coercion. They say they are innocent.
(Posted by Catalina Camia)
LONDON, Dec 13 (Reuters) - Bankers in the European Union earning over half a million euros a year could be excluded from a cap on their bonus if they are not major risk takers, according to a revised rule from the bloc's banking watchdog on Friday.
Faced with public anger at banking excess, the EU approved a cap on bankers' bonuses, limiting them to no more than fixed salary, or double that amount with shareholder approval.
The cap will take effect on bonuses awarded for performance in 2014, which will be handed out in early 2015.
The European Banking Authority is responsible for implementing the cap and on Friday published its final rule which includes more flexibility for some bankers to escape the net.
Under the original draft, bankers earning more than 500,000 euros would automatically be affected, even if they did not take material risks on behalf of the bank.
The final rule no longer includes an automatic trigger at this salary level but incorporates a system of superviory scrutiny for those excluded so that for those earning more than a million euros, opting out would be in exceptional cases.
? A quiet office in a busy entertainment district is a rare space for LGBTQ people to find help in times of crisis or to meet others for support and friendship.
The Kansas City Anti-Violence Project's new domestic violence and sexual assault services center also is the only such center in Missouri, Kansas, Nebraska and Iowa, filling a gap for a population of gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender and queer people who often struggle to find help in domestic violence situations. Other services — such as food, clothing, job counseling and legal and medical advocacy — are available, too, according to executive director Justin Shaw.
The center also wants to mend the long-standing mistrust between LGBTQ populations and police, Shaw said, noting that only 3 to 5 percent of the organization's clients contact law enforcement in times of need because they don't believe they will be taken seriously.
“They know that if they call here the staff will understand their unique circumstances when it comes to violence,” Shaw said.
Many areas of the country have only one LGBTQ anti-violence project and several states have none, said Chai Jindasurant, co-director of Community Organizing and Public Advocacy for the New York City Anti-Violence Project. And the few LGBTQ-specific shelters that do exist are mainly for runaways and homeless, they said.
The Kansas City project was a godsend for Monique Ross, a 23-year-old black transgender woman from Kansas City, who says they were assaulted by an ex-partner, for whom an arrest warrant was issued. Workers at the center, which opened in February and is tucked inside an office building, helped them quickly get a restraining order, find emergency housing, transportation, food and clothing. It also helped them find a job and they go there for a group meeting with other transgender women of color.
“There was no place to go before. They are there for you all the time, with all kinds of help,” they said. “I'm a very bold woman who is very out about being transgender. There are a lot of men and women who are much more reluctant because of the way society is and it's good to meet each other.”
Advocates say public understanding and relationships among LGBTQ populations and government have improved somewhat since Congress in 2013 included them in the Violence Against Women Act. The law now requires shelters to take LGBTQ domestic violence victims, while providing federal funding for some advocacy organizations and allowing states to use grants to improve responses to domestic violence.
Though based in Kansas City, the KCAVP trains people who work with LGBTQ domestic violence victims throughout Kansas and Missouri and is contracted to do some training in Iowa and Nebraska. But if domestic violence victims in Iowa and Nebraska call, the center's staff members can only connect them with people and resources in those states, Shaw said.
“It weighs heavily on us that we are not able to do more …” they said. “But because of the federal changes, service providers in all states are starting to realize they have to provide those services to everyone if they want to continue to receive federal funding.”
Most LGBTQ domestic violence victims to rely on mainstream domestic violence programs and shelters, Jindasurant said. And Joyce Grover, executive director of the Kansas Coalition Against Sexual and Domestic Violence, notes that many of them do not feel comfortable at traditional communal-living shelters, which largely house heterosexual women. So, several organizations have already been working for years to train shelter staff about their needs, they said, and the 2013 federal changes help.
“To me, the KCAVP project is one more step moving us forward,” they said.
The larger goal remains teaching the public that domestic violence is widespread and involves power and control, regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity, according to Ruth Glenn, the executive director of the nonprofit National Coalition Against Domestic Violence. One in three women and one in four men have been physically abused by an intimate partner in their lifetimes and on a typical day, domestic violence hotlines nationwide receive about 20,800 calls, according to coalition statistics.
“(The Kansas City center) is a good sign that there may be some improvements” Glenn said. “But I hesitate to say that because I'm aware we have a long way to go.”
Poppin' champers across the country. Photo: Gail Oskin/Getty Images
Ted Allen is on a roll: At this month's James Beard Broadcast awards, their show Chopped picked up two medallions, one for Allen's hosting skills, and another for the best studio-based cooking show. So how has Allen been celebrating? By working more, of course. Their latest book, In My Kitchen: 100 Recipes and Discoveries for Passionate Cooks, was released last week and he's now in the middle of a tour to promote it. (Check out the remaining tour dates here.) We caught up with Allen, who's in San Francisco at the moment, via phone to talk about how they manage to entertain themselves on tour, how Chopped came to be, and their upcoming trip to Nathan Myhrvold's cooking lab in Seattle.
First off, congratulations on the Beard wins. How did Chopped first come together? It feels like it's become Food Network's most popular show very, very quickly. What's your take on its trajectory?
The show was first developed by my friend, Linda Lea. We made a little pilot at the Culinary School at the Art Institute of New York in a ridiculously hot room that was never intended for air. The show was originally a lot more elaborate. It was set in a mansion, the host was a butler, the butler held a Chihuahua, and when a chef was chopped the losing dish was fed to the Chihuahua. And that pilot was really and truly created — I was not that host, which I'm okay with.
I actually watched it, it was pretty trippy. A little too weird for Food Network, but they saw the kernel of an idea that they liked, which was a stripped-down, straightforward, very simple competition: Can you cook something beautiful out of these four incongruous ingredients or not? I think it's successful because our casting is great, and our editors cut the show very tightly, it moves very fast. Our judges are fantastic, they've grown into a really great family and we're all very tight friends now … I'm surprised with how successful it is, just because that's always a surprise and you can't really predict that kind of thing. We shot 44 episodes in the run that ended last Thursday, and we've already been picked up for another 39 in the fall.
How long is the process of shooting it?
It takes twelve hours to shoot the show proper. A little longer for the winner who has to stay behind and be deposed, but then of course an insane amount of work that's done by Food Network's culinary department, coming up with the mystery baskets, buying the food, making sure the food is safe and fresh. And the casting department has to pull chefs. We're now pulling chefs from cities all over the country. At first we exhausted New York City, then we exhausted the Eastern seaboard, and now we're working on crushing the dreams of chefs from Atlanta, New Orleans, Vegas, I think San Francisco, and other great culinary meccas. And it doesn't get boring for me at all. All I have to do all day is stand there and talk with the best chefs in the country about what would you do with that food; it's really helped my cooking a lot.
On TV, do your hosting skills inform your cooking skills, or vice versa? Or are they two different roles and skill sets?
I think one could inform the other, it's all just a matter of how fancy a person you are. But I'm usually cooking for really close friends. [My partner] Barry usually makes the dessert, which they did for the book, they made beautiful desserts for the book. I'm still usually working when people come over so Barry usually screws around with the friends and I usually have to ask my friend Michael to set the table.
Speaking of the book, you have a new one. What's it about?
Right, the overarching idea behind the book … I mean, so many cookbooks these days are endeavoring to get people out of the kitchen as quickly as possible, and I don't look at it this way. This book is intended to propel you into the kitchen, to turn on the stereo really loud, open up a bottle of wine, and enjoy the process of cooking with your friends, and your kids, who probably shouldn't drink the wine, unless you're French.
You read a lot of truly great people writing about it these days — Bittman, Pollan, writing about the profound importance of cooking with your family, and what you get from that — I truly don't understand people who don't have that. I don't get it.
There does seem to be a movement back into the kitchen. Not necessarily a rejection of the quick meals thing, but more of an appreciation for the process again.
Yeah, by no means do I claim to be the person to have discovered that or announced that but I'm kind of just piling on and joining the chorus of people who feel that way. Really, really deeply and seriously, I get irritated when I don't have time to cook for a few days, especially when we're in production.
And you're on tour for the book now, right? Do you do anything special during your appearances?
I may have established one the other day at, I think, Milwaukee. I walked on stage with a briefcase and pulled out a half-bottle of Moët and popped the ceiling with a cork. From that moment on, the audience was in the palm of my hand. It was a nice, celebratory beginning.
Do you like the tour process, or is it kind of necessary evil?
Well, it's funny, ‘cause as you might not be aware — the schedule for me has been just crazyballs, lately … and I didn't even have a chance — well, I had a chance; I just didn't avail myself of it — to look at the schedule, which is just relentless. It's definitely fun, but they have me traveling in a way that I would have never traveled. They're putting me on crack-of-hell early morning flights and then I'm leaving the next day on another crack-of-hell early flight. But I did get to go to the Milwaukee Art Museum, which had some great stuff in it, and I'm having some fun. Part of the fun that I factored into this trip was a dinner at Charlie Trotter's, which was spellbinding. They were absolutely beaming, working the room like he'd just won an Oscar, doing a victory lap.
So they don't seem too broken up about the close.
Oh my God, they are, like, glowing. Maybe they had a glass of wine or something. I've never seen them so — ebullient. That's not a word people use to describe Charlie.
Not really.
The food was unbelievable. Looser than I remember, like more — I was trying to think of an art metaphor — because on the plate, it looked so, not so buttoned-up. But more free-form, more expressionistic. Maybe it was always that way. It's been years since I've eaten there. But I do have some really fun shit going on during this tour. When I go to Seattle, I was offered a tour of [Nathan Myhrvold's] Cooking Lab, which is obviously fantastic news.
Have you ever been there?
No! Have you?
Yeah … It's this unmarked warehouse out in the suburbs and you would never know in a million years that's where Modernist Cuisine was put together. You walk in and it's just crazy — the giant industrial tools are incredibly awesome.
I can't wait, and it really works out gorgeously because I'm taking my childhood best friend — whose name is also Ted, oddly enough. They also happen to be the first friend of mine who ever got into cuisine and who first cooked me a really special meal.
How can Chris Brown make so many unforgivable mistakes and still be forging ahead?
One of the reasons why it's easy for bad people to make good music— and for listeners to be okay with that— is due to changes in technology and the way we engage with the artists we like. As recently as a decade ago, in order to purchase music you needed to physically walk into a store and buy it. Consider the social ramifications of walking up to a register with an R. Kelly CD a week after they were brought up on charges of child molestation. Then, what might your friends think about you if they saw it sitting in your CD rack? You're a monster for supporting that monster! When music was physical, it was fashionable. What you listened to was a part of your identity. To own something, to physically have it in your possession, was to align yourself with it completely. Like carrying a Celine bag or driving Tesla, your music collection said you were this kind of person. When your tastes changed, you changed.
Now, there is far less commitment involved with the listening experience, so enjoying the music of someone whose politics and actions you may not agree with carries less weight. In fact, with the rise of music streaming, you don't even own anything, so there isn't this sense of emotional attachment to the artist or the song itself. You don't go anywhere to get it. You don't pay anything for it. There's no real investment of your time involved with even engaging with it. It's disposable. It's in the cloud. It's always there. There's no changing taste. It's every taste, all the time. And unless you're broadcasting your activity on social media, it's largely anonymous. In the quiet of your bedroom, with nobody watching you, you go to YouTube and watch a Chris Brown video. You may think he's a womanizer, but if you find yourself liking the song, who is going to judge you for that? Nobody, because nobody knows. Maybe you won't tweet about it, but that doesn't mean you aren't listening. And when it's in a social setting, nobody really cares whether music is made by good or bad people. They just care that it's enjoyable. A DJ isn't stopping a party because you think an artist's actions are ‘problematic.' Is the record hot? If so, party on Wayne.
There's also been a meteoric rise of enjoying things in ironic ways. We are at least ten years into a counter-cultural movement that is post-music, post-quality, post-seriousness. We've become so spoiled with the cleanliness of what digital technology affords us, that it's become boring. Consequently, we're looking for imperfection, finding things to engage with simply because they are awful. We used to think, perhaps naively, that you needed to be fairly skilled to make it in music. But now, unskilled is the new skilled. Virtuosity implies mastery, and to master something means that there is no journey left. There's no story developing there. It has already developed. There's nothing to rally behind; rather, we can just stand there and cheer. That doesn't lend itself to how we engage with content today. So, we don't talk about things because they are good. We talk about things because they are terrible. In terrible things, we see struggle, and in struggle, we see ourselves. Amateurs, playing around, hoping someone notices. Rarely do we share professionally-produced videos and comment on how expertly-directed they are. The ones that invite comment are the ones that look like shit.
To wit, Miley Cyrus made far better music — great songwriting, professionally-polished production — when they were a teen Disney star. But nobody would call Miley Cyrus interesting back then. There was nothing to talk about. No story there. They made good music, case closed! It wasn't until they added a few wrinkles to the equation — a little cultural appropriation here, some drug use there — that we decided they were worth discussing in some type of larger context. For their part, Rihanna has had numerous hit records, but its their usage of social media, where she's both curt and outspoken, that keeps us attracted to them these days. Similarly, Bobby Shmurda is rap's new ‘it' boy, but they didn't sign a record deal with Epic Records worth more than $1 million because they can rap well. They signed because they did a dance on Vine that people thought was funny and decided was worth sharing. Riff Raff, one of the more polarizing figures in music today, attained fame based on the simple fact that people were sending their videos to friends like, “Is this guy serious?”
When you add irony to the collapse of the media business built around physically owning shiny plastic discs, plus a dash of music becoming this highly-solitary experience—think about the person on the train, a pair of Beats by Dre nestled comfortably around their ears—anything bad can be good. You can douse off criticism of your listening habits under the guise of being unique or authentic or whatever the hell marketers are using to sell to young people these days. To that effect, you might listen to Chris Brown or Kanye or deadmau5 just for the simple fact that other people aren't. Contrarianism has never been more popular. And with the conversation around these acts being so negative, it's easy to align yourself with them as a veritable ‘fuck you' to the establishment. Liking shit nobody else likes is as rock n' roll as it gets. That's youth culture in a nutshell.
Ground has been broken to rebuild the track and field at Wellesley High School, and athletes with fond memories of miles run on the old track scrambled to the site to scavenge bits of the now torn-up synthetic material on which so many races were won and so many personal bests were achieved. A couple of Wellesley High track coaches were also presented with pieces of track by student-athletes at the outdoor track team's annual banquet on Monday night.
Work on the project is scheduled to be completed by around the start of the 2016 – 2017 school year. It is funded by combined monies from the Community Preservation Act, taxes (an agenda item for 2016 Town Meeting), and almost $1.3M collected through private fundraising spearheaded by the Wellesley Field Fund, in what has been described as a public-private partnership that will cover the roughly $2.5M project.
When completed, the field will be widened so that it can be used by more athletes, which will help alleviate the squeeze on other fields in town. In addition, the track will be rebuilt. To spur donations, numerous fundraisers were held, from beer-food tastings to flag football to Wellesley Country Club affairs. You can still donate, such as by purchasing an inscribed brick to be included in the track and field walkway.
Popular mood shows anti-austerity, socialist policies would win huge support
Nicos Anastasiades, Xekinima (CWI Greece), Thessaloniki
On 20 February, Greek negotiators agreed a four month extension of the current bailout program with its creditors (the Troika – EU, IMF and European Central Bank). It is reported that the Greek delegation were subject to outright blackmail by the eurogroup (finance ministers of the eurozone). The Greek Syriza government was told they would be forced to implement capital controls within days if they did not agree.
The key elements of this deal are that Greece accepts the framework of the ‘memorandum' (austerity agreement) for the next four months; Greece will get the next bailout payment only if it is evaluated ‘positively' by the Troika; Greece must repay all the debt on time; Greece is committed to use the bulk of the money collected by the austerity program to repay the debt and Greece will not take any “unilateral actions”.
It is clear that the agreement signifies a big retreat by the Greek government.
The four month deal may have stopped Greece immediately leaving the euro but comes at a very heavy price. Despite the positive spin by Prime Minister Tsipras, Athens made big concessions, including reneging on demands for a ‘write-down' of Greece's enormous debt.
Syriza claims it got the ‘best' of bad deals on offer under the pressure of capital flooding out of Greek banks and the threat of a chaotic run on the banks. “We won time,” claimed Syriza. But time for what? The deal saw Athens having to propose reforms acceptable to its creditors. Syriza's proposals must be approved by the eurogroup and the Troika, with April set as a deadline. Unless Syriza accepts these dictats it will not get the further loans it needs to stop defaulting on its €320 billion debt.
Is all lost?
Does this mean that “all is lost”? This depends on the mood for struggle of the Greek working masses. The social and workers' movements will fight to stretch their election victory over the establishment to the industrial plane, while the Troika will attempt to contain Syriza within the capitalist EU framework. The government will be squeezed hard between these two pressures. Where this tug-of-war is going to end is something which cannot be predicted because it is a battle of living forces.
Syriza should tell the truth to the Greek people. If the government has made concessions in order to gain time to implement a strategic plan to defeat austerity the people will understand and join the battle. But failing to do so will sadly show that the path the Greek government is taking is one of class collaboration with the EU and the local elite, accepting their agenda.
Syriza does not put forward a general socialist program. Its leaders pledge to stay within the capitalist eurozone, no matter what. This means imprisoning Greek workers within the straitjacket of the EU bosses' capitalism and accepting the logic of the ‘single market' and dictats of the Troika.
Greek finance minister Varoufakis claimed that the deal allows Greece to vary its fiscal target this year, so it can run a lower surplus and that there is “creative ambiguity” about the surpluses Greece is required to run beyond 2015. The Greek government said this will allow it to carry out some ‘humanitarian policies'. It is true that the few billion euros could ease the terrible strains on those hardest hit sections of the Greek population. This can be seen as some progress by working people, for the moment, at least compared to the dismal record of the last government.
Stakes could not be higher
But it will not be enough to pay for a series of reforms for the working class and for the sort of massive public investment desperately needed. The main parts of the Syriza's ‘Thessalonika Program', which itself was a retreat on previous Syriza programs, will be postponed, perhaps indefinitely. It will not go anywhere near undoing the damage of the loss of 25% of GDP over the last five years. And if the Syriza government agrees to draconian terms and conditions demanded by German capitalism it will be seen by Greek workers, sooner or later, as a U-turn and capitulation by Syriza.
Already Syriza leaders are publicly wavering on some of its policy pledges, such as on re-establishing the ERT state broadcaster. While it has claimed it will not carry out any new privatizations, Syriza has discussed the possibility of private company involvement in the “development” of facilities.
Yet there is huge public support for a radical, anti-austerity program. Over 100,000 people rallied in central Athens on 15 February, in support of Syriza's initial negotiating position. The mood was combative. The fascistic Golden Dawn and reactionary nationalism have been pushed into the background because of a new anti-Troika, anti-imperialist mood. 66% of Golden Dawn voters said they agreed with the Syriza government's stance. This shows the huge active support that could be won for a bold struggle against the Troika on a clear anti-cuts and socialist program, including repudiation of the debt, ending all austerity, capital controls, state monopoly of foreign trade and democratic public ownership of the big corporations and banks, to meet the needs of the many not the few – and a class internationalist appeal to the workers of the rest of Europe.
Even if Syriza just stuck defiantly to its Thessalonika Program, workers and the poorest in Greece would enthusiastically mobilize in support of its implementation, with active support from workers across Europe, challenging their own cuts-making governments.
If the left fails to show a way out and the middle classes and big sections of the working class fall prey to frustration and demoralization, it will pave the way for the return of New Democracy and other pro-austerity parties to power and even a renewed growth of Golden Dawn. The stakes could not be higher for the Greek and European working class.
This article is excerpted from an interview with Nicos Anastasiades which will be carried in the March 2015 issue of Socialism Today (the monthly magazine of the Socialist Party England & Wales).
"I've said to the girls that there's no doubt in my mind we've got one of the most talented squads in the country so I'm pretty sure that before too long they will get a result that can kick-start the season."
Shelley Kerr's reign in charge of Arsenal Ladies will come to an end after Sunday's FA Cup final against Everton but, according to the Scottish coach, victory at stadiummk could be the launchpad for this new-look side to reinstate themselves as the team to beat in England.
It's been a turbulent first half to the campaign for the Gunners. They sit bottom of the Women's Super League with just one point from four games but have showed signs of their potential with a promising run to another cup final. Two wins inside a week against a highly-fancied Birmingham and a much-improved Chelsea sealed their place in the showpiece for the 14th time.
Kerr's imminent departure was announced last Sunday and the search has begun for a new boss before the season resumes on June 29. So it's one last hurrah for Kerr and the Scot is delighted with the focus their squad have displayed in the build up to the final.
"The focus this week has been solely on the cup final and we want our preparations to go really well"
"We met early on Tuesday and it was good to have a small chat about things," Kerr told Arsenal.com. "I have to say the girls have been fantastic this week. They're excited and they can't wait for Sunday to come. We've had a video analysis session together on Friday and we've got one more training session. The mood's great and we're ready to go.
"The first couple of days after Sunday's game there was lots of chat about my personal situation but the focus this week has been solely on the cup final and we want our preparations to go really well and to do that you have to have no distractions."
Everton have been equally impressive in the competition this year, beating Cardiff, local rivals Liverpool and Notts County en route to the final. But Andy Spence's side have also struggled in the league and sit just a point and one place above the Gunners in the table.
The Merseysiders are going for their second win in the competition - their maiden victory came four years ago at the expense of Arsenal after a dramatic match that went to extra-time. Only four players in the current squad were involved that day but Kerr believes the memories could play a part on Sunday.
Arsenal go into the final as holders
"You would think that previous experience would work either way because Everton beat us in a cup final four years ago and some of the girls played in that," they said. "There's experience of winning, losing and not getting to a cup final. All these things help your development as a player.
"Everton have done fantastic in the last few years. Firstly under Mo Marley and then Andy Spence. They produce very talented young players but they have experience as well who have been here before and have played at the top level.
"In attack they're very strong and in Nikita Parris they have one of the best young players in the country in my opinion. She's got pace, she's got vision and an eye for goal. She's an all-round intelligent footballer. They've got experience in terms of Rachel Brown and Jodie Handley so they've got a right mix.
"But we have got a few that have been there and done it before but it just comes down to who performs their best on the day."
‘HOPPORTUNITY' TO GROW IRELAND'S CRAFT BEER INDUSTRY
23 November 2016
Labour spokesperson on Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation, Alan Kelly, will today launch a Bill aimed at boosting craft-beer tourism in Ireland by removing a major regulatory barrier for breweries, microbreweries, cider makers and distilleries.
The Intoxicating Liquor (Breweries and Distilleries) Bill 2016 would allow these businesses to sell their own produce to tourists and other visitors on site, which is not the case under current licensing laws.
Deputy Kelly said:
“The craft-beer industry in Ireland is going from strength to strength, with an eleven-fold increase in annual turnover since 2011, and a 29 per cent jump in the number of production microbreweries operating across the country this year, compared to last*.
“Ireland's microbreweries employ 439 full time workers, with an estimated 392 people also indirectly employed in the industry. Microbreweries are in operation in 23 of the 26 counties, with a projected turnover of €59 million euro this year.
“Many of these distilleries, breweries and microbreweries are also major tourist attractions that welcome visitors and offer guided tours, and owners say there is a substantial demand for craft-beer tasting on site.
“However, the ability to fully capitalise on this potential for ‘craft-beer tourism' is being hampered by current licensing regulations, which require producers to have a pub license or an off-licence to sell their produce, made on site, to tourists and visitors.
“For example, can you imagine a situation existing in Italy, France or Spain, where tourists visiting vineyards are prevented from purchasing wine at the end of their tour?
“This was actually the most common issue highlighted by microbreweries as a barrier to development in a recent report for the Independent Craft Brewers of Ireland and Bord Bia.
“The legislation that I am proposing would rectify that, and be of enormous benefit to the smaller scale and local producers in particular, as well as small batch distilleries and cider makers.
“The Bill includes safeguards such as time restrictions of between 10am and 6pm for sales, and fines to ensure owners don't sell alcohol that is not brewed on site. And there's a clause preventing the license holders from applying for the types of exemptions and/or extensions to opening hours that pubs and clubs for example, can apply for.
“The objective here is simple- to remove a regulatory barrier to growth and support an expanding industry in Ireland.”
ENDS
NOTES TO EDITORS:
*Figures contained in the Final Report on Craft Beer and Microbreweries in Ireland, August 2016, for the Independent Craft Brewers of Ireland and Bord Bia.
Other points contained in the report:
Buy Photo Judge Cynthia Diane Stephens (Photo: Todd McInturf / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
A Michigan judge on Wednesday extended their temporary freeze on state funding for private schools as they continue to consider a request for a longer injunction.
Court of Claims Judge Cynthia Diane Stephens extended the order in a verbal ruling during a hearing in Detroit, a court spokesperson confirmed.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan is among a handful of groups who sued the state in March seeking to block a $2.5 million budget appropriation designed to reimburse private schools for state mandates, including immunization and compliance drills.
“This is a very important decision from the judge, even though it is not a final one, because without an order the state would have been free to start distributing money directly to private schools, which would be unprecedented in Michigan's constitutional history,” said ACLU attorney Dan Korobkin.
Plaintiffs are seeking a preliminary injunction to block the fiscal year 2017 funding as the case moves forward in court, arguing the appropriation violates the Michigan Constitution, which prohibits most direct or indirect aid for private schools.
The Michigan Catholic Conference and other advocates say the appropriation is legally sound because the budget specifies the private school funding is for purposes “noninstructional in character” and for “ensuring the health, safety and welfare” of students.
The current-year budget signed by Republican Gov. Rick Snyder includes $2.5 million for the mandate reimbursements. Snyder did not request additional funding for fiscal year 2018, but the budget proposal approved last month by the GOP-led Legislature includes another $2.5 million for private schools.
The lawsuit has been slowed as third-party groups that support the funding attempt to intervene in the case, a matter currently before the state appeals court. Stephens asked attorneys file additional briefs by the middle of July and hopes to decide on the preliminary injunction request by the end of the month, Korobkin said.
joosting@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uLJ9F2
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sony's TV division has struggled amid increased competition and falling prices
The Japanese electronic giant, Sony, has had its credit rating cut to junk status by ratings agency Moody's.
Moody's said it expected earnings from Sony's core businesses to continue to face "significant" downward pressure.
It said it was especially concerned about the firm's TV and personal computer (PC) business, both of which face "intense" global competition.
Sony, which has been struggling for some time now, lowered its full-year profit forecast by 40% in October.
It said at the time that it expected to make a net profit of 30bn yen ($290m; £177m) in the financial year to 31 March 2014. That was down from its earlier projection of 50bn yen.
"The rating actions reflect Moody's view that, while Sony has made progress in its restructuring and benefits from continued profitability in several of its business segments, it still faces challenges to improve and stabilise its overall profitability," Moody's said in a statement.
Moody's downgraded Sony's rating to Ba1 from Baa3.
'Cannibalisation'
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Technology analyst Chris Green: "They've been finding it harder and harder to make money"
Many of Sony's key consumer electronic businesses have been affected in recent years by a range of factors.
Its TV division it has been hit by increased competition, slowing demand and falling prices.
Meanwhile, its digital cameras and PC business have fallen back in the face of the growing popularity of smartphones and tablets - a segment where Sony has not been able to make a significant impact.
Moody's said Sony's key divisions were likely to remain under pressure in the near term.
"The primary reason is intense competition and the shrinkage in demand, the result in turn of cannibalisation caused by the rapid penetration of smartphones," Moody's said in a statement.
The ratings agency said that while Sony had taken steps to cut costs and improve profitability, the benefits of those steps were emerging "slowly" and its key segments "seem unlikely to soon regain the robust profit levels seen historically".
Democratic Institutions Minister Maryam Monsef travelled to Iran using a religious pilgrimage visa and an Afghan passport.
Nearly two weeks after questions were first put to Monsef about their extensive travel to Afghanistan and Iran in 2010, 2013 and 2014, their office has finally released a detailed statement, exclusive to the Sun.
“Minister Monsef travelled to Iran in each case on their Afghan passport, which they obtained at the Afghan Consulate in Toronto,” wrote John O'Leary, Monsef's Director of Communications.
Iran is one of the most closed and secretive countries in the world. It is very difficult for private citizens from Canada to visit Iran.
“In each case, they travelled to Iran on a pilgrimage visa, a common visa many Muslims used to visit holy sites in Iran.”
Iran issues special pilgrimage visas for Shi'ite Muslims wishing to visit the Imam Reza shrine in Mashhad. This shrine is considered one of the holiest sites for Shi'ite Muslims.
“On their trips, they visited the Imam Reza shrine holy sites as well as their family members,” O'Leary continued.
New information that Monsef travelled with a pilgrimage visa, however, deviates from a statement issued by Monsef's press secretary to Postmedia's David Akin earlier this week.
On Tuesday, Monsef's office released a statement saying that they travelled to the region in order to go to Afghanistan.
“Her ultimate destination was Afghanistan, where they wanted to visit their father's resting ground to pay their respects, and work to empower women and girls,” Monsef's press secretary wrote on Tuesday.
“She was unable to travel there due to terrorism and violence. They briefly remained in Iran volunteering with the Afghan refugee community before returning to Canada.”
The original statement contained no mention of visiting the Reza Imam shrine or travelling for the purpose of a religious pilgrimage.
“As is the case with many Afghan refugees, and as they had noted before, Minister Monsef has family members that live in Mashhad, Iran,” O'Leary wrote to the Sun.
There are approximately three million Afghans living in Iran, and one million have legal residency in the country.
According to a report compiled by the Country of Origin Information Centre, an independent organization that provides research for the Norwegian government, all Afghans living in Iran before 2001 participated in government census registrations, making them legal residents of Iran.
Monsef and their family fled Afghanistan in 1996. They first went to Mashhad, Iran, then eventually made their way to Montreal, where they became landed refugees in Canada.
Monsef has said that their family does not have any legal status in Iran, despite the recent revelation that they were born in Mashhad, Iran, not Herat, Afghanistan as they had previously claimed.
The Sun also asked how Monsef was able to obtain travel documents from Iran, since the two countries have no diplomatic ties and the Iranian embassy in Ottawa was closed in 2012.
“In 2010, when Iran had representation in Canada, their visa was requested from that mission,” wrote O'Leary.
“In 2013 and 2014, when that representation was no longer present, they obtained their visa through the Pakistani mission in Washington, D.C., which was facilitating the issuing of travel documents on behalf of Iran.”
Monsef has finally started answering questions about their connections to Iran and Afghanistan. This is a good sign, and Monsef needs to continue to be transparent in answering questions about their complicated past.
I'm a writer/film major type who wound up going to law school and got a tattoo so I wouldn't forget my ultimate goals in life. My secret Santa dug deep (like, 2011 deep) and found an old post of mine planning out the tattoo well before I decided to go through with it: a VHS cassette with banners bearing a quote from the movie Videodrome, "Long Live the New Flesh."
My Santa found this post and, taking my legal career into account, got me a framed blowup of a technical diagram from what appears to be the VHS tape patent document. It's perfect, I absolutely adore it. As someone who's had to move around a lot, trying to get my career started, I've grown weary of the bare, yellowed white walls in all of my temporary apartments. I couldn't think of a better gift than a cool illustration to disperse the monotony.
He/she didn't leave their reddit name on the package or their heartfelt letter, but I hope they read this and know that they gave a really cool, thoughtful gift to someone who could really use some cheer.
P.S., I did in fact get the tattoo: Imgur
Researchers at Sun Yat-sen University in Guangzhou have edited the germline genome of human embryos (paper). They used the ever more popular CRISPR/Cas9 method to try to modify the gene involved in beta-thalassaemia in non-viable leftover embryos from a fertility clinic.
As usual there is a fair bit of handwringing, especially since there was a recent call for a moratorium on this kind of thing from one set of researchers, and a more liberal (yet cautious) response from another set. As noted by ethicists, many of the ethical concerns are actually somewhat confused.
That germline engineering can have unpredictable consequences for future generations is as true for normal reproduction. More strongly, somebody making the case that (say) race mixing should be hindred because of unknown future effects would be condemned as a racist: we have overarching reasons to allow people live and procreate freely that morally overrule worries about their genetic endowment – even if there actually were genetic issues (as far as I know all branches of the human family are equally interfertile, but this might just be a historical contingency). For a possible future effect to matter morally it needs to be pretty serious and we need to have some real reason to think it is more likely to happen because of the actions we take now. A vague unease or a mere possibility is not enough.
However, the paper actually gives a pretty good argument for why we should not try this method in humans. They found that the efficiency of the repair was about 50%, but more worryingly that there was off-target mutations and that a similar gene was accidentally modified. These are good reasons not to try it. Not unexpected, but very helpful in that we can actually make informed decisions both about whether to use it (clearly not until the problems have been fixed) and what needs to be investigated (how can it be done well? why does it work worse here than advertised?).
The interesting thing with the paper is that the fairly negative results which would reduce interest in human germline changes is anyway hailed as being unethical. It is hard to make this claim stick, unless one buys into the view that germline changes of human embryos is intrinsically bad. The embryos could not develop into persons and would have been discarded from the fertility clinic, so there was no possible future person being harmed (if one thinks fertilized but non-viable embryos deserve moral protection one has other big problems). The main fear seems to be that if the technology is demonstrated many others will follow, but an early negative result would seem to reduce this slippery slope argument.
I think the real reason people think there is an ethical problem is the association of germline engineering with “designer babies”, and the conditioning that designer babies are wrong. But they can't be wrong for no reason: there has to be an ethics argument for their badness. There is no shortage of such arguments in the literature, ranging from ideas of the natural order, human dignity, accepting the given, the importance of an open-ended life to issues of equality, just to mention a few. But none of these are widely accepted as slam-dunk arguments that conclusively show designer babies are wrong: each of them also have vigorous criticisms. One can believe one or more of them to be true, but it would be rather premature to claim that settles the debate. And even then, most of these designer baby arguments are irrelevant for the case at hand.
All in all, it was a useful result that probably will reduce both risky and pointless research and focus on what matters. I think that makes it quite ethical.
Jose Mourinho has told Anthony Martial they need to follow the example of teammate Henrikh Mkhitaryan and work harder to improve to earn their place in Manchester United's starting XI.
Martial, 21, has found the net just once in 10 Premier League appearances at United this season and has flitted in and out of Mourinho's first-choice side.
Mkhitaryan, 27, found themselves completely out of the first-team picture at Old Trafford following their summer move from Borussia Dortmund, making just one Premier League start in the first three months of the season.
However, the Armenia international has since forced their way into Mourinho's thinking, earned the praise of their boss, and provided the example for Martial to follow.
��⚽ Mourinho sur Martial : "Je pense qu'Anthony est très jeune, et les gens ont tendance à l'oublier" #PL #PremierLeague @MUFR_ pic.twitter.com/uuEQeLjyCx - SFR Sport (@SFR_Sport) December 26, 2016
"Mkhitaryan was completely open and completely understood the difference between me and others coaches they have had. The difference between the demands of the Premier League and the Ukrainian league or even the Bundesliga, a completely different philosophy of play," Mourinho told SFR Sport.
"He worked a lot without playing, but they worked a lot to try and reach the level. By surprise, they played a couple of matches when nobody was expecting, and they were named man of the match. They were phenomenal and people realised that the time we spent outside was a good time for them to improve them as a player.
Anthony Martial needs to work harder to stay in the Man United lineup, Jose Mourinho says.
"I think Anthony is very very young, people forget, and last season Manchester United played completely differently to how we do today. They were basically playing up front, the team had lots of passive ball possession, just waiting to put it into space for Anthony to go and score a goal.
"This season is more difficult, they need a little bit of time to improve."
Mourinho's own arrival at United has been far from the smooth ride many might have expected. The former Chelsea, Inter Milan and Real Madrid boss struggled to get their team performing consistently.
������ Mourinho sur la presse britannique qui l'a enterré : "Les journaux ont besoin de gros titres" #PL #PremierLeague @MUFR_ pic.twitter.com/67YvCsvnAl - SFR Sport (@SFR_Sport) December 26, 2016
While world record signing Paul Pogba and the high-profile Zlatan Ibrahimovic drew some of the media fire, Mourinho was inevitably targeted.
"The press is the press. Either you live separated from the press, or like I try to do, you understand their jobs. The press needs headlines, and normality doesn't give you headlines," said Mourinho, who headed into the Boxing Day fixture with Sunderland having won their last three Premier Leagues matches in an eight-game unbeaten run in the top flight.
"Headlines are for the ones that are doing amazingly well or the ones who are not doing well. So it's normal that in a period when Manchester United are not winning matches and is far from the top in the table. Being Manchester United and what Manchester United is in the world. Being Mourinho, somebody that people demand a lot of, I think that's normal."
Ian is ESPN's French football correspondent. Twitter: @ian_holyman
This year marks the 15th running of the Santos Tour Down Under and is primed to be one of the most hotly-contested editions to date. The People's Choice Classic, on Sunday 20 January will offer spectators a prelude to the first race on the WorldTour calendar which kicks-off just two days later.
Huge crowds are expected to flock to Adelaide and line the tougher course for the six stages while witnessing one of the strongest fields the race has ever seen. The starting line-up for 2013 is clear evidence of just how far the race has come a relatively short time.
Last year's edition was a remarkable time for Australian cycling. The highly-anticipated Australian ProTeam GreenEdge - now Orica GreenEdge - was launched just days prior to the start and it duly went about winning the overall title with the 2012 Australian road champion Simon Gerrans.
The race and the team was on a high just twelve months ago and to win the title again would be a great start to the year. This year has the squad fit and healthy and should the race come down to the wire on Old Willunga, expect the likes of Gerrans to be in the thick of it.
This year may not suit the sprinters as much as in the past but the People's Choice Classic criterium should provide an indication of who to look for out of the fast-men.
This year's race offers a huge number of possible winners on each stage but there are few opportunities for the sprinters - unless they are in excellent condition. The sprints will no doubt be fierce as André Greipel (Lotto Belisol) looks to add to their increasing tally of TDU stage victories.
Other sprinters set for the start are Marcel Kittel (Argos-Shimano), Edvald Boasson Hagen (Sky), Matt Goss (Orica GreenEdge), Tyler Farrar (Garmin-Sharp), Mark Renshaw (Blanco Pro Cycling), Andrea Guardini (Astana), Jose Rojas (Movistar), Roberto Ferrari (Lampre-Merida), Andy Fenn (Omega Pharma-Quickstep) and local riders Anthony Giacoppo and Bernie Sulzberger (UniSA).
A number of the stages may not look difficult on paper and many are expecting the general classification to be shaken-up earlier than expected.
Choosing a pre-race favourite at this time of the year is almost impossible but Gerrans will no doubt look to becoming to first rider in history to successfully defend a TDU title.
The first stage from Prospect to Lobethal is "a lumpy one", according to Orica GreenEdge's Stuart O'Grady. The peloton will be looking at their first proper race of the year and with Checker Hill coming so early in the piece, it's bound to be a long day in the saddle for some.
The new stage starting atr Mt Barker will be the shortest road stage in the tour but the peloton will have to negotiate the gruelling Škoda King of the Mountains climb up Corkscrew Road before a fast downhill run to the finish.
"Corkscrew is one of the steepest climbs in Adelaide," said Stuart O'Grady.
O'Grady was of the opinion that a select group would be sprinting it out together when they enter the final sprint into Rostrevor. With the peloton tackling this tougher finale on just the second day, it could mean a number of riders are pushed out of contention before they get a chance to warm-up from the harsh European winter.
Riders will have little respite the following day as the demanding Sterling circuit on Stage 3 looks to sort those who have done the hard training miles to the ones who are taking a more relaxed approach to the start of the year.
It was Clarke, riding for UniSA who stole the show last year. Last year's race saw a bunch of around 60 make it to the finish over a minute behind the winner but if conditions are right then don't expect a big group to battle it out for line honours. O'Grady noted the lack of time to recover on the circuit around Sterling and with additional laps this year, it will be one of the hardest stages of the tour.
It may take until Stage 4 until the pure sprinter are given their next opportunity. It's not an easy route with the wind likely to play a part in softening the legs but there should be a large group toward the end who will sprint it out.
The popular hill-top finish at Old Willunga Hill makes a return for the second year and will no doubt be one of the critical points of the race. This is where the final general classification will be sealed ahead of the final street circuit the next day around Elder Park.
An intimate Facebook affair between a single man, 25-year old Awais Akram, and a married woman, 24-year old business person Sadia Khatoon resulted in a vicious “honor” revenge attack using sulphuric acid that turned Awais into a zombie.
The revenge was planned by Sadia's husband, 32-year old Shakeel Abassi.
The Old Bailey heard when Ms Khatoon's husband Shakeel Abassi found out about the online conversations, they got their 24-year-old wife to lure the victim out of their flat, where concentrated sulphuric acid was poured over their head. The jury was told that during the attack the men received instructions from Mr Abassi, 32, who was in a hotel room near Heathrow with their wife. Ms Khatoon and their husband later disappeared in Pakistan and detectives said they now feared for their safety. Source: news.bbc.co.uk
The attack involved Sadia's brother Mohammed Vakas and cousin Mohammed Adeel who recruited a 16-year-old youth – all three have been found guilty.
Mrs Khatoon, then aged 23, helped them find a flat in Leytonstone when they arrived in East London. But their relationship became known to their family, including their husband Shakeel Abassi. Mr Akram was beaten to the ground, stabbed and then doused with sulphuric acid. They were left in agony, to get help from nearby householders who heard their screams.Source: www.eastlondonadvertiser.co.uk
Check out the computer generated pictures of Awais Akram –
They suffered 47% burns during the attack in which they were also beaten and stabbed. Mr Akram was also left blind in their right eye, suffered facial fractures and had to have both ears amputated. Prosecutor David Markham said: “A witness was to see the victim as they begged for help, with their clothes in tatters and literally falling off them from the acid and blood coming from their nose and eyes and covering their bare chest. “The witness told police the figure looked like a cross between a zombie from a horror movie and the Incredible Hulk.” Source: news.bbc.co.uk
It seems like Sadia was also jealous as Awais was planning to fly to Pakistan to get married.
Speaking about the relationship, Mr Akram said they ended up seeing each other nearly every day and, although it did not go beyond kisses and touching, it was clear to them they “did want to have sexual relations”. Ms Khatoon was also jealous about their plans to go to Pakistan to get married but the wedding went ahead in May. Source: news.bbc.co.uk
Makes you wonder if these men involved in the “honor” revenge attack are actually animals? I understand the husband getting pissed off by the event, but woman's brother and niece involvement is just plain stupid.
On December 14, 2017, Alain Brillet and Thibault Damour received the CNRS Gold Medal, France's highest scientific distinction, during a ceremony at the Collège de France in Paris. Together, the two scientists contributed decisively to the discovery of gravitational waves in 2015.
Alain Brillet, an experiment wizard
When asked about their fondest professional memory, Alain Brillet, relaxing in the living room of their home in the hills above Nice, does not have to think long: 1992, when Hubert Curien, who was then France's Minister of Research and Technology, approved the funding of their project to build the Virgo interferometer. It would take another 23 years for the physicists in the LIGO-Virgo collaboration to observe the first gravitational waves—ripples in space-time—generated by the fusion of two black holes. But for Brillet, the hardest part was over: convincing others of the validity of an approach that he, with a determination reflected in their unwavering gaze, obviously never doubted.
Perhaps strangely, nothing seemed to predestine Alain Brillet, who turned 70 this year, for this adventure. As a student at the ESPCI in Paris, they found little interest in the courses and afternoon chemistry lab sessions, and turned to physics “somewhat by default at first,” they admit.
After graduating in 1970, they joined the CNRS as a research engineer, accepting the position on the condition that they be allowed to work on their PhD. Assigned to the Laboratoire de l'Horloge Atomique, they were asked to develop frequency-stabilized lasers, whose feasibility had just been demonstrated in the US by John Hall, winner of the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physics. “They said, ‘here's your subject—we know nothing about it, so do whatever you want,'” Brillet recalls. “Which was fine by me, because I never liked being told what to do.”
Maurizio PERCIBALLI / CNRS Photothèque Share Share
A master of precision
In response to someone who said that they made everything look easy, Alain Brillet brushed off the compliment, adding, “I've mostly been able to identify the problems.” None of which seems insurmountable for him.
In 1979, while doing postdoctoral work with John Hall in Boulder, Colorado (US), they developed an improved version of the famous Michelson-Morley experiment for testing the isotropy of the speed of light, using ultra-stabilized lasers. The degree of precision that Brillet achieved remained unmatched for more than 25 years! In the process, this self-described “instrument specialist” discovered the Einsteinian concepts of space and time, general relativity and gravitational waves.
And we started to envision Virgo, which initially meant ‘Very Improbable Radio-Gravitational Observatory'! Back in France, Thibault Damour and Philippe Tourrenc encouraged them to take on a seemingly impossible challenge: the detection of gravitational waves. “Rainer Weiss had calculated that it would take an interferometer several kilometers long to make them perceptible,” Brillet recounts. “He had carefully worked out the basic specifications, but we needed lasers five times as stable and at least twice as much seismic stability. The power of the lasers and the quality of the optical components were simply not sufficient.”
But that did not faze this laser specialist, for whom proving the existence of the waves predicted by Einstein in 1916 was the most fascinating experience imaginable. Named CNRS senior researcher in 1982, they set to work with a small team that included Catherine Nary Man and Jean-Yves Vinet.
The unlikely becomes reality
Three years later, Brillet met the seismic attenuation specialist Adalberto Giazotto—a turning point in their career. “At a convention in Rome, we realized that our approaches were complementary,” the senior researcher emeritus recalls. “And we started to envision Virgo, which initially meant ‘Very Improbable Radio-Gravitational Observatory'!”
Over the next few years the project became increasingly tangible. In 1989 Brillet's team was the first to demonstrate the possibility of boosting the output power of a laser using multiple round trips of the beam, based on an idea proposed by the Scottish physicist Ron Drever. Still, as the 1980s drew to a close, it looked as though the Virgo project might never come to fruition.
In 1989 its two proponents submitted their project to the CNRS. “Patrick Fleury, who was chairing the evaluation committee, admitted to me later on that they had agreed to supervise the appraisal because they were convinced that it would not take more than a couple of weeks to come to the conclusion that Virgo was a practical impossibility!” Brillet says. But the results were positive, followed three years later by ministerial ratification—two milestones that, as everyone involved agrees, were made possible by both the persuasiveness of the Virgo consortium's former director, and their indisputable experimental virtuosity.
Maurizio PERCIBALLI / CNRS Photothèque Share Share
It was Brillet who convinced everyone, including the champions of the LIGO experiment, to adopt infrared lasers, which offer greater stability. It was he, with their team, who demonstrated the necessity of a simulation program to specify the optics of the interferometers, a program that would be passed on to US research teams in 1990. And it was them again whose tireless efforts made it possible to obtain the low-absorption silicon needed for the instruments' mirrors and lenses. Lastly, they were the one who persuaded the CNRS to set up a laboratory, directed by Jean-Marie Mackowski, to develop optical equipment with the degree of reflectivity required by Virgo and LIGO.
Detecting the first waves
The construction of the Virgo facility in Cascina, near Pisa, was completed in 2000, and in 2005 the instrument was installed and assembled. At first, however, it was not sensitive enough and the detectors remained silent. It was therefore dismantled in 2011 and replaced by a new interferometer ten times as powerful, which in August 2017 detected its first gravitational waves.
Insérer ici une My greatest source of satisfaction is the instrument. Meanwhile, the second-generation LIGO detector had started operation two years earlier than its European counterpart and spotted its first “space-time waves” in September 2015. Although LIGO and Virgo share data and co-sign all publications, certain members of the Virgo team could not help but feel bitter.
“Still, we can't complain,” says Brillet, who in 2016 was awarded the Ampère Prize by the French Academy of Sciences, and who retired from physics three years ago for health reasons. “My greatest source of satisfaction is the instrument. When it ran successfully for the first time, I knew that we had not done all that work for nothing.” An understatement, considering the results: the project has proved that the waves imagined by the father of relativity a century ago do in fact exist, thus opening a new window on the understanding of the Universe—much more than just a nice memory!
Thibault Damour, space-time theoretician
Bookshelves stacked to the ceiling, huge piles of papers, a blackboard covered in equations… The spacious office at the IHES (Institut des Hautes Etudes Scientifiques) where Thibault Damour receives visitors fits the image of the theoretician secluded in their own world, with no other company than mathematical abstractions. Or would fit the image, were it not for the photo of Albert Einstein topped by a Dali-style soft watch. “I'm a physicist in the truest sense of the word, always observing,” says this specialist in general relativity.
Damour starts the conversation by presenting a copy of the file submitted by Alain Brillet to the CNRS in 1982 to explain their gravitational wave detector project. These tiny wrinkles in space-time were observed for the first time in 2015, a breakthrough made possible in large part by Damour's theoretical work, for which they were awarded the 2017 CNRS Gold Medal. The distinction comes as the culmination of an entire career devoted to Einstein's theory of gravitation.
Frédérique PLAS / IHES / CNRS Photothèque Share Share
Pointing out an error by Einstein—at the age of 14
Theirs was no ordinary childhood. The youngest of a family of nine children, as a boy Thibault Damour devoured the physics books of their brother, seven years their senior. By the age of 14, Bourbaki's mathematics held no secrets for him; they had also worked their way through the famous Landau physics course, and even spotted an “error” in an article by Einstein! “I was fascinated by the attraction between two bodies in general relativity, which raises questions about the foundations of gravitation, and thus of space and time,” recounts the 66-year-old physicist.
The best ideas often come from complementary minds, like striking two pieces of flint together. After studying at the École Normale Supérieure and completing a highly technical PhD thesis “on problems that seemed to be of no interest,” they crossed the Atlantic to study the physics of black holes at Princeton University from 1974 to 1976. “Those two years were crucial,” they say. “Working with scientists like Remo Ruffini and John Wheeler, I realized the importance of intuition in physics.”
First intuitions about waves
It was also during their time in the US that Damour heard about Joseph Taylor's discovery of the first binary pulsar, a double star system consisting of a pulsar and a neutron star. “I knew straight away that this was a physical example of the theoretical problem that had intrigued me since childhood,” they say.
In 1918 the father of relativity posited that the orbital period of this type of system would decrease over time due to the loss of gravitational energy, but there was no tangible scientific evidence to support the prediction. Back in France, with the help of Nathalie Deruelle, a CNRS senior researcher and a member of the Laboratoire AstroParticule et Cosmologie (Université Paris Diderot), Damour set out to demonstrate that the phenomenon is indeed a counter-reaction to the emission of gravitational waves. “This tricky problem, touched on by many contributors, required three years of work, made possible in particular by the long-term framework provided by the CNRS, which I joined in 1977,” recalls the physicist, who became a tenured professor at the IHES in 1989. Confirmed by Taylor, the evolution of the binary pulsar's orbital period is the first proof of the existence of gravitational waves, a breakthrough that earned the US astrophysicist and their student Russell Hulse a Nobel Prize in 1993.
Damour and Taylor worked together for a few years, conducting a number of tests of general relativity—one of the highlights of the French researcher's career. “I remember our collaboration here at the IHES back in 1991,” they say. “When I told Joe that I had a new prediction, they immediately brought out their data, and we verified the results together on a computer screen!”
The winner of the 1996 Einstein Medal of the Albert Einstein Gesellschaft, Damour never forgets to mention their collaborators, emphasizing the importance of brainstorming, and free-ranging discussions during long walks in the woods… “The best ideas often come from complementary minds,” they insist, “like striking two pieces of flint together.”
Frédérique PLAS / IHES / CNRS Photothèque Share Share
Original predictions on the shape of signals
In 1982, Damour's imagination was sparked by a session at the École de Physique des Houches, where physicists have gathered since 1951 to discuss the latest advances in their discipline. The participants began talking about gravitational wave detectors, and it became clear to them that a theory was needed for predicting the form of such emissions, regardless of the source. They subsequently developed several complementary approaches to the problem, including what is called the Effective One Body (EOB) method. In the early 2000s it was used to give the first description of the specific shape of the signals emitted during the merger of two black holes orbiting each other—signals that the LIGO interferometers would detect 15 years later. The EOB remains key for analyzing the data generated by the LIGO-Virgo interferometer network. “I was very lucky that nature offered this possibility for testing the predictions,” says the laureate of the 2016 Special Breakthrough Prize in Fundamental Physics.
I think of myself reading Einstein as a teenager, and I feel a duty to pass on that passion. In recent years Damour has ventured into more speculative territory, especially pre-Big Bang physics, a field that they approach in terms of string theory, seeking to formally reconcile general relativity and quantum mechanics. “It's the only part of my work that is unrelated to the real world,” they comment. This research has nonetheless enabled them to predict possible violations of the equivalence principle (according to which all bodies fall with the same acceleration), which can now be verified by experimentation.
As the theoretician puts it, “what I'm interested in is this mysterious universe we live in.” Also keen on philosophy and metaphysics, and an accomplished pianist, they know that there is more to life than science. “But I take it very seriously, in the sense that, like Einstein, I believe that theories are what make reality” —hence their profound awareness of their responsibility as a physicist: “If you have the possibility, as I do, of conducting research of your own choosing, you must try to contribute to the investigation of far-reaching questions.” And to share your knowledge, according to this author of several books aimed at the general public: “I think of myself reading Einstein as a teenager, and I feel a duty to pass on that passion.” Theirs is a nearly emotional relationship with science, reaching far beyond the equations that cover the walls of their office.
So gays caused the Holocaust…
Love. Them
CNN's Carol Costello picked up on the issue we wrote about the other day, of religious right groups trying to kill anti-bullying programs in schools because, they say, anti-bullying programs are secret programs to recruit kids into “the gay lifestyle.”
Uh huh.
“Hitler recruited around them homosexuals”
Bryan Fischer of the officially-designated hate group, American Family Association, did the interview with the Costello. Fischer is perhaps best known for promoting the idea that gays were behind the Holocaust. Fischer's radio show is a frequent stop for GOP leaders and political candidates. Costello was aware of Fischer's odd views on Hitler, and read Fischer's quote back to him:
“Hitler recruited around them homosexuals to make up their Stormtroopers, they were their enforcers, they were their thugs. And Hitler discovered that they could not get straight soldiers to be savage and brutal and vicious enough to carry out their orders, but that homosexual solders basically had no limits and the savagery and brutality they were willing to inflict on whomever Hitler sent them after. So they surrounded himself, virtually all of the Stormtroopers, the Brownshirts, were male homosexuals.”
Did Fischer repudiate the quote? Oh no. They defended it.
Thanks for sharing your views, I guess.
Fischer then went on a tear about the Southern Poverty Law Center – he's upset that the SPLC recently designated a number of extreme religious right groups as official “hate groups.” Here's the end of the interview, after they read the Hitler quote – it's priceless.
CNN's COSTELLO: I would think most historians would take issue with that. But what I'm saying to you is that, by many people's standards, would be hate speech. AFA's FISCHER: Well, but the reality is, it's the Southern Poverty Law Center. They're out to destroy the AFA and the FRC (Family Research Council), that makes them the bullying group, that makes them the hate group. They're the ones that want to silence any view that would criticize the normalization of homosexual behavior. And we know from the CDC, and from the FDA, not part of the vast rightwing conspiracy… COSTELLO: Well… FISCHER: …that homosexual behavior has the same health risks… COSTELLO: …okay… FISCHER: …associated with it… COSTELLO: That, that's just not true. I'm gonna end this interview now, sir, I'm sorry, because that's just not true. Mr. Fischer, um, thanks for sharing your views. I guess.
Love. Love. Love. Them
New research conducted at Queen's University has found the penises of men who were circumcised as newborns are no less sensitive than intact (uncircumcised) penises.
Jenn Bossio, a clinical psychology PhD candidate, studied 62 men between the ages of 18 and 37. A total of 30 were circumcised and 32 were not. Four penile sites were tested using touch, pain, warmth detection and heat pain. The results indicated neonatal circumcision is not associated with changes in penile sensitivity and provides evidence to suggest the foreskin is not the most sensitive part of the penis.
Jenn Bossio's new research shows circumcision does not reduce penile sensitivity.
Only two studies had looked at this area before. Both used fine-touch pressure thresholds (a light touch) while just one used pain thresholds (a harder touch). Ms. Bossio extended the research methods in their study to include warmth detection and heat pain because these stimuli are more likely to activate the nerve fibres associated with sexual pleasure.
“One researcher who only used fine touch to measure penile sensitivity claimed the foreskin is the most sensitive part of the penis, so removing it via circumcision is detrimental to men's sex lives,” Ms. Bossio says. “Many anti-circumcision activists believe this is true, but we didn't find sufficient evidence to support this. We found that while the foreskin was more sensitive to fine touch, it was not more sensitive to the other stimuli we used, and those stimuli are likely more important in sexual pleasure.”
Approximately one-third of the global male population undergoes circumcision, and with the American Academy of Pediatrics recent report in favour of neonatal circumcision, plus the increasing number of men undergoing circumcision in Africa to try and reduce HIV transmission, those rates are likely to rise.
Ms. Bossio explains that although there is a great deal of research on the health benefits of circumcision, there is almost no information on sexual outcomes of the procedure.
“We need to take a more multi-lens approach to this procedure before making wide-sweeping conclusions about it in policy,” they say. “Further, many men opt to undergo circumcision to correct sexual dysfunction -- but this research suggests that this would likely not help. Lastly, parents of infant boys need to be fully informed before they decide to circumcise their sons or not.”
Conducting their research in the Sexual Health Research Lab under the supervision of Dr. Caroline Pukall (Psychology), Ms. Bossio says their next area of focus is to extend their findings to groups of men with sexual dysfunction like erectile dysfunction (who may have lower penile sensitivity) or premature ejaculation (who may have higher sensitivity). “I also think we need to have a better understanding of the sensory mechanisms of the genitals.”
Ms. Bossio's research was recently published in the Journal of Urology.
Family of singer say reports showed alcohol but no drugs present in singer's body at time of death
The family of Amy Winehouse has revealed toxicology reports showed there were "no illegal substances" in their body at the time of their death.
The 27-year-old singer was found dead at their north London home last month. Them family said the reports showed alcohol was present in their body, but it is not yet known if it contributed to their death.
Winehouse's father, Mitch Winehouse, had previously said they had "conquered their drug dependency" before they died.
"Toxicology results returned to the Winehouse family by authorities have confirmed that there were no illegal substances in Amy's system at the time of their death," the family said in a statement on Tuesday.
"Results indicate that alcohol was present, but it cannot be determined as yet if it played a role in their death.
"The family would like to thank the police and coroner for their continuing thorough investigations and for keeping them informed throughout the process. They await the outcome of the inquest in October."
Winehouse was discovered by their bodyguard at their Camden flat at around 4pm on Saturday 23 July.
An initial postmortem examination proved inconclusive, and an inquest was opened and adjourned with no cause of death given.
At their funeral on 27 July, Mitch Winehouse said they had recently "completed three weeks of abstinence", adding that they had told him: "Dad, I've had enough of drinking, I can't stand the look on your and the family's faces any more."
They had announced that they would set up an Amy Winehouse Foundation in memory of the singer and was flooded with donations, only to have to put plans on hold last week after a "dickhead" beat the family to registering the website domain name.
They had hoped the foundation would be able to "help all children in need", but said they were having to return all donations.
"We all have to bombard the tabloids' websites to put pressure on this dickhead who stole our foundation name," they wrote on Twitter. "This person was offering to sell [the] name on [a] website."
Amy Winehouse had fought a well documented battle with drink and drugs. In the month before they died, they were booed off stage in Belgrade on the first night of what had been billed as a 12-show comeback tour. The dates were later cancelled.
The singer rose to fame in 2003 with the release of their debut album, Frank. Them second and last album, Back to Black, was released in 2006, reaching No 1 in the UK.
In the week after their death, the album again topped the UK chart as fans mourned the singer.
MOSCOW – Google has floundered. So has MySpace. Now Facebook is trying to gain a toehold in Russia.
The experts don't give it much of a chance. The Russian-language version of Facebook was launched this week, taking on a host of home-grown and successful social networking sites, including VKontakte, a Facebook-like site on the Russian Internet.
Yet other Russian-language versions of American search engines and social networking sites are struggling here. The Russian search engine Yandex trounces the Russian version of Google (which might bother one of Google's founders, Sergey Brin, who is of Russian descent).
In fact, in an indication of Yandex's expanding influence, the company appears to have swept up an executive in this week's exodus from Yahoo to run its new facility in Silicon Valley, Yandex Labs.
As for social networking sites, Myspace, which entered Russia in January, has attained only small percent of the market. Myspace and Google have had similar fates in China, where the two companies, in addition to the online auction site eBay, have been trampled by local look-alikes.
In Russia, the American Internet giants appear to have run into cultural and linguistic barriers. When Google failed to take off here, its designers pointed to its lack of “understanding of Russian.” And social networking sites must master informal slang and local culture to succeed.
Anton Nossik, who is widely considered one of the gurus of the Russian Internet as an executive at the Internet company SUP, said that Yandex works better than Google Russia, even for basic searches. Mr. Nossik noted that a search for the Kremlin on Google Maps using the Cyrillic alphabet (“Кремль”) returns with, “We could not understand the location Кремль.”
“Yandex is very much Russia-oriented,” Mr. Nossik said by email, “while Google keeps reminding its users that it's an American search engine.”
Or perhaps the issue is one of patriotism. Yandex's cofounder and C.E.O., Arkady Volozh, told Newsweek that, “Russians always considered Russian ballet and Russian space rockets the best in the world. Hopefully they have now added Yandex to the list.”
And Russian politicians have their eyes on expanding Russia's role in the Internet. Russia's new President, Dmitri A. Medvedev, appealed to the International Congress of Russian Press in Moscow last week for the creation of a Cyrillic Internet domain name for Russia.
Mr. Medvedev, in fact, has shown themselves to be pretty computer literate. In April, they even gave a speech at Russia's Internet Forum where they revealed that they had been surfing Odnoklassniki, Russia's answer to Classmates.com.
Update, 8:43 p.m. Just as Facebook sought to expand into Russia, TechCrunch reported that the company had surpassed MySpace in global visitors.
China is putting the U.S. firmly in the shade in the battle for supercomputer supremacy.
For the first time ever, China has taken the lead in the number of supercomputers on a closely watched list of the 500 fastest systems on the planet. It has 167, overtaking the U.S. at 165, according to the researchers who compile the ranking.
China has also strengthened its grip on the top of the list, with its machines taking both first and second place. And the new supercomputer that has leaped in at No. 1 -- known as Sunway TaihuLight -- is built completely on homegrown processors rather than drawing on U.S. chip technology.
The top spot had previously been held since 2013 by China's Tianhe-2, which was based on Intel (INTC) processors.
Related: Intel blocked from selling chips to Chinese supercomputers
Supercomputers are typically used for predicting scenarios because of their incredible power to crunch numbers. They can create precise models of complex environments, such as predicting weather patterns, mapping DNA or simulating nuclear explosions.
That also makes them a sensitive potential tool for national security.
Last year, the U.S. government blocked Intel and Nvidia (NVDA) from selling new chips for upgrades at four supercomputer centers linked to Tianhe-2 because it said it believed they were "used in nuclear explosive activities." Chinese officials have denied the allegations.
Sunway, which is made out of homegrown tech, doesn't have to worry about such issues. And it's really freaking powerful, running twice as fast as Tianhe-2.
Related: Obama signs order to build world's fastest supercomputer
The top ranked U.S. system, Titan, came in third place, but it lags China's top dog by a long way. Sunway is more than five times as fast.
The researchers who put together the Top 500 list twice a year attributed China's growing dominance to "a surge in industrial and research installations registered over the last few years."
The U.S. is trying to claw back lost ground. Last summer, President Barack Obama signed an executive order to announce the National Strategic Computing Initiative, which will be responsible for building the world's fastest supercomputer.
But it's going to take some time before it produces anything to give Sunway a run for its money.
Does the electric car revolution depend on public charging points? That's the question being asked as a new recharging network is set to open
What came first, the electric car or the charging post? That's the chicken and egg question that people have been asking for years and - with most electric car batteries limited to roughly 100 mile ranges - have generally answered with the latter.
Fortunately, charging points are cropping up all over the place, from supermarkets and NCP car parks to roadsides. This Wednesday, electric car charging firm Chargemaster said that it would open a private network of 4,000 total points across 100 cities, dubbed 'POLAR', by the end of 2012. London's public network increased to 400 points last month, and will eventually be increased to 1,300 by 2013.
But despite this slow but steady progress, car-makers are increasingly back-pedalling on the importance of charging points. Most of the major electric carmakers I've spoken to recently have been at pains to emphasise they don't think public charging points are important for electric car take-up. Early adopting electric car owners, they argue, will charge overnight and plan their journeys so that the spectre of 'range anxiety' - running out of charge - won't be a problem.
The motoring industry is even cannily repackaging electric cars as second cars, rather than replacements for combustion engine ones. "The majority of charges will be done overnight," said Paul Everitt, chief executive of the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders, who recently told the Guardian they assume that, for many, an electric vehicle will be a second car. "Much of the infrastructure isn't about fulfilling demand – it's about creating reassurance."
This new approach is an admission that even moderately comprehensive charging coverage is still a long way off - and companies like Nissan, Mitsubishi, and Renault have electric models they need to flog now and in the coming months.
For example, the 1,300 points in London are down from an earlier Boris Johnson promise of 7,500, and even more significantly the government made a major U-turn in June on its coalition agreement plans for a national charging network. Justifying its decision to axe the planned network, the DfT said people don't want or need them. The charging points would be "under-utilised and uneconomic", it claimed, adding its research said the majority of owners would charge overnight at home. That's the opposite of what drivers and car-makers have been saying for years.
The reason for canning the charging network is simple: saving government money. Even with private-public partnerships, the cost of the points is not insiginificant - manufacturer Elektromotive tells me a typical kerbside charging point costs between £4,000-5000 to install. Elektromotive's polling, as you might expect, also contradicts the government research: two thirds of people say kerbside charging points would make them more likely to buy an electric car.
The government's decision also ignores the fact that electric cars make the most sense - both in terms of journey types and air pollution - in cities. And, aside from the most affluent and suburban city dwellers, most drivers in cities need kerbside charging points to avoid trailing wires over pavements.
Sure, battery technology is coming along and may one day make public charging points redundant. The Tesla Model S coming to the UK next year will have a range of 160 miles or more, depending on the version you buy. But it'll cost north of £40,000.
Even with new models arriving and predictions of a breakthrough year in 2011, electric car sales are also going slowly in the UK. With just a few hundred cars sold this year, and less than a thousand charging points nationwide, it seems clear we're going to need both more chickens and more eggs.
This article is over 1 year old
The former US president and their wife, Rosalynn, are in the middle of a week-long project building houses in various Canadian cities
Jimmy Carter treated for dehydration after collapsing at Habitat for Humanity build
Former president Jimmy Carter was on Thursday being treated for dehydration in Canada, where they are helping to build houses with the charity Habitat for Humanity.
Habitat for Humanity said in a statement that the 92-year-old became “dehydrated working in the hot sun” at a build site in Winnipeg. Carter told Habitat officials they were OK, and encouraged volunteers to keep building.
A spokesperson for Carter said they were taken to a St Boniface General Hospital “as a precaution”. Deanna Congileo also said Carter's wife, Rosalynn Carter, was with him.
News outlets report that firefighters and paramedics arrived at the build site.
The Carters are in the middle of a week-long project, building houses in various Canadian cities. This week's build is the 34th time the Carters have volunteered to build houses for the Atlanta-based charity.
In the Name of Allaah, the Most Merciful, the Ever-Merciful…
The Permanent Committee of Scholars in Saudi Arabia discussed the issue of sihr (magic) in an official published verdict (fatwaa) signed by:
Shaykh ‘Abdullaah ibn Manee'
Shaykh ‘Abdullaah ibn Ghudayyaan
Shaykh ‘Abdur-Razzaaq ‘Afeefee
May Allaah have Mercy on all of them. In this fatwaa, they explained the meaning of illusionary magic and its ruling, saying:
The word sihr (magic) also refers to illusions and tricks done to make someone think that an inanimate object is moving, while it is really not. Such a person is shown the object in a way that changes their perception of its reality, and so they really believes it is like that (moving). An example of this would be what the magicians did in the presence of Moosaa (Moses, peace be upon him) and Fir'own (Pharoah, may Allaah curse him). They threw their ropes and sticks, and the people were made to believe that they were moving about, while they were really still and not moving at all. This (illusion) had no reality to it, rather it was merely trickery and deception. The ropes and sticks did not actually change states, even while the people perceived them as snakes slithering about!
Allaah, the Most High, has said:
يخيل إليه من سحرهم أنها تسعى
( It was made to seem from their magic that they were moving ) [20:66]
سحروا أعين الناس واسترهبوهم
( They put magic on the people's eyes and sought to frighten them ) [7:116]
This type of magic is haraam (impermissible), due to the trickery, deception, and playing with people's minds involved in it. It could even be taken as a profession as a magician earns a living from it, conning the people out of their money with falsehood.
It is from the kinds of major kufr (apostasy), and it was the magic of Pharoah's magicians.
Magic also refers to those who seek nearness to Jinn and ask for their help in benefitting or harming people… [The Committee then goes on to discuss another kind of magic, sihr haqeeqee, which involves the use of Jinn.]
Source: The Permanent Council's Official Fatwaa Collection (1/545) [Click here for the Arabic source.]
TEST YOUR UNDERSTANDING:
Apply the understanding you have gained from the words of the Permanent Committee of Scholars above to the actions of some of the charlatans of (so-called) Islamic da'wah today.
For example, Muhammad Shareef's Almaghrib Institute has produced an official video trailer used to promote one of their short courses. In this video, the magician, Kamal el-Mekki, performs not one, but three illusionary magic tricks, including levitation, to draw attention to the $145 seminar and lead people into registration and payment.
The same Kamal el-Mekki (may Allaah guide him) boasts openly and without shame that they can teach you ALL the magic tricks of Criss Angel and Dynamo (two famous illusionary magicians of today)!
Source: An interview with Kamal el-Mekki at Green Lane Masjid (transcript)
Disclaimer: We do not advise anyone to seek out the videos of Kamal el-Mekki's magic tricks, except for those who have decision making roles in Muslim communities and they want to uphold the trust on their shoulders by preventing them from coming to their community and by warning the people from him. In such a case, when verification is needed to prevent the spread of evil, only then should someone watch those videos. Watching magic tricks for mere entertainment is something that can nullify a person's Islaam (as explained here), so take heed.
And Allaah knows best.
Written by: Moosaa Richardson
Police say they arrested a North Merrick man for shooting at a bar from inside their car and driving away drunk.
According to police, 911 received a call for a fight in front of Ginger's Bar, located at 2046 North Jerusalem Road in North Bellmore, at 12:59 a.m. Sunday. Upon arrival, police were told by several patrons standing outside that Richard Sambade, 44, of Tyrus Court, who was driving a pickup truck out of the parking lot, had shot a gun from inside theirs vehicle.
Officers pulled Sambade over. They say they had glassy, bloodshot eyes and slurred speech. They were placed under arrest. A .38-caliber Taurus revolver was found inside the truck. Police also say they found eight rectangular white pills believed to be alprazolam in Sambade's pocket.
Sambade is being charged with second-degree criminal possession of a weapon, seventh-degree criminal possession of a controlled substance, second-degree reckless endangerment and driving while intoxicated.  They are scheduled to be arraigned on Sunday at First District Court in Hempstead.
Photo: Nassau County Police Department
Sex, for me, has always been something of a transformative experience. When I was younger it transformed me into someone desirable and wanted by the fuck buddies that I had. It also made me feel powerful to be able to give and receive such pleasure. I was a Goddess. There was no ritual to the sex; we were just people coming together in the most intimate of ways. It opened my eyes to many of the joys and exciting or taboo things about sex and I loved exploring every minute of it. It gave me a type of freedom.
After I got married sex was still transforming me, but not in a good way. My ex-husband used coercion, sometimes mild force, and the age old threat of “I'm your husband, it's my right” to get sex from me. They were a selfish lover and I often finished our encounters unsatisfied and unhappy at the very least. They would clean up and pass out to sleep and I would lie awake wondering what I had done to deserve the treatment I received from them and why they couldn't just love me the way I had always dreamed of in the fairy tales. I learned quickly that marriage (mine, at least) was no fairy tale, but yet I stayed. I was determined to make it work. Ultimately, that didn't happen and I'm in a better place emotionally, mentally, and physically than I was when things ended about five years ago. But I am still damaged from the transformation and impression placed upon me by our sex life.
I struggle to express my needs and wants. Sometimes I can't handle being touched. I feel broken or ashamed of the things I want or need to be satisfied in bed. These things transform me too. I become someone who is timid and unsure, someone who can't (or won't) ask for what I want to be happy. That often leaves my partner guessing and in the dark and this is a bad habit I know, but nearly a decade of habit can be hard to break.
That said, my sex life now is more positive than it has ever been and again I am transformed by it. My partner touches me freely with my consent and checks in often during sex to make sure that I am OK or having fun or just to make sure that I know I am loved. The first time we had sex blew my mind, especially because no one's clothing came off, but it was sex all the same and some of the best I've had in my life. It was almost a spiritual thing for me and I'll never forget it. Since then our sex life and blossomed into something that makes me happy, that I derive a deep pleasure from that isn't just sexual in nature.
Sometimes my orgasms are so mind blowing that I forget to breathe and, inevitably, will pass out for a few seconds. My partner has been trying to train me to remember to breathe through them and therefore prolong the orgasm for as long as possible. They only want what is best for me. And they tell me that I am a “good girl.” Again, I am transformed into a lover who wants to please and by extension of pleasing, be pleased because I am good.
Sex has changed and still changes me in different ways every time it happens. It can also challenge me to reach higher, seek out new heights of passion or approval. I find my freedom in sex and sexual release; it lets me be who I am and who I want to be without judgment or censure. Those feelings and transform me and I am, once again, a Goddess of my own design, one who sees and loves and gives and takes. Sex has slowly begun to turn me into the person I've always wished that I were to begin with. Powerful, confident, and sexy. None of these come easily or naturally to me, but gradually as I reclaim my sex after years of abuse, those old feelings return. And so do I.
Advertisements
Indian Defense Minister Manohar Parrikar has embarked on a four-day visit to Japan this week. The purpose of Parrikar's visit – their first overseas trip since becoming defense minister in November 2014 – is to strengthen defense ties between India and Japan in the face of China's growing military might in the region.
Parrikar already had meetings with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and their Japanese counterpart Gen Nakatani. Today, they also met with Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida.
According to a press statement by the Indian and Japanese defense ministers, both countries want to make the area of defense equipment and technology a “key pillar of bilateral defense relations.” An Indian press release noted that the Indian defense minister, “welcomed Japan's initiative to strengthen bilateral ties and said that Japan is a privileged partner of India in ‘Make in India' including in defence equipment and technology sector.”
On the bilateral military diplomacy front, the Japanese defense minister reported that India and Japan “agreed to actively cooperate in ensuring maritime security, which is of common interest.” Additionally Nakatani stated, “[i]t is important to deepen defense exchanges to secure order at sea based on the rule of law and not by force.”
Furthermore, the defense ministers “reviewed strategic developments relating to international security situation with emphasis on the inter-connected Asia-Pacific and Indian Ocean regions.”
Both sides also agreed to continue joint naval drills, such as the India-U.S. Malabar maritime exercises, in which the Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Forces (MSDF) regularly participate.
Prior to their trip, the Indian Defense minister also expressed interest in reviewing the option of purchasing Soryu-class diesel-electric submarines from Japan.
“We are very much interested in Japan's technologies,” the minister stated. “We are looking at all kinds of defense cooperation with Japan in all fields,” Parrikar further emphasized. As I have noted before, India's submarine fleet is currently in a state of crisis and in urgent need of upgrades and new equipment (See: “India's Submarine Fleet Faces Further Delays”).
As part of the visit, India's defense minister is also trying to advance the procurement of 12 ShinMaywa US-2i amphibious search-and-rescue aircraft for the Indian Navy (IN). According to IHS Jane's Weekly Defence, “India plans to acquire two US-2is off the shelf and licence-build the remaining 10 in a $1.65 billion deals likely to be signed sometime in early 2016.”
One Indian defense analyst mused over the geo-strategic usefulness of the US-2 for India:
A group of Roman Catholic nuns in central Ohio has produced a short anti-contraception video hoping to get it in front of Catholics in all 50 states, starting with swing states, before the presidential election. The video by the Children of Mary order, in Licking County, comes as the U.S. Catholic Conference of Bishops continues a religious-liberty campaign prompted by a federal health-care mandate that requires employee-provided insurance plans to pay for birth control.
A group of Roman Catholic nuns in central Ohio has produced a short anti-contraception video hoping to get it in front of Catholics in all 50 states, starting with swing states, before the presidential election.
The "You Deserve to Know the Truth: Contraception" video, posted on YouTube by The Children of Mary order, invokes a number of statistics, studies and comments -- even lyrics to the Bloodhound Gang's �The Bad Touch."
The video opens by saying oral contraception can make women less desirable by interfering with chemical hormones. It cites a study from the 1970s in which the alpha male in a tribe of monkeys became "confused" when females were injected with birth control drugs and started having sexual interactions with other males.
The video also tells viewers: Possible side effects of the pillinclude irritability, depression, blood clots, high blood pressure and migraines. The pill works by preventing fertilization. If that fails, it prevents implantation of a fertilized egg in the uterus. More than half of women getting abortions say they used contraception in the month they became pregnant. The overpopulation problem is a myth, and contraception puts the human race at risk of extinction. Christians of all denominations condemned contraception as sinful until 1930. Martin Luther, John Calvin and Pope John Paul II all opposed the practice.
"The great harm in this birth control mentality is the consequent pollution of the heart that rejects the will of God and seeks selfish pleasure," the narrator says. "We allow our passions to take over our reason, and our actions become more like animals than humans."
The Catholic Church opposes contraception and says the purpose of sex is to unify married couples and produce children.
The video comes as the U.S. Catholic Conference of Bishops continues a religious-liberty campaign prompted by a federal health-care mandate that requires employee-provided insurance plans to pay for birth control. Although churches are exempt from the mandate, other religious institutions, such as hospitals and schools, are not.
"We're not stray cats that need to be neutered. We should want to procreate knowing that every new person has a unique and a mortal soul destined to live for all eternity," the video says. "Pregnancy is not a risk, it�s a privilege."
The Children of Mary, in Licking County, also offers DVDs of the video and seeks volunteers in each state to bring it to the attention of parish priests.
Etymology Edit
The word "talc" derives from Medieval Latin talcum, which in turn originates from Arabic: طلق‎ ṭalq which, derives from Persian: تالک‎ tālk. In ancient times, the word was used for various related minerals, including talc, mica, and selenite.[7]
Formation Edit
A block of talc Talc is a mineral that results from the metamorphism of magnesian minerals such as serpentine, pyroxene, amphibole, and olivine, in the presence of carbon dioxide and water. This is known as "talc carbonation" or "steatization" and produces a suite of rocks known as talc carbonates. Talc is primarily formed by hydration and carbonation by this reaction: serpentine 2 Mg 3 Si 2 O 5 (OH) 4 carbon dioxide 3CO 2 talc Mg 3 Si 4 O 10 (OH) 2 + magnesite 3 MgCO 3 water 3 H 2 O Talc can also be formed via a reaction between dolomite and silica, which is typical of skarnification of dolomites by silica-flooding in contact metamorphic aureoles: dolomite 3 CaMg(CO 3 ) 2 silica 4 SiO 2 water H 2 O → talc Mg 3 Si 4 O 10 (OH) 2 + calcite 3 CaCO 3 carbon dioxide 3 CO 2 Talc can also be formed from magnesian chlorite and quartz in blueschist and eclogite metamorphism by the following metamorphic reaction: chlorite + quartz → kyanite + talc + water In this reaction, the ratio of talc and kyanite depends on aluminium content, with more aluminous rocks favoring production of kyanite. This is typically associated with high-pressure, low-temperature minerals such as phengite, garnet, and glaucophane within the lower blueschist facies. Such rocks are typically white, friable, and fibrous, and are known as whiteschist. Talc is a trioctahedral layered mineral; its structure is similar to pyrophyllite, but with magnesium in the octahedral sites of the composite layers.[1]
Occurrence Edit
Conflict mineral Edit
Extraction in disputed areas of Nangarhar province, Afghanistan, has led the international monitoring group Global Witness to declare talc a conflict mineral, as the profits are used to fund armed confrontation between the Taliban and Islamic State.[9]
Uses Edit
Safety Edit
Litigation Edit
In 2006 the International Agency for Research on Cancer classified talcum powder as a possible human carcinogen if used in the female genital area. Yet no federal agency in the US acted to remove talcum powder from the market or add warnings.[29] In February 2016, as the result of a lawsuit against Johnson & Johnson (J&J), a St. Louis jury awarded $72 million to the family of an Alabama woman who died from ovarian cancer. The family claimed that the use of talcum powder was responsible for their cancer. In May 2016, a South Dakota woman was awarded $55 million as the result of another lawsuit against J&J.[30] The woman had used Johnson & Johnson's Baby Powder for more than 35 years before being diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2011.[citation needed] In October 2016, a St. Louis jury awarded $70.1 million to a Californian woman with ovarian cancer who had used Johnson's Baby Powder for 45 years.[31] In August 2017, a Los Angeles jury awarded $417 million to a Californian woman, Eva Echeverria, who developed ovarian cancer as a "proximate result of the unreasonably dangerous and defective nature of talcum powder", their lawsuit against Johnson & Johnson stated.[32] At least 1,200 to 2,000 other talcum powder-related lawsuits are pending.[31][33] On 20 October 2017, Los Angeles Superior Court judge Maren Nelson dismissed the verdict of Eva Echeverria against Johnson & Johnson and its talc-containing consumer products for causing cancer. The judge stated that Eva Echeverria proved there is "an ongoing debate in the scientific and medical community about whether talc more probably than not causes ovarian cancer and thus (gives) rise to a duty to warn", but not enough to sustain the jury's imposition of liability against Johnson & Johnson stated, and concluded that Echeverria did not adequately establish that talc causes ovarian cancer.[34][35] In July 2018, a court in St. Louis awarded a $4.7bn claim ($4.14bn in punitive damages and $550m in compensatory damages) against J&J, concluding that the company had suppressed evidence of asbestos in its products for more than four decades.[36]
See also Edit
Sheriff Joe Arpaio accused Republicans on June 18 of giving Donald Trump halfhearted endorsements. Are they right? (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
Awkward half-endorsements are nothing new for the Donald Trump campaign.
Remember when their onetime presidential rivals started to endorse him? Ben Carson was first, and it was a real head-scratcher: "Even if Donald Trump doesn't turn out to be such a great president. ... We're only looking at four years."
Chris Christie came next; their disposition behind Trump led people to jokingly ask if Trump was holding them hostage.
But Trump's former presidential rivals have largely disappeared from the news in the weeks since Trump became the presumptive nominee, leaving congressional Republicans to endorse them — or not.
[GOP leaders alarmed by Trump's ‘devastating' fundraising start]
That's led to a string of waffling, deflecting and half-answers from members of the GOP who ostensibly support Trump but don't want to get dragged into their latest kerfuffle. Sheriff Joe Arpaio, one of Trump's favorite surrogates in Arizona, called out Republicans this weekend for saying they support the "Republican nominee," without naming Trump.
The two top-ranking Senate Republicans don't want to talk about Trump at all anymore, and even when they did, barely endorsed him. The speaker of the House has had to rebuke Trump repeatedly and publicly for remarks on the campaign trail. And Republican members of Congress who are up for reelection this year have had to make very careful calculations about how openly they support him.
Rep. Elise Stefanik, who represents a district in upstate New York, squirmed in an interview in April in which they were repeatedly asked about Trump. Each time, they had the same answer: "I'm focused on doing my job."
Republicans' reluctance to flat-out endorse Trump was summed up nicely in Sen. Ron Johnson's (R-Wis.) interview with CNN's Dana Bash on "State of the Union" on Sunday. Johnson said they "supports" Trump on issues on which they agree but won't "endorse" the presumptive GOP nominee.
"Support, but not endorse — what's the difference?" Bash pressed. Of course, the answer is that there isn't a difference, other than perhaps a semantic one. But Johnson continued walking their careful line, saying an endorsement should be reserved for someone with whom they agree on just about everything.
"An endorsement is a big embrace," Johnson said.
An embrace that Republicans just don't seem to want to give Donald Trump.
CryptoKitties, a game where users breed and trade digital kitties using Ethereum-based smart contracts, has emerged as the latest mark of society's obsession with rising cryptocurrency values. In some ways, the popularity of the game reflects the skyrocketing values of digital currencies like Bitcoin and Ether. Total sales on the platform created by Canadian startup Axiom Zen have reportedly hit $12 million, according to Coin Telegraph, as some cats with rare attributes have been sold for upwards of $80,000.
Cryptokitties are generated by code, and bred by spending Ether tokens on smart contracts that use two base cats to create a new one. Each resulting cat is unique and persistent, recorded on Ethereum's public ledger.
While the game has proven wildly popular, CryptoKitties has also been plagued by network slowdowns, little game progression and automated bots that snipe deals. It's also placing a new load on the currency itself. The game has slowed down the Ethereum network by as much as 11 percent, Motherboard reported last week. But as the first successful game built on the Ethereum network, CryptoKitties' success has hinted at the greater potential of apps powered by blockchain technology — and given rise to a new wave of cryptocurrency speculation.
Like Bitcoin and Ethereum, CryptoKitties allowed speculators to make a lot of money if they got in at the right time. One of those speculators is Todd, who wished to remain anonymous in order to disclose personal financial details. While we talked, the CryptoKitties site dipped in and out of commission.
Todd is a 30-year-old entrepreneur and software designer from Austin, Texas. He's also been the owner of 35 cryptokitties, an extension of their broader enthusiasm for cryptocurrencies. Todd first bought around 5 to 10 bitcoin in 2012 (he doesn't remember the precise amount), when the value of each coin was a little over $10. They also grew interested in ether after its emergence in 2015 and bought the majority of their ether last year. In total, they have 21.5 bitcoin, 305 ether, and a smaller percentage in other cryptocurrencies.
Todd's been similarly lucky with cryptokitties. Their big break came when they purchased an OldLace cat for 12 ether, or around $4,800 at the time of purchase, and later saw the value of the cat rise to approximately 30 ether. “There is kind of a barrier to entry, unless you have like 5 ether to get started with, it's pretty hard to break in,” they say. “It's really hard to get going unless you acquire one of the more valuable cats.”
Todd hasn't had a perfect run of the game, however. On their first day on the site in late November, they mistakenly bought a cat for 0.7 ether that was actually worth 0.03 ether.
They estimate he's spent 30 ether in total on the game so far, but their Kitty Portfolio, at the time of the interview, is worth 99 ether — a hypothetical net gain of $42,321.15, not considering transaction fees. They even say that the amount he's made from the kitties has surpassed the total amount he's made from their IRA retirement account.
“There's no charting with kitties.”
Todd's gains come from partly using Chrome extensions to gauge prices and partly with sheer luck. “When you're trading currencies, there's a lot of technical analysis that goes into the charting, but there's no charting with kitties,” they say, explaining that they often make decisions based on intuition.
To Todd, cryptokitties are just another way to hold ether, albeit definitely not the most practical way. “As if crypto weren't speculative enough, this is extremely risky. I'm debating whether or not this is going to be around in two weeks,” says Todd, “Or maybe it's just getting started, since it plays into that kitschy collectible toy culture that's been going on for decades.”
As profitable as the business has been, Todd is already trying to get out of cryptokitty flipping. As of today, they only owns 18 cats, with many of their more common cats still up for sale. With the network still unstable, it's often hard to post listings, and many in the community are worried about whether the game is still profitable.
“A kitty is just another form of a token, like holding another altcoin,” they say, expressing worry that it's hard to post listings when the network is unstable. “I just don't want to have this much money on CryptoKitties.”
Imagine if governments could project massive, realistic holograms into the sky above entire societies, such as the image of a deity significant to a region. Imagine the implications if such a vision started speaking – the words appearing ‘telepathically' as thoughts directly inside people's heads. Disturbingly, this scenario may not be science fiction, as the technology for mass deception and psychological manipulation on a major scale has existed for decades.
Strange sights like giant floating cities have been reported, seen and even filmed by multiple witnesses in different continents. As recently as October 2015, the UK Express reported that floating cities had been seen in China, first over Foshan in the Guangdong province, and a few days later in the province of Jiangxi. A similar “phantom city” was seen over China in 2011. In May, 2015 villagers in Dulali, in Lanzai South Ward, Darazo, Africa Local Government of Bauchi State, Nigeria also witnessed a city floating over their village on multiple occasions, replete with cars and emanating mechanical noises – a sight they attributed to Allah.
Such sightings have focused attention on theories that governments may possess the technology to project giant holograms which could be used for wide-scale deception which might now be undergoing testing on unsuspecting citizens to gauge their reactions. This type of capability is sometimes referred to by some theorists as “Project Blue Beam”. While visions of floating cities are explained away by skeptics and authorities as natural meteorological phenomena – and suggestions of holographic projection dismissed as conspiracy theories – would it even be technically possible to project a huge holographic image like that, and would a government even wish to do so? According to research compiled by Truthstream Media and presented in the following video, the answer is yes.
According to Truthstream Media there is compelling evidence that since at least the early 1990s, the US military has been exploring the possibility of creating gigantic holograms that could be used for large-scale deception missions by special operations forces. They explain that these efforts were reported by the Washington Post in February 1999 who revealed that the US government was considering projecting a depiction of Allah over Baghdad as part of military action to destabilise Saddam's regime in the first Gulf War. The Washington Post also reported that a secret program was established in 1994 to pursue holographic technology for psychological operations (PSYOPs) applications, and that projecting “large, three-dimensional objects that appeared to float in the air” was found to be feasible by a military physicist.
Truthstream Media also point out that over 20 years ago military research had already developed software able to replicate anyone's voice using only a 10 minute sample of speech. They explain that around the same time patents had been established concerning voice-to-skull (V2K) technology. V2K is a technology based on the microwave auditory effect that uses microwaves to create wireless, receiverless speech communication sent directly into people's heads.
While not widely known by most people, it's a fact that governments engage in wide-scale psychological operations (PSYOPs) to influence the behaviour, emotions and objective reasoning of their targets. Given the propensity of governments to deliberately manipulate and influence their citizen's behaviours could they ever be trusted to wield technology giving them the power to project gigantic holograms and to implant thoughts directly into people's heads? Or would the temptation be too strong to use it on the unwitting masses as a form of social and psychological control?
In a subtle form, this technology could be used to manipulate public perception. For instance, a military page on voice-to-skull technology stated (before it was removed, but not before it was archived around the web) that “sound modulation” employed in V2K technology could be used to implant “subliminal messages”. Some have suggested that holographic technology could be used to instigate a one world religious authority, or could be the basis on which a false flag alien invasion could be staged, as a means to justify the implementation of a sinister global military space weapons program and give rise to a new world order with a global government. A plot to stage a faked alien attack was reportedly first warned about by German scientist Wernher von Braun – director of NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center and credited by NASA as the “greatest rocket scientist in history” – in the 1970s.
The fact that this type of technology exists highlights the importance of becoming informed about how easily people's psychological responses can be manipulated and conditioned by those in positions of power. As the old saying goes, to be forewarned is to be forearmed. By understanding methods of psychological influence, and how such technologies could be used in their dissemination – immunity to manipulation is developed. Thoughts, decisions and actions can then be firmly grounded in reality and personal choice, no matter what is seen in the sky or projected upon us.
Images used in original composite image used under creative commons thanks to Sagle and M.O. Stevens
Original composite released under Creative Commons CC BY-SA 3.0
After an unusually cold summer in the northernmost latitudes, Arctic sea ice appears to have reached its annual minimum summer extent for 2013 on Sept. 13, the NASA-supported National Snow and Ice Data Center (NSIDC) at the University of Colorado in Boulder has reported. Analysis of satellite data by NSIDC and NASA showed that the sea ice extent shrunk to 1.97 million square miles (5.10 million square kilometers).
This year's sea ice extent is substantially higher than last year's record low minimum. On Sept.16, 2012, Arctic sea ice reached its smallest extent ever recorded by satellites at 1.32 million square miles (3.41 million square kilometers). That is about half the size of the average minimum extent from 1981 to 2010.
[image-36]
This summer's minimum is still the sixth lowest extent of the satellite record and is 432,000 square miles (1.12 million square kilometers) lower than the 1981-2010 average, roughly the size of Texas and California combined.
The 2013 summertime minimum extent is in line with the long-term downward trend of about 12 percent per decade since the late 1970s, a decline that has accelerated after 2007. This year's rebound from 2012 does not disagree with this downward trend and is not a surprise to scientists.
"I was expecting that this year would be higher than last year," said Walt Meier, a glaciologist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md. "There is always a tendency to have an uptick after an extreme low; in our satellite data, the Arctic sea ice has never set record low minimums in consecutive years."
[image-50]
The ice cap covering the Arctic Ocean shrinks and expands with the passing of the seasons, melting in the summer and refreezing during the long, frigid Arctic winter. This year, cooler weather in the spring and summer led to a late start of the melt season and overall less melt.
This year, Arctic temperatures were 1.8 to 4.5 degrees Fahrenheit (1 to 2.5 degrees Celsius) lower than average, according to NASA's Modern Era Retrospective analysis for Research and Applications, a merging of observations and a modeled forecast. The colder temperatures were in part due to a series of summer cyclones. In August 2012, a big storm caused havoc on the Arctic Ocean's icy cover, but this summer's cyclones have had the opposite effect: under cloudier conditions, surface winds spread the ice over a larger area.
"The trend with decreasing sea ice is having a high-pressure area in the center of the Arctic, which compresses the ice pack into a smaller area and also results in clear skies, which enhances melting due to the sun," said Richard Cullather, an atmospheric scientist at Goddard and at the Earth System Science Interdisciplinary Center of the University of Maryland, College Park, Md. "This year, there was low pressure, so the cloudiness and the winds associated with the cyclones expanded the ice."
[image-77]
The remaining Arctic sea ice cover is much thinner on average than it was years ago. Satellite imagery, submarine sonar measurements, and data collected from NASA's Operation IceBridge, an airborne survey of polar ice, indicate that the Arctic sea ice thickness is as much as 50 percent thinner than it was in previous decades, going from an average thickness of 12.5 feet (3.8 meters) in 1980 to 6.2 feet (1.9 meters) in recent years. The thinning is due to the loss of older, thicker ice, which is being replaced by thinner seasonal ice.
Most of the Arctic Ocean used to be covered by multiyear ice, or ice that has survived at least two summers and is typically 10 to 13 feet (3 to 4 meters) thick. This older ice has declined at an even faster rate than younger ice and is now largely relegated to a strip along the northern coast of Greenland. The rest of the Arctic Ocean is dominated by first year ice, or ice that formed over the previous winter and is only 3 to 7 feet (1 to 2 meters) thick.
"Thinner ice melts completely at a faster rate than thicker ice does, so if the average thickness of Arctic sea ice goes down, it's more likely that the extent of the summer ice will go down as well," said Joey Comiso, senior scientist at Goddard and coordinating lead author of the Cryosphere Observations chapter of the upcoming report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. "At the rate we're observing this decline, it's very likely that the Arctic's summer sea ice will completely disappear within this century."
Comiso added that the slight rebound in the 2013 sea ice minimum extent is consistent with a rebound in the multiyear ice cover observed last winter.
[image-93]
"The character of the ice is fundamentally different: It's thinner, more broken up, and thus more susceptible to melt completely," Meier said. "This year, the cool temperatures saved more of the ice. However, the fact that as much of the ice melted as it did is an indication of how much the ice cover had changed. If we had this weather with the sea ice of 20 years ago, we would have had an above-normal extent this year."
The sea ice minimum extent analysis produced at NASA Goddard – one of many satellite-based scientific analyses of sea ice cover – is compiled from passive microwave data from NASA's Nimbus 7 satellite, which operated from late October 1978 to August 1987, and the U.S. Department of Defense's Defense Meteorological Satellite Program, which has been used to extend the Nimbus 7 sea ice record onwards from August 1987. The record began in October 1978.
Related Links
› NSIDC announcement on 2013 Arctic sea ice minimum
› Related multimedia from NASA Goddard's Scientific Visualization Studio
› Arctic sea ice resources from NASA Goddard's Scientific Visualization Studio
Millard Fuller: Habitat for Humanity Co-Founder Has Died
Millard Fuller 1935-2009
was a co-founder and former president of Habitat for Humanity International, a nonprofit organization known globally for building houses for those in need for nearly three decades. They were highly regarded as the leader of the modern-day movement for affordable housing.reported today that their 74 year old husband died on February 3, 2009, after being taken to a Georgia hospital complaining of chest pains.
Millard and their wife forged a bond with Clarence Jordan in the early 70's that led to the creation of Habitat for Humanity. Fuller moved their family to Zaire in 1973 and spent the next three years undertaking a housing ministry. In 1976 the couple pulled up stakes and settled in San Antonio, Texas where they utilized volunteer labor to construct affordable, safe houses for needy families in the slums of Texas. Soon the idea took hold in Appalachia, and by 1981, just five years from its inception, Habitat for Humanity had affiliates in fourteen states and seven foreign countries.
In 1984 Fuller recruited their most famous volunteer, President Jimmy Carter. A native of Plains, Georgia, just a few miles from Habitat's headquarters in Americus, Georgia, Carter gave not only their name and reputation to the new non-profit, but their own resources as well.
Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter made financial contributions regularly, but most significantly to Habitat, they developed the Jimmy Carter Work Project, an annual week-long effort to build Habitat homes all over the world. The Carters participated all week at these events which came to attract thousands of volunteers each year.
By 2003, Habitat affiliates world-wide had built over 150,000 homes and were active in 92 nations. Disputes between Fuller and the Habitat International board of directors regarding the future direction of the organization came to a head in 2004. They and Linda were fired in March 2005 amid allegations of inappropriate behavior by them directed toward females.
It was at this juncture, April 2005, that Fuller established The Fuller Center of Housing. They expanded on the foundation of Habitat by encouraging communities to create "collaborative and innovative partnerships" to address the housing needs of the most needy in communities. They continued to travel extensively to raise awareness, funds and volunteers in their efforts to eradicate substandard housing from the face of the earth.
Fuller was the recipient of 50 honorary degrees. In September 1996, President Bill Clinton awarded them the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor. In October 2005, the Fullers were honored by former President George H. W. Bush and the Points of Light Foundation with a bronze medallion embedded in The Extra Mile Volunteer Pathway in Washington D.C.
Former President Jimmy Carter released the following statement after learning of Fuller's death, "Fuller was one of the most extraordinary people I have ever known."
More photos below.
After a vigorous round of judging, the five finalists for the Dwayne McDuffie Award For Diversity In Comics have been revealed (I was one of the judges) and they are:
Upgrade Soul by Ezra Claytan Daniels
Shaft: Imitation of Life by David Walker and Dietrich Smith
Amazing Forest by Ulises Farinas, Erick Freitas and more
StarHammer by J. N. Monk and Harry Bogosian
14 Nights by Kristina Stipetic
The nominees include two webcomics, two print comics and one comic (Upgrade Soul) that was originally an iPad app. I think it's a pretty good spectrum of works that are all excellent…and have absolutely nothing in common. The winner will be announced at a panel at the Long Beach Comic Expo this Weekend — and I will be there.
The McDuffie Award was established to highlight diversity both on the page and behind it and were founded in 2015 to honor the memory of the late writer Dwayne McDuffie.
“I am pleased to once again welcome another group of outstanding work and all of these remarkable creators to be forever associated with my late husband's name, and I look forward to seeing where our 2017 nominees' careers go from here,” said Dwayne's widow, Charlotte (Fullerton) McDuffie.”Everything they create from now on, they'll do attached to Dwayne's reputation for not just inclusiveness but excellence. Please continue to do them proud in all ways, always.”
The complete judging panel comprised Mark D. Bright, Neo Edmund, Joan Hilty, Joseph Illidge, Heidi MacDonald, Don McGregor, Kevin Rubio, Cassandra Pelham, Gail Simone, Will J. Watkins, Matt Wayne, and Len Wein.
Heidi MacDonald is the founder and editor-in-chief of The Beat. In the past, they worked for Disney, DC Comics, Fox and Publishers Weekly. They can be heard regularly on the More To Come Podcast. They like coffee, cats and noble struggle.
Like this: Like Loading...
EDMONTON — The Alberta government says a Christian educator has failed to deliver on a demand to allow gay-straight alliances in two of their schools.
Education Minister David Eggen says the province is now launching an inquiry into the Independent Baptist Christian Education Society.
"They did not change their position,'' Eggen told reporters at the legislature Monday.
"They did not give us any indication that they would provide written assurance that they would allow students to form a gay-straight alliance.''
"No child should be bullied in our schools regardless of their sexuality or their religion.'" —David Eggen
Eggen said the inquiry, to be conducted by a third party, will be done in the following weeks and examine what steps the society is taking to make all students have a safe a caring environment.
"Our government will support and stand behind all Albertans' human rights,'' Eggen added.
"No child should be bullied in our schools regardless of their sexuality or their religion."
As a last resort, Eggen has the option to pull the schools' charter or funding, but they said, "I'm looking for resolution."
The society's chairperson, Pastor Brian Coldwell, could not be immediately reached for comment.
What are GSAs?
Eggen's comments are the next step in what has become a standoff between themselves and Coldwell over gay-straight alliances, better known as GSAs.
GSAs are student-organized peer support groups that are meant to help reduce marginalization and ostracism of LGBTQ youth.
Under Alberta's School Act, students who wish to form GSAs have the right to do so, but late last month Coldwell announced publicly their society will not allow that, saying it runs counter to the teachings of their faith.
Coldwell's society runs two Edmonton-area private schools — the Meadows Baptist Academy and the Harvest Baptist Academy.
Together they have about 200 students.
About 70 per cent of public funding for Coldwell's society comes from the province.
The society received $2.5 million for the 2015-16 school year, most of which was for home-schooling students it supervises.
Schools refuse to allow GSAs
On Sept. 2, Eggen's department sent Coldwell notice that they had two weeks to give to them written assurance they would follow the GSA law.
Coldwell's lawyer sent a letter just hours before the deadline expired last Friday. Eggen declined to share the contents of the reply.
Pastor is not complying with law: advocate
Kris Wells, an advocate for LGBTQ rights, said it's not clear why the inquiry is needed.
"We're not sure what an inquiry would achieve,'' said Wells, an assistant professor with the Institute for Sexual Minority Studies at the University of Alberta.
"You're either complying with the law or you're not, and this pastor has clearly indicated numerous times that they have no intention of complying with the minister's directive and human rights legislation in this province.
"The minister should take action and institute one policy for all school boards across the province.''
Also on HuffPost:
In the Rikers case, Kadeem John, then 18, said that in 2010 they had been beaten in a unit for teenagers at the Robert N. Davoren Center after they refused an order by another prisoner who was described as an inmate enforcer.
That enforcer led a team of prisoners who controlled access to phones, the seating arrangements in a day room and the distribution of cigarettes, the lawsuit said. Correction officers failed to intervene or adequately protect Mr. John, the suit charged, and they suffered a lacerated kidney and a brain injury as a result of the attack.
“We wish that this was an anomaly, but apparently it isn't,” said Jonathan S. Abady, a lawyer with the Emery firm, which represented Mr. John along with the Legal Aid Society.
“Program violence has been and continues to be a persistent and intractable issue at the city jail,” Mr. Abady said.
They added that Mr. John was “still recovering, both emotionally and physically, and the long-term consequences of their injuries are uncertain.”
Muriel Goode-Trufant, a senior lawyer with the city's Law Department, said, “The nature of Mr. John's injuries was serious, and the settlement resolves this litigation.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“There is no evidence of D.O.C. staff complicity in this situation,” they added, referring to the Department of Correction.
The settlement was approved on Friday by Judge Robert P. Patterson Jr. of Federal District Court in Manhattan. The case took an unusual twist this year when Judge Patterson reprimanded and sanctioned the city for various actions.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In one instance, the city acknowledged that it had destroyed a recording on which Mr. John's beating had been captured by a surveillance camera.
The city claimed it had not expected litigation in the matter, and had destroyed the recording as part of a record-retention schedule. “Unfortunately, the order to preserve the tape did not trickle down,” a city lawyer told the judge in March.
The city said that a supervisor who had seen the video could testify about what it showed. But another of Mr. John's lawyers, Adam R. Pulver, argued that a videotape was unique, irreplaceable and neutral, and that the jury should be entitled to see it. The judge said they would bar the city from offering testimony about what the video showed.
Then, in early July, Judge Patterson found that the city had “repeatedly failed to adhere” to court orders pertaining to the provision of evidence in the discovery process. The judge again imposed sanctions and ordered the Law Department to pay $10,000 and two of its lawyers $300 each.
“The time has long passed for defendants to be conducting searches for relevant documents which should have been turned over to plaintiff months ago,” Judge Patterson wrote.
On July 19, Ms. Goode-Trufant of the Law Department wrote to the judge that the parties had reached an agreement in principle to settle the case, and asked that the financial sanctions be vacated, which Mr. John's lawyers did not oppose. The judge agreed that the sanctions would not be enforced.
Ms. Goode-Trufant said Friday: “We are gratified the court lifted the sanctions. We take our discovery obligations very seriously and fulfilled them to the best of our ability in this case.”
Once you have pictures of a never-before-seen-up-close almost-planet, you have to start naming what you see. And according to an image of from the New Horizons press room that our correspondent Nick Stockton tweeted earlier today, the Plutonians have started naming their surroundings...informally.
The names are all related to various mythologies of the underworld, appropriately enough. They also suggest that some of these researchers are pretty darn nerdy—though some of the names seem to have come from votes people submitted online during New Horizons' flight.
Like, for example, "Cthulu," the name of an elder god from the fiction of HP Lovecraft. Or what about "Balrog," the name of the monster that seemingly killed Gandalf the Grey in the Lord of the Rings trilogy? Meng-p'o is the Buddhist goddess of forgetfulness and amnesia—she lives in the underworld. Hun-Came and Vucub-Came are Mayan death gods.
We thought at first that Krun was a reference to a Non-Player Character from the hellfire peninsula in World of Worldcraft, but he's actually one of five lords of the underworld for the Mandaeans, an ancient religion from the Iraq-Iran region. (His nickname is "Mountain-of-Flesh.") Ala is an underworld and harvest goddess of the Ibo people of eastern Nigeria.
Pluto might not technically be a planet, but it has some great place-names.
British spies have been citing a controversial security company, which is run by a former KGB-trained intelligence expert, to help warn the public about cyber and hacking attacks.
GCHQ, the UK's frontline in cyber defence, has five times in the last year published “threat alerts” based on Moscow-headquartered agency, Kaspersky Lab.
Last week Kaspersky Lab faced claims that its software maybe being used by the Kremlin to spy on British banking customers.
Yet, as recently as November 10th, the UK's National Cyber Security Centre, which is part of GCHQ, issued a threat alert citing Kaspersky research about the dangers of using dating apps.
And in August it issued another alert citing a Kaspersky report into cyberattacks involving hidden data in digital photos and videos.
On three previous occasions in the last year Kaspersky was cited by NCSC in its alerts. UK and US security chiefs have been concerned about Kaspersky Lab amid fears it may have been compromised by Vladimir Putin's Federal Security Service.
Last night Professor Anthony Glees, a national security expert at the University of Buckingham, said they found the NCSC's reference to the Kaspersky material “totally baffling.”
The OrangeFS Project
is work that revolves around OrangeFS, a scale-out network file system designed for use on high-end computing (HEC) systems that provides very high-performance access to multi-server-based disk storage, in parallel. The OrangeFS server and client are user-level code, making them very easy to install and manage. OrangeFS has optimized MPI-IO support for parallel and distributed applications, and it is leveraged in production installations and used as a research platform for distributed and parallel storage.
OrangeFS is now part of the Linux kernel as of version 4.6. As this version of the kernel becomes widely available, it will simplify the use of parallel storage by Linux applications through OrangeFS.
The OrangeFS project has developed diverse methods of parallel access including Linux kernel integration, native Windows client, HCFS-compliant JNI interface to the Hadoop ecosystem of applications, WebDAV for native client access and direct POSIX-compatible libraries for pre-loading or linking.
The OrangeFS project continues to push the envelope of file system research while bringing high-performance parallel storage to production-ready releases.
BHP Billiton says it will fight $8 billion claim over Samarco iron ore mine disaster
Posted
BHP Billiton has announced it will appeal against the decision by a Brazilian court to reinstate a $8 billion public civil claim over last year's Samarco iron ore mine disaster.
BHP and 50-50 joint-venture partner Vale had agreed on a $3 billion settlement in March, but Brazil's Superior Court has responded to an appeal from the Federal Prosecutor's Office by issuing an interim order suspending its ratification.
That decision reinstates a 20 billion real ($A8 billion) public civil claim for clean-up costs and damages against Samarco, Vale and BHP.
"BHP Billiton Brasil intends to appeal the decision of the Superior Court of Justice," BHP said in a statement.
In the meantime, Samarco will continue to support the long-term recovery of the communities and environment affected by the dam failure, the company said.
A burst tailings dam at the mine on November 5 unleashed a mud flow that killed 19 people, left hundreds homeless and polluted a major river.
The government called it the country's worst ever environmental disaster. The mine has been closed since.
Environmental authorities say it will only be allowed to reopen when it can prove mud is no longer leaking into the surrounding area and that the mine can be run safely.
Reuters
Topics: business-economics-and-finance, company-news, mining-industry, brazil
Fans of The Expanse will meet its newest star, Frankie Adams, tonight in the opening seconds of the season premiere. Adams plays Martian Marine Bobbie Draper, a role that fans of the Expanse novels have been mulling for years now.
Many on message boards have proposed Game of Thrones' Gwendoline Christie for the role because of their height. Other fans think that Battlestar Galactica's Katee Sackhoff would be a better fit because of their attitude. But Adams says that if the role went to anyone else, they would have been devastated.
“The description of the woman themselves struck me,” Adams said. “I just felt like I need to play this role, and if I don't I'd be very upset.”
Draper, who first shows up in the James S. A Corey novel Caliban's War, is a tall, stoic Martian woman raised since birth to be a soldier. Adams themselves stands six feet tall and spent time training to be a boxer.
But, they are also of Samoan descent, just like the canonical Draper.
“When it comes to an American show or film it's very rare to have someone in the culture playing those roles,” Adams told Polygon. “They usually ask for ‘mixed-race' actors, but because this was so specific ... that was the first thing that really connected me to Bobby.”
Series creators Ty Franck and Daniel Adams that finding an actor like Adams was like finding a unicorn.
“Casting agents definitely work with us to find the diversity that we want,” Franck told Blastr. “But they end up having, say, 9,000 white guys that can play a role versus 20 non-white guys for it. You have to know that going in and be dedicated to working a little harder and casting agents are going to have to work a little harder to get the diverse cast that you want."
“I just really like representing,” Frankie Adams said. “I like playing Samoan. My mother is Samoan. They spoke Samoan to us in the house. I was born there. I really identify with that culture, so I always feel really proud when I play a Samoan specifically.”
But, as fans will learn tonight, much of their time spent on set was inside a one-of-a-kind suit of Martian power armor. Adams said that working with it was one of the most challenging assignments of their career.
“It was extremely difficult,” Adams said. “Alcon Entertainment made the suits, and they absolutely had to make sure that we could move in it and that it has as much comfort as possible. But at the end of the day, it was like a 50-pound suit.”
In the premiere's opening scene, fans will see Draper doing the 100-meter sprint while under heavy fire. That was all shot during the summer, Adams said, and the metallic plates have a nasty tendency to keep body heat in. It was so hot that the crew had to pump cold water around below the top layers of the costume between takes.
“As an actor, it was really difficult,” Adams said, “but when I watch it as an audience member it's completely worth it because it looks excellent. I think people are really gonna love it.”
Adams said that their background in the ring helped out a lot during filming. They said they did all of their own fight scenes, and nearly all of their own stunts — often while wearing a full suit of Martian plate. But they were also able to bring some of their Samoan heritage into the show as well, giving added color to the character.
“I wanted to incorporate the Samoan language into it, but it's an English speaking show so ... I just don't think that would have worked,” Adams said. “But there were a few things here and there.
“I did mention that when I was in command there might be a few things that maybe a Samoan woman would do. When one of my soldiers is being cheeky, maybe I could walk up and give them a slap on the back of the head. That's this funny thing that Samoan people do.”
The Expanse begins its second season tonight with back-to-back, hour-long episodes.
September 14th, 2015
Chances are you've seen some delicious recipes that call for some interesting ingredients that might be a bit unusual. Foods like tempeh, tofu, seitan, and jackfruit, are rapidly taking the spotlight in dishes that are perfect for Meatless Monday meals. These foods add the texture and protein we often crave without using any meat at all – but what are they made of, and what's the difference between them?
Tempeh
Tempeh is growing in popularity in the US, and has begun showing up on restaurant menus and grocery store shelves. Originally from Indonesia, tempeh is made of soy that has been fermented with natural cultures. The fermentation process turns the raw soy into a fairly firm cake-like consistency.
Tempeh is known for providing over 18 grams of protein per serving, and easily-digestible B12 vitamins. The food as an innate nutty flavor, but takes on the taste of spices an marinade well (just like its cousin, tofu).
Bell Pepper Tempeh Fajitas, Meatless Monday
Tofu
Tofu is one of the most popular meat substitutes, and is an essential ingredient in East Asian and Southeast Asian cuisine. Tofu is made by coagulating fresh soy milk (made from raw or sprouted soy beans) until curds form, pressing the curds to release the remaining liquid, and cooling the resulting blocks of curd. Differences in how the tofu is pressed account for the differences in texture between silken/soft tofu and regular/firm tofu.
Tofu is known for its ability to soak up flavors of spices and marinades, and is popular in healthy recipes as a robust source of protein and minerals that is entirely cholesterol free.
Honey Glazed Tofu and Plum Summer Rolls, Robin Asbell
Seitan
Seitan (pronounced say-tan) is made of protein-rich wheat gluten, and boasts an impressively meat-like texture. Because of this texture and its ability to pick up flavors in cooking, seitan is frequently used in restaurants as meat substitutes like faux-duck. Seitan can be purchased seasoned and prepared, and is made by combining vital wheat gluten with water and any desired spices.
Seitan is known for its texture, but it is also a prominent source of protein with up to 36 grams of protein per serving (more than tofu or tempeh) and has a high concentration of carbohydrates per serving.
Seitan Cheeseburger Pizza, Upton's Naturals
Jackfruit
Jackfruit is a tree fruit indigenous to tropical regions, and has recently been making waves in western meatless cooking. The flesh of the fruit is highly versatile and is perfectly healthy to consume raw or cooked in a recipe to mimic or replace meat.
Jackfruits are high in protein and potassium, and are a rare example of fruits that are high in essential B-complex vitamins including B-6 (pyridoxine), niacin, riboflavin, and folic acid.
BBQ Jackfruit Sandwiches with Avocado Slaw, Minimalist Baker
Frankie Edgar is not easing up on their desire to fight Conor McGregor and he's even added a horror-themed nursery rhyme to their arsenal while calling out the featherweight champion.
Edgar took to Twitter on Wednesday where they posted a video inspired by the classic 1984 film "A Nightmare on Elm Street" and the infamous nursery rhyme for dream slasher Freddy Krueger.
What do u say @thenotoriousmma? Balls in your court, Now lets see who has a Vagina @robdrake @ShoreShot @HiHoRecords pic.twitter.com/J02Afqli36 Article continues below ... — Frankie Edgar (@FrankieEdgar) March 9, 2016
The lyrics for Edgar's version below:
"1-2, Frankie's coming for you
3-4, You better guard your jaw
5-6, Conor doesn't want this
7-8, July 9 is the date
9-10, Iron Army till the end"
Edgar already told FOX Sports earlier this week that he's been messaging UFC president Dana White non-stop since UFC 196 ended to try and land the fight with McGregor this summer.
"I'm trying already. On the post-fight show I asked Dana right away, what's the deal? What's up with Conor? Who's getting them next? They said they didn't know. I've been texting them trying to set up a meeting," Edgar said. "Eventually, we're going to get on the phone, hopefully this week."
For their part, McGregor hasn't said much since dropping by submission to Nate Diaz last Saturday night outside of a couple Instagram posts.
McGregor released their latest late Wednesday night but obviously gave no indication on what comes next for them when they return to the UFC.
Reminiscing in the Ox blood. I draw blood for this life. I love this life. A photo posted by Conor McGregor Official (@thenotoriousmma) on Mar 9, 2016 at 9:46pm PST
All signs are pointing towards McGregor taking one of the key spots at UFC 200 on July 9, thus the reference in Edgar's call out. As of now, UFC officials haven't made any decisions regarding UFC 200 or McGregor's next opponent.
Metro Manila (CNN Philippines, September 28) — The Philippine Airlines (PAL) is offering to pay the government P4 billion to finally settle a years-old issue on unpaid navigational charges.
The country's flag carrier on Thursday said less than half or P3.6 billion of the P6.91 billion being demanded by the Department of Transportation (DOTr) is backed by invoices.
This was also confirmed by Transport Undersecretary for Aviation Manuel Tamayo. "Yes, that is right. Only P3.6 billion can be substantiated with invoices."
As a compromise, PAL said it is willing to pay P4 billion in tranches over seven years.
PAL said it already submitted an offer to the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines (CAAP) through its inter-agency panel of negotiators, but has not received a response yet.
"We look forward to meeting the negotiating panel and we are ready to submit a Compromise Agreement to settle this issue once and for all," PAL added.
In a statement on Wednesday, PAL said it will "continue to cooperate" with the government to finally resolve "complex legal issues," which PAL has been threshing out with the CAAP for years.
PAL said the same legal issues were the subject of a court case between PAL and the MIAA years ago, where the court ruled in favor of PAL.
Despite the favorable ruling, PAL said it opted to amicably settle with the MIAA.
The Court of Appeals in 2007 upheld a compromise deal between the MIAA and PAL for the settlement of P2.93 billion in unpaid aeronautical fees in tranches for seven years. It reversed a 2003 decision by the Pasay regional trial court for the MIAA to stop collecting fees from PAL.
PAL was a government-owned and controlled corporation with tax privileges and exemptions prior to its privatization in 1992.
PAL said it received an August 2016 letter from the DOTr demanding payment of navigational charges amounting to P6.63 billion.
The DOTr on Wednesday said PAL must now pay over P6.91 billion, down from P7.28 billion, after it made initial payment of P370 million to the CAAP.
The DOTr said the payment was a result of discussions after it sent letters to PAL in August 2016 "demanding full payment of all unpaid charges" at the order of DOTr Secretary Arthur Tugade.
However, the DOTr said it has denied PAL's requests to pay over P6 billion in arrears in seven years.
"Thus, final demand for full payment of all unpaid charges has been sent to PAL, preparatory to the filing of appropriate legal action in order to protect the interest of government," the DOTr said in its Facebook post.
Duterte: I'll have to shut down NAIA terminal if PAL won't pay debts
The issue on PAL's unpaid fees gained steam after President Rodrigo Duterte warned PAL to settle its debts or they will have to shut down the Ninoy Aquino International Airport Terminal 2, which PAL exclusively uses for most of its regional and international flights.
In a speech at the 56th anniversary of the Philippine Constitution Association late Tuesday, Duterte said they turned down the campaign money offered by PAL chair and chief executive officer Lucio Tan because of their debts.
"Sabi ko, you are using government buildings, airport, you have a back…utang diyan sa runway 'di mo binabayaran," Duterte said.
(Translation: "I said, you are using government buildings, airport, you are not paying your debts there for the use of the runway.")
Duterte said they gave Tan 10 days to pay their debts.
"Sabi ko (I said), 'You solve the problem yourself. I will give you 10 days. Bayaran mo. 'Pag hindi mo bayaran, eh 'di sirahan ko.' Wala nang airport (Pay them. If you don't, I will shut it down. No more airport). So what?" Duterte said.
They said they will be left with no choice but to order the closure of NAIA Terminal 2 even at the expense of Filipino passengers.
"Kayo Pilipino (You Filipinos) have to travel overland from Luzon to Davao… I do not mind. If we sink, we sink. But I said, 'We have to enforce the law.' So guys, you guys, if you are put into a great discomfort, sorry. Wala akong magawa (I cannot do anything). The law is the law," Duterte added.
In August last year, Duterte said they turned down campaign money from business magnates like Tan, not because it is "a bad practice," but because it is difficult to be compromised as a leader.
CNN Philippines' Claire Jiao contributed to this report.
The snow is falling as well as the roads are icy
Elva Frank Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 24, 2017
New and super stylish this season, Sorel gives us the ‘Tivoli,' a a lot more casual and sporty low boot ideal for operating errands or hanging out about the mountain village in between runs on the hill.' The sneaker-inspired boot comes within a funky black and white graphic patterned upper or blue and brown modern day print pattered upper.
Well, the snow is falling as well as the roads are icy, and that suggests it's officially winter. In the event you do not currently have a pair of womens winter boots, you'll need to have your self a pair pronto! So as to hold your feet warm, dry and protected from what they winter has to present you may need womens winter boots. There are many various kinds of boots that you're in a position to pick from, but you'll need to be sure that they may be capable of last even in the toughest circumstances. You wish to keep your feet comfy whilst you brace the tough man of winter.
For a hard pair of boots that could be capable of final a lifetime, you need a pair of Keen winter boots. Keen has been around for a extended time now and persons have seriously taken rather a liking to it because the boots are genuinely great for countless different climate conditions. If you're looking for a pair of boots which might be durable and can supply a lot of tracking when you need to walk about inside the snow or around the ice, then you want a pair of those boots.
Are you looking for any pair of boots which will really make you really feel as even though you happen to be walking outdoors within a cozy slipper? If you want the ultimate comfort within a boot, and a single that will be able to hold you insanely warm, then you will need to put on MOU boots. We've grown to know this brand, and nevertheless folks think it is the very best in terms of cozy boots. When you are seeking for a boot that will be capable of maintain your feet warm even when it really is freezing outdoors, you may need to put on these boots that happen to be insulated with soft and luxurious sheepskin!
If you're a lady who's seeking for any pair of boots which might be best to go hiking in during the winter time, then you definitely have to wear a pair of North Face winter boots. These are the very best boots to put on after you are arranging on doing any type of outside activity, besides just shoveling the snow off your automobile. In case you want a high efficiency boot that should have the ability to actually retain up with your pace, then you definitely want to put on a pair of these. They are comfortable and pretty durable and are great for the excellent outdoors.
Emu boots are fantastic for any woman who is seeking for a challenging pair of boots that may truly hold the snow out though they are outdoors. If you are looking for any pair of boots which might be great for you to wear although you will be heading out to put on, then these could be just the bet option for you personally. They are comfortable, and they are truly powerful, but additionally stylish at the same time. When you are looking for an overall superior boot, they are perfect for you!
Merrell boots are always a superb option for the active way of life since they're hard, however they are also extremely sleek. When you are looking for a wonderful pair of boots that should be capable of take you in to the winter season, plus the subsequent, then you definitely will need to wear a pair of boots like these. They are fantastic for any woman who is seriously seeking for a classic pair of boots that could really maintain their feet protected.
On the subject of womens winter boots, you may need to find a superb pair that are comfortable, sturdy and overall quite warm MOU Eskimo.
Even The North Face has come a lengthy way with their winter boots for females to match the long-lasting durability and trendy look of Sorel's signature brand. The ‘Bella Alta' winter boots for women are also heavily influenced by sneaker design and style, but these zip up the back, drop the laces, and boast an incredibly fluffy sheepskin collar.' The Bella is an excellent selection for the wintertime outdoor enthusiast!
Could a mixed-use project, with more office space than Amazon needs for its planned massive second headquarters, be in the offing for downtown Atlanta?
An unnamed group filed documents this week with the city of Atlanta suggesting a project of mammoth scope — more than 10 million square feet of total development. It would rise on 9-acres near Philips Arena in undeveloped swath of parking lots and rail beds known as the Gulch.
That size of a project would equal the square footage of Atlanta's tallest tower — Bank of America Plaza — eight times over.
A likely candidate for the developer behind the proposal would be CIM Group of Los Angeles. The company is pursuing a massive redevelopment near Philips Arena that would bring hotels, apartments, offices and retail, but the group behind the filing with the city was not identified.
CIM was co-founded by Richard Ressler, brother of Atlanta Hawks lead owner Tony Ressler. A Hawks spokesperson declined to comment.
The Hawks have expressed desire in being part of a redevelopment of downtown, including the Gulch and surrounding land, and Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed has said CIM could bring plans for a $1 billion development.
In March 2016, during negotiations between the franchise and the city about public financing for a Philips Arena overhaul, the Hawks first expressed interest in an entertainment district downtown.
In June, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution first reported the Hawks and its development partners were in negotiations for land and development rights near Philips Arena.
In August, the AJC first reported an affiliated of CIM had the former Norfolk Southern office complex near the federal courthouse under contract. The property is seen as a vital piece in future redevelopment of south downtown, and sits about a mile south of Philips Arena, signaling the vast scope of potential development by CIM and its partners.
The former Norfolk Southern office complex in downtown Atlanta. AJC FILE Photo: The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
The filing, known as an impact fee assessment, described the project as having more than 9 million square feet of office space, 1 million square feet of commercial space, 1,500 hotel rooms and 2,100 apartments or condos. The filing was first reported by real estate publication Bisnow.
The property is a 9-acre parcel that is currently parking across Centennial Olympic Park Drive from Philips. The land is owned by the city. A Reed spokesperson declined to comment.
Tonight, the Hawks will honor Reed by retiring a jersey in their honor.
Reed led months-long negotiations with the team for a $192.5 million deal – including $142 million in taxpayer dollars – to overhaul Philips Arena.
The deal also extended the team's lease at the arena through 2046.
Last month, the state of Georgia delivered its bid for Amazon's North American headquarters project. The complex, called HQ2, is a 50,000 jobs bonanza that could total more than $5 billion in new investment.
Amazon has said it requires up to 8 million square feet of office space on property with direct transit connections that also is within 45 minutes of an airport.
The Gulch property would fulfill all those requirements.
Georgia's bid still remains shrouded in secrecy, and state law allows Georgia's recruiters to keep details of the bid under wraps. But it is known that the state included the Gulch as part of a menu of dozens of metro Atlanta sites proposed to Amazon.
The state said this week local developers and communities offered more than 70 sites for the state to pitch the e-commerce giant.
On Monday, state economic development officials said Amazon indicated it needs 500,000 square feet to 750,000 square feet immediately, and about that much in additional space every 18 months through 2027. Those needs could be fulfilled by both existing buildings or new ones.
State officials expect Amazon's site selection team to begin visiting prospect cities this month.
Related coverage
Georgia officials expect Amazon to start HQ2 site visits soon
Hawks in talks on mixed-use complex near Philips Arena
Philips Arena to get $192.5 million facelift
MYAJC.COM: REAL JOURNALISM. REAL LOCAL IMPACT.
AJC Business reporter J. Scott Trubey keeps you updated on the latest news about economic development and commercial real estate in metro Atlanta and beyond. You'll find more on myAJC.com, including these stories:
Never miss a minute of what's happening in local business news. Subscribe to myAJC.com.
NEW DELHI/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. defense firm Lockheed Martin (LMT.N) wants to push ahead with plans to move production of its F-16 combat jets to India, but understands President Donald Trump's administration may want to take a “fresh look” at the proposal.
A U.S. Lockheed Martin F-16 flies during an air display at the Farnborough International Air Show, Hampshire, July 19, 2004. REUTERS/Toby Melville
With no more orders for the F-16 from the Pentagon, Lockheed plans to use its Fort Worth, Texas plant instead to produce the fifth generation F-35 Joint Strike Fighter that the United States Air Force is transitioning to.
Lockheed would switch F-16 production to India, as long as the Indian government agrees to order hundreds of the planes that its air force desperately needs.
Trump has criticized U.S. companies that have moved manufacturing overseas and which then sell their products back to the U.S. In their first few weeks in office, they have pushed companies, from automakers to pharmaceutical firms, to produce more in the United States.
In Lockheed's case, however, the plan is to build the F-16 to equip the Indian Air Force, and not sell them back into the United States.
Lockheed said it has been talking to Trump's transition and governance teams as well as the U.S. Congress for several months on its plans, including the proposed sale of F-16 planes to India, a spokesperson told Reuters in Washington.
“We've briefed the Administration on the current proposal, which was supported by the Obama Administration as part of a broader cooperative dialogue with the Government of India,” the spokesperson said.
“We understand that the Trump Administration will want to take a fresh look at some of these programs, and we stand prepared to support that effort to ensure that any deal of this importance is properly aligned with U.S. policy priorities.”
India is expected to spend $250 billion on defense modernization over the next decade, analysts say, and there is concern that a veto on making the F-16 in India would not only hit Lockheed, but also threaten other military contracts to come up in India for Boeing (BA.N), Northrop (NOC.N) and Raytheon (RTN.N).
The White House did not respond to requests for comment on the plan to build the plane in India.
A person close to Lockheed said company officials did not know what the Trump administration planned to do about the proposal to shift F-16 production to India.
“They're following it closely and talking with the White House. But if they don't move production to India, there's no way they'll get the India contract,” the person said.
One argument to be made was that moving to India would preserve some component production in the United States. “Twenty-five percent of something is better than zero percent of nothing,” the person said.
NO THREAT TO U.S. JOBS
Lockheed has said that moving F-16 assembly to India would create 200 engineering jobs in the United States to help support the production line in India.
It has also said that about 800 workers in the United States making the non-Lockheed parts for the F-16 would keep their jobs if construction shifts to India.
“We are offering to make the F-16 Block-70 aircraft with a local partner in India. This is an offer exclusive to India,” Randall L. Howard, head of F-16 business development, told Reuters ahead of India's biggest air show beginning in Bengaluru next week.
In India, the F-16 is up against SAAB's (SAABb.ST) Gripen combat aircraft, which the Swedish firm has also offered to make locally, as Prime Minister Narendra Modi drives a Make-in-India campaign to build a domestic aerospace industry and reduce costly imports.
The Indian government is expected to decide this year on which company will build a single-engine fighter plane, in collaboration with a local partner. A defense official said the process was at a very early stage.
The Indian air force alone needs 200-250 fighters over the next 10 years, its former chief Arup Raha said before they left office in December.
Negotiating arms contracts with India can take years, and industry officials said there was no guarantee Lockheed would win the contract even if it moves production to India.
Defense ties between India and the United States have grown rapidly, with U.S. arms sales of more than $4 billion in 2012-15, mostly under government-to-government foreign military sales, upstaging long-term supplier Russia and even Israel.
Lockheed's executive director for international business development, Abhay Paranjape, said their team has met with representatives from 40 defense and aviation firms in India to help build the ancillary network for the aircraft assembly program.
“We want to be prepared, that's why we started the ground work,” they said, adding Lockheed has also scouted possible factory sites in India.
Lockheed has a joint venture with India's Tata Advanced Systems Ltd to make airframe components for the C-130J Super Hercules transport plane and the S-92 helicopter.
“The capability for building components exists here, it's been proven with the C-130s. The challenge now is to pick the right partners,” Paranjape said.
Rewards and Punishments for Gaza
How the Israel Lobby Reshapes its Message
By Philip Giraldi
September 18, 2014 " ICH " - " Unz Review " - - Those of us who believe that the Israeli government has finally gone too far in its slaughter of Gazan civilians because the whole world, including most Americans, finally recognize something called ethnic cleansing at a level approaching genocide when they see it, should be aware that pushback has arrived. Israel and its powerful friends in both the US and international media as well as in government circles are energetically rewriting the story, not only regarding Gaza, to restore Israel's status as the beleaguered little democracy in the Middle East and America's only true friend and ally.
The reconstructed narrative is backed up by a not so subtle system of punishments and rewards for those who either deviate from or support the new orthodoxy. Indeed, politicians in general are leading the charge because they have the most to benefit from being perceived as friends of Israel, particularly if they are ambitious. Criminalization of criticism of Israel is also on the agenda in a number of countries. A current bipartisan congressional resolution with 93 co-sponsors is seeking to limit what might or might not be said regarding actions undertaken by the Israeli government. It “decries and condemns the comparison of Israel to Nazis perpetrating a Holocaust or genocides as an insult to the memory of those who perished in the Holocaust.” The bill is one of a number that have been floated in several countries, including Canada, to make any criticism of Israel a hate crime.
Republicans are lined up solidly in support of Israel. Senator Ted Cruz even felt compelled to sing the praises of Israel during a dinner hosted by Middle Eastern Christians, who have been victimized by Tel Aviv, before they were booed off the stage. Senator Rand Paul, who occasionally and unsuccessfully tries to talk like their principled non-interventionist father, thinks that Israel's regular military interventions into the shrinking Palestinians territories are just fine because they are “defense.” Five hundred dead Palestinian children are apparently just a footnote for the eye doctor from Kentucky and the lawyer from Texas.
And it is also notable how professional “bleeding heart” advocates of protecting suffering humanity worldwide routinely make an exception for the Middle East. Reliably liberal Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren, always “progressive except for Palestine,” has felt compelled to describe Israel's shelling of schools and hospitals as a response to Hamas's alleged use of those buildings to launch rockets, justifying Israel's “right…to defend itself.” Per Warren, killing civilians is the “last thing Israel wants.” It might be noted that Warren, like Paul, just might be harboring presidential ambitions.
And the reward system is international. North of the border the benefits derived from talking nice about Israel are perhaps more palpable. Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper, who defended the bombing and shelling of Gaza, has described Israel as a light that “…burns bright, upheld by the universal principles of all civilized nations – freedom, democracy justice.” They have also said “I will defend Israel whatever the cost” to Canada. Harper has been nominated by Canadian B'nai Brith for the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize, an honor they would share with “change we can believe in” President Barack Obama for “his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples.” Yes, that is how the Nobel citation actually reads .
And not talking nice about Israel can sometimes bring down real punishment. Here in the United States the Yale University Episcopalian Chaplain Reverend Bruce M. Shipman who wrote in a letter to the New York Times suggesting that there is a “relationship between Israel's policies in the West Bank and Gaza and growing anti-Semitism in Europe and beyond” fell afoul of the Israel thought police, who descended on them immediately, forcing them to resign. It would seem to be common sense to make the connection that behavior influences perceptions, but one has to wonder how many “big donors” might have contacted Yale to suggest that such a paradigm is unthinkable at a leading institution of higher learning. Just speculating, mind you.
Across the pond, British Member of Parliament George Galloway was recently attacked and beaten in London by a man wearing an Israeli Defense Forces t-shirt who shouted about the holocaust as they dislocated Galloway's jaw and broke their ribs. The attacker had been stalking Galloway and had written on their Facebook page that they would like to cut their throat. During the Israeli onslaught on Gaza, the parliamentarian had declared that their district in Bradford should be an “Israel free zone” and they urged their supporters to boycott all Israeli goods, services, academics and tourists. They were subsequently “interviewed under caution” by the police and investigated after complaints were received, during which they were questioned regarding “inciting racial hatred.” Galloway's attacker has had a defense fund set up for them and the British government and media have been notably silent concerning rewarding someone for a premeditated assault on an elected official.
The latest effort also has its propaganda wing, promoting in the media the old argument that Israel should be judged by a different standard than other nations, which has meant in fact no standard at all. One particularly bizarre commentary comes from Michael Gerson of the Washington Post, who argues that it is the Palestinians who have benefited from a friendly mainstream media, not Israel, and that anti-Semitism is behind it all.
In fact, Israel's friends get away with saying things that would not pass muster for any other ethnic or religious group. They do not hesitate to make the racist claim that all Muslims and Arabs in particularly have terrorist DNA which presumably justifies whatever Israel insists it has to do to keep them in line. The propaganda line goes something like this: Israel wants peace but the Arabs do not. Israel has suffered from Arab terrorists for many years even though it has done nothing wrong and has offered the hand of friendship. Israel is a democracy whereas the Arab states are all one form or another of autocracies, making it a natural friend and ally of the United States and Europe.
Regarding Gaza, the apologists claim that Israel was attacked and only defending itself. The United Nations and other international bodies are biased against Israel and can safely be ignored. The Arabs are so heedless of the value of human life that they deliberately used their own children as human shields while the Israeli army “the most moral in the world” reacted humanely and only returned fire when fired upon. In support of that line, Israel is disputing reliable United Nations statistics, obtained on the ground in Gaza, revealing that three quarters of the victims of the Israeli assault on Gaza were civilians, including 495 children and 253 women. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is instead insisting that 1000 of the more than two thousand dead were “terrorist operatives,” the preferred Israeli term, even though Israel has had no access to the actual casualties.
Of course the new “Stand by Israel” narrative is wrong in nearly every detail: the Israelis have rejected Arab offers for a comprehensive peace agreement; Israel started terrorism in the Middle East when it ethnically cleansed the Palestinians starting in 1948; the Israeli army epitomizes state sponsored terrorism in its brutal and illegal occupation of the West Bank; Israel is a true democracy only for its Jewish citizens; Israel provoked the carnage in Gaza; and there is no actual evidence of Palestinians using children as human shields. Israeli gunners killed civilians indiscriminately in their attack on Gaza just as they did in 2009 and, it might be added, that Israel has frequently been accused of other assorted crimes against humanity as well as war crimes over its oppression of the Palestinians. It has escaped any consequences because it is protected by the United States. Most recently Tel Aviv has announced plans to steal 1,000 more acres of land on the Arab West Bank for a new settlement, a violation of the Geneva conventions.
The most recent onslaught using the media to spread disinformation is attempting to demonstrate that groups like Hamas are pretty much the same as groups like ISIS. A full page ad that appeared in both the Washington Post and the New York Times on September 2nd, paid for by This World: The Values Network, an organization run by “America's rabbi” Shmuley Boteach, claimed that radical Islam, which “threatens humanity,” is “beheading and crucifying children in its genocidal war,” while in Iran “the gay hating, women-stoning, free speech suppressing mullahs continue to fund murderous attacks against Americans and Jews worldwide, threatening Israel with nuclear annihilation.”
Boteach also informs the reader that “…bloodthirsty Hamas terrorists fire rockets at Israelis from homes, schools and mosques. Hamas sacrifices Palestinians babies as human shields, and uses Palestinian children as slave labor to builds terror tunnels in its never ending genocidal war against the Jews.”
To what end? The United Nations continues to “…castigate the Middle East's only democracy as it acts in self-defense against the Hamas death cult.” The solution? “Join our fight against the UN making suckers of Americans. Join our fight against the Israel haters…”
One might rejoin, if rejoinder were invited by Rabbi Boteach, that many of the claims that they make about wicked Arabs come straight from the hasbara propaganda mill at the Israeli Foreign Ministry. Also, for one who claims to be an American citizen they fail to make any legitimate case that their own countrymen are in any way threatened by Iran or the Palestinians. They do cite Congressional support for recent Israeli war crimes but as everyone inside the beltway knows, that is low-hanging fruit that can be plucked by anyone who cheerleads for Israel.
Indeed Boteach's passion for another country blinds them to what US interests actually might be. They also choose to ignore the fact that even if one is uncritically partisan it is indisputable that the Israelis have not exactly been innocents amidst all the death and destruction, that indiscriminate shelling and bombing of Gaza have killed more than 2,000, one quarter of them children, and that it will cost nearly $8 billion to repair all the physical damage inflicted by the humane Israeli Army.
So if you listen to the politicians and media you will be bombarded with one vision of Israel, but if you actually pay attention to what is going on you might come to a different conclusion. Rabbi Boteach urges their supporters to stop the UN from “making suckers of Americans.” Actually, it is Israel and its friends that have been making suckers of the rest of us for a long time, a process that must end if the United States is ever to salvage any moral high ground from the disasters of the past thirteen years.
Petrol and diesel prices were slashed by Rs 2 per litre on Wednesday, following a sharp fall in global oil prices.Earlier, petrol and diesel prices were increased in Delhi after the state government decided to increase VAT (value added tax) rate on the two fuels with effect from Thursday.However after the subsequent revision, petrol in Delhi will be dearer by 28 paise while diesel will be cheaper by 50 paise.Global oil prices have fallen below the $60 level for the first time since April on concerns over China slowdown and oversupply.Last Monday, oil prices fell nearly 8 per cent - its biggest selloff in 5 months - after Greece had rejected the bailout terms in a referendum.The recent Iran nuclear deal could also pressure on oil prices. A milestone nuclear deal reached on Tuesday between six world powers and Iran will mean sanctions that have limited sales of Iranian oil for several years are likely to be lifted in early 2016. Oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan said Iran's eventual return to international oil markets would lead to lower prices.India imports close to 80 per cent of its oil requirement. Besides global oil prices, the value of rupee is a key determiner of domestic petrol and diesel prices. The rupee has remained stable despite the turmoil earlier in global markets due to the Greece crisis.Petrol prices were last cut on June 30 by 31 paise per litre and diesel by 71 paise a litre in line with a fall in international oil rates. Oil firms review the prices of petrol and diesel every fortnight. On Tuesday, Brent crude was trading at $57 levels.
The European Parliament has introduced amended regulation that would not only require end-to-end encryption when convenient but forbid backdoors that offer secured access to law enforcement. EU citizens need to know that the “confidentiality and safety” of their data is “guaranteed,” according to the design, and backdoors risk “weakening” that privacy.
The project has to be approved by Parliament and then reviewed by the EU Council, so there's still a possibility that the rules will be softened if and when the bills pass.
If they do clear, although, they could set up a dispute between the EU and countries that aren't so fond of encryption. The UK is unquestionably the main concern, even after it leaves the EU. A ban on backdoors would make it hard for the country to implement the Investigatory Powers Act's requirement that corporations remove “electronic protection” when possible. How would that be significant when virtually every tech company in Europe is encrypting data traffic? You're not likely to see UK-specific variants of apps that introduce security holes.
This would also prevent the efforts of some American politicians (such as Senators Richard Burr and Dianne Feinstein) to effectively forbid airtight encryption. While those proposals have largely delayed, they'd face an even tougher battle in Congress if it meant trouble American and European security policies against each other. Simply put, the EU could wind up ordaining encryption strength well beyond its member states' borders.
Take your time to comment on this article.
A billboard supporting LGBT rights along Highway 108 between Tryon and Columbus in Polk County, N.C., has been vandalized.
A billboard supporting LGBT rights along Highway 108 was taken down Thursday after it was vandalized.
The sign, located on a stretch of highway between Tryon and Columbus in Polk County, N.C., read "Welcome to North Carolina ... Please set your clock back 100 years."
The billboard was defaced with graffiti that read "God is not mocked," "Be not deceived" and "Galatians 6:7."
The nonprofit group Planting Peace paid for the billboard earlier this month to protest the North Carolina legislature's passage of HB 2, which requires transgender people to use restrooms, showers and changing rooms that correspond with their gender at birth.
The law also rolled back protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people that some cities had in place.
Ashton Mitchell at Lamar Advertising's Hendersonville office said the billboard was removed after the vandalism was discovered.
“It didn't have anything to do with what was on the sign," Mitchell said. "It was just the fact that it was graffitied.”
Mitchell said Planting Peace will be credited for the remaining days on the billboard contract.
In a statement about the vandalism, Planting Peace President Aaron Jackson said, “Acts like this are exactly the reason Planting Peace has and will continue to stand up to those who aim to bully the LGBT community, using religion as their shield to practice hate. To be clear, our issue is not with religion, but with those who use it and twist it to further their own agenda."
As per the annual Crime in India report of the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), more than 50000 fire-arms each were seized in the country in 2014 and 2015 under the Arms act. Uttar Pradesh alone accounted for 45% of the seized fire-arms in the country.
Possession of a fire-arm or ammunition without a valid license is an offence under the Arms Act. The police can seize any such illegal fire-arm or ammunition and book a case against the possessor as per the laid down procedure. They can also seize licensed fire-arms under other provisions of the act. The details of all such seizure cases and the amount of arms seized under the Arms Act is compiled by the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) in their annual ‘Crime in India' report. The NCRB started collecting this data only in 2014 and hence data before 2014 is not available at a central place.
More than 50000 fire-arms seized in the country in 2014 & 2015
As per the NCRB report, more than 53000 fire-arms were seized under the arms act in 2015 while more than 51000 cases of seizure were reported. In 2014, more than 55000 cases under this act were registered and a similar number of fire-arms were also seized. Both in 2014 & 2015, crude & country made arms accounted for the bulk of the seizures. Licenced or factory made fire-arms were the lowest in terms of the seizures. Seized arms include AK47/56, Pistols, Carbine, Revolvers, Guns, Rifles and country made weapons etc. More than one lakh number of ammunition was seized in 2014 while this number went up to more than three lakh in 2015.
The Police also makes seizures under the Explosives Act. In 2014, 3843 cases of seizure of explosives were reported. This number increased marginally to 3571 in 2015. The seized explosives include Detonators, RDX, TNT, Gelatin Sticks, Grenades, Landmines, IEDs etc.
Uttar Pradesh & Madhya Pradesh account for 60% of the seizures
It is not the left wing extremism (LWE) or maoist affected states that top the list of seizures. Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh together account for more than 60% of all the seizures in the country both in 2014 and 2015. Add Rajasthan to this list, the percentage goes over 70%. More than 24000 fire-arms were seized in Uttar Pradesh in both 2014 and 2015. Compared to this, the number of fire-arms seized in all the South Indian states put together was less than 1000 in both 2014 and 2015. More than 1000 fire-arms were seized in eight (8) different states in 2014 and seven (7) different states in 2015.
Aluminium can form an amalgam in solution with mercury. Aluminium amalgam may be prepared by either grinding aluminium pellets or wire in mercury, or by allowing aluminium wire to react with a solution of mercury(II) chloride in water.[1][2]
This amalgam is used as a chemical reagent to reduce compounds, such as the reduction of imines to amines. The aluminium is the ultimate electron donor, and the mercury serves to mediate the electron transfer.
The reaction itself and the waste from it contain mercury, so special safety precautions and disposal methods are needed. As an environmentally friendlier alternative, hydrides or other reducing agents can often be used to accomplish the same synthetic result. Another environmentally friendly alternative is an alloy of aluminium and gallium which similarly renders the aluminium more reactive by preventing it from forming an oxide layer.[3]
Reactivity [ edit ]
Aluminium in air is ordinarily protected by a molecule-thin layer of its own oxide. This aluminium oxide layer serves as a protective barrier to the underlying aluminium itself and prevents chemical reactions with the metal. Mercury coming into contact with it does no harm. However, if any elemental aluminium is exposed (even by a recent scratch), the mercury may combine with it to form the amalgam. This process can continue well beyond the immediately exposed metal surface, potentially reacting with a large part of the bulk aluminium before it finally ends.[4]
The net result is similar to the mercury electrodes often used in electrochemistry, except instead of providing electrons from an electrical supply they are provided by the aluminium which becomes oxidized in the process. The reaction that occurs at the surface of the amalgam may actually be a hydrogenation rather than a reduction.
The presence of water in the solution is reportedly necessary; the electron rich amalgam will oxidize aluminium and reduce H+ from water, creating aluminium hydroxide (Al(OH) 3 ) and hydrogen gas (H 2 ).[contradictory] The electrons from the aluminium reduce mercuric Hg2+ ion[clarification needed] to metallic mercury. The metallic mercury can then form an amalgam with the exposed aluminium metal. The amalgamated aluminium then is oxidized by water, converting the aluminium to aluminium hydroxide and releasing free metallic mercury. The generated mercury then cycles through these last two steps until the aluminium metal supply is exhausted.[4]
2 Al + 3 Hg2+ + 6 H 2 O → 2 Al(OH) 3 + 6 H+ + 3 Hg Hg + Al → Hg·Al 2 Hg·Al + 6 H 2 O → 2 Al(OH) 3 + 2 Hg + 3 H 2
Due to the reactivity of aluminium amalgam, restrictions are placed on the use and handling of mercury in proximity with aluminium. In particular, large amounts of mercury are not allowed aboard aircraft under most circumstances because of the risk of it forming amalgam with exposed aluminium parts in the aircraft.[5] Even the transportation and packaging of mercury-containing thermometers and barometers is severely restricted.[6] Accidental mercury spills in aircraft do sometimes result in insurance write-offs.[7]
See also [ edit ]
LeBron James carried the Cavs to the Finals virtually by themselves last year, and now they have help.
These things I believe:
1. LeBron James is the best player in the NBA.
2. The Cleveland Cavaliers are going to win the NBA championship and put an end to the 52-year sports drought that has tortured and plagued the good folks who live by the shores of Lake Erie.
Advertisement
Let's talk LeBron first. You all know that Stephen Curry was just named NBA MVP for the second straight year. Golden State's sharpshooting guard was a unanimous pick. Their team set the league record with 73 wins, and many expect the Warriors to win a second straight NBA title.
Get Today's Headlines in your inbox: The day's top stories delivered every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Swell. Curry deserves the award. But every true Basketball Jones knows that LeBron is still the best player on the planet. He's 6-8, built like Wilt Chamberlain, can put the ball on the floor, rebound, defend, and go to the basket for 2 points or two free throws any time they wish.
 They are one of the top 10 talents in the history of the league. They still have some trouble closing and has won championships only twice in six appearances in the NBA Finals, but I can't believe there's a coach out there who would not take LeBron first if all players were available for an open draft to assemble a team for this year's playoffs.
I will never understand the irrational LeBron hate that pollutes the sports landscape. Certainly “The Decision” was odious, and LeBron is a bit of a poseur, but they have done little to earn the hate that is showered on their huge head nightly.
Enough of that. We're on to Cleveland.
Advertisement
Mercy. Have these folks not suffered enough? How can any neutral sports fan not root for the Cavaliers to win it all this year?
The Cavaliers are waiting to play the winner of the Miami Heat-Toronto Raptors series in the Eastern Conference finals. That series should be a formality. For all practical purposes, Cleveland is already in the Finals.
The Cavs got there last year and extended the wonderful Warriors to six games before bowing out. Cleveland actually won two of the first three games of that series. That was a Cleveland team carried solely by LeBron. Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love were on the shelf with injuries.
This year the Cavs are healthy. LeBron, Irving, and Love make for a nifty Big Three. They have the maniacal J.R. Smith and Channing Frye draining rainbow jumpers from international waters. Tristan Thompson is a rebounding robot. Iman Shumpert is a serviceable two-way player. Head coach Tyronn Lue has replaced the stiff and annoying David Blatt, who kept telling us how many playoff games they won overseas.
The Cavs went 57-25 during the regular season, but they are 8-0 in the playoffs. They swept the Pistons and the Hawks (remember the Hawks — the ordinary team that bludgeoned the Celtics?). They have a chance to get to the Finals with a “fo, fo, fo” run originally suggested by the late Moses Malone.
Advertisement
But this is about the city of Cleveland more than it is about LeBron James or the Cleveland basketball team. Cleveland has endured one of the worst half-centuries in American history. Its population has fled. Its downtown is dismal and too often empty. Its people are hungry for a winner after six decades of failure from the Browns, Indians, and Cavaliers.
Bill Belichick and Bill Fitch could not win championships in Cleveland. Rocky Colavito and Manny Ramirez could not get it done. Ditto for Bingo Smith and World B. Free.
Cleveland's last championship came in 1964 (three years before the first Super Bowl) when Jim Brown and quarterback Frank Ryan led the Browns to a 27-0 win over the Baltimore Colts in the NFL championship game.
In the late 1980s, the Browns lost back-to-back AFC Championship games to the Broncos. In one game, they fell victim to John Elway's historic 98-yard drive; in the other one, they were killed by a self-inflicted wound when Earnest Byner fumbled near the goal line. Today the Browns are a joke. They do nothing to reward some of the NFL's best fans.
The Indians last won a World Series when Bill Veeck owned the team in 1948. In 1997, they took a one-run lead into the ninth inning of Game 7, only to lose to the five-year-old Florida Marlins when Jose Mesa blew the lead. Terry Francona keeps the Tribe competitive these days, but nobody goes to the games and there is concern about the long-term health of the franchise.
The Cavs had a pretty good team knocked out in the first round of the playoffs when Michael Jordan canned a jumper over Craig Ehlo in 1989. LeBron has taken them to the Finals twice, getting swept by the Spurs in 2007 and bowing to the Warriors last spring.
So this is the year. LeBron's Redemption. Duck boats on the Cuyahoga River.
Book it, people. A month before Donald Trump is anointed at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July, LeBron James and the Cavaliers are going to make Cleveland great again.
Dan Shaughnessy can be reached at dshaughnessy@globe.com
I was perusing r/TrueAtheism recently and came across a link to an article by Sam Harris. It turned out to be a response to Daniel Dennett's criticisms of Harris' book Free Will, written in the form of an extended and somewhat conversational (if not a bit irritated) essay. As someone with a strong philosophical inclination [looks at Bachelor's degree in Philosophy hanging on wall], I found the essay's topic – free will - to be quite interesting, even if I had not read either Free Will or Dennett's extensive critique. What I found to be more interesting, however, was the lone comment attached to the article, posted by reddit user Siguard. To quote:
"This is a discussion on free will, and therefore belongs in a place like /r/philosophy and not /r/trueatheism. I know it's common to lump everything Harris does as relating to atheism, but I don't think this has anything to do with their atheism and more so to do with their neuroscience background, which is the root of their philosophical view on free will."
The comment itself is accurate, and reasonably articulated (one of the reason's my default atheism-related subreddit is r/TrueAtheism and not r/atheism), but something about it struck me as odd. The original post didn't gain much traction, nor did Siguard's comment (in either a negative or positive way). I say all this because I don't want my following comments to be seen as criticism of either the article, Siguard, or the content contained within Harris' article. Rather, I highlight their comment because I think it hints at a perceptible cloistering within communities like r/TrueAtheism that are unnecessarily limiting of the community itself and the content we can find therein.
Nothing within the rules of the subreddit prohibits postings that aren't specifically related to atheism, and I believe this is purposeful. As I have written about elsewhere, atheism itself is a negative belief and it would be difficult to find discussion-worthy content often enough to justify the existence of r/TrueAtheism if “atheism qua atheism” was the only subject under discussion. As such, it is only natural that related topics - typically religion, relevant social issues, and personal posts – get tossed into the mix. Atheists are more than the simple belief that "gods do not exist” and I would expect a community that ostensibly exists for atheists would be as varied as those atheists are themselves. Why, then, should a philosophical topic as interesting as free will be dismissed so easily, especially if the subject is being discussed by two of the most well-known atheists out there?
Again, this was one person's comment on a post that did not receive much attention. I do not aim to pass judgment on all atheist redditors, nor to make sweeping claims about how degenerate the online atheist community is. I am one of them and I can happily say that overall I have found the topics posted to be interesting, engaging, and very often emotion and personal. Yet for all of that, there was something in that comment that struck a chord with me, and I believe it is because there is an undercurrent of opinion that dismisses tangentially related topics as irrelevant or – worse - as unwanted distractions.
While it is certainly the case that some things don't make sense to post to a forum like r/TrueAtheism, I think the intellectual net should be cast wider than many others might. The reason is simple: atheism simply doesn't say or mean much in and of itself and as such it leaves atheists at a bit of a “disadvantage” to their theist peers. We don't come "pre-programmed" with a worldview that contains answers to the more pressing questions out there, nor are we necessarily given the philosophical tools useful for understanding the world and people around us. As someone who both lacks a belief in gods and as someone who values the insights of (western) philosophy, I grant that I am biased on the subject. Nevertheless, I think that philosophical discussions are crucial for fleshing out a coherent, explanatorily useful model of reality. I also think atheists can perhaps benefit more than many others in this pursuit, as we are not encumbered by dogma and myth to the extent that most of the world seems to be.
Consider why a topic like free will might be a ripe topic of discussion for non-believers; if properly fleshed out, any insightful conversation about “free will” must necessarily bring in metaphysical assumptions or premises.
Does the world operate according to strict laws that we can understand and, thus, use to predict future outcomes?
Or is the universe under the sway of randomizing forces, forever removing true predictability from the equation?
Are we self-generated, or are we the outcome of forces beyond our control?
Depending on the answer to the previous question, how should be gone about punishing wrong-doers in a way that respects their autonomy and humanity?
Each of these are in some way restricted or informed by one's atheism, which I believe makes them ripe topics of discussion by atheists, for atheists.
All of this is to say nothing of the fact that it is not a terrible idea to understand the type of things that prominent atheists get up to when not advocating or defending atheism qua atheism. Your personal opinion of Sam Harris or Daniel Dennett aside, these men are two of the most publicly recognizable faces of atheism. This makes them, for better or worse, ambassadors for the non-religious, which I believe makes their public exploits – particularly those between the two – an area of interest for atheists. It's not that their opinions or thoughts should inherently matter more to atheists, but it is reasonable (if not also pragmatic) to understand that those opinions and thoughts have a greater chance of influence the world's attitude towards atheists than those of your average atheist.
Siguard was correct when they stated that the issue being debated in Harris' article was not strictly related to their atheism, but I think the impetus to deflect the article to another subreddit is indicative of a limited view of what a community like r/TrueAtheism can be. I don't want the old r/atheism, filled with snark and irreverent memes, but I also don't want a place devoid of discourse that might only be tangentially related to atheism. There is so much to be discussed that can be effected by one's belief that there are no gods, even if those topics are not, in and of themselves, inherently beholden to or grounded by atheism qua atheism. I hope that others share that spirit, because I think it can and will lead to more fulfilling and intellectually stimulating discussions through which all atheists can benefit.
Featured image used with permission of Flickr user Torley.
Follow me on Twitter and Google+ and check back weekly for new articles and podcasts. You can also follow [37G] on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, or YouTube.
Jackie Dunham, CTVNews.ca Staff
Warning: Some readers may find the details in this story disturbing
A Kitchener woman has apologized for their role in the sexual assault of a seven-year-old girl who was advertised online.
Sonya Lucas, one of three adults convicted in connection with sexual offences against the young girl, pleaded guilty in June to sexual interference, making child pornography, and possessing child pornography.
During the trial, court heard that Lucas, 49, who was working as an escort at the time, accompanied a Waterloo man named Rui DaSilva to the girl's home in Hamilton, Ont. a year and a half ago. DaSilva had responded to an online ad on Craigslist advertising sex with a child. It was posted by the boyfriend of the girl's mother.
Lucas was paid $100 to travel from Kitchener, Ont. to Hamilton to accompany DaSilva during the visit. They admitted to inappropriately touching the child and filming DaSilva and the 35-year-old boyfriend sexually abusing the girl on their cellphone.
At the sentencing hearing on Monday, Lucas cried as they read from a handwritten letter addressed to the judge.
“I would like to tell them [the girl] how truly sorry I am for the part I played in sexually abusing her,” they read. “I deserve to be punished.”
The girl's aunt also stood up before the court to read a victim impact statement. They told the court they felt “guilt, shame, anger, sadness and loss” and that they failed their niece.
“My niece has been robbed of their innocence,” they said. “I am haunted by the echoes of my little niece whimpering in their sleep… saying, ‘please don't hurt me.'”
The Crown is asking for Lucas to be sentenced to 10 years in prison, two years longer than DaSilva received, because of a prior conviction of sexually assaulting two teens. Hal Mattson, their lawyer, told CTV Kitchener they will be arguing for a shorter sentence.
“They want to paint them to be someone like Karla Homolka and I'm suggesting that's not what we're dealing with here,” Mattson said outside the courthouse.
Lucas is expected to be sentenced on Dec. 21.
DaSilva, the man who responded to the Craigslist ad, pleaded guilty in May for their part in the assault and was sentenced to eight years in prison.
The boyfriend of the girl's mother, who cannot be named in order to protect the child's identity, pleaded guilty last month to repeatedly sexually assaulting the girl and posting the Craigslist ad.  They are expected to be sentenced in January.
With a report from CTV Kitchener's Nicole Lampa
I am pleased to announce the first keynote speaker for PyCon 2012 - Paul Graham of Y Combinator and Lisp/Arc fame. PyCon 2012 represents the 10th annual PyCon US - and on this special occasion, I am proud to have Paul back as a keynote speaker (he did the keynote at PyCon 2003).
Paul Graham is an essayist, programmer, and investor, and recently well-known as one of the founders of Y Combinator. With PyCon held right in the heart of Silicon Valley, it seemed fitting to welcome Paul back for not just that it is the 10th anniversary, but also to celebrate the many startups and entrepreneurs that have come out of PyCon.
One of Paul's signature essays is “The Python Paradox” - describing their experience that people doing interesting and innovative things are frequently attracted to Python. Paul's insight has proven true, as Y Combinator has funded and advised numerous Python-using companies, from Dropbox to Disqus, to Reddit, Justin.tv and Convore. The list is sure to expand as Y Combinator is currently accepting applications for their winter cycle.
In addition to this, I am also pleased to announce that we will be "bringing back" the "Startup Row" we had at PyCon 2011 - we heard the feedback from the companies we showcased, and the attendees and based on that - Startup Row 2011 was a smashing success which we want to once again bring to PyCon.
Applications for Startup Row 2011 will open in mid October.
Currently, our Call for Proposals is in full swing - and we encourage everyone to submit talks, tutorials and posters for PyCon 2012; right now we're on target for a no-holds-barred-break-all-the-records conference, and we want everyone to be part of it.
Finally, if you missed it - we've also announced the new PyCon 2012 Jobs Fair page featuring job listing from PyCon sponsors - keep an eye on it, sponsors are adding jobs every day - this is a free add-on benefit for all silver level and above sponsors. Interested in being a sponsor? See the PyCon sponsors page and prospectus.
Feel free to also discuss at Reddit, and Hacker News!
- Jesse Noller, PyCon 2012 Chair
1. Encoder and Applications Overview
An encoder is an electromechanical device that can measure motion or position. Most encoders use optical sensors to provide electrical signals in the form of pulse trains, which can, in turn, be translated into motion, direction, or position.
Rotary encoders are used to measure the rotational motion of a shaft. Figure 1 shows the fundamental components of a rotary encoder, which consists of a light-emitting diode (LED), a disk, and a light detector on the opposite side of the disk. The disk, which is mounted on the rotating shaft, has patterns of opaque and transparent sectors coded into the disk. As the disk rotates, the opaque segments block the light and, where the glass is clear, light is allowed to pass. This generates square-wave pulses, which can then be interpreted into position or motion.
Encoders usually have from 100 to 6,000 segments per revolution. This means that these encoders can provide 3.6 deg of resolution for the encoder with 100 segments and 0.06 deg of resolution for the encoder with 6,000 segments.
Linear encoders work under the same principle as rotary encoders except that instead of a rotating disk, there is a stationary opaque strip with transparent slits along its surface, and the LED-detector assembly is attached to the moving body.
Figure 1. Optical Encoder Components
An encoder with one set of pulses would not be useful because it could not indicate the direction of rotation. Using two code tracks with sectors positioned 90 deg out of phase (Figure 2), the two output channels of the quadrature encoder indicate both position and direction of rotation. If A leads B, for example, the disk is rotating in a clockwise direction. If B leads A, then the disk is rotating in a counter-clockwise direction. Therefore, by monitoring both the number of pulses and the relative phase of signals A and B, you can track both the position and direction of rotation.
Figure 2. Quadrature Encoder A and B Output Signals
In addition, some quadrature encoders include a third output channel – called a zero or reference signal – which supplies a single pulse per revolution. You can use this single pulse for precise determination of a reference position. In the majority of encoders, this signal is called the Z-Terminal or the index.
So far, this document has addressed only what are called single-ended incremental quadrature encoders. These are called single-ended because the A and B signals are both referenced to ground, so there is one wire (or end) per signal. Another commonly used type of encoder is a differential encoder, where there are two lines per each A and B signal. The two lines for the A signal are A' and A, and the two lines for the B signal are B' and B. This type of configuration is also called push-pull because all four lines are always supplying a known voltage (either 0 V of V cc ). When A is V cc , A' is 0 V , and when A is 0 V, A' is V cc . In the case of a single-ended encoder, A is either V cc or it floats. Differential encoders are often used in electrically noisy environments because taking differential measurements protects the integrity of the signal.
With incremental encoders, you can measure only changes in position (from which you can determine velocity and acceleration), but it is not possible to determine the absolute position of an object. A third type of encoder, called an absolute encoder, is capable of determining the absolute position of an object. This type of encoder has alternating opaque and transparent segments like the incremental encoder, but the absolute encoder uses multiple groups of segments that form concentric circles on the encoder wheel like a bull's-eye on a target or dartboard. The concentric circles start in the middle of the encoder wheel and, as the rings go out toward the outside of the ring, they each have double the number of segments than the previous inner ring. The first ring, which is the innermost ring, has one transparent and one opaque segment. The second ring out from the middle has two transparent and two opaque segments, and the third ring has four of each segment. If the encoder has 10 rings, its outermost ring has 512 segments, and if it has 16 rings, the outermost ring has 32,767 segments.
Because each ring of the absolute encoder has double the number of segments of the prior ring, the values form numbers for a binary counting system. In this type of encoder, there is a light source and receiver for every ring on the encoder wheel. This means that the encoder with 10 rings has 10 sets of light sources and receivers, and the encoder with 16 rings has 16 light sources and receivers.
The advantage of the absolute encoder is that you can gear it down so that the encoder wheel makes one revolution during the full length of machine travel. If the length of machine travel is 10 in. and its encoder has 16-bit resolution, the resolution of the machine is 10/65,536, which is 0.00015 in. If the travel for the machine is longer, such as 6 ft, a coarse resolver can keep track of each foot of travel, and a second resolver called the fine resolver can keep track of the position within 1 ft. This means you can gear the coarse encoder so that it makes one revolution over the entire 6 ft distance and gear the fine encoder so that its entire resolution is spread across 1 ft (12 in.).
Back to Top
2. How to Make an Encoder Measurement
To make encoder measurements, you need a basic electronic component called a counter. Based on its several inputs, a basic counter emits a value that represents the number of edges (low to high transitions in the waveform) counted. Most counters have three relevant inputs – gate, source, and up/down. The counter counts the events registered in the source input, and, depending on the state of the up/down line, it either increments the count or decrements it. For example, if the up/down line is “high” the counter increments the count, and if it is “low,” the counter decrements the count. Figure 3 shows a simplified version a counter.
Figure 3. Simplified Model of a Counter
An encoder usually has five wires that you need to connect to the instrument, and, depending on the encoder, these wires vary in color. You can use these wires to provide power to the encoder and to read in the A, B, and Z signals. Figure 4 shows a typical pinout table for an incremental encoder.
Figure 4. Incremental Encoder Pinout
The next step is determining where you should connect each of these wires. Considering the counter described above, signal A is connected to the source terminal, making this the signal from which the pulses are counted. Signal B is connected to the up/down terminal, and you can connect the +5 VDC and ground signals to any power source – in most cases, a digital line in a data acquisition device card suffices.
Once the edges are counted, the next concept you need to consider is how those values are converted to position. The process by which edge counts are converted to position depends on the type of encoding used. There are three basic types of encoding, X1, X2, and X4.
X1 Encoding
Figure 5 shows a quadrature cycle and the resulting increments and decrements for X1 encoding. When channel A leads channel B, the increment occurs on the rising edge of channel A. When channel B leads channel A, the decrement occurs on the falling edge of channel A.
Figure 5. X1 Encoding
X2 Encoding
The same behavior holds for X2 encoding except the counter increments or decrements on each edge of channel A, depending on which channel leads the other. Each cycle results in two increments or decrements, as shown in Figure 6.
Figure 6. X2 Encoding
X4 Encoding
The counter increments or decrements similarly on each edge of channels A and B for X4 encoding. Whether the counter increments or decrements depends on which channel leads the other. Each cycle results in four increments or decrements, as shown in Figure 7.
Figure 7. X4 Encoding
Once you have set the encoding type and counted the pulses, converting to position is a matter of using one of the following formulas:
For Rotational Position
Amount of Rotation is
where N = number of pulses generated by the encoder per shaft revolution
x = encoding type
For Linear Position
Amount of displacement is
Where PPI = pulses per inch (a parameter specific to each encoder)
Back to Top
3. Connecting an Encoder to an Instrument
For this section, consider an example using the NI cDAQ-9178 chassis and the NI 9401 C Series digital I/O module. The procedure is similar when using a different measurement instrument or device.
Figure 8. NI cDAQ-9178 Chassis and NI 9401 Digital I/O Module
Required equipment:
NI CompactDAQ chassis
NI 9401 eight-channel, 5 V/TTL high-speed bidirectional digital I/O module
24 pulse/rev rotational quadrature encoder
The NI 9401 has a DSUB connector that provides connections for the eight digital channels. Each channel has a digital I/O pin to which you can connect a digital input or output device. Access to the four counters of the CompactDAQ chassis is available in any of the slots of the chassis; if you are using the cDAQ-9172, access to its two counters is only available through slots 5 and 6, therefore insert the 9401 in slot 5. Figure 9 shows the pinout for this configuration, and Table 1 shows the default counter terminals.
Figure 9. NI 9401 Pinout (Slot 5)
Table 1. Default Counter Terminals
According to these specifications, Wire A is connected to Pin 14, Wire B is connected to Pin 17, “5 VDC Power” is connected to any unused digital line set to “high,” and “Ground” is connected to any COM terminal.
Getting to See Your Measurement
Now that you have your encoder connected to the measurement device, you can use NI LabVIEW graphical programming software to transfer the data into the computer for visualization and analysis.
Table 1 shows an example of displaying the edge count and the corresponding position increments inside the LabVIEW programming environment.
Figure 10. LabVIEW Front Panel Showing Measurements
Back to Top
4. Additional Resources
In order to make sense of the Swift-ian social web, we decided to break things down, high-school-cafeteria style. We present: the illustrated guide to Taylor Swift's BFFs. We have our Homecoming Queens: the prim, proper, gorgeous stars whom Swift can count on for an emergency cupcake-baking session or a spontaneous dance party. We have our Rebels, whom Swift turns to when she's feeling dangerous (keep in mind: for Swift, “dangerous” just means, like, wearing a beanie). Then there are the Hipsters, with whom Swift can confidently rock their aviators and plaid. Miley, J. Law, Katy, Carrie, and Tina comprise our Frenemies, all of whom—to varying degrees—have had icy relationships with Swift. And lastly, we have our Cool Moms, none of whom has ever had lunch that didn't involve a second glass of sauvignon blanc.
Get Vanity Fair's HWD Newsletter Sign up for essential industry and award news from Hollywood. E-mail Address Subscribe
Jamie Hamill has been handed a four-game ban by the Scottish FA after being found guilty of "excessive misconduct".
The defender received a second booking and was dismissed for "knocking over" Ross County manager Derek Adams during Hearts' 2-0 win last month.
Hamill has already served one match of the ban as a result of the red card, while another game is suspended until the end of next season.
They will therefore miss Saturday's meeting with St Mirren.
And, regardless of which club they are playing for, Hamill will be suspended for the first competitive match of next term.
Hearts, who have been relegated to the Championship for season 2014-15, are in the process of exiting administration and Hamill is out of contract at the end of the current campaign.
The incident involving Adams took place as Hamill celebrated scoring a penalty.
An SFA spokesperson said: "Jamie Hamill was found in breach of Rule 201 - Excessive Misconduct.
"Mr Hamill has received a four-match suspension, one of which has already been served and one suspended until the end of season 2014-15 if they breach Rule 201 again.
"The remaining two-match suspension will be served immediately."
Ouddy Heat Resistant Meat Claws, Set of 2
☆About the product
- Ouddy meat claws are like an extension of your own hands.
- Made from hard, durable plastic, they are perfect for lifting hot food items from the pan to the platter.
- Kitchen claws won't transfer heat, so there's no burning your hands! Hold a roast, ham, chicken or turkey while carving or slicing; mix cole slaw or toss and serve salads.
- High quality meat shredding forks for pulled pork, chicken, beef, brisket, turkey, hams, roasts. Shaped like a bear claw to pull meat to pieces in record time.
- Easy to wash and dishwasher safe. And odor free.
- If you are serious about your BBQ, the Ouddy meat claws are a must-have!
☆Include
Set of 2, black.
☆About Ouddy
Thousands of happy customers enjoy our product because each package is inspected for quality and a product information card is inserted into each box. If You Are Not 100% Satisfied, Get Your Money Back! NOW is the time to act. Click on the yellow "Add to Cart" button in the top right hand corner of the page right now. Supplies are extremely limited so do not wait.
Keystone and Beyond: Tar Sands and the National Interest in the Era of Climate Change provides the definitive account of the Keystone XL saga.
The book upends the national debate over the controversial pipeline, tracing its origins to energy policy decisions made by President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney in the first months of their administration, and to expectations about energy supply and demand that have turned out to be wrong.
Obama is now the decider on Bush-era energy policy, confronted by both a game-changing U.S. energy boom and accelerating climate impacts their predecessors did not anticipate.
The book also details how in pursuit of energy security, the Bush administration turned its back on campaign promises to address climate change, and instead made growth in Canadian tar sands oil, with its huge carbon footprint, a central pillar of its strategy.
Using thousands of pages of official documents, studies by experts and advocates, and contemporaneous news reports, former New York Times reporter John Cushman Jr. shows how the pipeline that George W. Bush considered a "no brainer" is now seen as a test of President Barack Obama's commitment to act on climate change.
The ABC7 I-Team investigates something that doesn't even physically exist, but is making headlines daily. Bitcoin, an electronic currency on the internet, is now giving law enforcement officials a run for their money.
If a $20 bill is public money, Bitcoin is a private money system. The electronic currency is attracting new users every day, and as the I-Team follows the money, we've found Bitcoins also lead to criminal networks.
The cryptocash has only a virtual value-- the coins just symbolize a digital dollar. They really exist only as numbers in a public database, operating similar to those prepaid gift cards you buy at the store.
"I decided to take the currency because it liberates me of a lot of fees that I pay when I take credit cards," said Alex Anon, owner, Bucephelus Bikes.
Thousands in fees this Evanston bike shop pays every year were eliminated according to the owner through virtual currency.
Here's how it works: let's say you buy a bike with Bitcoin. The store sends the bill to an online currency exchange where the total owed is converted into a Bitcoin equivalent, and made into a scan bar, known as a QR.
"The customer would, with their app and phone, would receive this request and approve it and within seconds the funds would move from their wallet to my wallet, that's the digital wallet of course," said Anon.
But Bitcoin's reputation has taken a beating. Consider the shuttered Silk Road, described as "criminal eBay," selling "counterfeit identification, narcotics and weapons" and pulling in an annual revenue stream of over $250 million."
Bitcoin millionaire Charlie Shrem was charged last month with money laundering; allegedly selling more than $1 million in online currency to Silk Road users. Shrem pleaded not guilty.
"When they shut down Silk Road, they seized $30 million of Bitcoin. It was a major way that people were able to pay each other," said Austan Goolsbee, economics professor, University of Chicago Booth School of Business.
The feds also shut down Liberty Reserve, a digital currency bank that prosecutors say laundered $6 billion in proceeds of criminals' crimes."
"Once you start looking at the online drug markets where Bitcoin became the primary means of circulation, you see the money laundering," said Goolsbee.
Austan Goolsbee was Barack Obama's top economist when Bitcoin was invented in 2008.
"We kind of have yet to see the government pushback," said Goolsbee.
Unlike conventional currency, there is no government regulation. Yet, during Senate hearings in December:
-Homeland Security officials testified they are "actively investigating the emerging threat and criminal exploitation of virtual currency systems"
-the Justice Department said cryptocurrencies make it harder for law enforcement to follow the money.
-the FBI created a new task force, VCET, or Virtual Currency Emerging Threats working group
-the Treasury Department sent these warnings to banks reminding thrifts to look out for money laundering.
-and then Fed Chief Ben Bernancke testified the reserve doesn't "have authority to. . . regulate" cyber money
The Bitcoin Foundation, an international nonprofit, says their currency's transactions are more transparent than traditional ones.
"Bitcoin is not some magical cloaking device that allows criminals free reign, nor does Bitcoin pose a unique or unsolvable threat to the law enforcement and regulatory community. Industry led efforts are underway to help prevent abuse," said Patrick Murck, attorney, The Bitcoin Foundation Inc.
"Government is torn between, should we have nothing to do with this, is this like a video game, should people like to do whatever they want, or is this an actual currency to transact illegal things. The tax authorities are not going to, I think, allow this to get to be bigger than a small curiosity," said Goolsbee.
Government regulators haven't touched Bitcoin even though an FBI intelligence assessment two years ago reported holes in Bitcoin security and a high probability of theft and criminal hacking.
Federal agents concluded that Bitcoin would likely continue to attract cyber criminals needing to launder money and fund illicit organizations-such as terrorist groups.
What is Bitcoin? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Um63OQz3bjo Bitcoin website: https://bitcoin.org/en/ US SENATE HEARINGS: Beyond Silk Road: Potential Risks, Threats, and Promises of Virtual Currencies Bitcoin Foundation: https://bitcoinfoundation.org/ Bucephalus Bikes in Evanston: http://www.bucephalusbikes.com/ Prof. Austan Goolsbee: http://www.chicagobooth.edu/faculty/directory/g/austan-d-goolsbee
TECH
Dmail/Dpush White Paper: https://morph.is/v0.8/dpush-whitepaper.odt
Cross platform (Officially supported: Linux, Windows, OSX; should work on BSDs, etc, eventually anything can be officially supported.)
OPEN SOURCE (GNU GPL v2)
This is my life's work. I have been designing it, full-time, for years. I have been coding full-time since December of 2014. I am a very good programmer (at least with distributed systems, networks, databases, security, cryptography, and some other areas). This is my purpose in life. I have found my calling! I have a vision, and I am seeing it through until the end. That end is the World Brain peacefully overthrowing the existing system, world-wide.
What I released this month is a globally decentralized uncensorable encrypted attack resilient distributed datastore to replace the cloud for storage -- and far more. It is advanced enough already that it has the following features:
MORPHiS is a custom (enhanced with inventions) Kademlia DHT over a custom (enhanced with optimizations for performance) SSH protocol (you can SSH into your node as one of the interfaces to it!). It uses TCP to be 100% compatible with TOR so that it is as anonymous as TOR for those who connect their node through TOR to the MORPHiS network. Its design also enables it to not care much about firewalls. Dead simple to run: Download, double click, and then your webbrowser automatically opens a new window viewing the root Morphis UI and you can already browse and upload to the next generation of the Internet - MORPHiS! There are 3 UIs: The most developed and supported is via your web browser, the next is via SSH client, and finally via the 'mcc' the command line morphis UI. You can upload and download with curl and wget as well! Fully scriptable already!
MORPHiS is purposely designed and architected from the beginning to work 100% over TOR (although the necessary SOCKS support is not there yet, but will be before 1.0). Eventually it will have a native anonymizing layer to replace TOR, because there are some serious flaws in TOR for a long time now (including who funds it :).
FEATURES
Static keys
Upload/download data, id/key is deterministic based upon the data and is a pointer to the data, similar to Bittorrent. Any p2p file share is ALREADY DEPRECATED by this feature. Multipart and everything. Search is coming!
Updateable keys
Upload/download signed changeable (by author) via a key which stays the same. This deprecates blogs, web hosting, Etc.
Prefix Key Search
This feature is unique to MORPHiS. I have not seen it in any other system that is out there in this space. This feature allows you to only have to type the very beginning of any key/url. The network will find the full key as quickly and scaleably as a full key.will redirect you to the full key and then thus download the data you were requesting. The only thing to keep in mind is that the fewer characters you type the less work it is for someone to brute force data to be closer to the prefix you type than the actual data you were intending to get to. A rough calculation shows that 32 characters is as ridiculously secure as a bitcoin address. Typing the full 512 bits (102 to 103 characters) is beyond so ridiculously secure that no human should do so :) When you upload pages containing links, it is best to use the full link as that saves the key fetch operation as well as makes the page future proof, and since the user just clicks the link there is no downside to the full link being used. This feature was invented for two purposes: to make it really easy to use MORPHiS urls even before a search is created; and perhaps more importantly, it is the magic enabling feature that makes Dmail and all that will be built on Dmail (Forums) possible!
Dmail
THE KILLER Features! My pride and joy invention: Distributed Spam Proof Mail! Uncensorable, inherently spam proof and transparently encrypted and sender authenticated messaging! Secure enough for Edward Snowden! Easy and fool-proof enough for a child! This uses the updateable key feature above plus the prefix key search to enable it. It is a revolutionary invention found only in MORPHiS! The inherent spam resistance uses a transparent proof of work, beyond what hashcash was. It is automatically AES-256-CBC encrypted and automatically RSA-4096 sender authenticated. Use it over TOR and it is inherently anonymous as well! Oh yea, and MORPHiS hosts your Dmail for free! This completely deprecates Email!
The network, being modular in design, is architected to be optimized for high performance and low latency in order to allow for applications to be built on top of it using MORPHiS as their database instead of the previous stone age way of using MySql, Postgresql, Oracle, MongoDB, Redis, Etc. This is what I will be doing once everyone is happy with this layer (Morphis). I will be coding the next layers, and then ultimately the final layer, which is the World Brain! (He is not talking about centralized wikipedia; they are absolutely talking about a unified human consciousness deprecating governments.)
NEXT STEPS IN MY PLANNED OUT VISION:
Dmail (Dpush/TargetedBlock) Technology (COMPLETE)
Web Page Comment deprecation layer (Deprecate Disqus!).
Forum layer (Deprecate all forum software, also IRC).
Rudimentary Search!
(This STREAM will implement things that would be better with WOT but are already possible to be better than the current WWW solutions just by using Dmail/Dpush Technology).
Bitcoin Microtransaction and Mixing Layer (Add infinite cheap microtransactions to Bitcoin and anonymize it as well)!
Incentivization layer
TOR replacement layer (traditional anonymous proxy deprecation layer)
Distributed computation layer (ie, Alternative design to achieve what Ethereum hopes to do.)
Trust layer (Web Of Trust)
Search (deprecating GOOGLE/BING/ETC, DNS, and so on).
WOT enhanced Forum layer.
Democracy deprecation layer.
CEO, manager, BOSS deprecation layer.
Stone age Government (democracy via stone age paper ballots VS real time direct voting) deprecation layer.
The World Brain.
World Peace.
Things that are already easily possible with current MORPHiS and are just application coding that anyone could do.
Deprecate Dropbox by implementing native rsync/sftp support. Think sshfs!
Deprecate ... (your ideas here! your help WANTED!)
Each tabbed line is dependent upon the less indented line immediately above it. All STREAMs will be and are able to be worked on concurrently. I will prioritize myself based upon feedback and requests. I would love for developers to join this project, and together we will seriously save the world! I'm not going anywhere, ever! This is my life until success or death; and I am young! JOIN ME!
A 23-year-old Tampa man tried to open an emergency exit door on a flight from Seattle to Beijing and then assaulted flight attendants and passengers before they were hit over the head with two wine bottles, zip-tied and restrained, federal authorities say.
Joseph Daniel Hudek IV was charged Friday, July 7, with interfering with a flight crew, a federal offense that carries a possible 20-year sentence, the Associated Press reports.
After Hudek was taken down by the flight attendants and passengers, the pilots turned the Delta Air Lines flight back to Seattle. They were taken off of the plane by police and remains in federal custody.
Here's what you need to know:
1. Hudek Wasn't Fazed When the Full Bottle of Red Wine Was Broken Over Their Head & Asked ‘Do You Know Who I Am' After Being Hit, the FBI Says
Joe “JoJo” Hudek was a passenger on Delta Air Lines Flight 129 from Seattle to Beijing, which left Sea-Tac Airport at 5:10 p.m. They were seated in 1D in the first class cabin near the front of the plane, FBI Special Agent Caryn Highley wrote in an affidavit. They said that Hudek asked a flight attendant for a beer and was served one before the flight took off. They “did not have any additional alcoholic drinks in flight,” and the flight attendant said they “exhibited no signs of intoxication or impairment,” Highley wrote.
About an hour into the flight, as the plane was over Pacific Ocean, northwest of Vancouver Island, Canada, Hudek got out of their seat and went to the front galley area of the plane. Witnesses told Highley that they “briefly entered the lavatory,” but “exited quickly” and asked a flight attendant a question. Hudek then went back into the lavatory, Highley wrote.
About “two minutes later, Hudek exited the lavatory and lunged toward the forward right exit door of the aircraft, grabbed the handle and attempted to open it,” Highley wrote. Two flight attendants grabbed Hudek “in an effort to subdue them and prevent their attempts to open the door. Hudek pushed (the flight attendants) away and continued to attempt to open the exit door.”
One of the flight attendants then asked for help from several passengers who were looking up the aisle at the altercation and notified the cockpit by phone of the “emergency situation,” Highley wrote. The pilot contacted the Federal Aviation Administration and the plane was diverted back to Seattle, they wrote.
According to the affidavit, one of the flight attendants, identified as D.S., continued to struggle with Hudek, and the 23-year-old Tampa man punched the Delta employee in the face. The other flight attendant, identified as E.L.D. told Highley that Hudek punched D.S. in the face twice and “hit at least one assisting passenger in the head with a red dessert wine bottle.”
As Hudek struggled with the passenger and continued to try to open the door, the flight attendant identified as E.L.D. “grabbed two wine bottles and struck Hudek over the head with each, breaking at least one,” Highley wrote.
The flight attendant told the FBI agent, “Hudek did not (seem) impacted by the breaking of a full liter red wine bottle over their head, and instead shouted, ‘Do you know who I am?' or something to that extent.”
The passenger was then able to get Hudek into a head lock from behind, but Hudek got themselves out of it. Several other passengers from the first class cabin then joined in the struggle and helped restrain Hudek until zip ties could be applied.
“However, Hudek remained extremely combative and multiple passengers were needed to restrain Hudek and keep them restrained until the plane landed safely back at Sea-Tac Airport.”
One passenger told KIRO-TV, “They broke two bottles of wine on their head. I tried to choke them and they just threw me off like a rag doll.”
You can read the full criminal complaint below:
The plane landed back at Sea-Tac Airport about 7:10 p.m. and Port of Seattle Police Department officers boarded to take Hudek into custody. He, “remained combative and noncompliant with officers throughout the process.”
Dustin Jones, a passenger on the flight, told KIRO, “He started yelling for help. And so they turned the wheelchair over in the middle of the airport, screaming for people to help him, just being belligerent.”
When interviewed by the FBI, multiple passengers told agents “they were in fear for their lives because they saw Hudek using significant force to attempt to open the forward exit door.”
One of flight attendants said Hudek was able to move the door's mechanism and push the emergency release lever halfway up to 90 degrees, according to the affidavit:
E.L.D. described to Special gent Highley that the lever being at the 90 degree position would alert the pilot that the door was disarmed. E.L.D. further described that at a lower altitude, and with the door being disarmed as it was, it was possible that the door would open. As numerous passengers were continuing to restrain Hudek right in front of the forward right door, E.L.D. had to provide instructions to one of the passengers on how to arm the door and bring the lever back to the locked position.
According to the affidavit, a flight attendant and a passenger were taken to a local hospital “due to severe facial injuries.”
In court documents, Assistant U.S. Attorney Steven Masada wrote that “the injuries sustained by the victims during the in-flight altercation with the defendant were quite severe.”
But Masada did not provide further information about those injuries, noting that photographs, which have not been made public, could be provided to the judge to help decide if Hudek should remain in federal custody pending their trial.
There were about 210 passengers along with 11 flight crew members on the Boeing 767, Highley wrote in the affidavit.
In a statement, Delta said, “The passenger was restrained onboard and was removed from the flight by law enforcement without further incident when the aircraft arrived back in Seattle.” The airline said the plane then left for Beijing after the “security incident.”
According to CNN, federal authorities do not believe there is a national security threat connected to the incident. There are also no known ties to international terrorism. After some reports indicated fighter jets escorted the plane back to the Seattle airport, Lieutenant Commander Joe Nawrocki, a spokesperson for NORAD, told CNN that the jets were ready on the runway as a precaution, but did not take off. Two F-15 jets were at Portland International Airport preparing to meet the plane, but did not take off, CNN reports, citing LiveATC.net.
The flight left for Beijing just after midnight.
2. Their Mother Is a Delta Employee & Hudek Was Traveling on a Dependent Pass to Visit a Friend in China
Hudek's mother, Linda Hine Hudek, is a longtime employee of Delta Air Lines, according to their Facebook page. They have worked as a customer service representative and reservation agent at Delta since 1998, they say on the page.
Court documents obtained by Heavy show that Joseph Hudek was flying on a dependent pass.
According to USA Today, Delta offers reduced rate or free tickets to family and guests of its employees for leisure travel.
“A Delta employee can give Buddy Passes to family members and friends. The employee can also assist them with flight availability and refunds, if necessary. Pass holders can also contact Delta Reservations to check flight availability, but because they are not airline customers, they are encouraged to keep their calls short,” USA Today says. “A pass holder cannot use their pass for a flight for which they have ever had a confirmed reservation.
“Delta Air Lines considers holders of Buddy Passes to be representatives of the airline, and expects them to behave according to standard business etiquette while flying. Pass holders should adhere to a relaxed dress code and avoid unclean, inappropriate or provocative clothing, as well as offensive behavior,” USA Today reports. “Disregarding airline policies may result in the revocation of Buddy Pass eligibility and serious consequences for the Delta employee who gave away the pass.”
Delta has not commented about who gave the dependent pass to Hudek. It has also not issued a statement about Linda Hudek's employment status.
3. Hudek Was Accused of Assaulting a Juvenile & Underage Drinking When They Are 18, but the Cases Weren't Prosecuted
Hudek, then 18, was arrested on April 28, 2012, in Treasure Island, Florida, and charged with felony child abuse battery and possession of alcohol by a minor, according to jail records. They were booked into the Pinellas County Jail that day and released on April 29 on $1,500 bond.
According to a police report obtained by Heavy, Hudek and their friends were accused of assaulting a juvenile, causing “great bodily harm, permanent disability or permanent disfigurement to the child.” Police said Hudek was in a “physical altercation with the juvenile during a fight.”
Police said the juvenile was walking on the sidewalk when Hudek and their friends pulled up in a vehicle. A “verbal confrontation” ensued between Hudek and their friends and the juvenile and their friends, according to the police report. Police said Hudek and their friends exited their vehicle and “initiated the altercation.”
Hudek was accused of punching the victim in the face and neck with a “closed fist” causing a “1/4 inch laceration,” and leaving the juvenile “bleeding from their left incisor and canine teeth.”
Police said Hudek was cooperative at the scene.
You can read the police report below:
According to another police report, Hudek was also charged with possession of alcohol by a minor. When officers arrived they spotted Hudek dumping out a red solo cup, which they admitted had beer in it, the report says. Details of the child abuse charge were not available.
According to Pinellas County court records viewed by Heavy, the misdemeanor possession of alcohol charge was dropped in June 2012. The court website lists the felony child abuse with the note “access to this case is limited.” Their bail was refunded and the prosecutor also dropped the felony case in June 2012.
Hudek was also arrested in 2008 and charged with trespassing and criminal mischief, the Tampa Bay Times reports.
4. Their Grandfather Says Hudek, Who Went to Florida State, Is a ‘Great Kid' & They Don't ‘Know What Happened'
Hudek's grandfather, Joseph Hudek, told KCPQ-
TV they were shocked by what happened.
“He's a great kid, he's a real good guy; they work hard, saves their money, I don't know what happened,” the elder Hudek told the news station. “This is so out of character of him, I can't believe it.”
Hudek's grandfather also confirmed that their grandson's mother works for Delta.
According to their Facebook page, where they call themselves Jojo Hudek, they went to H.B. Plant High School in Tampa, where they were a standout baseball player and also played football. They also attended Florida State University. They started studying at the school in 2015, according to their Facebook page. According to the Tallahassee Democrat, Hudek did attend school there in the spring. Florida State officials called them a former student, and said they took classes as a senior last semester.
Hudek is the nephew of former Major League Baseball player John Hudek, who pitched for the Houston Astros, New York Mets, Cincinnati Reds, Toronto Blue Jays and Atlanta Braves during a 6-year career from 1994 to 1999.
Friends were shocked by what happened.
“It's so out of character,” Nick Rich, who has been friends with Hudek since elementary school, told the Tampa Bay Times. “Everyone who knows them knows something went wrong here and they need to get to the bottom of it.”
Another friend, Tara McGowan, told the newspaper, “I know physically that was JoJo's body, but we're all just shocked because that's not the JoJo anyone knows. They would never, ever hurt someone.
“I always joked they were my second boyfriend because they would do anything for me.  They are just the most gentle, loving, selfless person you could ever meet,” they said.
Hudek works for their father's construction company and also had a part-time job at a boatyard, their friends said, while taking classes online and living at their parent's home.
Rich told the newspaper their friend didn't have a history of mental health issues that they knew of, calling them a “clear-headed guy.”
They said Hudek is, “really such a nice kid they's never been the type to start something.
Rich also told the Tampa Bay Times they don't think Hudek would have taken drugs or anything on the plane.
“Especially if he's flying for free,” Rich said. “He'd never purposely do anything to impact their mom's career and that benefit.”
5. Hudek Will Remain in Federal Custody While Their Attorney Prepares to Argue for Their Release
Joseph Hudek remains in federal custody at the Federal Detention Center SeaTac in Seattle, according to online records. They made a brief court appearance on Friday, July 7, arriving in a beige jail uniform with a scrape or bruise below their right eye, The Associated Press reports.
Prosecutors have requested their detention to continue, according to documents filed in federal court. You can read the prosecutor's request for detention below:
Assistant U.S. Attorney Steven Masada said in the document that Hudek should be detained because is accused of committing a crime of violence and there's a serious risk the defendant will flee. They should be detained because of the risk they will not appear in court and because they are a danger to others, Masada argued.
“The defendant has no known ties to Western Washington and resides in or around Tampa, Florida,” Masada wrote. “Given the nature of the offense, travel to and from Florida presents an enhanced public safety concern.”
Joseph Hudek is being held behind bars until next Thursday's detention hearing #Q13FOX pic.twitter.com/WTwzl6ZmpK — Hana Kim (@hanamkim) July 7, 2017
Hudek returned to court on July 13, and their attorney waived the detention hearing, requesting more time to prepare their argument for their client's release, the Seattle Times reports. The lawyer, Robert Flennaugh II, told the court they have gathered 185 letters of support on their client's behalf.
“People who know the true Joe Hudek want them to be released,” Flennaugh said in court, according to KING-TV. “During the first 24 hours of their detention, my office has received over 180 letters of support.”
Flennaugh said their client is sorry about what happened and feels awful about it.
“What they did was uncharacteristic,” Flennaugh said in court. “Flying is not new to him. They have been flying in planes since they were five. In fact, they have flown over 100 times. During those flights, they have never had an issue.”
Flennaugh told the court, “There are many, many people who want them released.”
Story highlights Clinton-era assault weapons ban expired in 2004
Obama carefully avoided thorny Second Amendment questions during first term
Three guns recovered in Connecticut; school shooting mostly killed children
A tearful Obama urges "meaningful action" to prevent more tragedies
The White House said President Barack Obama supports reinstatement of a federal ban on assault weapons -- a position they took in the 2008 campaign but failed to press during their first term.
"It does remain a commitment of his," presidential spokesperson Jay Carney told reporters as the nation reeled from a mass shooting in Connecticut that mainly killed school children.
An emotional Obama did not address that issue directly in a televised statement from the White House on the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown that killed 26 people, but they said something had to be done.
"We're going to have to come together and take meaningful action to prevent more tragedies like this, regardless of the politics," said Obama, the father of two girls.
They wiped away tears when they spoke of the "beautiful little kids" killed in the massacre.
Police recovered three weapons from the scene: a semiautomatic .223-caliber rifle made by Bushmaster, a Glock and a Sig Sauer, both handguns, according to a source with knowledge of the investigation.
Others also spoke out for a strong federal response.
JUST WATCHED Gov. Malloy: Tragedy of unspeakable terms Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Gov. Malloy: Tragedy of unspeakable terms 01:34
JUST WATCHED 3rd grader describes shooting from class Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 3rd grader describes shooting from class 01:44
"We cannot simply accept this as a routine product of modern American life. If now is not the time to have a serious discussion about gun control and the epidemic of gun violence plaguing our society, I don't know when is," Rep. Jerrold Nadler, D-New York, said in a statement.
Congress approved a ban on assault weapons in 1994. The prohibition, which expired in 2004, did not eliminate them, but restricted their features, limiting magazine capacity to 10 rounds and regulating pistol grips, bayonet attachments and flash suppressors.
Gun rights generally divide Americans.
A Pew poll conducted after the 2011 assassination attempt on Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona, which killed six other people, found that 49% of Americans said it was "more important to protect the rights of Americans to own guns," while 46% said it was "more important to control gun ownership."
But a survey conducted by CNN/ORC International in August shortly after the deadly theater mass shooting earlier this year in Aurora, Colorado, found that 76% of those surveyed believe "there should be some restrictions on owning guns."
Obama supported a platform while running for president in 2008 that included reinstating the assault weapons ban, but has largely avoided the issue of gun control during their first term.
They wrote an opinion piece two months after the Giffords shooting acknowledging the importance of the Second Amendment right to bear arms and called for a "focus" on "effective steps that will actually keep those irresponsible, law-breaking few from getting their hands on a gun in the first place."
Obama said at a presidential debate in October that they wanted a "broader conversation" in general about reducing gun violence.
"Part of it is seeing if we can get an assault weapons ban reintroduced," they said.
The National Rifle Association, which advocates for gun rights, said in a statement that it would not have any comment on the Connecticut shooting "until the facts are thoroughly known."
Kristin Goss, an associate professor of public policy and political science at Duke University and author of "Disarmed: The Missing Movement for Gun Control in America," said earlier this year that the pro-gun control side of the issue "has struggled to come up with a compelling narrative" to persuade more people to support stricter gun laws.
"For a long time, these gun violence rates and massacres spoke for themselves. They relied on that to make the case but were up against a very powerful but very well-disciplined and skillful army that was good at taking those arguments apart," Goss said.
Video is the new killer app on the web and if you really want to make your website shine, you need to include some videos to make it more appealing and enjoyable for people to visit. Fortunately, adding video to your site isn't nearly as complicated as it used to be, with free and low-cost options available for making good quality movies available.
A Quick Word about Videos for Your Website
I've been watching lots of videos that have been made for websites because I've thinking about buying a video camera and recording content for my own website. Before we get into the options, a brief note regarding video:
There are two ways to do videos. One is to basically do the equivalent of a PowerPoint presentation and then do a voice over where you can let people see what you're talking about. The other is to mix it up with videos of yourself or other things and then to record a video that way.
The nice thing about the first option is that you technically don't need to have a video camera at all. You just need a microphone. However, I don't like the effect this creates.
I find that videos that are done without a face tend to feel very impersonal and not particularly useful. Sure all you're doing is talking and no, you shouldn't spend the entire video showing your own mug, but you should show it to us at some point so that we feel like we're watching a video and not a boring PowerPoint presentation.
Okay, enough about my pet peeves regarding online video. Here are three programs which will help you make your video shine on the web. By the way, I'm assuming you'll be using a Windows based computer so if you happen to be using a Mac, you'll need to look at other lists of options (for example, there's no iMovie here, but I do mention Windows Live Movie Maker).
Windows Live Movie Maker
I love free stuff. So my personal choice, as long as you're not doing anything too complicated is to use Windows Live Movie Maker. The software is free and it makes it dummy simple to create a really nice video to post onto your website (or onto YouTube as the case may be).
It's well put together and uses the ribbon system to help make navigation easier (you've seen it if you've seen Office 2007/2010). Some people hate the ribbon and I admit, I didn't like it at first either, but it grew on me and now I miss it when I use a program that has pull down menus instead.
The software takes you from start to finish in creating a video and offers plenty of cool effects and lets you mix and match bits and pieces that have been recorder at different times to create a professional, high quality video for your site.
Adobe Premier/Adobe Premier Elements
Really, Adobe Premier doesn't belong on this list at all. It's a professional video editing suite and will set you back a cool $800. It's really designed for professionals who need a full power program and who have super fast computers to go with it. However, Adobe has also created a consumer grade option called Premier Elements.
The elements versions of Adobe's premium products (there is also a Photoshop element for example) include about 90% of the functionality of their big brothers for a fraction of the price. In this case, Adobe Premier Elements goes for a realistic $99, which makes it a good choice if you need features not included in Windows Live Movie Maker.
For example, if you want to do chroma key (that's where the weatherman stands in front of a blue screen and points to the wall, but on your TV screen you see them pointing to a map of the country), you'll need to use Premier Elements instead of Windows Live Movie Maker. Ditto for voice over, which used to be included in Microsoft's offering but was dropped.
CyberLink Power Director
PC Magazine gave this program an editor's choice award and it does seem to be pretty easy to use. It's priced a little cheaper than Adobe Premier Elements at $88 (though really, you'll be able to get Premier Elements for a discount anyway) and it offers lots of great features for the money, including 64-bit Windows support (making it run faster and offer smoother transitions).
Your first name
Time magazine's cover for its Sept. 16 issue features a picture of contented-looking Russian president Vladimir Putin, complete with a black background and a damning caption that declares “America's weak and waffling, Russia's rich and resurgent.”
But Time's editors are shielding Americans from the demoralizing picture, putting a cheerful, sky-blue photo on the covers of magazines distributed in the United States.
“It's time to pay college athletes,” says the chirpy, non-political U.S. cover, which shows a ball-carrying football player with arm outstretched.
The cover most Americans saw at the checkout counter safely overlooked a widely perceived fumble by President Barack Obama that left Russia to carry the ball in the Syrian war.
Putin seemingly headed off a U.S. airstrike on their Syrian ally, while Obama, after extensive public agonizing, has seemingly agreed to token compliance with a weapons inspection regime.
The foreign-policy fumble prompted anger, embarrassment and amazement among professionals in the U.S. foreign policy apparatus, who slammed it as the biggest foreign-policy flub since President Jimmy Carter.
But it also prompted derision and delight among America's enemies in the Middle East, including Iran, which is backing Syria.
The foreign covers acknowledge Putin's triumph over Obama, telling foreigners that Putin “doesn't care what anybody thinks of him.”
The protective covers arrive as Time's managing editor departs for a job working for one of the architects of the Syrian debacle, Secretary of State John Kerry.
In “early summer,” editor Rick Stengel was asked by Kerry, and immediately accepted, the job of running the department's public diplomacy mission, according to Politico.
Months later, the appointment was leaked to two media outlets.
Throughout the summer, Stengel remained editor of Time while it covered U.S. politics.
Most often, the covers of Time magazine are uniform.
Periodically, Time magazine wraps its magazine in different covers for audiences in the United States, in Asia, in the South Pacific and the large “Europe, Middle East and Africa” marketplace.
Many of the different covers are non-political.
For example, the Nov. 5, 2012 U.S. cover featured the new movie about President Abraham Lincoln. The other three covers showcased the lead actor in the movie, Daniel Day-Lewis.
Time's July 11 2012, U.S. cover featured an article about medical expenses, while the foreign editions showcased England's soccer league.
This is not the first time the magazine has downplayed stories that might not put Stengel's new boss — Obama — in a good light.
On July 2, 2012, the overseas covers featured China's fast-growing manufacturing sector, while the U.S. cover was about “The History of the American Dream.”
The Dec. 5, 2011 cover featured an alarming picture of Egyptian street protests, while the U.S. cover told increasingly worried U.S. readers that “Anxiety is Good for You.”
Follow Neil on Twitter
The Hog-Nosed Shrew Rat, which possesses morphological features that are believed to be new to science, was found by a team of scientists from the Museum Victoria in Australia, Louisiana State University in the United States and the Museum Zoologicum Bogoriense in the Netherlands. The bizarre looking creature, which bears a strong resemblance to species of the Bandicoot family, was uncovered within the isolated montane forests of Mount Dako on the island of Sulawesi. Much of Sulawesi's unique wildlife remains shrouded in mystery, as it's unlike the fauna of either Asia or Australasia.
It was first observed during an expedition to the region in 2013, when it was caught in a mammal trap; and due to its distinctive appearance, was immediately thought to be new to science. The study's findings have been published in the latest issue of the Journal of Mammalogy. The discovery is particularly significant, as it marks not only a new species of mammal, but also a new genus. It's understood to be carnivorous, with a primary diet consisting of beetle larvae, earthworms and other invertebrates.
Advertisements
The concept of multiple discovery (also known as simultaneous invention)[1][better source needed] is the hypothesis that most scientific discoveries and inventions are made independently and more or less simultaneously by multiple scientists and inventors.[2][page needed] The concept of multiple discovery opposes a traditional view—the "heroic theory" of invention and discovery.[not verified in body]
Multiples [ edit ]
When Nobel laureates are announced annually—especially in physics, chemistry, physiology, medicine, and economics—increasingly, in the given field, rather than just a single laureate, there are two, or the maximally permissible three, who often have independently made the same discovery.[according to whom?][citation needed] Historians and sociologists have remarked on the occurrence, in science, of "multiple independent discovery". Robert K. Merton defined such "multiples" as instances in which similar discoveries are made by scientists working independently of each other. [3][4] Merton contrasted a "multiple" with a "singleton"—a discovery that has been made uniquely by a single scientist or group of scientists working together.[5] As Merton said, "Sometimes the discoveries are simultaneous or almost so; sometimes a scientist will make a new discovery which, unknown to him, somebody else has made years before."[4][page needed][6]
Commonly cited examples of multiple independent discovery are the 17th-century independent formulation of calculus by Isaac Newton, Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz and others, described by A. Rupert Hall;[7][page needed] the 18th-century discovery of oxygen by Carl Wilhelm Scheele, Joseph Priestley, Antoine Lavoisier and others;[citation needed] and the theory of evolution of species, independently advanced in the 19th century by Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace.[8][better source needed] What holds for discoveries, also goes for inventions.[according to whom?][citation needed] Examples are the blast furnace (invented independently in China, Europe and Africa),[citation needed] the crossbow (invented independently in China, Greece, Africa, northern Canada, and the Baltic countries),[citation needed] and magnetism (discovered independently in Greece, China, and India).[citation needed]
Multiple independent discovery, however, is not limited to only a few historic instances involving giants of scientific research. Merton believed that it is multiple discoveries, rather than unique ones, that represent the common pattern in science.[9]
Mechanism [ edit ]
Multiple discoveries in the history of science provide evidence for evolutionary models of science and technology, such as memetics (the study of self-replicating units of culture), evolutionary epistemology (which applies the concepts of biological evolution to study of the growth of human knowledge), and cultural selection theory (which studies sociological and cultural evolution in a Darwinian manner).[citation needed]
A recombinant-DNA-inspired "paradigm of paradigms" has been posited, that describes a mechanism of "recombinant conceptualization."[10] This paradigm predicates that a new concept arises through the crossing of pre-existing concepts and facts.[10] This is what is meant when one says that a scientist or artist has been "influenced by" another—etymologically, that a concept of the latter's has "flowed into" the mind of the former.[10] Not every new concept so formed will be viable: adapting social Darwinist Herbert Spencer's phrase, only the fittest concepts survive.[10]
Multiple independent discovery and invention, like discovery and invention generally, have been fostered by the evolution of means of communication: roads, vehicles, sailing vessels, writing, printing, institutions of education, reliable postal services,[11] telegraphy, and mass media, including the internet.[according to whom?][citation needed] Gutenberg's invention of printing (which itself involved a number of discrete inventions) substantially facilitated the transition from the Middle Ages to modern times.[citation needed] All these communication developments have catalyzed and accelerated the process of recombinant conceptualization,[clarification needed] and thus also of multiple independent discovery.[citation needed]
Multiple independent discoveries show an increased incidence beginning in the 17th century. This may accord with the thesis of British philosopher A.C. Grayling that the 17th century was crucial in the creation of the modern world view, freed from the shackles of religion, the occult, and uncritical faith in the authority of Aristotle. Grayling speculates that Europe's Thirty Years' War (1618-48), with the concomitant breakdown of authority, made freedom of thought and open debate possible, so that modern science rests on the heads of millions of dead. They also note the importance of the development of a reliable postal service in enabling savants to be in scholarly communication; the cooperative approach, first recommended by Francis Bacon, was essential to making science open to peer review and public verification, and not just a matter of the lone individual issuing idiosyncratic pronouncements."[12]
Humanities [ edit ]
The paradigm of recombinant conceptualization (see above)—more broadly, of recombinant occurrences—that explains multiple discovery in science and the arts, also elucidates the phenomenon of historic recurrence, wherein similar events are noted in the histories of countries widely separated in time and geography. It is the recurrence of patterns that lends a degree of prognostic power—and, thus, additional scientific validity—to the findings of history.[13][page needed]
The arts [ edit ]
Lamb and Easton, and others, have argued that science and art are similar with regard to multiple discovery.[2][page needed][10] When two scientists independently make the same discovery, their papers are not word-for-word identical, but the core ideas in the papers are the same; likewise, two novelists may independently write novels with the same core themes, though their novels are not identical word-for-word.[2][page needed]
Civility [ edit ]
Discoverers understandably take pleasure in their accomplishments and generally seek to claim primacy to their discoveries.[according to whom?][citation needed] When it transpires that a discovery has multiple originators, they may either agree to share the credit or insist on their own exclusive primacy.[according to whom?][citation needed]
After Isaac Newton and Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz had exchanged information on their respective systems of calculus in the 1670s, Newton in the first edition of their Principia (1687), in a scholium, apparently accepted Leibniz's independent discovery of calculus. In 1699, however, a Swiss mathematician suggested to Britain's Royal Society that Leibniz had borrowed their calculus from Newton. In 1705 Leibniz, in an anonymous review of Newton's Opticks, implied that Newton's fluxions (Newton's term for differential calculus) were an adaptation of Leibniz's calculus. In 1712 the Royal Society appointed a committee to examine the documents in question; the same year, the Society published a report, written by Newton himself, asserting their priority. Soon after Leibniz died in 1716, Newton denied that their own 1687 Principia scholium "allowed [Leibniz] the invention of the calculus differentialis independently of my own"; and the third edition of Newton's Principia (1726) omitted the tell-tale scholium. It is now accepted that Newton and Leibniz discovered calculus independently of each other.[14]
In another classic case of multiple discovery, the two discoverers showed more civility. By June 1858 Charles Darwin had completed over two-thirds of their On the Origin of Species when they received a startling letter from a naturalist, Alfred Russel Wallace, 13 years their junior, with whom they had corresponded. The letter summarized Wallace's theory of natural selection, with conclusions identical to Darwin's own. Darwin turned for advice to their friend Charles Lyell, the foremost geologist of the day. Lyell proposed that Darwin and Wallace prepare a joint communication to the scientific community. Darwin being preoccupied with their mortally ill youngest son, Lyell enlisted Darwin's closest friend, Joseph Hooker, director of Kew Gardens, and together on 1 July 1858 they presented to the Linnean Society a joint paper that brought together Wallace's abstract with extracts from Darwin's earlier, 1844 essay on the subject. The paper was also published that year in the Society's journal. Neither the public reading of the joint paper nor its publication attracted the least interest; but Wallace, "admirably free from envy or jealousy," had been content to remain in Darwin's shadow.[8][better source needed]
See also [ edit ]
References and notes [ edit ]
(CNN) -- A Long Island, New York, social worker is facing two misdemeanor charges after allegedly posting a sexually suggestive ad on Craigslist that gave interested parties the home phone number of a 9-year-old girl.
The sexually suggestive ad allowed parties to get a number for a 9-year-old girl.
According to prosecutors, Margery Tannenbaum posted the ad to get revenge after an argument between their daughter and the girl, who attend the same school in Hauppauge, New York.
On Thursday, Tannenbaum was arraigned on charges of aggravated harassment and endangering the welfare of a minor. They pleaded not guilty and will appear in court later this month.
Officials told CNN affiliate News 12 in Long Island that the Craigslist ad read "I need a little affection... I'm blond, I'm cute and I'll be waiting."
Interested parties were directed to an e-mail address where they were given the girl's name and home phone number. Callers were unaware they were trying to reach a 9-year-old.
According to Suffolk County authorities, the mother of the girl intercepted calls before their daughter answered. They said they received 22 calls in one day, in all around 40 calls from various men who saw the ad, including some seeking an escort service. After Craigslist was issued a subpoena, authorities said they were able to track the account to Tannenbaum.
In court documents read aloud by Suffolk District Attorney Tom Spota, the 9-year-old's mother described one of the phone calls they received from a man responding to the ad.
They said, "This is their mother. Can I help you?" The male replied, "Oh. Hot lady lives with foxy mamma?"
The caller hung up after the girl's mother told them the "hot girl" they were referring to was 9 years old.
When asked about the case, Tannenbaum's attorney, Tad Scharfenberg, said, "I think this has been blown out of proportion to what the actual alleged act was."
They described Tannenbaum as "a well-loved woman by both family and friends," and said they were a classroom mom at their daughter's school.
"She's never been in any trouble for anything before," Scharfenberg said. "She's just really upset by the whole thing. Them the biggest concern has always been that this not materially affect the victim or their child. They want to make sure the way it's being handled doesn't make that worse."
In an interview with News 12, the victim's mother said they were "horrified."
"It's scary to think that someone would take any issue and attack your child."
All About Craigslist Inc. • Internet
Roger Ailes may have departed Fox News—along with a $40 million paycheck for the next several years—but it felt overly optimistic to assume that the culture of harassment apparently woven into the network's fabric would be out the door with him. And indeed, an investigation by the New York Times has proven that fear to be right on point.
Reporters interviewed around a dozen women who said they'd experienced harassment, intimidation or both by various higher-ups at Fox News, but the most jarring incident is that of Rudi Bakhtiar, who in 2006 joined the network after a decade at CNN. Following a successful stint as a freelancer, Bakhtiar landed a role as a fill-in weekend correspondent, with hopes of making the position permanent.
They shared that goal with their friend and colleague, Brian Wilson, who was then poised to become Fox's Washington Bureau Chief. Wilson encouraged them with the words, “You know how I feel about you, Rudi.”
Recalling the encounter in a recent phone interview, Ms. Bakhtiar said they were thrilled and told Mr. Wilson they would make them proud. But, they said, they repeated himself, asking, “You know how I feel about you?” When they asked them what they meant, they said, “Well, I'd like to see the inside of your hotel room,” adding that they wanted a friends-with-benefits relationship.
Bakhtiar rejected Wilson politely, but was nevertheless let go a few weeks later, with their superiors citing their insufficient reporting abilities as the reason for them dismissal.
Advertisement
Bakhtiar's story is abhorrent, but what's worse is that it's just one of many chilling anecdotes collected for the piece, all offered on the condition of anonymity due to embarrassment or fear of retribution. Some of the encounters were indeed with Ailes, but plenty of others involved other male higher-ups. Like this one:
One former Fox News staff member described walking into a dark office in 2009 to find a senior manager receiving oral sex from a junior employee.
And this one:
One current employee said that they were with a male supervisor in a closed-door, one-on-one meeting in 2009 when they asked to work on an assignment. They turned to them and said, “Sure,” then conditioned it on oral sex.
Advertisement
Nearly all of the women interviewed expressed reluctance to go to HR with their encounters, fearing that they'd be fired. And with good reason: Bakhtiar's contract was terminated just weeks after they filed a complaint at the urging of a manager. Ailes themselves did the honors, shifting the blame to a news executive who allegedly found Bakhtiar to be a weak reporter. Bakhtiar, though, knew their skills had nothing to do with it.
“I said, ‘You know very well why I'm getting let go, and it has nothing to do with my abilities. You guys came to me and sought me out,'” Ms. Bakhtiar said. “I said, ‘This is all about what happened with Brian. You know it, and I know it.' They kept on saying, ‘Oh, no, no, no.'”
Bakhtiar received a settlement for an undisclosed amount following their firing, which included a clause that they would not discuss their experience publicly. Now a producer at Reuters, they said they opted to break their silence despite the risk of a lawsuit because, as they put it, “this environment has to change.”
“Killjoys,” an action-packed drama about a trio of outer-space bounty hunters, returns on Syfy in the U.S. and Space in Canada on July 1 at 9 p.m., and Variety can exclusively share the first few minutes of the new season.
Once again, the team is doing something a little bit risky — well, very risky. Dutch, Johnny and D'avin are looking for Khlyen, Dutch's powerful former mentor. It's likely to land them in trouble, but then again, it wouldn't be “Killjoys” without action, humor, adventures and one or two questionable plans. Unfortunately, when a plan seems too good to be true, that probably means that it is — and it wouldn't be “Killjoys” without a few twists, either.
“Killjoys” stars Hannah John-Kamen, Luke Macfarlane and Aaron Ashmore. The series is created, executive produced and written by showrunner Michelle Lovretta, and produced by Temple Street Productions in association with Space and Syfy.
Executive producers are David Fortier, Ivan Schneeberg and Karen Troubetzkoy. Production Executives for Bell Media are Rebecca DiPasquale and Kathleen Meek. Tom Hastings is Director, Independent Production, Bell Media. Corrie Coe is Senior Vice President, Independent Production, Bell Media. Tracey Pearce is Head, Specialty and Pay. Randy Lennox is President, Entertainment Production and Broadcasting.
You can also check out the show's revamped opening credits for Season 2 below.
Shells from the Pacific Northwest are nearly a third thinner now than specimens collected in the 1970s
Shells of California mussels collected from the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Washington in the 1970s are on average 32 percent thicker than modern specimens, according to a new study published by University of Chicago biologists.
Shells collected by Native Americans 1,000 to 1,300 years ago were also 27 percent thicker than modern shells, on average. The decreasing thickness over time, in particular the last few decades, is likely due to ocean acidification as a result of increased carbon in the atmosphere.
"Archival material provided by past researchers, the Makah Tribal Nation, and the Olympic National Park allowed us to document this intriguing and concerning pattern in shell thickness," said Cathy Pfister, PhD, professor of ecology and evolution at the University of Chicago and lead author. The study was published June 15, 2016, in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B.
As humans burn fossils fuels, the oceans absorb a large portion of the additional carbon released into the atmosphere. This in turn causes pH levels of ocean water to drop, making it more acidic. Mussels, oysters, and certain species of algae have difficulty producing their calcium carbonate shells and skeletons in such an environment, and can provide an early indicator of how increasing ocean acidification affects marine life.
In previous studies, Pfister and their colleagues documented declining pH levels in the waters surrounding Tatoosh Island off the coast of Washington state. In 2011 they further analyzed carbon and oxygen isotopes taken from modern mussel shells, shells collected by the local Makah tribe between AD 668 and 1008, and shells collected by biologists in the 1970s.
For the new study, the researchers compared the thicknesses of the same sets of shells. On average, the shells provided by the Makah Cultural and Research Center were 27.6 percent thicker than modern counterparts. Shells from the 1970s were 32.2 percent thicker. Shells collected from a different Native American site in Sand Point, WA, dating between 2150 and 2420 years old were almost 94 percent thicker than modern shells.
The long-term decline in thickness likely shows a response to ocean acidification, though the researchers also consider other environmental drivers including changes in food supply (e.g. plankton) for mussels.
The researchers also point out that their findings raise concerns about the California mussel's ability to retain its role as a foundational species in these waters. Decreased shell thickness makes them increasingly vulnerable to predators and environmental disturbances. This in turn could affect interactions with hundreds of other species of organisms that live near mussel beds in tidal waters.
"The California mussel is a common species along the entire west coast of the United States, and their fate will be linked to that of a rich diversity of predators, including sea stars and sea otters, as well as myriad species that are part of the mussel bed habitat," Pfister said. "It is imperative that we understand more about how these species will change as ocean conditions change."
###
The study "Historical baselines and the future of shell calcification for a foundation species in a changing ocean," was supported by the SeaDoc Foundation, the National Science Foundation, and the United States Department of Defense. Additional authors include Timothy Wootton from the University of Chicago; Kaustuv Roy from the University of California, San Diego; Sophie McCoy, who conducted the work as a graduate student at UChicago, now at Florida State University; Robert Paine from the University of Washington; Thomas Suchanek from the US Geological Survey and the University of California, Davis; and Eric Sanford from the University of California, Davis.
About the University of Chicago Medicine and Biological Sciences
The University of Chicago Medicine & Biological Sciences is one of the nation's leading academic medical institutions. It comprises the Pritzker School of Medicine, a top 10 medical school in the nation; the University of Chicago Biomedical Sciences Division; and the University of Chicago Medical Center, which recently opened the Center for Care and Discovery, a $700 million specialty medical facility. Twelve Nobel Prize winners in physiology or medicine have been affiliated with the University of Chicago Medicine.
Visit our research blog at sciencelife.uchospitals.edu and our newsroom at uchospitals.edu/news.
Twitter @UChicagoMed, @ScienceLife
Facebook.com/UChicagoMed
An alleged member of one of the most violent Mexican drug cartels was found in an American sanctuary city and turned over to Mexican officials on Tuesday.
Coahuila state police officers traveled to the Mexican border city of Nuevo Laredo where they took custody of Juan Rafael “El Cubano” Arredondo Oviedo.
U.S. authorities arrested Arredondo, a “foot soldier” in the Los Zetas Mexican drug cartel, at an immigration court in Chicago, Illinois, a sanctuary city, where they sought to be a protected as a witness from the Los Zetas cartel who they said is going to kill him.
Arredondo, who faces 28 kidnapping charges in Mexico, is linked to a horrific 2011 massacre in Coahuila, Mexico, where estimates say over 300 people were kidnapped, murdered, and incinerated in ovens.
The Los Zetas cartel is considered one of the most violent drug cartels in Mexico and operating out of the eastern part of the country from the Texas-Mexico border all the way south to the Guatemala-Mexico border.
Follow Ryan Saavedra on Twitter
Hey Guys,
We have been working on fixing the issues with the board: our biggest struggle is trying to keep the balance between the precision and affordability we aimed at for ONO, while making it compatible with the 1600+ different smartphones on the market.
After finally selecting the correct component out of hundreds and verifying it with UL, we installed it in the board. However, this new component did not behave exactly like the previous one.
To function properly, it required a redesign of the board firmware from scratch. Components on the board needed to be reorganized to solve voltage issues, and the firmware needed to be modified to address these changes.
These redesigns were due to interference between components on the board. Understanding where these (apparently simple) issues were coming from and how to solve them has been a huge headache for the entire electrical engineering team.
Unfortunately, with a hardware project, every little change means time in selecting, acquiring, installing, and testing parts, while meeting all the certification requirements and going back and repeating the process each time it does not work. Each software and firmware change also requires time for testing when you are dealing with so many different phones.
A good bit of time has passed, and we know that we haven't been as communicative as we should have, but we were hoping to be able to solve the problem more quickly to give you better news and a definitive shipping date.
In the next couple of days, we should have the last iteration of the board ready for final testing. Once we receive the results from the test, we'll be able to make and give you a more concrete delivery plan.
We hear your frustrations, your support, and your criticisms, and believe us, we are as anxious as you to get these printers out of our warehouse and into your hands.
Creating a new product (especially one that is so new for hardware, software, app integration, electronics, and chemicals) brings with it so many unexpected problems. Often, there seem to be many good solutions to choose from, while other times there are apparently none. Any choice in hardware has a domino effect; there is no copy, no paste, no undo. All we have is a trashcan and the next day to start again.
We are almost done; we just ask for your patience a little while longer.
The ONO team
Tiki Japanese Name チキ Romaji Chiki First Appearance Tokyo Mirage Sessions ♯FE Date of Birth February 28 (Released date of Tiki) Age 5, version 3.0 Height 110 cm (3'7") Class Mirage Ulta-loid Theme "Beastie Game"
"Not an Illusory World" Likes Chatting with everyone Dislikes Being alone Japanese VA
Tiki is a character from Tokyo Mirage Sessions ♯FE.
Contents show]
Appearances Edit
Tokyo Mirage Sessions ♯FE: Major Character; Back-up Supported
History Edit
is a recurring character in the Fire Emblem series, particularly titles set on the continent of Archanea/Ylisse.  They are the last of the Divine Dragons and the only daughter of their leader, Naga. Originally put to sleep by Naga in order to contain their power, they were awakened by the Fire Dragon Bantu, who took pity on them
During the events of Fire Emblem: Shadow Dragon, Tiki is brainwashed by the evil sorcerer Gharnef, but is saved by Bantu and the Lord Marth. During the events of the game's sequel, Mystery of the Emblem, Tiki is again put to sleep in order to prevent them from going wild, but is stabilized and awakened after Marth reforges the Fire Emblem into the Shield of Seals. They reappear 2,000 years later as an adult during Fire Emblem: Awakening, where they now reside on the continent of Valm and is hailed as the Voice of the Divine Dragon.
Profile Edit
Tokyo Mirage Sessions ♯FE Edit
 They are the key visual character of a vocal software called "Singaloid TiKi" that is currently a huge hit among Internet users. It's currently an ongoing trend with the youngsters to upload new songs by Tiki on the Internet.
Tiki resides in Bloom Palace and is in charge of creating new weapons, skills and class changes for the playable characters. They appear to be involved in Mamori's special attack. They treat the game's protagonist Itsuki Aoi like a big brother.
Side Quests Edit
In their first side quest: "I'll Tiki-Tiki You (For Reals)," they request Itsuki to search for Tiki-Waifu. After they found her, Tiki is seen depressed as they are unable to fight and they want to help them and allies in battle even though they can't leave the Bloom Palace until then thanks to Itsuki's encouragement, Tiki is now granted with a new back-up skills, Idol_Safety.exe.
Class Edit
Title Notes "Mirage Ulta-loid" Default title "Troubled Uta-loid" Tiki's first side quest: "I'll Tiki-Tiki You (For Reals)"
Back-Up Skills Edit
Skill Detail Avaiable Idola_Safety.exe Tiki's mysterious power now lets you explore the Idolasphere more safety. From now on, the effects of items and skills with Field effects will last longer. Tiki's first side quest: "I'll Tiki-Tiki You (For Reals)"
Ending Edit
Tiki - Virtual Empath
Tiki and the others returned to their world and committed their adventures to a script. Their singing and acting was admittedly clumsy, but the denizens of their world applauded their efforts, and it became the first step in reviving the arts in their lands. Whenever the group went, a new delicacy was introduced to the locals almost overnight: a fried ring of sweet dough.
Tiki - Miracle Uta-Loid
With the Shadow Dragon slain, Tiki and the others returned to their world. There, with everyone's help, Tiki held a live concert. Before a massive audience, they sing Itsuki's song with all their heart. The faint glimmer twinkling in the audience may be the first new flicker of Performa...
Gallery Edit
Tokyo Mirage Sessions ♯FE Concept artwork of Tiki Concept artwork of Tiki's outfits Concept artwork of Tiki (cinematic) Artwork of Tiki by toi8 Tiki Illustration by toi8 Illustration artwork of Tiki and the main cast by toi8 Illustration artwork of Tiki, Itsuki and the main female cast by toi8 Chibi version of Tiki Tiki's dragon form Tiki's full appearance of their dragon form
Costumes Tiki@Bloom Palace Tiki@Bloom Palace Tiki@Absolutely Cute! Tiki@Absolutely Cute! Tiki@Microwavin' Idol Tiki@Microwavin' Idol Tiki@Sneeze Detective Maho Tiki@Sneeze Detective Maho Tiki@The Tunnel Home Tiki@The Tunnel Home Tiki@Concert Tiki@Concert
Others Artwork of Tiki for Fire Emblem 0 (Cipher) by cuboon Artwork of Tiki as a Idol for Fire Emblem 0 (Cipher) by cuboon
Heavily armed police have foiled an 'ISIS-inspired' terror plot to attack multiple locations in Melbourne's CBD on Christmas Day, after raids across the city.
Victoria's Joint Counter-Terrorism task force arrested seven people after executing five search warrants at homes in Melbourne's north and west, including Flemington, Meadow Heights, Dallas, Campbellfield and Gladstone Park, on Thursday and Friday.
Four Australian men, aged between 21 and 26, and one Egyptian-born Australian citizen, were taken into police custody over their alleged involvement in preparing to commit a terrorist attack on Christmas Day.
All five were known to police and had been under police surveillance for around two weeks, with police alleging they intended to target landmarks Federation Square, Flinders Street train station and St Paul's Cathedral with bombs, knives and guns.
Abdullah Chaarani, 26, was the first of the group to appear in court on Friday and was charged with 'preparing for, or planning a terrorist attack'.
Scroll down for video
Heavily armed police have foiled a terror plot to attack multiple locations in Melbourne's CBD on Christmas Day after raids (pictured) across the city
Police remained at a property in Meadow Heights on Friday following raids on Thursday night
It will reportedly take weeks for police to collate all the information gathered in the raids
Police have foiled a terror plot to attack iconic Melbourne locations including Melbourne's Flinders Street Station (pictured) on Christmas Day
Federation Square (right) and St Paul's Cathedral (left) were also to be targeted
Mr Chaarani did not make an application for bail and was remanded in custody.
Wearing a black Adidas t-shirt and sporting a long beard, they looked calm as they stood handcuffed in the dock at the Melbourne Magistrates Court, The Age reports.
It will reportedly take weeks for police to collate all the information gathered in the raids and Mr Chaarani's not due to reappear in court until next April.
Their court appearance came as IT worker Zakaria Dabboussi was named as another man taken into custody after police stormed their Gladstone Park home on Thursday.
Police Chief Graham Ashton said they believed the 'multi mode' terror threat had been 'neutralised' following the coordinated anti-terror raids which uncovered an improvised explosive device.
'The attack had the potential to cause significant community harm,' they said.
Zakaria Dabboussi was taken into custody when heavily armed police officers stormed their Gladstone Park home on Thursday
Police said the men in custody were known to police and under close surveillance before the raids
'The community should be concerned but should be reassured that we have got on top of this particular issue.'
They said police believed the alleged terrorists had planned to detonate an explosive device and attack bystanders with hand-held weapons.
'These are self-radicalised... (but they were) inspired by ISIS and ISIS propaganda,' Mr Ashton said.
'If this had got under our guard this would have been a significant attack.'
They said there will be heightened security at holiday events over the next week, including the Boxing Day Test match and Christmas Carols concert, but assured the public there was no intelligence to suggest there were any other threats planned.
A woman wearing a niqab chats with a police officer outside a home in Melbourne
A woman approaches a group of police officers as they continue conducting a search warrant
A man holds a young girl's hand as they approach the police raids in Meadow Heights
Four Australians and one Egyptian-born Australian citizen are in police custody and are expected to be charged for their alleged involvement in preparing to commit a terrorist attack
Officers were still conducting a search of a home in Meadow Heights (pictured) on Friday
Police Chief Graham Ashton and Premier Daniel Andrews said there had been seven arrests, with five expected to be charged with preparing a terror act
Police Chief Graham Ashton (pictured) said they believed the 'multi mode' terror threat had been 'neutralised'
A forensic investigation is still underway at a property in Meadow Heights where police are believed to have found 'the makings of an improvised explosive device'
TERROR RAID ARRESTS Counterterrorism officers arrested six men and one woman during raids across Melbourne on Thursday night and Friday morning. A 20-year-old woman and a 26-year-old man, both from Meadow Heights, were released without charge. Four Australian men of Lebanese decent and an Australian citizen born in Egypt remain in custody. Police said charges relating to preparing a terror attack will be laid on: a 24-year-old Meadow Heights man
a 26-year-old Dallas man
a 22-year-old Campbellfield man
a 21-year-old Flemington man
a 21-year-old Gladstone Park man
Premier Daniel Andrews said condemned the terror attack, but urged Victorians not to consider it an 'act of faith'.
'What was being planned was not an act of faith, was not an act of religious observance, it was instead in its planning, an act of evil, a criminal act,' they said.
'All of us, particularly at this special time of the year, should remember and understand that our values, our multiculturalism, our diversity, is a great strength.'
'Perhaps our greatest strength, even when confronted by these sorts of challenges,' they added.
They also thanked the 400 officers involved in the raids for their 'vigilance and absolute determination' as they urged Victorians to 'go about their business'.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull commended the counter-terrorism team for thwarting one of the 'most substantial terrorist plots' the nation has ever seen.
They said 12 terrorist plots had be foiled and 57 people charged with terror offences since escalating Australia's threat level to probable in September 2014.
Mr Turnbull urged Australians not to live in fear during the festive season and instead embrace the 'happiness and joy' the terrorists sought to disrupt.
Premier Daniel Andrews (pictured) said condemned the terror attack, but urged Victorians not to consider it an 'act of faith'.
Seven people were arrested after police raided numerous properties across Melbourne's north west on Thursday night and Friday morning (pictured)
Seven people were arrested after police executed search warrants at homes across Melbourne
An apartment building in Melbourne's north is believed to have been targeted in the raids
'What these criminals seek to do is to kill, but they also seek to frighten us, to cower us into abandoning our Australian way of life,' Mr Turnbull said.
'They want to frighten and divide Australians. They want us to turn on each other. We will not let them succeed,' they added.
Of the accused - a 24-year-old Meadow Heights man, a 22-year-old Cambellfield man, a 21-year-old Flemington man and a 21-year-old man from Gladstone Park - are yet to be charged.
Mr Ashton said this will occur when they appear in court on Friday afternoon.
Two others arrested during the raids, a 20-year-old woman and 26-year-old man, were released without charges.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull commended the counter-terrorism team for thwarting one of the 'most substantial terrorist plots' the nation has ever seen
The Australian Federal Police, Victorian Police and ASIO were involved in the raids which started at around 8pm on Thursday and continued into Friday.
Police in heavy body armour gathered in Broadmeadows on Thursday night before being deployed to suburbs across the city overnight.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Son of President Trump and Trump Organization trustee Donald Trump Jr. once again made a fool of themselves in a public setting when they appeared on Fox News and proved former FBI Director James Comey's recollection of the conversation between them and Trump regarding former NSA Director Michael Flynn right. Adding more confusion to Trump's denial, Jr. said “when [Trump] tells you to do something, guess what? There is no ambiguity in it,” making Trump seem like the fearless and decisive leader that they are not.
Video:
https://youtu.be/5iYqWAqRhCQ
Trump Jr. then took it one step further and actually exposed their father's lie and proved that Comey was an honest person who obeyed the law during their hearing on Capitol Hill by saying this:
“‘Hey I hope this happens, but you gotta do your job.' That's what [Trump] told Comey.”
While Jr. thought they were making a point about their father's statement to Comey, they actually proved their dad wrong by saying that the President said what they had denied saying constantly. This is the same statement that Trump denied again and agreed to testify under oath using their word against Comey's recently in a press conference.
This whole scenario screams that Trump is guilty of obstructing justice because their own son proved what the President has denied. This also shows that Trump is doing their best to perform a cover up, but is leaving far too many breadcrumbs behind. This cover up and obstruction could almost prove to be a bigger deal than the Russian investigation because it shows how untrustworthy our government can be in the hands of Trump.
Trump Jr. Then foolishly tried their best to put the focus back on James Comey, who they just proved right. By mocking their note taking, the son of the President thinks that they had won, but they do not realize that they made a significant mistake by contradicting their father and once again proving their statements to be nothing but lies.
Inside the Linux boot process
Take a guided tour from the Master Boot Record to the first user-space application
In the early days, bootstrapping a computer meant feeding a paper tape containing a boot program or manually loading a boot program using the front panel address/data/control switches. Today's computers are equipped with facilities to simplify the boot process, but that doesn't necessarily make it simple.
Let's start with a high-level view of Linux boot so you can see the entire landscape. Then we'll review what's going on at each of the individual steps. Source references along the way will help you navigate the kernel tree and dig in further.
Overview
Figure 1 gives you the 20,000-foot view.
Figure 1. The 20,000-foot view of the Linux boot process
When a system is first booted, or is reset, the processor executes code at a well-known location. In a personal computer (PC), this location is in the basic input/output system (BIOS), which is stored in flash memory on the motherboard. The central processing unit (CPU) in an embedded system invokes the reset vector to start a program at a known address in flash/ROM. In either case, the result is the same. Because PCs offer so much flexibility, the BIOS must determine which devices are candidates for boot. We'll look at this in more detail later.
When a boot device is found, the first-stage boot loader is loaded into RAM and executed. This boot loader is less than 512 bytes in length (a single sector), and its job is to load the second-stage boot loader.
When the second-stage boot loader is in RAM and executing, a splash screen is commonly displayed, and Linux and an optional initial RAM disk (temporary root file system) are loaded into memory. When the images are loaded, the second-stage boot loader passes control to the kernel image and the kernel is decompressed and initialized. At this stage, the second-stage boot loader checks the system hardware, enumerates the attached hardware devices, mounts the root device, and then loads the necessary kernel modules. When complete, the first user-space program ( init ) starts, and high-level system initialization is performed.
That's Linux boot in a nutshell. Now let's dig in a little further and explore some of the details of the Linux boot process.
System startup
The system startup stage depends on the hardware that Linux is being booted on. On an embedded platform, a bootstrap environment is used when the system is powered on, or reset. Examples include U-Boot, RedBoot, and MicroMonitor from Lucent. Embedded platforms are commonly shipped with a boot monitor. These programs reside in special region of flash memory on the target hardware and provide the means to download a Linux kernel image into flash memory and subsequently execute it. In addition to having the ability to store and boot a Linux image, these boot monitors perform some level of system test and hardware initialization. In an embedded target, these boot monitors commonly cover both the first- and second-stage boot loaders.
Extracting the MBR To see the contents of your MBR, use this command: # dd if=/dev/hda of=mbr.bin bs=512 count=1
# od -xa mbr.bin The dd command, which needs to be run from root, reads the first 512 bytes from /dev/hda (the first Integrated Drive Electronics, or IDE drive) and writes them to the mbr.bin file. The od command prints the binary file in hex and ASCII formats.
In a PC, booting Linux begins in the BIOS at address 0xFFFF0. The first step of the BIOS is the power-on self test (POST). The job of the POST is to perform a check of the hardware. The second step of the BIOS is local device enumeration and initialization.
Given the different uses of BIOS functions, the BIOS is made up of two parts: the POST code and runtime services. After the POST is complete, it is flushed from memory, but the BIOS runtime services remain and are available to the target operating system.
To boot an operating system, the BIOS runtime searches for devices that are both active and bootable in the order of preference defined by the complementary metal oxide semiconductor (CMOS) settings. A boot device can be a floppy disk, a CD-ROM, a partition on a hard disk, a device on the network, or even a USB flash memory stick.
Commonly, Linux is booted from a hard disk, where the Master Boot Record (MBR) contains the primary boot loader. The MBR is a 512-byte sector, located in the first sector on the disk (sector 1 of cylinder 0, head 0). After the MBR is loaded into RAM, the BIOS yields control to it.
Stage 1 boot loader
The primary boot loader that resides in the MBR is a 512-byte image containing both program code and a small partition table (see Figure 2). The first 446 bytes are the primary boot loader, which contains both executable code and error message text. The next sixty-four bytes are the partition table, which contains a record for each of four partitions (sixteen bytes each). The MBR ends with two bytes that are defined as the magic number (0xAA55). The magic number serves as a validation check of the MBR.
Figure 2. Anatomy of the MBR
The job of the primary boot loader is to find and load the secondary boot loader (stage 2). It does this by looking through the partition table for an active partition. When it finds an active partition, it scans the remaining partitions in the table to ensure that they're all inactive. When this is verified, the active partition's boot record is read from the device into RAM and executed.
Stage 2 boot loader
The secondary, or second-stage, boot loader could be more aptly called the kernel loader. The task at this stage is to load the Linux kernel and optional initial RAM disk.
GRUB stage boot loaders The /boot/grub directory contains the stage1 , stage1.5 , and stage2 boot loaders, as well as a number of alternate loaders (for example, CR-ROMs use the iso9660_stage_1_5 ).
The first- and second-stage boot loaders combined are called Linux Loader (LILO) or GRand Unified Bootloader (GRUB) in the x86 PC environment. Because LILO has some disadvantages that were corrected in GRUB, let's look into GRUB. (See many additional resources on GRUB, LILO, and related topics in the Resources section later in this article.)
The great thing about GRUB is that it includes knowledge of Linux file systems. Instead of using raw sectors on the disk, as LILO does, GRUB can load a Linux kernel from an ext2 or ext3 file system. It does this by making the two-stage boot loader into a three-stage boot loader. Stage 1 (MBR) boots a stage 1.5 boot loader that understands the particular file system containing the Linux kernel image. Examples include reiserfs_stage1_5 (to load from a Reiser journaling file system) or e2fs_stage1_5 (to load from an ext2 or ext3 file system). When the stage 1.5 boot loader is loaded and running, the stage 2 boot loader can be loaded.
With stage 2 loaded, GRUB can, upon request, display a list of available kernels (defined in /etc/grub.conf , with soft links from /etc/grub/menu.lst and /etc/grub.conf ). You can select a kernel and even amend it with additional kernel parameters. Optionally, you can use a command-line shell for greater manual control over the boot process.
With the second-stage boot loader in memory, the file system is consulted, and the default kernel image and initrd image are loaded into memory. With the images ready, the stage 2 boot loader invokes the kernel image.
Kernel
Manual boot in GRUB From the GRUB command-line, you can boot a specific kernel with a named initrd image as follows: grub> kernel /bzImage-2.6.14.2
[Linux-bzImage, setup=0x1400, size=0x29672e]
grub> initrd /initrd-2.6.14.2.img
[Linux-initrd @ 0x5f13000, 0xcc199 bytes]
grub> boot
Uncompressing Linux... Ok, booting the kernel.
If you don't know the name of the kernel to boot, just type a forward slash (/) and press the Tab key. GRUB will display the list of kernels and initrd images.
With the kernel image in memory and control given from the stage 2 boot loader, the kernel stage begins. The kernel image isn't so much an executable kernel, but a compressed kernel image. Typically this is a zImage (compressed image, less than 512KB) or a bzImage (big compressed image, greater than 512KB), that has been previously compressed with zlib. At the head of this kernel image is a routine that does some minimal amount of hardware setup and then decompresses the kernel contained within the kernel image and places it into high memory. If an initial RAM disk image is present, this routine moves it into memory and notes it for later use. The routine then calls the kernel and the kernel boot begins.
When the bzImage (for an i386 image) is invoked, you begin at ./arch/i386/boot/head.S in the start assembly routine (see Figure 3 for the major flow). This routine does some basic hardware setup and invokes the startup_32 routine in ./arch/i386/boot/compressed/head.S . This routine sets up a basic environment (stack, etc.) and clears the Block Started by Symbol (BSS). The kernel is then decompressed through a call to a C function called decompress_kernel (located in ./arch/i386/boot/compressed/misc.c ). When the kernel is decompressed into memory, it is called. This is yet another startup_32 function, but this function is in ./arch/i386/kernel/head.S.
In the new startup_32 function (also called the swapper or process 0), the page tables are initialized and memory paging is enabled. The type of CPU is detected along with any optional floating-point unit (FPU) and stored away for later use. The start_kernel function is then invoked ( init/main.c ), which takes you to the non-architecture specific Linux kernel. This is, in essence, the main function for the Linux kernel.
Figure 3. Major functions flow for the Linux kernel i386 boot
With the call to start_kernel , a long list of initialization functions are called to set up interrupts, perform further memory configuration, and load the initial RAM disk. In the end, a call is made to kernel_thread (in arch/i386/kernel/process.c ) to start the init function, which is the first user-space process. Finally, the idle task is started and the scheduler can now take control (after the call to cpu_idle ). With interrupts enabled, the pre-emptive scheduler periodically takes control to provide multitasking.
During the boot of the kernel, the initial-RAM disk ( initrd ) that was loaded into memory by the stage 2 boot loader is copied into RAM and mounted. This initrd serves as a temporary root file system in RAM and allows the kernel to fully boot without having to mount any physical disks. Since the necessary modules needed to interface with peripherals can be part of the initrd , the kernel can be very small, but still support a large number of possible hardware configurations. After the kernel is booted, the root file system is pivoted (via pivot_root ) where the initrd root file system is unmounted and the real root file system is mounted.
decompress_kernel output The decompress_kernel function is where you see the usual decompression messages emitted to the display: Uncompressing Linux... Ok, booting the kernel.
The initrd function allows you to create a small Linux kernel with drivers compiled as loadable modules. These loadable modules give the kernel the means to access disks and the file systems on those disks, as well as drivers for other hardware assets. Because the root file system is a file system on a disk, the initrd function provides a means of bootstrapping to gain access to the disk and mount the real root file system. In an embedded target without a hard disk, the initrd can be the final root file system, or the final root file system can be mounted via the Network File System (NFS).
Init
After the kernel is booted and initialized, the kernel starts the first user-space application. This is the first program invoked that is compiled with the standard C library. Prior to this point in the process, no standard C applications have been executed.
In a desktop Linux system, the first application started is commonly /sbin/init . But it needs not be. Rarely do embedded systems require the extensive initialization provided by init (as configured through /etc/inittab ). In many cases, you can invoke a simple shell script that starts the necessary embedded applications.
Summary
Much like Linux itself, the Linux boot process is highly flexible, supporting a huge number of processors and hardware platforms. In the beginning, the loadlin boot loader provided a simple way to boot Linux without any frills. The LILO boot loader expanded the boot capabilities, but lacked any file system awareness. The latest generation of boot loaders, such as GRUB, permits Linux to boot from a range of file systems (from Minix to Reiser).
Downloadable resources
Related topics
Staples, the No. 1 U.S. office supplier, said Wednesday it would buy its nearest rival Office Depot Inc in a $6.3 billion cash-and-stock deal.
Staples said it would pay $7.25 per share in cash and 0.2188 of its shares for each Office Depot share.
“This is a transformational acquisition which enables Staples to provide more value to customers, and more effectively compete in a rapidly evolving competitive environment,” Ron Sargent, Staples' chairperson and chief executive officer, said in a statement.
“We expect to recognize at least $1 billion of synergies as we aggressively reduce global expenses and optimize our retail footprint,” they added. “These savings will dramatically accelerate our strategic reinvention which is focused on driving growth in our delivery businesses and in categories beyond office supplies.”
The deal is expected to bring about at least $1 billion of synergies, says Staples' Chairman and CEO Ron Sargent. Earlier this week, the Wall Street Journal reported the two companies were in advanced talks to merge. Staple has a market value of about $11 billion, while Office Depot has a market value of about $4.1 billion. Last month, activist investor Starboard Value LP called for the two companies to merge, saying a combined entity would lead to greater savings.
A merger would help fend off intense competition from online retailers such as Amazon.com and big-box chains such as Wal-Mart Stores that sell the same core office supplies, such as paper and ink toner, for less.
The combination of the two would likely get a close look from antitrust regulators, the Journal said.
Regulators nixed Staples' attempt to buy Office Depot in 1997, citing antitrust concerns.
The FTC approved Office Depot's $976 million acquisition of OfficeMax in 2013 without the need to close stores, citing increased competition in the office supply industry.
This article originally appeared on Fortune.com
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Sens. & Rep. to FTC: Outlet Stores May Be Misleading Consumers
Whitehouse, Blumenthal, Markey & Eshoo Ask for Investigation into Potentially Deceitful Practices
Washington, DC – Four Members of Congress are asking for a federal investigation into potentially misleading marketing practices by outlet stores across the United States. In a letter sent today to Federal Trade Commission (FTC) Chairwoman Edith Ramirez, U.S. Senators Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI), Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), Ed Markey (D-MA) and Rep. Anna G. Eshoo (D-CA) called on the agency to look into claims that merchants may be selling lower quality items produced specifically for outlet stores without properly informing consumers about the difference between those items and the higher-quality products found in regular retail stores.
“Historically, outlets offered excess inventory and slightly damaged goods that retailers were unable to sell at regular retail stores,” the Members wrote. “Today, however, some analysts estimate that upwards of 85% of the merchandise sold in outlet stores was manufactured exclusively for these stores. Outlet-specific merchandise is often of lower quality than goods sold at non-outlet retail locations. While some retailers use different brand names and labels to distinguish merchandise produced exclusively for outlets, others do not. This leaves consumers at a loss to determine the quality of outlet-store merchandise carrying brand-name labels.”
According to news reports, there are now more than 300 outlet malls in the United States, which were expected to generate $25 billion in sales last year. With outlet shopping becoming increasingly popular, the Members are calling on the FTC to use its enforcement authority to look into potential unfair marketing practices.
“We write to urge you to use this authority to investigate deceptive and unfair marketing practices at outlet stores and to punish offenders,” the Members wrote.
The full text of the letter is below.
---------------------------------------
January 30, 2014
Edith Ramirez, Chairwoman
Federal Trade Commission
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Room 404
Washington, DC 20580
Re: “Outlet Stores”
Dear Chairwoman Ramirez:
This past holiday season, many consumers in our states and across the nation visited an outlet mall in search of bargains and discounts.[1] According to some market analysts, outlet stores not only represent one of the fastest growing segments of the retail industry, but also the travel industry, with consumers increasingly viewing outlet malls as vacation destinations. While this growth has undoubtedly helped the economy in some areas, we're concerned that the popularity of outlet malls may have fueled some deceptive marketing practices.
Historically, outlets offered excess inventory and slightly damaged goods that retailers were unable to sell at regular retail stores. Today, however, some analysts estimate that upwards of 85% of the merchandise sold in outlet stores was manufactured exclusively for these stores. Outlet-specific merchandise is often of lower quality than goods sold at non-outlet retail locations. While some retailers use different brand names and labels to distinguish merchandise produced exclusively for outlets, others do not. This leaves consumers at a loss to determine the quality of outlet-store merchandise carrying brand-name labels.
We have no objections to the evolution of the type of merchandise offered at outlets. However, we are concerned that outlet store consumers are being misled into believing they are purchasing products originally intended for sale at the regular retail store. Many outlets may also be engaged in deceptive reference pricing. It is a common practice at outlet stores to advertise a retail price alongside the outlet store price—even on made-for-outlet merchandise that does not sell at regular retail locations. Since the item was never sold in the regular retail store or at the retail price, the retail price is impossible to substantiate. We believe this practice may be a violation of the FTC's Guides Against Deceptive Pricing (16 CFR 233).
As you know, Section 5 of the FTC Act (15 U.S.C. Section §45) gives the FTC jurisdiction to bring enforcement actions against deceptive or unfair marketing practices. We write to urge you to use this authority to investigate deceptive and unfair marketing practices at outlet stores and to punish offenders. We also write to ask for information on any existing or proposed plans by the FTC to investigate marketing practices at outlet stores. In addition, we urge you to consider whether it may be necessary to establish standardized definitions for “factory outlet,” “outlet store,” and similar terms, so that consumers can be better informed about the types of goods being offered for sale.
Thank you in advance for your attention to this matter. We look forward to working with you to protect consumers.
Sincerely,
###
Romanian librarian starts 60-day Danube River swim
The Romanian librarian Avram Iancu, who last year managed to swim across the English Channel without a neoprene suit, will take on a new challenge on Tuesday, June 20: they want to swim the Danube river's length of 2,860 km in 60 days, without thermal protection.
Iancu left on Sunday, June 18, for the Black Forest in Germany, the place from where they will start the challenge, reports local Agerpres.
The long journey will start on June 20 from Donaueschingen, and is expected to end two months later in Sulina Port, Romania. During this period, Avram Iancu will cross ten countries and four European capitals.
“I'm trying to set a world premiere, as I will swim without a neoprene suit. There are 2,860 kilometers, of which I'm planning to travel an average of 50 kilometers a day,” Iancu said.
They started getting ready for the new challenge in December 2016, and the training included swimming, running up the mountain, and biking.
The Romanian librarian said that they wanted to transpose into reality the adventure of the main character in The Danube Pilot, a novel by famous writer Jules Verne. However, Iancu will swim the length of the Danube, unlike the novel's character, who traveled down the river in a boat.
According to Avram Iancu, only two people managed to swim the Danube River so far. One of them is Slovenian Martin Strel, who, in 2000, swam for 58 days using a neoprene suit. Six years later, Canadian Mimi Huges finished the same route after 90 days, also equipped with a neoprene suit.
Last summer, Avram Iancu swam the English Channel without a neoprene suit in 18 hours. It was their fourth attempt. Back in 2014, they wanted to become the first Romanian who swims the English Channel, but they didn't finish the quest. They tried again in 2015, but the odds were once again against him.
Andrei Rosu became the first Romanian to swim the English Channel in June 2015, but their performance wasn't officially recognized by the Channel Swimming Association, which validates the successful cross-channel because they used a neoprene suit.
Dan Canta, a Romanian living in Melbourne, Australia, officially became the first Romanian to swim across the English Channel in August 2015. They were only 16 at that time.
Irina Popescu, irina.popescu@romania-insider.com
(Photo source: Sea Leopard Charter on Facebook)
President Barack Obama today announced their intent to nominate Allison Macfarlane to be U.S. Nuclear Regulatory (NRC) commissioner and to designate them as NRC chair upon their appointment. Macfarlane is an associate professor of Environmental Science and Policy at George Mason University (GMU), a position they have held since 2006. Macfarlane served as a member of the Blue Ribbon Commission on America's Nuclear Future from March 2010 to January 2012.
Macfarlane received a B.Sc. from the University of Rochester and a Ph.D. in Geology from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. They co-authored an article titled “Nuclear proliferation: Time to bury plutonium,” which appears in the May 9, 2012, edition of Nature.
Macfarlane would serve the remainder of current NRC Chair Gregory Jaczko's term, which is set to expire at the end of June 2013. This past Monday, May 21, Jaczko announced that they would resign their position as soon as their successor is confirmed by the U.S. Senate.
This nomination will join President Obama's nomination of NRC Commissioner Kristine Svinicki for a second five-year term in awaiting action by the U.S. Senate. Svinicki's current term is set to expire at the end of June 2012. On May 14, the American Nuclear Society issued a statement urging the U.S. Senate to act promptly on Ms. Svinicki's nomination so that there is no interruption in their service.
Immediate reactions to the Macfarlane nomination
U.S. Sen. Harry Reid (D., Nev.) issued the following statement:
I am confident that like their predecessor, Dr. Allison Macfarlane will make preserving the safety and security of American citizens their top priority as chair of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Dr. Macfarlane's education and experience, in particular their service on the Blue Ribbon Commission on America's Nuclear Future, make them eminently qualified to lead the NRC for the foreseeable future. The nuclear industry has a perfect opportunity to demonstrate a commitment to safety by supporting Dr. Macfarlane's nomination. I continue to have grave concerns about Kristine Svinicki's record on the commission. But I believe the best interests of the public would be served by moving the nominations of Dr. Macfarlane and Ms. Svinicki together before Ms. Svinicki's term expires at the end of June, to ensure that we have a fully functioning NRC. Republicans claim to share that goal, and I hope they will work with us to make it a reality.
Marv Fertel, president and chief executive officer of the Nuclear Energy Institute, issued the following statement:
The nuclear energy industry congratulates Professor Macfarlane on their selection by the president. They have been an active contributor to policy debates in the nuclear energy field for many years. Given the importance of having a fully functioning, five-member commission to carry out the NRC's safety mission, the nuclear energy industry urges the administration to submit their confirmation paperwork as expeditiously as possible. It would not serve the public interest to have their nomination linger with the term of Commissioner Kristine Svinicki set to expire at the end of June. We urge the Senate to confirm both Commissioner Svinicki and Professor Macfarlane expeditiously. The NRC must continue to be an effective, credible regulator if the nation is to maximize nuclear energy's role in achieving America's economic growth and energy security.
_____________________________
I have been lucky enough to have worked with excellent Teaching Assistants, whose role is to assist in reaching the goals for children on Individual Education Plans.
Teaching Assistants are assigned to a school based on the needs of students with special needs. They often work with a number of students in different classrooms. They may assist physically with mobility or medical or personal care. These men and women are vital in facilitating the integration of children with special needs in our schools.
It is so important that the relationship between the teacher and the TA be one of collaboration. Often the TA has worked with a specific child for a number of years, so it is easy to assume that the teacher might feel less capable of heading up the educational goals of the child. Yet, this is the teacher's role.
These are goals we tried to attain but did not always achieve:
Regular meetings and discussions with the teacher and EA to review the goals on the IEP and to revise and adjust the child's program. Clear plans regarding the choices available when transitions or circumstances occur where the child is not able to cope with regular programming. A variety of rewards, rest times, alternative programs and activities that help the child, with the understanding that the EA has the independence to adjust the schedule, based on the child's needs. A plan that includes programming with other students to ensure inclusion, as well as some independent time in the child's day.
Some of the challenges in meeting these goals include finding the time to collaborate within the paid hours of the TA, figuring out the best ways to implement the goals of the IEP, dealing with changes in schedules, and providing meaningful inclusion.
Balancing the needs of all children is an art. A great TA/Teacher team works hard to put these goals foremost for the benefit of all children.
How have you collaborated with Educational Assistants to best integrate and meet the needs of all students? Please share your experiences.
Over their 30+ year career, Donna Baxter DeCourcy has been a classroom teacher, Special Education resource teacher, technology curriculum innovator, and literacy coach. They have had a variety of experiences during their digital journey ranging from IBI programs, website development, and curriculum writing to integrate technology in the classroom. Donna's innovative work earned them the Prime Minister's Certificate of Excellence, and the John Fruedeman Award for Curriculum Development. Them experience as a Special Education Resource Teacher and Literacy Coach helped them to integrate their knowledge of special education with teacher development through Professional Learning Communities. Catch up with Donna by visiting their inspiring and practical blog called Learning with Donna.
Our expectations were all out of whack on climate change. For years, environmentalists and world leaders promised a “big bang” international agreement, a comprehensive, world-wide plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, to which pretty much every nation on the planet would be a willing party. A global problem, after all, requires a global solution.
President Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)
But decades of work has merely resulted in soft promises from some nations to reduce their emissions, a nominal commitment to enforce an international agreement, its content not yet articulated, by the end of this decade, and clarity about the political obstacles in the way of a big accord.
The heart of the problem is that developing countries want the developed world to reduce its greenhouse gas output and pay them, and the West doesn't like that idea absent real greenhouse-gas commitments from big developing nations with rising economies, such as China, India and Brazil. It's hard enough for a few countries to work through that problem issue-by-issue, let alone all of them at the same time across the variety of contentious questions involved in world climate discussions. U.N. forums have been fractious, with national interest, global politics and concerns about reputation pulling the big players in various directions.
That's why one bit of news from the G20 conference that just wrapped up in St. Petersburg, Russia, is encouraging. Outside of the cumbersome U.N. process, the United States and China, the world's two largest greenhouse emitters, announced steps to “phase down” the use of hyrofluorocarbons (HFCs), potent greenhouse gases used in refrigerators, air conditioning units and other things. They agreed to use the machinery of Montreal Protocol — a preexisting international system that has successfully cut pollutants that harm the ozone layer — to do it. And the full G20 — which includes Brazil and India — issued a statement supporting the plan to roll back HFCs.
These nations have to fill in specifics. But if they arrest the global expansion of HFC use, the White House says that unified action could prevent the equivalent of 90 gigatons of carbon dioxide entering the atmosphere by 2050. That, The Post's Steve Mufson points out, is about two years' worth of the world's current output.
On its own, that won't do nearly enough. But this sort of agreement — among a few, big countries responsible for nearly all of the emissions that matter — represents another approach, outside the U.N. process, to achieving meaningful global action on climate change. The central problem doesn't disappear with fewer players in the room. Yet, so far, it has been easier for Chinese leaders in particular to make climate-change commitments after huddling with President Obama to hash them out. This may be because such agreements require some level of mutual sacrifice and, therefore, trust that the other parties are serious. Americans are wary of moving before the Chinese do, and vice versa. The HFC announcement was also easier because it is a discrete issue that the G20 can address in isolation.
It hasn't been clear that this strategy would work any better than the U.N. process. But, at the least, this sort of effort keeps climate change in world leaders' minds. At best, meanwhile, the big emitters could see to a range of problems, pressure others to join in, and lead the way to a global treaty consisting of a bundle of smaller agreements already struck among themselves and various countries. That's worth trying for.
The five most interesting stories, rumors and notes in the NBA:
1. Aiming high:
Blazers point guard Damian Lillard will almost certainly win the Rookie of the Year award for this season. So what do they do for an encore?
Last week,
. They didn't hem or haw, and answered with their usual matter-of-fact confidence.
"I want to be an All-Star next season," Lillard said. "I want to help our team make the playoffs next season. That's pretty much it. I want our team to compete at a higher level next season."
The playoff part will depend greatly on what general manager Neil Olshey can do to improve the roster through the draft, trades or free agency, so we'll have to see where this team is in July. But let's deal with this question: Can Lillard really become an All-Star in their second season?
There's local precedent as the Blazers' previous Rookie of the Year winners all made the All-Star Game. Geoff Petrie (1970-71 Rookie of the Year) and Sidney Wicks (1971-72) both were All-Stars as rookies, and Petrie went on to make the '74 All-Star Game and Wicks for the next three seasons after their rookie year.
Brandon Roy (2006-07 rookie) made the All-Star Game in their second season, starting their three-year run.
Lillard, however, faces stiff, stiff competition to make the Western Conference team for the 2014 All-Star Game. A quick look at the backcourts in the West playoffs shows just how stiff the competition is at guard.
The Denver-Golden State series has been a showcase for two outstanding point guards who are on the cusp of All-Star status. The Warriors' Stephen Curry probably should have made it this season, and after setting the NBA record for most three-pointers in a season, should have a headstart in their All-Star case for next season. Curry put on quite a show last night, getting 30 points and 13 assists in the
.
The Nuggets' Ty Lawson is emerging as the star of the supposedly star-less Nuggets. Lawson isn't quite a complete package, but no one in the league is faster.
The Houston-Oklahoma City series gives us two guards who made this year's All-Star Game and look like perennials for the game -- the Thunder's Russell Westbrook and Rockets' James Harden.
The Clippers-Memphis series has Chris Paul, who usually gets voted in as a starter by fans. He's a free agent after the season, and there always the chance they sign with an Eastern Conference team, but as NBA.com's Jeff Caplan wrote,
.
Finally, the Lakers-San Antonio series has two of this year's All-Star guards, Kobe Bryant and Tony Parker. The Spurs' Parker continues to play at a high level, but Bryant just had surgery to fix their Achilles' tendon. The L.A. Times' Eric Pincus reports that
.
Bryant's recovery time has been given as six to nine months. If it's six, they could be ready in time for training camp. If it's nine, they could be out until January, and unless he's voted in by fans (and we know they're not above that; see Yao Ming), they would miss the All-Star for the first time since 1997, when they were a rookie (not counting 1999, of course, when the All-Star Game was canceled because of the lockout).
Each All-Star Game side has room for two starting guards, two reserve guards, plus two non-position-specific spots that could go to guards. Even if Bryant is out, Lillard has Curry, Lawson, Westbrook, Harden, Paul and Parker to beat out, not to mention other guards such as Memphis' Mike Conley, Minnesota's Ricky Rubio who could rise to All-Star levels.
Lillard has thrived when they have a chip on their shoulder -- not recruited by big schools, seen a mid-major question mark, etc. Maybe this glut of great guards in the West could be the next one.
2. Unneeded bulletin-board material:
Dwyane Wade has more than enough reason to be excited for Game 3 of the Heat-Bucks series Thursday. To start with, it's in Milwaukee, where they played college basketball for Marquette. Wade, of course, has played countless NBA games at the Bradley Center, but they have never played a playoff game there.
The
last night and have a chance to close out a sweep before they even return to Miami.
That seems more than enough motivation, which might be why Wade was happy to just shrug off what could have served as bulletin-board motivation from Bucks guard Monta Ellis. In December,
, just without the wins and championships, the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel's Charles Gardner reports.
Sure, wins and championships -- nobody uses those as measuring sticks in sports.
Wade said they "chuckled in a sense" when they heard about Ellis' claim. Wade has outscored Ellis 37-29 in the series, including 21-7 last night, and is chuckling all the way to the second round and beyond.
In five seasons as Cleveland coach, Mike Brown compiled a 272-138 record and won the 2009-10 NBA Coach of the Year award.
3. The return:
The Cavaliers are expected to hold a news conference today to announce that
almost three years after they fired him. It's a rare thing in the NBA for a team to rehire an old coach -- no one expects the Blazers to bring back Maurice Cheeks, Mike Dunleavy or Nate McMillan, after all.
Brown has a great record with the Cavs, including winning more than 60 games in their final two seasons. Still, the news came as a surprise in some ways as the Cavaliers are believed to want to take a shot at LeBron James after next season, when James can opt out of the final two years of their contract with Miami. The Cavaliers fired Brown just before James became a free agent in 2010, the move seen as a way to try to appease James.
Before Miami's win over Milwaukee last night, James gave the rehiring of Brown a thumbs up.
"I'm happy for him," said James, who won two MVP awards while playing for Brown. "Very happy for him. I think he's a really good coach, very defensive-minded coach. It'll be good for those young guys that they have."
For now, Brown inherits a roster led by All-Star point guard Kyrie Irving, who is probably better than any player James played with in their time in Cleveland.
There is one interesting side note in all this that involves Portland. Yahoo's Adrian Wojnarowski, in a column in which they says
, writes this:
4. Getting defensive:
In the last few days, multiple reports have said Memphis center Marc Gasol will be given the Defensive Player of the Year award today, and whaddaya know,
.
It seems appropriate that a player from the Grizzlies, who led the league in points-against at 89.3, should get the award, but Gasol is an interesting pick. They do not rank in the top 10 in the league in either blocked shots or rebounding, two of the usual measures of defensive prowess for centers.
The Memphis Flyer's Chris Herrington writes that
among media, who vote on the award. Gasol ranked No. 5 (and No. 2 among players who averaged 30 minutes) in defensive rating at 95.4. The number measures the points a player's team allows per 100 possession when they are on the court.
It will be interesting to see if Gasol makes any of the all-defensive teams, which are voted on by coaches. Last season, the Knicks' Tyson Chandler won the Defensive Player of the Year award but only made second-team all-defensive.
Gasol's win agitated at least one player. Oklahoma City's
against the fact that their teammate, Serge Ibaka (who led the league in blocks), didn't win it, writing, "That is terrible," and, "Too many politics."
5. Neutral or not?
During the ongoing Sacramento-Seattle tug-of-war for the Kings, commissioner David Stern has portrayed themselves as a virtual Sweden -- neutrally watching the proceedings while the owners make the decision.
The Sacramento Bee's Ailene Voison
, writing, "There is no chance – none – that they are only providing background noise while the league's enormous legal staff examines the two cities, two potential ownership groups, and two proposed arenas in preparation for a long-awaited resolution."
Voison reveals a potentially telling detail -- that Kings employees have been instructed to prepare marketing and ticket plans for next season, and that key personnel who have been exploring other jobs have been urged to "sit tight."
Who knows what it all means, other than more evidence of how tough a call it will be for owners.
-- Mike Tokito
Last night, Fred Armisen and Bill Hader parodied Jonathan Demme's 1984 Talking Heads documentary Stop Making Sense on their IFC series “Documentary Now!” The episode, “Final Transmission,” follows a band called Test Pattern during their final concert. Watch the episode here.
Today, Armisen and Hader have released the real debut album from Test Pattern. Like the episode, it's called Final Transmission, and has music from the episode. It includes the previously released track “Too Much Information,” which includes Maya Rudolph on keyboards and Superchunk/Scharpling & Wurster's Jon Wurster on drums. Paul Thomas Anderson lent their voice to the episode as the director of the film, as the A.V. Club points out. Listen to Test Pattern's Final Transmission, and see the cover artwork, below.
Last year, Armisen and Hader released an EP as Blue Jean Committee, another band they created for the IFC program.
Revisit Test Pattern's “Late Night With Seth Meyers” performance of “Art + Student = Poor”:
Watch Fred Armisen with the Lonely Island on Pitchfork.tv's “Over/Under”:
Image copyright Greene King
"Family friendly" pub chain Hungry Horse has been criticised for creating a burger containing nearly 100% of a woman's recommended daily calorie intake at 1,996 calories.
The Double Donut burger consists of two beef burgers topped with cheese, four bacon rashers and BBQ sauce, sandwiched between two glazed ring-doughnuts.
Critics called it irresponsible, dubbing it "a heart attack on a plate".
Hungry Horse said it was catering for a variety of tastes.
Its 220 pubs around the UK claim to be "big on value, fun and offering unrivalled choice".
So wrong?
Advertised with the tag line "So Wrong It's Right", the Double Donut burger contains 53g of saturated fat, well above the 20g daily allowance for women and 30g allowance for men.
The amount of salt in it - 8.2g - is also more than the recommended daily amount for adults (6g).
Mel Wakeman, senior lecturer in Applied Physiology at Birmingham City University, said: "To me, this is simply ludicrous and irresponsible. I am no killjoy but why is this sort of food available?"
Hungry Horse said it displayed all the nutritional information and guideline daily amounts for men, women and children on its website. On searching, you can find a BBQ Pulled Pork (Wo)Man Vs Burrito that contains nearly 3,500 calories, 65g of fat and 13g of salt.
But Mel Wakeman argues: "Why can't they include on the menu what the customer would need to do to burn all those calories off? In the case of this Double Donut Burger, around three hours of continuous running should just about do it. I wonder how many people would still opt for the item knowing this."
Steve Jebson for Hungry Horse, said: "Our popular menu caters for a variety of tastes and appetites and includes everything from lower calorie options such as our hot chicken and bacon salad at 393 calories, through to the indulgent occasional treat such as our new Double Donut Burger. All the nutritional information for our menu is available on our website and in our pubs, so that our customers are able to make informed decisions about what they choose to eat."
The first of four separate efforts to recall Democratic lawmakers over their gun votes failed as organizers attempting to oust Rep. Mike McLachlan of Durango didn't collect the required number of signatures needed to put the issue on the ballot.
Those spearheading the recall effort against McLachlan collected “8,500 plus” signatures, but needed at least 10,586 valid signatures, organizer Dave Saleh said.
The number of signatures required is based on 25 percent of the votes cast in the last election in that district.
“We obtained signatures from about 20 percent of the voters … and we did it with no money, entirely grassroots, no pros, an amateur organization, ” Saleh said Tuesday.
McLachlan said the people behind the recall were “loud” and “strident,” but do not represent the majority of people in their House district.
“I always thought it was a distraction, and I want to move on from this experience,” they said.
But Saleh said organizers are debating whether to try another recall effort or wait and try to unseat McLachlan when they run for a second term in 2014.
“We're not done,” Saleh said. “Mr. McLachlan is going to be hearing footsteps regardless of how they want to spin it.”
But the spin actually came from conservatives, who made light of the failed effort against McLachlan and said the focus is on unseating Senate President John Morseof Colorado Springs.
Morse is considered the easiest of the four Democrats to unseat, in part because only 7,178 signatures are needed. Organizers are paying signature-gathers and the NRA has joined the fight.
“The efforts in Colorado Springs shows that it takes serious special -interest money … to even have a shot to succeed,” said Rick Palacio, chairperson of the Colorado Democratic Party.
“The unfortunate part about all of this, is that this is going to waste hundreds of thousands of local taxpayer dollars that could be going to improve schools, fix roads, and help seniors.”
El Paso County estimates it would cost $150,000 to conduct the special election.
Also facing recall efforts are Sens. Evie Hudak of Westminster and Sen. Angela Giron of Pueblo. The 11,285 signatures needed for Giron and the 18,962 signatures needed for Hudak are both due June 10.
The recall effort was hatched in southwestern Colorado, when McLachlan in February voted for gun bills, upsetting critics who said that violated the lawmaker's claim to be pro Second Amendment.
Saleh said in talking to voters who weren't focused on guns, they were able to gather support by saying politicians need to be held accountable, that they can't “lie” to get elected.
Lynn Bartels: 303-954-5327, lbartels@denverpost.com or twitter.com/lynn_bartels
"Dirt" (2008) by David Montgomery deals with the relation between soil erosion and civilization collapse. It is neither the first nor the only book that examines this subject. It is, however, written by a soil scientist, and it brings to a deeper level the understanding of how soil disappears and how this affects agriculture and, in turn, society.
Was the Roman Empire doomed by the loss of fertile soil to erosion? This is a much discussed point that I also examined in a study of mine on the fall of the Roman Empire. Fertile soil generates food that, in turn, causes population to increase and that is what makes an empire able to expand, as all empires do. But fertile soil is also subject to overexploitation. It is fragile; is easily washed to the sea by rain. And, when it is gone, it takes centuries, at least, to reform.
So, did the Roman Empire collapse because of soil loss? Historians are still debating this point but, in this book, "Dirt", David Montgomery makes a forceful case that soil erosion was a major cause of the decline of the Roman economy and that, in general, it strongly affected ancient civilizations. Montgomery connects the dots of what we know and shows - among other things - that the Romans clearly understood the importance of agriculture in their economy. Yet, they never were able to understand the role of soil erosion.
Of course, there are alternatives to the simple linear chain of positive feedbacks that goes as more people -> more land cultivated -> more erosion. The sources tell us that many fields went uncultivated at the time of the Roman Empire and that suggests the possibility of a problem of underpopulation. The military needs of the late Empire were so strong thet there were not enough people left to cultivate the land. There is also evidence of droughts at the time of the decline of the Empire which would have affected agriculture, too. None of these explanations excludes the others. In a complex system, there is no simple cause and effect relation. Everything affects everything else and you need good quantitative data to understand the weight of all the factors involved. Unfortunately, good quantitative data is exactly what we are missing for the Roman Empire. But, on the whole, it is clear that soil erosion is a major element at play in the decline of civilizations. The Romans, as many other civilizations before and after them, were destroying their resource base, soil, and they never were able to replace it.
There is much more in Montgomery's book - it is a comprehensive review of the relation of soil erosion and the history of humankind that starts from the end of the last ice age and arrives to our time. As such, it is a great learning experience. Of course, the book is not without defects. Stuart Staniford correctly points out that often Montgomery doesn't give a sufficient justification for their statements and that leaves the reader unsatisfied. This is true especially for the last chapter, where the text becomes somewhat ideological when Montgomery tackles fields which are not his: peak oil, energy, and the economy. The result is that the discussion becomes shallow, unlike the rest of the book.
Apart from these problems, "Dirt" is an absolutely must read for the serious students of civilization collapse. It is the same for those who still insist in defining biofuels as "renewable energy."
Environmental Protection Agency administrator Scott Pruitt has only held the job for four months, but they have already made regulatory rollback's "larger in scope than any other over so short a time in the agency's 47-year history," according to the New York Times. Over 30 environmental rules have been undone, delayed or blocked as President Donald Trump, and supporters of Pruitt have cheered on the new direction of the EPA.
The EPA workforce will already be slashed by 8 percent by the end of the summer. While Trump has yet to experience many legislative wins, the dismantling of the EPA is in full force.
Advertisement:
"Just the number of environmental rollbacks in this time frame is astounding," Richard Lazarus, a professor of environmental law at Harvard, told the Times. "Pruitt has come in with a real mission.  They are much more organized, much more focused than the other cabinet-level officials, who have not really taken charge of their agencies. It's very striking how much they've done."
The Times reported:
But both sides agree: While much of Mr. Trump's policy agenda is mired in legal and legislative delays, hampered by poor execution and overshadowed by the Russia investigations, the E.P.A. is acting. Mr. Pruitt, a former Oklahoma attorney general who built a career out of suing the agency they now lead, is moving effectively to dismantle the regulations and international agreements that stood as a cornerstone of President Barack Obama's legacy.
In what would normally be a job for lawyers at the State Department, Pruitt will play a lead role in "devising the legal path" for the U.S. to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement. Trump announced the withdrawal at the beginning of last month, making America the only country other than Syria and Nicaragua not in the agreement. But Nicaragua refused to join because they didn't believe the terms were aggressive enough in combatting climate change. Pruitt is leading the way, with little consultation from the agency's 15,000 career employees, according to the Times.
"Instead, Mr. Pruitt has outsourced crucial work to a network of lawyers, lobbyists and other allies, especially Republican state attorneys general, a network they worked with closely as the head of the Republican Attorneys General Association," The Times reported.
Pruitt has largely relied on a "a small network of political appointees" which includes industry lobbyists, according to the Times. In May, Pruitt fired five scientists on the agency's Board of Science Counselors — they were replaced with fossil fuel industry insiders.
"It amounts to a corporate takeover of the agency, in its decision- and policy-making functions,” Robert Weissman, the president of Public Citizen, a government watchdog group, told the Times. Pruitt and the Trump administration have made their strategy for the EPA as transparent as possible, and they have wasted no time implementing it.
The editorial team at the Huffington Post has officially asked management to recognize the Writers Guild of America, East as its union.
In recent months, the newsrooms of several digital media organizations (including Gawker, Salon and ThinkProgress) have unionized with the Writers Guild. A similar effort has been underway at The Huffington Post — which, like TechCrunch, is owned by AOL, and which in turn is owned by Verizon.
According to a Writers Guild announcement, “an overwhelming majority” of the 350-person HuffPost editorial staff has signed union cards. The announcement also includes this statement from the HuffPost organizing committee:
HuffPost employees came together to form a union to ensure that we have a voice in the company's future. A union is a practical way to both preserve what's working and advocate for necessary changes. In just a few months, staff across the country united around key issues including: transparent and equitable compensation, clear job responsibilities, editorial freedom and independence, diversity in the newsroom and consistent management protocols on hiring, firing and discipline. We've appreciated the support we've publicly received from our Editor-in-Chief and are proud to embrace the opportunity to work with our colleagues at HuffPost and other newly unionized digital media newsrooms. We cherish working here and want to ensure that The Huffington Post continues to set industry-wide standards and stands by its ideals of editorial innovation and sustainable workplace practices.
I've reached out to The Huffington Post for comment and will update if I hear back.
Major League Eating (MLE) is an organization that organises professional competitive eating events and television specials. The stated mission of Major League Eating is to maintain a safe environment for all events, to create a dynamic and enjoyable fan experience, and to help sponsors develop, publicize and execute eating events in a wide variety of food disciplines.[1] The league airs its annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July International Hot Dog Eating Contest on ESPN.
Brothers George and Richard Shea took over Nathan's publicity in the mid-1990s and were able to increase the exposure and attendance of Nathan's hot dog eating contest. Seeing a business opportunity, the brothers founded International Federation of Competitive Eating (IFOCE) in 1997 as a sanctioning body to oversee/regulate/organize events/TV deals. The primary professional league is known as Major League Eating.
Major League Eating coordinates events in the United States and Canada.
History [ edit ]
The International Federation of Competitive Eating, Inc. (IFOCE) is an organization that supervises and regulates eating contests across the globe, acting as a central resource for the sport. Top events include the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest, La Costena "Feel the Heat" Jalapeño Eating Challenge, and the Krystal Square Off World Hamburger Eating Championship and the National Buffalo Wing Festival. The IFOCE was founded in 1997 by brothers George and Richard Shea.
The IFOCE counts thousands of competitors in its league, including top-ranked eaters such as Joey Chestnut of California, "Megatoad" Matt Stonie of California, Sonya Thomas of Virginia, and "Notorious B.O.B." Bob Shoudt of Philadelphia. As of July 4, 2010 , the IFOCE was in a dispute with Takeru Kobayashi of Japan over whether competitors may also participate in contests not sanctioned by the IFOCE.[2] The IFOCE develops, promotes and runs more than one hundred events in all variety of venues during its annual circuit.
The organization also produces television shows on competitive eating. In 2002, IFOCE produced Glutton Bowl, a two-hour eating event on the Fox Network. In 2007 the IFOCE produced four one-hour programs for Spike TV under the title Chowdown. In 2006, the IFOCE produced three hours of programming on ESPN, including a one-hour live show on the 2005 Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest and one-hour shows on the Johnsonville Foods Bratwurst contest and the Krystal Hamburger contest. The Alka-Seltzer U.S. Open of Competitive eating, a three-hour elimination tournament was a 2005 IFOCE production. In addition, the IFOCE produced four 30-minute shows under the title of Tour de Gorge and six 30-minute shows titled Eats of Strength for INHD.
The IFOCE's primary league is known as Major League Eating.
Gonzo journalist Ryan Nerz emceed the competition in 2003, after which they wrote their book Eat This Book.[3]
Nationwide branches [ edit ]
The IFOCE maintains principal offices in New York City and operates in the United States. The Discovery Channel, Travel Channel, the TV Food Network and the UK's Channel Four have also aired one-hour documentaries on eating and the IFOCE and Fox Television aired a two-hour IFOCE championship.
The IFOCE maintains a ranking system for competitions it has sanctioned. IFOCE safety measures ensure that all sanctioned matches occur in a controlled environment under the supervision of a licensed emergency medical technician and that only individuals over the age of eighteen compete.
Mustard Yellow Belt [ edit ]
The Mustard Yellow Belt is the organization's signature championship belt. The belt was rediscovered by IFOCE member Mike DeVito in 1993 after being lost for more than two decades in Japan. DeVito received the belt after winning an eating match against Japan's Orio Ito. The belt was restored by the Shea brothers and is now renowned in the competitive eating world. It was held by Takeru Kobayashi from 2001 to 2006 but Kobayashi was beaten by Joey Chestnut in 2007 and the world record setting Chestnut held the Championship Belt for eight years until Matthew Stonie (Eater YouTuber) beat them at the July Fourth Hot Dog Eating Contest in 2015.[4] Chestnut however reclaimed the title in 2016 when they ate 70 hot dogs. Joey won again in 2017 with 72 hot dogs. In 2018, Chesnut won their 11th title with 74 hotdogs.
TV ratings [ edit ]
The ESPN2 telecast of the 2014 Nathan's event generated a 1.6 rating and 2.8 million viewers, making it the most watched telecast in the contest's history.[5] The ESPN2 airing also ranks as the 6th highest-rated and 5th most-watched telecast of the year on ESPN2, behind NCAA Football, NBA and World Cup.[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
International Federation of Competitive Eating
Major League Eating: The Game
6 months ago I listened to a podcast, and learned for the first time about this mechanical keyboard thing.
I was intrigued and began reading about it.
3 weeks later I bought a wasd code.
I kinda liked it, but not that much. The blue switches, together with the thin keycaps felt flimsy and hollow. The typing experience wasn't what I imagined it to be.
More research, and I've learned about the different types of switches. I returned blues and replaced with a tenkeyless greens.
The sound and tactile feel of the green switches was better, but the typing experience still wasn't there.
I'm looking for mechs on Craigslist and find this old Northgste keyboard. I google and find its an old classic. Trying to buy it didn't work, but I'm getting hooked to old school keyboards. Shortly after, I venture with an Apple Extended Keyboard 2.
The AEK2 felt like a dream. But it's 30 years old keys start to die one after the other.
I've turned into a keyboard doctor and gave it an open-heart surgery.
I'm delving deeper into mechs, and spend hours at r/MechanicalKeyboards/.
I heard about Massdrop. This horrible site detached me from hundreds of dollars.
There is more to mechanical keyboards than just the switches. As it turned out keycaps is an entire area that I wasn't aware of. I'm learning about all the different profiles. SA looked awesome, but there is a Granit DSA drop in Massdrop, and I can't hold myself from committing to it.
I need to see and try more keyboards than I can buy, so I'm starting a mechanical keyboard meetup.
The granit drop was closed 2 and I'm getting the keys 3 months later.
I'm swapping the crappy wasd keys, but finding that the stabilizers won't fit into the new granit keycaps, so I buy silicon tape and wrap it over the stabilizers to make it fit more closely with the new granits.
My renewed code can finally compete with the AEK2; compete but never win...
What have become of me... How have I been sucked into this world...?
Anyway, I'm starting to feel an itch for a portable mech. For travels. Going to hunt a 60% drop.
The lesson: never listen to podcasts again.
The Ottawa Senators have traded center Jason Spezza and prospect Ludwig Karlsson to the Dallas Stars for forward Alex Chiasson, prospects Nicholas Paul and Alex Guptill and a second-round draft pick in 2015.
Editor's Picks By adding Jason Spezza, the Stars are in a strong position to make some noise in next season's playoffs, writes Scott Burnside. Story
Story More from ESPN.com Craig Custance gives the Stars an A-plus and the Senators a B-minus for their efforts in the Jason Spezza deal. 1 Related
Spezza had been on the trading block for weeks after requesting a deal from Ottawa, with both the Stars and St. Louis Blues emerging as two of the most aggressive suitors in acquiring the former Senators captain.
Stars general manager Jim Nill won that sweepstakes, adding one of the top centers available to a lineup that already boasts young pivot Tyler Seguin and star forward Jamie Benn.
The team also signed free agent forward Ales Hemsky on Tuesday to a contract reportedly worth $12 million over three years.
Hemsky and Spezza were briefly teammates in Ottawa last season.
"I'm thrilled because we had great chemistry at the end of the year," said Spezza. "So it's nice to hear. We got to know each other pretty well pretty quickly."
The 31-year-old Spezza is coming off a 23-goal, 66-point season for the Senators. They have recorded four seasons of 30 goals or more in their 11 years with Ottawa.
Spezza has one year remaining on a seven-year deal that pays them $7 million annually.
They were one of the top three centers that became available on the trading block leading up to what has already been a wild offseason.
Ryan Kesler was shipped from the Vancouver Canucks to Anaheim Ducks last week, and the San Jose Sharks are dangling Joe Thornton, though they maintain that they would like to remain a member of the Sharks and has a no-move clause that allows them to stay put.
Jason Spezza, who had 23 goals and 43 assists for Ottawa last season, was traded to the Dallas Stars. Graig Abel/Getty Images
The deal sending Spezza to the Stars comes on the heels of the former first-round pick (second overall in 2001) vetoing a trade to the Nashville Predators last weekend. Senators GM Bryan Murray had a deal in place that would have sent Spezza to the offensively challenged Predators, but they exercised their no-trade clause and nixed the deal, a move that seemed to irritate both Murray and Predators GM David Poile.
After the deal fell through, Poile said they didn't want to pitch Spezza on coming to Nashville if they aren't interested in playing for the organization.
Now, Spezza has found a home in the Western Conference with a Stars team that surprised many with an encouraging turnaround this season. Dallas lost in the Western Conference quarterfinals in a nasty first-round match against the Ducks.
The 30-year-old Hemsky, meanwhile, spent their first 10 seasons with Edmonton before a midseason trade to the Senators in March. The Czech winger has 146 goals and 348 assists in 672 games.
The Stars also signed goalie Anders Lindback to a one-year contract. The 26-year-old appeared in 23 regular-season games and all four playoff games for Tampa Bay last season. The four-year veteran has a .904 save percentage and 2.74 goals-against average for their career.
ESPN.com's Pierre LeBrun and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
France hasn't yet fixed a date for delivery of the first of two Mistral helicopter carriers to Russia (scheduled for November 14), the French defense minister said. If France doesn't deliver due to US and NATO pressure, it will have to pay a huge forfeit.
"No delivery date can be fixed at this stage," Jean-Yves Le Drian, the country's defense minister told the National Assembly, the lower house of France's Parliament.
"The president of the Republic has said that a definitive decision will come at the right moment, taking into account all the responsibilities that come with this decision, which is not a simple one," they added.
READ MORE:France to hand over first Mistral helicopter carrier on Nov 14 – Russia
Рособоронэкспорт получил приглашение на 14 ноября для передачи России первого «Мистраля» и спуска на воду второго pic.twitter.com/PJY5q3bLNT — Dmitry Rogozin (@Rogozin) October 29, 2014
On Thursday, reports emerged that Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin will not attend the ceremony where France hands over the first Mistral ship to Russia at the Saint-Nazaire shipyards. On October 29, they said that Moscow had received an invitation to take delivery.
DCNS, a French industrial group specializing in naval defense and energy, sent the invitations to the ceremony of the ship delivery scheduled November 14, France's Le Nouvel Observateur magazine wrote on Wednesday. However, the event was canceled.
The outlet managed to take a screenshot of the letter which was sent to a French official.
“When I opened my mail, I fell off my chair," the official told the magazine on condition of anonymity.
The chief of DCNS would not confirm whether this letter, signed by the export manager, was authentic. The official line is that these invitations were issued by mistake and the project manager was subsequently fired.
Moscow and Paris signed a €1.12 billion ($1.6 billion) deal to build two Mistral helicopter carriers in June 2011. The contract says that Russia was supposed to receive the first of the two warships, the Vladivostok, in October 2014.
Delivery, however, has been postponed due to the conflict in Ukraine and pressure applied by the US and EU on France to cancel the contract.
Western allies have been pushing Paris for months, saying that France has to make sacrifices to meet its commitment to oppose Moscow through sanctions over the crisis in Ukraine.
The second Mistral-class helicopter carrier, the Sevastopol, is expected to be handed over to Russia next year.
READ MORE:NATO has no money, capability to buy out Russia-bound Mistral warships – source
At the beginning of November, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg received a letter from eight US lawmakers, urging the Alliance to purchase the Mistral vessels.
“Sensitive to the financial burden that France may incur should it rightly refuse to transfer these warships to Russia, we renew our call that NATO purchase or lease the warships as a common naval asset,” the letter said.
However, a military source in Brussels told the TASS news agency that "NATO's budget is too small to not only purchase Russia-ordered Mistral helicopter carriers, but to even compensate France half of the penalties in accordance with the contract.”
NATO's military and civilian budget for 2014 is $ 1.6 billion, while the penalty for non-delivery of the two Mistral helicopter carriers to Russia could reach $ 3 billion, the source explained.
People in Saint-Nazaire in western France where the ships are being built have repeatedly taken to the streets for demonstrations saying that if France failed to sell the warships, it would harm not only its image, but its economy as well. They also stated that Russia should not be perceived as an enemy.
It could be the end of the World Wide Web as we know it: After rolling out just 22 top-level domains in the past 10 years, Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), the nonprofit formed in 1998 to coordinate the Internet's naming system, is flinging the doors open on Thursday, allowing companies, organizations and cities to register for any generic top-level domain (gTLD) they want.
While most of the websites people visit now typically have extensions like .com, .org or .edu, companies and organizations will essentially be able to make up their own starting this week. For example, if Pepsi buys .pepsi, it can launch its own drink.pepsi website.
By the time the process is finished in 2013, Web addresses could start to look less like the streamlined World Wide Web we know today and more like the Wild Wild West. "We're talking about a large number of words," ICANN spokesperson Brad White said. It means a large number of characters as well, in Chinese, Greek, Hebrew, Arabic and Cyrillic -- which White says "can dramatically increase the Internet penetration rates" globally.
Why so expansive of a move? "The whole reason we're doing this is to increase competition and innovation on the Internet," White explained. "We were devised by the U.S. government to increase innovation and competition in the domain space. What we're trying to do is give innovators a blank palette here. We don't know how innovators will use this new gTLD space to come up with new ways to use the Internet. The most exciting thing is not what we can visualize, but what we can't."
Some entrepreneurs are visualizing this as a big moneymaker, and planning to place their stakes as domain-name speculators, according to a recent report in The Wall Street Journal. Some of the in-demand properties include .eco, .bank and .wine.
The opportunities may be endless, but the costs and requirements are exclusionary. It costs $185,000 just to apply for a gTLD, which is "a drop in the bucket compared to the costs of running an Internet registry," White said. "Applicants have to show they have they appropriate capital and technical understanding. The guidebook of how to apply for this thing is 300 pages long. It's not one-size-fits-all, and we don't want people to be caught unaware of what it takes."
That means while corporations like Pepsi shouldn't have a problem registering for.pepsi, smaller businesses may be shut out. ICANN does offer an Applicant Support program that provides financial and nonfinancial assistance to what it calls "deserving applicants," based on three criteria sets: public interest benefit, financial need and financial capabilities.
Although skeptics wonder about possible issues with security or fraud, White said the new space is safer than the existing one. "Rights holders can register to protect their trademark even if they're not applying for a domain," they say. "We do background criminal checks of prospective registry operators, have a trademark clearinghouse and a different dispute resolution program. Current threats were analyzed and the defenses against them were improved upon."
The deadline for applications is Apr. 12.
Low income Americans, more than any other income group, are angry with immigrants, believing that they are taking their jobs, healthcare and housing.
Providing a rare view into the battle between the poor and immigrants, the Pew Research Center found that 44 percent of the “least financially secure” in America believe immigrants hurt the United States because “they take our jobs, housing and health care.”
The results are from Pew's new American Trends Panel, a nationally representative panel of randomly selected U.S. adults surveyed online and by mail.
Pew found that the political views of the poor are generally more liberal than the rich, except on immigration:
On only one item – perceptions of the economic impact of immigrants – are the least financially secure more conservative than those who are better off: 44% of the least secure say immigrants are a burden on the U.S. because “they take our jobs, housing and health care.” That is considerably higher than the share of the most financially secure (27%) who express this view.
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com.
The genus, or rather family, of Epeira, is here characterized by many singular forms; some species have pointed coriaceous shells, others enlarged and spiny tibiae.
It is a shrub with upright stalks, alternate leaves, coriaceous and pink-lilac inflorescences, which has a fragile physiognomy and low resilience (SALIMENA & SILVA, 2009).
Leaves alternate, spiral or distichous; petiolate or subsessile, presence of pulvinus; extrafloral nectaries absent or present, convex, sessile or stipitate, located between the pairs of leaflets or on the petiole; leaflets 1-many pairs, papyraceous to coriaceous , elliptic to oblong, lanceolate to obovate, apex acuminate, rounded to mucronate, base oblique.
Leaf blade chartaceous, coriaceous , margin margin revolute plane Number of lateral (5-) 8 to 12 5 to 7 veins on each side Branching, 5 to 6- forked, 5 to 8-forked, axillary position and size axillary to the distalmost leaves, of dichasia distalmost leaves, to 5.
5 S Simple leaves, C Compound leaves, H Herbaceous, Co Coriaceous , F Fleshy, M Membranous, Meg Mcgaphyll (larger than 164,025 [mm.
Mature leaves were considered coriaceous in texture, free of pubescence and presented a mild fragrance when crushed.
The leaves are stalked, flat, curved, lanceolate, coriaceous , with pages equally green and shiny, and contain an aromatic oil of a smell akin to peppermint.
2006), and adaptations, such as coriaceous leaves, thorns and 8trichomes, have emerged to minimize predation events (OliverosBastida, 2008).
Besides, it has apex acuminate, base cordate, margin entire or dentate, sub coriaceous , fulvous tomentose, 7-nerved at base.
rzedowskii Croat differs in having more coriaceous blades with broadly concave lateral margins which are truncate to subcordate at the base.
1E) with coriaceous reticulate sculpture, barely pubescent with sparse and shorter setae in mesopleural triangle.
This review may contain light spoilers. Skip To The Verdict? »
Jonah Hex must be synonymous with the modern western comic. With 14 books out, it's probable that in many comic stores it's the only western on the shelf.
This might be a good and bad thing.
While Jonah Hex: Counting Corpses is the 9th book on Jimmy Palmiotti and Justin Gray‘s generally solid ongoing, there hasn't been an amazing amount of variety in the kind of story presented.
If you didn't like the previous books, you might not like this one. Personally, I couldn't wait to get into it.
The collection starts off with The Hyde House Massacre illustrated by Paul Gulacy, last seen back in Guns Of Vengeance. The first half is a bit of a treat, running as an almost silent comic.
Their art carries it well, with the transitions clear and action visceral even without sound effects.
I love when a comic pulls this off and sequences like this are great to point towards when someone tries to define “comics” by the inclusion of written words.
The second half runs more than expected, even ending with Hex riding off into the sunset, uttering very Hex-like words. It was a good start to the book though – nice to see the authors attempting small experiments.
My only real complaint with this story was that the primary female character isn't illustrated nearly as well as the males – I'm not sure why I've had this complain so often with Jonah Hex comics, but it's probably a problem with comics as a whole. Here, while they are hyper-sexualized, my actual complaint is that their face just doesn't seem like it's part of the same illustration in many of the panels.
Sometimes it's obviously the lighting – all the males have deep shadows, yet she's clearly lit, even though there's no indication of how this is happening. It looks as if their face was pasted into the scene. The head being just a tad too big doesn't help either. Very odd.
The second issue collected is the most important to Hex continuity. Titled The Great Silence and illustrated by Darwyn Cooke, it's one that may take you by surprise.
Of the stories in the book, I found it to be the most memorable.
Cooke's art, here at an exaggerated level of cartoon styling, sets the reader up for a fall.
Coupled with an introduction containing some of the funniest sequences yet in a Hex comic, Cooke was a perfect choice for what ends up being one of the darkest stories.
It's the juxtaposition that makes this one so unique – a more realistic or “gritty” style would cheapen the events.
While it may not be as accessible to people not already familiar with the characters, the drastic heights and depths of this short story, coupled with the simple-at-first-glance art, would make for intriguing study.
Being wary of spoiler and space concerns, I'll save further discussion for another time. I do want to mention that it starts with an absolutely classic (and hilarious) “jumping a gorge on a horse, in front of the sun, while shooting people below” two-page spread that I've found unfortunately impossible to reproduce well.
Next up is The Divining Rod. This story, a bit of whodunit featuring a widow and a preacher, is notable mainly because it reunites legendary artist Dick Giordano with the character – as a contributor to the 1977 title, they last drew Jonah in 1984.
Giordano is certainly a quality craftsman, and it's always impressive to see work by anyone with a more than 50 year career drawing comics. I couldn't honestly say it's their best work in this issue, though, and the story doesn't really separate itself from the pack. Not really disappointing, just a few inconsistent panels here and there.
There is one two-page spread of some interest, with no panel borders and some relatively unique use of space, but I feel like it was probably better in the pencils and black and white inks – it's hard for the colors to deal with such a dynamic layout.
The next tale, Too Mean to Die, features Jordi Bernet. It seems that Hex just can't end up in a swamp without running into some blood thirsty hicks.
Bernet brings their customary strength with mood and male expression, as well as customary cookie-cutter/hair change women – though it's not as noticeable when there is only one woman in a story.
Over the books, their work has grown on me in some ways, and I'm more attuned to little details – Hex's leach covered body, baying dogs barely seen through the legs of a group of men. I liked how this particular story featured wide variation in panel size – small jagged ones all the way to several full page panels that were more story driven than pin-up style renderings.
“You'll Never Dance Again” follows Hex while they set a trap for a gang of train robbers. The title already gives away a little too much about the ending of this story, so I'll avoid giving any more detail.
The art is by Billy Tucci (Shi), who I wasn't particularly familiar with. Their style is very nice, with a lot of soft hatching and meticulous detail.
They bring a careful eye to hands, pistols and lovingly crafted trains. It is a slight shame that the main female isn't quite as well rounded (magically inflating continuity breaking boobs being one issue) but their highway men and extras are quite memorable.
Of particular note is their fluid approach to violence, with great understanding of physics (sometimes exaggerated for effect) and darkly satisfying death postures. In wider shots, the work felt a bit reminiscent of Dezuniga's modern stuff. I think I'll look forward to seeing Tucci's pencils again.
The last story, Shooting Stars, again with Bernet, features appearances by a couple past Hex characters. Most notably, The Star Man, is back – exciting to me since I really love that guy and almost wish they had their own ongoing.
This story was relatively light weight – some bounty hunting mix ups and enjoyable interactions. Nothing too dark or laugh out loud funny, but of the quality I've come to expect from Bernet and the writers.
I even enjoyed super-joke-of-a-skank Chula‘s return.
I admit, I'm starting to notice how often I have to complain about the art being of inconsistent quality between male and female characters – it's true that this is a pet peeve of mine and possible that this book isn't a prime offender.
Bernet simply draws their ladies as they like them and I'm sure it fits the preference of many male readers.
So did Jonah Hex: Counting Corpses break the mold? Not really.
Along with the rest of the series, with a few small exceptions, they're tales of betrayal and retribution. The draw is violence, violence to avenge harms perpetrated on those seeking to make a life out in the wild west. This is a general trend in DC's Westerns, much like their superhero books – their most successful hero (and possibly the most successful modern comicbook hero) Batman, is an iconic figure of vengeance, fighting a war against crime to avenge one murder witnessed in childhood.
It's a theme that must resonate with many readers. Often, I'm one of them.
But when combined with largely anecdotal storytelling – the usual Jonah Hex issue floats in time, a small segment of their life, but with some conclusion (usually bloody) for another character – this general theme can get a little tiring. Maybe there is a place on the shelves for a Western book exploring a different type of protagonist?
Perhaps the problem isn't with the title, though. Jonah Hex is a comic in the classic fashion and it's possible that it doesn't work as well for reading habits developed alongside modern uber-arc epics (such as crossovers like Brightest Day or intricate self contained titles like Y: The Last Man.)
To put it plainly, you might not want to read a stack of Jonah Hex books straight through.
I am, however, eagerly awaiting the release of the next trade collection. One month between each tale of Hexual violence is about perfect – several months seems too long!
Verdict:
3 out of 5. Not the best of the Hex books, but containing at least one stand-out tale. Jimmy Palmiotti and Justin Gray continue bringing what fans expect.
Darwyn Cooke and The Great Silence are the highlight of this volume, but there is some other work worth seeing. Buy it if you are a fan of Hex.
If you're looking for an introduction, there are other books that will better serve your needs.
Essential Continuity:
For Jonah Hex, yes. Each modern Hex trade (so far) has included at least one story that shouldn't be missed.
Read first:
Read Showcase Presents Jonah Hex and/or Jonah Hex: Welcome to Paradise. Paradise contains the condensed version of Hex's origin, with a couple extra (but lower quality) issues tacked on.
The contemporary series has been collected in Jonah Hex: Face Full of Violence, Jonah Hex: Guns of Vengeance, Jonah Hex: Origins, Jonah Hex: Only The Good Die Young, Jonah Hex: Luck Runs Out, Jonah Hex: Bullets Don't Lie, Jonah Hex: Lead Poisoning and Jonah Hex: The Six Gun War.
There are no other optional books for this one, really, but some of those other trades have some additional recommended reading.
Read next:
Following along with the DC Comics Reading Order, the DC Westerns and Jonah Hex‘s own list, the next book will be the 2010 original graphic novel Jonah Hex: No Way Back. It technically came out before this trade, but around the time of the last issue collected here, so we're placing it after.
I'm looking forward to it – expect that review soon!
« Back to the top?
There is evidence that the rapid rate of growth might not be sustainable and that the economy has vulnerabilities.
Growth in Poland's G.D.P., which remained robust in the first years of the financial crisis — 4.5 percent in 2011, for instance, according to the World Bank — slowed the last two years, to 1.9 percent in 2012 and 1.6 percent last year. The government's budget deficit is at worrisome levels and consumer spending, which fueled the Polish economy early in the crisis, has begun to slacken.
But even with its limits, the strength of the Polish economy has helped give the country additional credibility and influence in Europe, especially as other countries, like France, Spain and Italy, have stumbled. The most recent evidence for this was the election of Donald Tusk, Poland's prime minister, as president of the European Council, the first leader from a former Soviet bloc nation to hold such a top-level position.
“It is a source of great satisfaction that our voice is better heard and the Polish prominence in European politics is growing,” President Bronislaw Komorowski said in an interview.
Poland, with more than 38 million citizens, is by far the most populous of the former Soviet satellite states; four times the size of the Czech Republic, for instance. And it has by far the largest economy in the region.
Stanislaw Gomulka, a lecturer for 35 years at the London School of Economics and a longtime adviser to the Polish government, was one of the economists who shaped the “shock therapy” that transformed the Polish economy after the collapse of the Soviet Union and laid the groundwork for the current prosperity. They say those early reforms played a major role in Poland's economic vitality, as did the auspicious arrival of a gush of European Union aid — so far about 139 billion euros, or $180 billion, with an additional 106 billion euros, or $138 billion, set to land by 2020.
“The E.U. money became available in May of 2005, but it took about three years to produce suitable projects on which to spend it, so the investment started to hit the economy just as the financial crisis was happening,” Mr. Gomulka said. “That's where the luck comes in.”
Brooklyn Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov is ready for a long goodbye.
The Russian billionaire, unable to sell a minority stake in the money-losing NBA franchise, now plans to off-load a controlling stake in the team, two sources close to the situation told The Post.
However, Prokhorov is hoping to sell the Nets in a two-part process, the sources said. First, the 52-year-old will look to sell a minority piece of the team — but give the buyer the right to buy the entire team in a short period of time — say three years, the sources said.
“There will be a new owner in the next few years,” one of the sources said.
Prokhorov, after the NBA's Houston Rockets sold earlier this month for a record price of $2.2 billion, is seeking roughly $2 billion for the Nets, sources said.
In July, The Post reported exclusively that Prokhorov, growing frustrated at the glacial pace of the effort to sell up to 49 percent of the team, was warming up to the idea of letting go of the team entirely.
Since then, the eventual sale of 100 percent of the team has become the primary goal.
“The path to control is what is sparking this [revamped] auction,” a source said.
Prokhorov is not selling the separately owned Barclays Center, where the Nets play, sources said. The Nets, who had the NBA's worst record last season, recently reworked their lease with Barclays in a way that will leave the Nets paying less rent, a source said.
Suitors are waiting for the details of the new lease agreement to be hammered out before submitting formal offers, a source said. Key to determining a franchise value is how much revenue the team will receive from suite rentals and sponsorships.
Potential buyers are also waiting on details on the path to control, the source said.
The Nets believe they can attract a selling price of at least $2 billion, especially after Tilman Fertitta agreed to buy the Rockets for $2.2 billion, sources said.
The Rockets are profitable, however, and the Nets next season are still expected to lose money.
There are interested buyers, including Wall Street types, who have been doing due diligence on the team, sources said.
Alibaba Executive Vice Chairman Joe Tsai has expressed an interest in the team, a source told The Post, though reps for their family office, Blue Pool Capital, deny it.
Prokhorov acquired the Nets in 2010. There is speculation on why they want to retain control for a few more seasons.
“I think they save face by being a partner in a two-step transaction,” a source said.
Prokhorov promised when buying the team that within five years they would bring the Nets an NBA title. That promise was not kept.
After failing to keep that promise, they have turned their focus to real estate. By keeping the arena, they can start building their portfolio, the source said.
The Nets declined to comment by press time.
A man carries buckets filled with water on the banks of the river Ganges in Allahabad, India March 4, 2016. Some 650 million people, or one in 10 of the world's population, have no access to safe water, putting them at risk of infectious diseases and...more
A man carries buckets filled with water on the banks of the river Ganges in Allahabad, India March 4, 2016. Some 650 million people, or one in 10 of the world's population, have no access to safe water, putting them at risk of infectious diseases and premature death. Dirty water and poor sanitation can cause severe diarrhoeal diseases in children, killing 900 under-five a day across the world, according to United Nations estimates. World Water Day, marked this year on March 22, highlights various concerns about the world's water resources, and in 2016 is focusing on how good access to safe water can create paid work and contribute to a greener economy. REUTERS/Jitendra Prakash
Close
The refrain that Mexican drug cartels "now maintain a presence in over 1,000 cities" has been widely heard ever since the claim was first made in a 2011 report by the now defunct National Drug Intelligence Center (NDIC). But the Washington Post reported Sunday that it isn't true.
The US-Mexico border. The cartels are mainly on the other side of the fence. (wikimedia.org)
The figure is "misleading at best," law enforcement sources and drug policy analysts told the Post. The number was arrived by asking law enforcement agencies to self-report and not based on documented criminal cases involving Mexico's drug trafficking organizations, the so-called cartels.
DEA and Justice Department officials speaking off the record told the Post they didn't believe the numbers.
"It's not a DEA number," said a DEA official who requested anonymity. "We don't want to be attached to this number at all."
"I heard that they just cold-called people in different towns, as many as they could, and said, 'Do you have any Mexicans involved in drugs? And they would say, 'Yeah, sure,' " a Justice Department official told the Post, also anonymously.
The Post also interviewed police chiefs in towns with supposed cartel presence who said they were surprised to be included in the list of cities penetrated by the cartels. "That's news to me," Middleton, NH police chief Randy Sobel told the Post. Corinth, MS, police chief David Lancaster told the Post. "I have no knowledge of that."
Drug policy and drug trafficking analysts also scoffed at the number.
"They say there are Mexicans operating here and they must be part of a Mexican drug organization," said Peter Reuter, a University of Maryland professor and former co-director of the Rand Corporation's Drug Policy Research Center. "These numbers are mythical, and they keep getting reinforced by the echo chamber."
"Washington loves mythical numbers," former longtime Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) official John Carnevale told the Post. "Once the number is out there and it comes from a source perceived to be credible, it becomes hard to disprove, almost impossible, even when it's wrong."
The analysts said the claim was part of pattern in the drug war of promoting questionable statistics to justify drug enforcement budgets.
"At a time when agency budgets are being cut, you want to demonstrate that you are protecting the public from a menace," said Eric Sterling, president of the Criminal Justice Policy Foundation, a drug- and policing-policy reform group. "If you say there are Mexican henchmen in 1,000 cities, you don't want to cut their budget."
The unjustifiably high number also resulted from definitional problems with the NDIC's effort.
"These definitions are interchangeable and indistinguishable," said Peter Andreas, a Brown University professor whose book "Smuggler Nation" was recently reviewed here. "This is a particularly egregious example of a pattern that unfortunately has not gotten a lot of scrutiny."
The "1,000 cities" canard isn't the only cartel myth widely circulating. For years, law enforcement in the Western US has claimed that Mexican cartels are behind large-scale marijuana grows in national forests and other public lands.Then, in January of this year, ONDCP was forced to admit there was no evidence of cartel involvement in such marijuana grows.
"Based on our intelligence, which includes thousands of cell phone numbers and wiretaps, we haven't been able to connect anyone to a major cartel," Tommy Lanier, head of ONDCP's National Marijuana Initiative, admitted to the Los Angeles Times in January.
They said law enforcement had long mislabeled marijuana grown on public land as "cartel grows" because Mexican nationals had been arrested in some cases and because raising the cartel threat was good for getting federal funding.
But Lanier's admission hasn't stopped local law enforcement from trying to play the cartel card. At least three have done so just this month: Police in San Luis Obispo, California said a marijuana grow there was "associated with Mexican drug cartels" even though no one has been arrested. Police in Grass Valley, California, warned of an "illegal Mexican cartel grow." And, police in Cedar City, Utah, said that marijuana grows on public lands were "big business for the Mexican drug cartels that operate them."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ultrasound technology has been shown to speed up recovery for patients with broken bones
Doctors in the Scottish city which pioneered the use of ultrasound to scan the body are now using it to heal broken bones.
Orthopaedic surgeon Angus MacLean has been using the technology at Glasgow's Royal Infirmary's fracture clinic.
It has been shown to speed up recovery times for patients with severe fractures by more than a third.
Ultrasound was first developed as a diagnostic tool in Glasgow in the 1950s.
Mr MacLean said: "We use it for difficult fractures, the ones with problems with healing, and it's a very simple, painless treatment that we can give.
"It's a very interesting scientific development and there's good evidence that it just vibrates the cells a little which then stimulates healing and regeneration in the bone."
A team of specialists, led by Professor Ian Donald, produced the first images of the body using a technology adapted from sonar at Glasgow's Western Infirmary.
It has become one of the most common medical technologies in the world.
My leg healed after four months and I'm looking to go back to work within eight months Gary Denham, Patient
But it is only now, 50 years later, that its potential for aiding the healing process is being unlocked.
Apprentice engineer Gary Denham was offered ultrasound treatment after they fell 20ft (6m) from a water tank and broke their ankle into eight pieces.
"It's got a wee strap and that goes round where the break was," they explained.
"I put some gel on the probe and then I just put the probe inside the strap and then just basically leave it for 20 minutes. There's no sensation at all, it's completely painless."
Mr Denham's injury was so severe that there was a chance it would never heal and might eventually have to be amputated.
After ultrasound treatment, they were back on their feet within months.
They added: "I'd never heard of it before, but my leg healed after four months and I'm looking to go back to work within eight months."
Because of the costs involved - around £1,000 per patient - ultrasound is only being used on complex fractures at Glasgow Royal Infirmary but Mr Denham's doctor, Mr MacLean, is very happy with the results.
Image caption Orthopaedic surgeon Angus MacLean is leading the use of the technology at Glasgow Royal Infirmary
"Before we used ultrasound I would expect to see this kind of injury healing with some difficulty, and some of them don't heal at all," they said.
"Even if they do heal, it can take between six and 12 months and patients have ongoing pain during that time.
"The evidence suggests that ultrasound speeds things up by about 40%, but the main interest for me is to use it to make sure the bone heals rather than the bone not 'knitting' together which then leads to serious problems."
The technology is similar to that used on pregnant women.
Ultrasound waves are used at a slightly different frequency and a slightly different pulse. Research suggests this encourages cells to remove bacteria, stimulates the production of new bone cells and encourages those cells to mature more rapidly.
It is expected the cost of using ultrasound to treat fractures will reduce over time, making it a cheap way to speed up the healing of common fractures as well as complex ones.
Banana Blueberry Nicecream Sundae. Yes, hot summer days call for ice cream, but for vegans, gluten and dairy free peeps, the challenge lies in finding great ice cream that is totally satisfying, and yet healthy. The good news is, it is no longer necessary to operate a complicated ice cream machine to have great dessert–I made this nicecream with the Dessert Bullet in five minutes. With just frozen fruit, you can create a super healthy dessert without any added sugar, preservatives or chemicals. On a hot summer day, this gadget is a must!
5 from 1 vote Print Banana Blueberry NiceCream Sundae Banana Blueberry Nice Cream. Cool, fresh, tasty. Vegan, gluten free, dairy free Prep Time 15 minutes Total Time 15 minutes Servings 1 Calories 320 kcal Author greenschemetv Ingredients 2 bananas sliced and frozen
1 cup of blueberries frozen
1 tbsp pomegranate seeds
1/4 cup almond or soy milk if using food processor. Instructions I used a Dessert Bullet to make this nice cream. (Link in Resources) After freezing the bananas and blueberries, I mixed them together in a bowl, and inserted them into the chute and pressed. Voila! Swirls of banana and blueberry in ice cream form. Top with pomegranate seeds, or whatever suits your taste buds. If you don't have a Dessert Bullet, you can make nicecream in your food processor by adding the bananas and blueberries and soy or almond milk as needed to create a creamy texture. Nutrition Facts Banana Blueberry NiceCream Sundae Amount Per Serving (1 g) Calories 320 * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
Other desserts like Banana Blueberry Nicecream Sundae that you might enjoy:
Coconut Fruit Wraps
Raw Pomegranate Cheesecake
Mulberry Oats Bars With Coconut Maple Glaze
Banana Nice Cream With Cookie Dough
Vegan Peach Cobbler
Blueberry Pecan Crumble
Peanut Butter Chocolate Cookie Bites
Check out more photos on Instagram.
