I planned to call my first post of the day “The Shifting Meaning of Collusion.” Then I saw the title of Scott's post. That's the disadvantage of waking up at 10:00 in the morning rather than five hours earlier.
But I want to amplify Scott's point. Claims of “collusion” between the Trump campaign and Russia arose in connection with Russian computer hacking. The hacking was the one significant set of acts we knew, or were pretty sure, Russia had committed to interfere with the presidential election.
The question was: did Trump or their team collude with Russia in the hacking? This was the original meaning of “collusion” in the context of the election.
Such collusion would be a serious offense — akin to the Watergate break-in but with the added dimension of involvement by a foreign adversary. We don't want foreign adversaries breaking into the computer files of one of our political parties. A candidate who helped them accomplish this, or encouraged it, would have committed a serious offense against our democracy (and possibly one or more crimes).
So far, however, no evidence has emerged that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia in the computer hacking. And “so far” now means about a year.
Instead, we are told that President Trump's son met with a Russian lawyer who is said to have “Kremlin ties.” Allegedly, they met with them after it was suggested to them that they had information damaging to Hillary Clinton and/or the Democrats. This is, as Scott says, the new meaning of collusion.
The problem is that there's nothing wrong with a campaign operative meeting with a person, Kremlin ties or not, who may have adverse information on the opposing candidate or their party. You can call such a meaning “collusion” for effect if you like, but that's taking liberties.
Did the Washington Post collude with the source who gave it the Billy Bush-Donald Trump p***y grab tape? If the Clinton campaign had received that tape, would it have colluded with the source?
I don't think so. Receiving information is not collusion.
Nor does it become collusion if the provider of the information is distasteful or corrupt. If a political campaign received proof from a mobster that the opposing candidate was in bed with the mob, receipt of this information would not be collusion.
Nor, more to the point, there would not be anything wrong with accepting the information, provided the campaign did nothing improper in exchange for obtaining it — e.g. promising to go easy on the mobster who offered the information.
The Trump, Jr. story isn't about collusion. So far, as Scott says, it's about collusion comedy.
A self-confessed swami, who was a Bigg Boss participant and claimed to have 50 crore followers globally, was slapped a cost of Rs 10 lakh on Thursday for filing a petition which the Chief Justice of India said smacked of a “popularity stunt”. The matter was serious — of citizens filing frivolous petitions and blocking the court's time — but there was laughter in court, courtesy Swami Om Baba's replies to the bench's questions.
Advertising
The timing of the proceeding, perhaps, could not have been more off. The plea came before CJI J S Khehar and Justice D Y Chandrachud hours after they had dealt with the weighty subject of citizens' privacy. Om Baba's petition was about the selection of the CJI. Unfortunately for him, the current CJI has only one working day left in their tenure.
Why they hadn't agitated the matter earlier, the judges asked. Om Baba replied that their state of agitation wasn't new. They had been petitioning the President and Vice-President for over a year. “I have been agitating the matter since your appointment,” Om Baba told the CJI in Hindi, causing an eruption of laughter.
CJI Khehar was unamused. “We feel this is a popularity stunt,” they said. Om Baba, however, wasn't inclined to give up. “By the grace of God, I don't need popularity. I have 50 crore followers all over the world,” they said, not knowing the remark would come back to bite him.
Explaining their point, Om Baba said that under Article 124(2) of the Constitution, the President of India was not required to consult the sitting CJI for the appointment of the next one. CJI Khehar told him: “You can't take the Supreme Court lightly… This habit is increasing. It has to stop.” Om Baba clarified that they were “not levelling any allegation against anyone.” The Chief Justice retorted: “That is the problem…. If you don't satisfy us, we can impose a cost on you.”
The CJI also clarified the Article says the President can consult judges. “I'm also a judge of the SC,” they said. The bench then asked Om Baba if they had read any legal literature before filing the petition. “I'm not a lawyer, only a layperson,” they replied. The court wanted to know how they made a living. They said they gave religious lectures and survived on donations.
Did they consult lawyers? “I spoke to many lawyers, but they all said they don't want to get their licence cancelled,” Om Baba said. As more questions flew at him, they said: “My mouth is dry, you have scared me so much.” Om Baba said their co-petitioner Mukesh Jain had not been allowed to enter the court, which the CJI then facilitated.
The petitioner said some journalists had warned they would be put behind bars. “You mean, people come to you by themselves on seeing you?” Chief Justice Khehar asked. “I was in the Big Boss show. After that I don't have to introduce myself ,” Om Baba said, triggering laughter.
Advertising
The court dismissed the plea and imposed a cost of Rs 10 lakh each on Om Baba and Jain. Om Baba said: “I don't have even Rs 10, let alone Rs 10 lakh.” The CJI replied: “You have 50 crore followers. You can get Re 1 from each.”
Rooney recently helped United secure a record 19th league title
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney has told a Twitter user: "I'll put u asleep within 10 seconds" after being provoked on the social networking site.
The 25-year-old England star, who has a following of over 570,000, was replying to an abusive tweet on Tuesday.
Rooney suggested a meeting at the training ground, tweeting: "hope u turn up if u don't gonna tell everyone ur scared u little nit. I'll be waiting."
In an effort to defuse the situation, Rooney tweeted: "Haha A bit of banter".
The Twitter account belonging to the follower who taunted Rooney was subsequently deleted.
The forward's spokesperson subsequently issued a statement about the incident. "As is made clear in the tweets, this whole exchange is banter," it read.
"There is no suggestion, nor is there any intention of a suggestion, of a real fight."
A number of footballers have already been reprimanded for inappropriate use of Twitter this season.
West Ham striker Carlton Cole was recently charged by the Football Association for improper conduct for remarks made during England's 1-1 draw with Ghana at Wembley in March.
Media playback is not supported on this device Wenger unsure about Twitter
While Liverpool striker Ryan Babel was fined £10,000 for a Twitter post and warned about their future conduct after being linked to a mocked-up picture of referee Howard Webb in a Manchester United shirt after a 1-0 defeat at Old Trafford in the FA Cup.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said that social media sites such as Twitter can be good for relations between players and fans, provided they are not abused.
"At the moment we allow it. We are thinking about how to use it the best way," the Frenchman said.
"It can be very positive because it can be a good communication for the players with the fans which doesn't exist anymore.
"It can as well have negative repercussions for the clubs if it is not well used so we are thinking about it.
"We will see what kind of direction we will go."
Rooney was banned for two matches in April after accepting a Football Association charge for swearing into a TV camera after scoring a hat-trick at West Ham.
On Wednesday night at the Manchester United awards, Rooney's overhead kick against Manchester City at Old Trafford in February was the clear choice for goal of the season.
Portuguese winger Nani received the players' player of the year award, while Javier Hernandez was voted fans' player of the year.
[/caption]
NASA asked the public to vote on where they want the Hubble Space Telescope to be pointed in the “Hubble, You Decide” contest. Nearly 140,000 votes were cast online to help decide. And the winner is: a pair of interacting galaxies that look like they are hugging. Called Arp 274 (from the Arp Atlas of Peculiar Galaxies) these two galaxies won over five other celestial candidates. The Hubble observations will be taken during the International Year of Astronomy's “100 Hours of Astronomy,” taking place April 2 – 5. The full-color galaxy image will be released publicly during that time.
Drawn together by their gravity, the two galaxies are starting to interact. The spiral shapes of these galaxies are mostly intact, but evidence can be seen of the gravitational distortions they are creating within each other. When galaxies interact and merge together, the gas clouds inside them often form tremendous numbers of new stars.
According to NASA: “The new picture of Arp 274 promises to reveal intriguing never-before-seen details in the galactic grand slam.”
We'll be sure to post the image when it is released.
Source: Hubblesite
Transcript:
Jason: Check out my super evil Halloween costume. Peter: You're just covered in paper. Jason: This isn't just ANY paper...these are hand-picked pages from all the "Game of Thrones" books to date. Each contains a key moment in which an unexpected or shocking plot development occurs, such as the death of a major character. I'm a giant mass of spoilers! And when people who aren't done with the books realize what I am, it'll be too late! Their subconscious minds will have already absorbed everything! That includes you, too, by the way! Bwahaha! Peter: So I don't have to read all 10 billion pages now? Sweet! Jason: I think we may need a bigger focus group than just each other. Marcus: Hey, I told you to go with those "Doctor Who" scripts.
Target Holding Buy 2, Get 1 Free Deal on All Video Games From November 8 – 14, 2015
Update:
Wario64 has included an image of the Buy 2, Get 1 free promotion, which reveals that it applies to new releases and more expensive titles like Guitar Hero Live and Skylanders SuperChargers:
Here's the Target B2G1 free deal ad starting Sunday. All video games AND all board games. pic.twitter.com/trW413xJ95 — Wario64 (@Wario64) November 4, 2015
Original Story:
One year after previously holding the promotion, Target appears ready to offer a Buy 2, Get 1 free deal on all video games from November 8 – 14, according to a leaked ad.
Posted by Cheap Ass Gamer user LitePink, they say their Target ad arrived early and features a “Buy Two, Get One Free ALL Video Games,” but fail to offer any additional information.
If the promotion is the same as last year's, expect it to extend to all video games on all platforms, including new releases like Fallout 4, Call of Duty: Black Ops 3, and Need for Speed, but not Star Wars Battlefront as it doesn't launch until November 17.
Provided the deal is offered online, and there aren't any restrictions, Canadians will also be able to take advantage of the offer as Target.com now ships to Canada, though there are duties and taxes and additional shipping fees.
When full details are available for Target's Buy 2, Get 1 free deal, we'll let you know.
What games do you plan on buying?
[Source: Cheap Ass Gamer]
Over at Real Clear Politics, Robert Tracinski muses on the degradation of "global warming" into "a textbook case of pseudo-science":
One of the famous characteristics of pseudo-science is that it is "unfalsifiable." That is, the theory is constructed in such a way that there is no evidence that could possibly refute it. The classic example is Freudian psychoanalysis, which tells you that you have an Oedipus Complex, and if you deny it, that's just proof that you're repressing it...
"Climate-change" theory is similarly irrefutable:
So seawater is freezing because it is melting. Note that there is never any pause to acknowledge that maybe scientists should investigate the hypothesis that warming isn't as big or inevitable as they have predicted. No, it's on to the next ad hoc rationalization. That's the basic pattern: an unproven theory reinforces itself in the face of contradictory evidence by generating additional unproven theories.
A relatively small number of us find Big Climate's pretzel-like exertions hilarious and ridiculous. But should we be allowed to do so? To those who believe in their magical "hockey stick", the fake Nobel Laureate Dr Michael Mann's current legal battles are the result of "denialists" denying them the freedom to practice their "science". But look at the actual court cases and a different picture emerges. First, Mann's case before the Virginia Supreme Court:
A conservative advocacy group, the American Tradition Institute, filed the initial request for documents, and the University was apparently inclined to agree to much of the request until Mann, the American Association of University Professors, and other groups urged them not to.
So, yes, ATI is "right-wing" and the University of Virginia isn't. Yet the latter didn't have a problem with the former's freedom-of-information request until Dr Mann shoved their hockey stick into the case and demanded they say no. Who else has muscled their way in? Well, The Washington Post, National Public Radio and a bunch of other impeccably non-right-wing media organizations filed amici briefs - against Mann:
On the other side, the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press has joined 17 media organizations in arguing that the records-request exemption being sought by [Dr Mann and] the university is so broad that it would effectively gut the law at issue, the Virginia Freedom of Information Act, hindering journalists' ability to cover public institutions.
So, if Mann prevails, they would "gut" freedom of information in Virginia. (You can read the full brief here.)
What else would they gut? Well, in their case against me and National Review, amici briefs were filed by, again, the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press, The Los Angeles Times, NBC et al, and the American Civil Liberties Union. And they also weighed in against Mann:
Twenty-four hours later, the ACLU also filed an amicus brief in support of NR and our fellow defendants and against what they call "the intimidating effect such lawsuits can have on free speech." And they're very strong on a couple of key points — that what they call "the value protecting of free speech on issues of public interest" is paramount, and that in suits like these the litigant's goal is not to win or lose but "to intimidate the advocate 'into silence.'"
So, if Mann prevails in the NR case, they would "gut" freedom of speech. The only "denialist" here is Dr Michael E Mann. They want to deny their critics the right to engage in satire, in word-play, and (in the NR/CEI case) metaphor and analogy. Because they are too insecure and dull-witted to defeat their opponents in debate, they insist they must be denied basic freedoms - from freedom of information to freedom of speech, freedom of inquiry to freedom of parody. All this while spending the fall on the campaign trail and in TV ads as an explicitly political activist. So a political figure is also insisting that he, uniquely, must be beyond the usual rough-and-tumble of political debate.
The Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press and the ACLU grasp what's really at stake here. The only denialist is Michael Mann, denier of freedom.
(PS Several readers have asked if I have a legal-defense fund. No, and I don't really care for them. But, if you want to support the cause of free speech, you could do far worse than buy a copy of Lights Out from the SteynOnline bookstore. Or, if you're in the vicinity, swing by to one of the stops on my Florida tour - I'll be giving away my antidote to Mann's hockey stick, the Liberty Stick.)
“I want to tell a story in a new way” – Linklater on Boyhood
"I think the whole thing was overthought. All I had was time to think about everything." Linklater discusses their latest film, Boyhood.
By Christopher McKittrick.
As both a writer and a director, Richard Linklater has undertaken storytelling challenges their entire career. Whether it is the “day in the life” narratives of ordinary people in Slacker or Dazed and Confused, presenting a film in real-time in Tape, weaving real interviews within the narrative of Bernie, or viewing a couple three times over the course of their eighteen year relationship in Before Sunrise, Before Sunset, and Before Midnight, Linklater has developed into something of a master of unconventional storytelling.
On one hand, Boyhood is just another challenge in a filmmaking career full of extraordinary films, yet on the other Boyhood is one of the most exceptional accomplishments in modern cinema storytelling. Linklater shot Boyhood over the course of twelve years, capturing star Ellar Coltrane as they aged from six to eighteen. By filming sequences roughly a year apart for twelve years, Linklater was able to develop the story for Boyhood over a decade of time while intermittently shooting and editing the film, a luxury few filmmakers have had.
Creative Screenwriting spoke to Linklater shortly after Boyhood was selected as the best picture of 2014 by the New York Film Critics Circle, an honor matched by the Boston Society of Film Critics and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association soon afterward.
When you started the first day of shooting Boyhood back in 2002, what did you actually have in terms of the script?
On that day I had the script for that year, and kind of broad outlines for all twelve years. I had the geography of the piece, and I knew it would be very process-orientated because I was allowed this roughly one-year period in between where I could concentrate on the next year. It's such a unique process because as a writer you're not really given that chance because you just write a script. But in this case I got to write a part of a script, shoot it, edit it, and have that inform the continual writing process. That was an incredible gift and opportunity that the time allowed. I think there was a random element to it that had its own timeline and preparation. It's rare that you get to cast somebody and say, “Hey, you're going to play this and come back in a few years.” For example, with Charlie Sexton's character, who is Mason Sr.'s roommate, I said to him, “We'll use you again in six years.” [Laughs] Even the guy who is working on the septic line that comes back as the Assistant Manager of the restaurant, I had to say, “In four years from now, we're going to need you back.” They're just kind of like, “That's so crazy, but yeah!”
There are many aspects of your life and the primary casts' lives that are reflected in the narrative of the film. As a filmmaker, what do you see are the benefits of working so closely with your actors on developing a film's story?
I don't really think the story was developed via the actors. Each year in essence takes in the little bits, but the bigger story kind of pre-existed. People think I asked Ellar, “What did you do in school the other day? Let's make a scene about that!” That never happened. The time we spent together was me just gauging where they were at in their life – what their concerns were and what they were doing. Then I would think, maybe we could move the camping trip up, and we can do this or that. As they got older, I would say, “Next year you meet a girl and you're going to have a teenage talk. I want to make a good scene that's believable with what you would talk about.” I was asking them to collaborate on that scene. It was fun to see them become more and more a participant in their own character. I like to do that with actors, to have them own their characters if nothing else. Ellar's life was pretty unusual – they didn't have the traditional schooling – but obviously mentally and emotionally as they got older we started talking more. There was plenty of reflection that was close to him.
That ties in to what is probably the biggest misconception about your films, especially in the case of the Before movies and Boyhood, where people think the dialogue is improvised which isn't the case.
On one hand, for all the time I spend writing it's kind of an insult, but on the other hand it's the ultimate compliment. The screenwriter in me is insulted, but the director in me is complimented because I want it to feel real. The only way I know how to do that is to actually have it be very tight and rehearsed for it to feel loose. The actors have to know it and feel it so well, so that's more of the filmmaking process that brings that out. It does start with words on page, believe it or not.
I wouldn't know how to improvise. I don't know anyone who does a movie that way. I don't know how it would work. I think you can maybe do it in an emotional scene, like when people or fighting or something, depending on the film.
Because of the way the film was created it is very episodic, which is a structure that tends to be more of a natural fit for television than for film. Were you ever concerned about pacing issues, whether it be during scripting or filming?
No, not really. When I first had the idea I could see the finished film and feel it. It was just like in one sitting all these years would go by and everyone would grow up and the adults would age. It was just one piece to me. I think the tone and the pace of that was kind of inherent in the overall story. I never really worried about it. Actually, Boyhood is sort of an epic on one hand because it covers a lot of ground, a lot of years, and has a lot of scenes and movement, but on the other hand it's pretty intimate. It has the pace of what I wanted to feel like real life. You can look at it any number of ways, as a lot of drama with a lot going on or not much going on depending on how you feel about that.
Because you had so much time to think about the next year's sequence when you were in production was there ever a worry that you might over-think a sequence?
I think the whole thing was overthought. All I had was time to think about everything. I had a year to think about the next year, so I had a good way of putting it on the backburner for a while and coming at it fresh. I didn't really question it. Some of it was very personal and came from my own life and images from my own memory. I trusted it. I said, “Well, if it means something to me all these years later, I think it would mean something to someone else.” That was my ruling principle.
You're a filmmaker who is known for taking on challenges in terms of narratives, whether it's something like Boyhood, using real-life interviews in Bernie, or using a large ensemble in Dazed and Confused. How do you confront these narrative challenges as you write, especially if they ever begin to feel like they're too daunting?
I would think every film ever made or any script every written you feel like you're challenged. I don't know anyone who's like, “Oh, this is easy.” I mean, what are you doing if you're not trying to break new ground? I think the challenge is just inherent in the form itself. It's always going to be tough. I think you just get obsessed with a story you're compelled to tell and then that's the fun part. Then the challenges present themselves. It's usually in how to tell it. There are a lot of stories that seem to have limitations that make it impossible to pull off, but that's you challenging yourself as a storyteller to do something you haven't done before. I want to tell a story in a new way.
I think I have spent much of my life thinking there were new ways to tell stories or that cinema had this endless ability to perceive of things differently from other mediums that I hadn't necessarily seen yet. There are so many stories in the world, but how to tell a story is the fun, challenging area. Sometimes a more traditional approach is the best way to tell a story, and I've made movies that are pretty straightforward and clean in their storytelling, so I revel in that and take on other challenges with the film that are more daunting, like making a period film. Every film feels like it has its cross to bear and has something that is going to make it very difficult.
Although Boyhood doesn't, many of your films take place over the course of a single day or even just a few hours. What draws you to writing films that take place over such short time periods?
They don't all do that, but I do have a lot of films that take place in fairly short amounts of time. I think that there's something sort of primordial in that. Ancient Greek theater is based on the notion that most stories only lasted about twenty-four hours because they thought it wouldn't be believable. I think I always approached film from more of a structural point of view of storytelling. I'm always finding a form, and often that form has a lot to do with the time element of the story versus the plot. There's a time element to all of our lives just inherently and the way we process every day, so I think in a lot of my storytelling methodologies time has largely replaced the notions of what a plot is, which to me feels kind of constructed. Not that life doesn't occasionally offer up a plot twist, but it's always offering you time linearity. It is kind of funny that the guy who makes films in real time, which I've done a few times now and is a challenge, makes this time epic. I think it evens out my ratio. I think I'm back within the statistical norm! [Laughs] When you spent 4200 days in production on one film, it really changes your averages.
You've said in the past that your next film, That's What I'm Talking About, is a “spiritual sequel” to Dazed and Confused. Do you realize that because so many people love that movie that you're playing with fire?
Well, I think the word “spiritual” gets me off the hook. I just shot it and wrapped it recently, and it has nothing to do with Dazed and Confused other than it would be set four years later, when one of the younger characters went off to college. It's a party film. It's really about the beginning of school, not the end of the school year. I guess personally or autobiographically it's kind of in that realm, but it's also a continuation of Boyhood, believe it or not. I don't know if one film can be a sequel to two different movies, but it begins right where Boyhood ends with a guy showing up at college and meeting their new roommates and a girl. It overlaps with the end of Boyhood.
If you've ever been to a sporting event and been frustrated by a completely congested cellular network that renders your smartphone dead in the water, you'll appreciate what the NFL's San Francisco 49ers are planning for their new stadium. When Santa Clara Stadium opens in the fall of 2014, all 68,500 fans who can fit inside the new venue will be able to simultaneously access a superfast Wi-Fi network, with speeds comparable to the high-speed LTE — at least, that's the plan. Ars Technica has the full scoop on how the 49ers plan to eclipse the Wi-Fi capabilities of any modern stadium operating today.
The 49ers senior IT director Dan Williams and CTO Kunal Malik both come from Facebook, where they had plenty of experience building one of the internet's largest and most stable networks. They're bringing that mentality to the 49ers' new stadium — "we see the stadium as a large data center," William told Ars. If all goes according to plan, the stadium will be able to host more than double the Wi-Fi traffic that was seen during Super Bowl XLVII; the Superdome (pictured above) had a Wi-Fi network during the game with a maximum capacity of 30,000 devices.
"We see the stadium as a large data center."
The 49ers plan is certainly ambitious — again, the team hopes to have over 68,000 devices connected without having to limit speeds or bandwidth in any way — but since the team is building from the ground up, it can make design choices that will help achieve this goal. While Williams wouldn't reveal the exact design of the network, they did tell Ars that the stadium will feature "zero to 1,500" Wi-Fi access points. That's a potentially significant jump over the Superdome's 750 during the Super Bowl or the 375 in the New England Patriots' Gillette Stadium. (The Patriots' Wi-Fi network was installed before this past NFL season and has served up to 10,000 fans simultaneously, but the team admits that the system would not be able to serve everyone in a capacity crowd.)
"We'll probably be on, what, the iPhone 7 by then?"
There are definite challenges in the way of the 49ers' ambitious plan — the majority of devices still use 2.4GHz Wi-Fi, which is less effective than the 5GHz frequency which is starting to become more commonplace. While Santa Clara stadium will offer both, 80 percent of Wi-Fi users at Gillette Stadium used 2.4GHz devices last season. The hopes are that by 2014, many of those older devices will be replaced by 5GHz smartphones and tablets. "It's 2013, we have another year and a half of iteration," Williams told Ars. "We'll probably be on, what, the iPhone 7 by then? The move to 5GHz really just makes us lucky. We're doing this at the right time."
Regardless of any potential pitfalls, it seems likely that the new stadium will just be the latest in the movement of high-tech, connected sports venues. By the time the 49ers kick off in 2014, the team plans to have a Wi-Fi network in place that's so powerful, your smartphone won't be able to keep up with it. "The goal is to provide you with enough bandwidth that you would saturate your device before you saturate the network," Williams said. "That's what we expect to do."
US President Barack Obama walks to a group photo session with Russian President Vladimir Putin (L) at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit at Yanqi Lake, China, November 11, 2014 (AFP Photo/Greg Baker)
Washington (AFP) - US President Barack Obama accepted an invitation to meet Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin, as a drive to revive efforts to resolve the Syrian conflict kicked into higher gear.
The announcement that Putin and Obama will hold talks at the United Nations in New York on Monday came as the Russian leader insisted supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was the only way to end the country's war.
US Defense Secretary Ashton Carter, meanwhile, said Moscow and Washington could find ways to cooperate in the crisis, amid an apparent shift on Assad's potential role in any deal to end the four-year war that has killed 250,000 people.
Russia, a longstanding Assad ally, has rankled the West by building up its military presence in Syria.
On Thursday, it sparked fresh alarm by announcing it would carry out naval exercises in the eastern Mediterranean this month and in October.
Putin, meanwhile, said in an interview with US broadcaster CBS that Russia's deployment of attack jets, helicopters and armored vehicles to a Syrian air base was designed to save Assad.
"And it's my deep belief that any actions to the contrary -- in order to destroy the legitimate government -- will create a situation which you can witness now in the other countries of the region or in other regions, for instance in Libya, where all the state institutions are disintegrated," the Russian president said.
- Strained ties -
Syrian officials have said Russia is already helping their fight against Islamic State, which has seized large parts of its territory.
The Syrian military for the first time on Wednesday deployed drones supplied by Russia in its fight against the jihadists, a security source in Damascus said.
Syrian ambassador to Russia Riad Haddad told Interfax news agency that Moscow's assistance would help Syria "finally win against terrorist groups."
The tensions over Syria have further strained ties between Russia and the West which have plunged to Cold War lows over the Ukraine crisis.
However, while the two sides have spent months trading barbs over the Syria conflict, the flood of refugees on Europe's doorstep and the jihadist threat posed by the Islamic State group have given new urgency to ending the chaos.
At the Pentagon, Carter said if Russia were to fight IS jihadists while also pursuing a political solution, and not just "indiscriminately" attack Assad foes, the United States and Moscow might find ways of working together.
"On a course like that, it is possible that we could find areas of cooperation," Carter said.
"But if it's a matter of pouring gasoline on the fire on the civil war in Syria, that is certainly not productive."
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, a fierce Assad critic, meanwhile suggested for the first time that the Syrian leader could play a part in a future political transition.
But "nobody envisages a future with Assad in Syria," Erdoğan cautioned.
- 'Renewed effort' -
In a sign that European thinking may also be changing, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said "we have to speak with many actors, this includes Assad, but others as well."
European leaders, faced with the worst migrant crisis since World War II, have called for a "renewed UN-led international effort" to end a war that has forced 12 million people from their homes.
The foreign ministers of France, Britain and Germany -- as well as EU foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini -- held discussions on Syria in Paris on Thursday.
Germany's Frank-Walter Steinmeier said as they arrived that it was too early to raise the question of whether Assad should be involved in peace talks.
NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg urged Russia to make its intentions in Syria clear -- and said they should assist in US-led strikes on Islamic State extremists.
"The first step now is to sit down with the United States and to make clear what are (Russia's) intentions... and to try to cooperate and give a constructive contribution to the efforts led by the United States to fight ISIL (Islamic State)," they told AFP.
But experts warn that significant obstacles remain to any solution to the brutal Syrian conflict with major players in the West and the Gulf on the one hand, and Russia and Iran on the other, pursuing vastly different military and diplomatic tactics.
Western leaders have long demanded Assad's departure as part of any diplomatic solution, while Russia and Iran want them to stay.
Let's go back to the 2010-11 season. That year, the Detroit Red Wings finished with the 5th best powerplay in the league at 22.3%. That power play not only had the legendary Nicklas Lidstrom manning the first unit, but also the perfect right-handed shot to complement him: Dearborn native Brian Rafalski.
Rafalski put up 17 power play points with that right-handed shot, providing some flexibility on the blueline in those situations and allowing the Wings to put up some great man-advantage numbers. Henrik Zetterberg finished with 30 power play points, Pavel Datsyuk had 18 in 56 games played, Lidstrom with a sparkling 39, and Johan Franzen chipping in with 17, including 10 power play goals.
A top-five power play needs its right-handed shot, and Rafalski in their four-year tenure with the Red Wings was just that, topping out at 31 power play points in 07-08. However, the 37-year old Rafalski surprised many with their decision to retire in 2011 due to a lingering knee injury. The Wings were suddenly without a right-handed shot in their defensive rotation, which had been a big part of their offensive game.
Without this important piece, the power play took a dip. A 6.2% kind of dip to 16.11%. Right-handed D-man Ian White was brought in to replace some of the production Rafalski left and performed admirably, potting 32 points (but only 10 on the power play). Zetterberg went down to 14 power play points, Datsyuk with just five more in 70 games played, Lidstrom to 17, and Franzen to 13; a drastic difference from the top-five power play a year before.
When Lidstrom retired after the 2011-12 season, the defense corps was in rebuilding mode. In a lockout-shortened 2013, the power play was just two percentage points better, including a nightmarish stretch on the road to start the season. Niklas Kronwall took over as the power play leader on defense with 16 power play points.
The following season was not much better, as the power play was yet again middle of the pack (17.73%), with an injury-riddled season having a lot to do with it. Still, the Wings saw that they needed an offensive defenseman to quarterback a power play that had descended to mediocrity without an exceptional right-handed shot in years.
The 2014 free agency period and offseason came and went with names like Dan Boyle, Christian Ehrhoff, and Matt Niskanen turning down big deals from Detroit. Washington Capitals Mike Green, Buffalo Sabres Tyler Myers, and Edmonton Oilers Jeff Petry had all been mentioned (the latter two have still been hovering about in the rumor mill, albeit quietly) as possible options, but the Wings seem unwilling to let go of their young pieces for a possible trade.
The hole that the Wings and GM Ken Holland have not been able to fill has not reflected in their record (4-2-2) thus far in 2014-15, but their offense on special teams has been alarming. The Red Wings power play under new assistant Jim Hiller is 2-for-30 in the first eight games. 2-for-30. If that doesn't raise a red flag or call for change, who knows what does.
The Wings have tried many different combinations. Whether it be Tomas Jurco or Pavel Datsyuk at the point, the Jurco-Sheahan-Tatar line, Andrej Nestrasil and Gustav Nyquist along with Zetterberg, you name it, the Wings have tried it.
At times the powerplay has looked solid at generating chances but has just not been able to finish. Shooters' strong sides have not been found often enough with both power play units, including all left-handed shots. To make matter worse, lanes are not being taken advantage of quickly and the passing just seems to dominate more than shots on net.
The Wings can try all these different things to climb out of the powerplay basement (they're 27th with a 6.7% clip), but to truly get back into the top five, or even the top 15, the Wings need to fill the overstated need. Whether it be through the organization or out on the market.
The problem with a powerplay unit that has no right handed shot is that it just becomes easier to defend. Wings opponents can force the puck to the right wing boards. Once it is on the right hand side of the ice, there is no pass that the Red Wings can make that results in a quick one-timer opportunity. The puck has to cross the body of the receiving player before they can get it on their stick. A right handed defenceman or a right-handed forward playing high, would create at least one pass that could result in a quick shot on net. The Wings lack this with only Luke Glendening (who is not known for their offense) Nestrasil (eight career NHL games, one assist) as right-handed shooters on the current club.
Names like right-handed defenseman Ryan Sproul and their cannon of a shot and right-handed Finnish sniper Teemu Pulkkinen jump out if the Wings want to go through the interior. Pulkkinen has four goals and five points in five games so far in Grand Rapids, while Sproul is pointless so far but possesses a shot and offensive instincts that could get them on a hot streak or ignite their team at any moment.
On the market, Myers has been the name most often mentioned in various reports throughout the summer and into the fall. The Houston native possesses a right-handed shot and a 24-year-old figure looking to still improve, but many red flags make them seem like it is not worth it for Detroit.
A $5.5 million cap hit for five more years and a point total that has dipped like a bucket of water from their 48-point Calder Trophy winning 2009-10 season hurts them for the supposed return the Sabres are asking. Top prospect Anthony Mantha had been a piece reported to be going the other way and the latest rumors add first-rounder Dylan Larkin to the list. The Wings do not want to part with either.
Myers is pointless through nine games this year and despite the ugly scene they are a part of in Buffalo, it would be a very risky move for the conservative Holland and company. It would be interesting to see how they would fit in with one of the best defenses so far in the Eastern Conference, but the asking price would have to go down drastically.
The Wings could go after some other under-the-radar acquisition through trade or promote from within, but any way one cuts it, a fix needs to come at some point for a team that has wasted prime scoring opportunities on special teams while their defense and goaltending have answered the call. A 2.25 GF average through eight games would be increased by a solid power play to complement a sparkling penalty kill (25/26). The key to the power play? A quarterback. Where will the Wings go for this? Only time will tell.
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @gSchroedes16.
Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” ourFacebook page.
For the latest in sports injury news, check out our friends at Sports Injury Alert.
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC, laptop, tablet or smartphone. What are you waiting for?
Main Photo:
Considered a heritable brain disorder, one in nine U.S. children—or 6.4 million youth—currently have a diagnosis of ADHD. In recent years, parents and experts have questioned whether the growing prevalence of ADHD has to do with hasty medical evaluations, a flood of advertising for ADHD drugs, and increased pressure on teachers to cultivate high-performing students. Now Brown and other researchers are drawing attention to a compelling possibility: Inattentive, hyperactive, and impulsive behavior may in fact mirror the effects of adversity, and many pediatricians, psychiatrists, and psychologists don't know how—or don't have the time—to tell the difference.
Though ADHD has been aggressively studied, few researchers have explored the overlap between its symptoms and the effects of chronic stress or experiencing trauma like maltreatment, abuse and violence. To test their hypothesis beyond Baltimore, Brown analyzed the results of a national survey about the health and well-being of more than 65,000 children.
Brown's findings, which they presented in May at an annual meeting of the Pediatric Academic Societies, revealed that children diagnosed with ADHD also experienced markedly higher levels of poverty, divorce, violence, and family substance abuse. Those who endured four or more adverse childhood events were three times more likely to use ADHD medication.
Interpreting these results is tricky. All of the children may have been correctly diagnosed with ADHD, though that is unlikely. Some researchers argue that the difficulty of parenting a child with behavioral issues might lead to economic hardship, divorce, and even physical abuse. This is particularly true for parents who themselves have ADHD, similar impulsive behavior or their own history of childhood maltreatment. There is also no convincing evidence that trauma or chronic stress lead to the development of ADHD.
For Brown, who is now a pediatrician at Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx, the data are cautionary. It's not evident how trauma influences ADHD diagnosis and management, but it's clear that some misbehaving children might be experiencing harm that no stimulant can fix. These children may also legitimately have ADHD, but unless prior or ongoing emotional damage is treated, it may be difficult to see dramatic improvement in the child's behavior.
“We need to think more carefully about screening for trauma and designing a more trauma-informed treatment plan,” Brown says.
Dr. Kate Szymanski came to the same conclusion a few years ago. An associate professor at Adelphi University's Derner Institute and an expert in trauma, Szymanski analyzed data from a children's psychiatric hospital in New York. A majority of the 63 patients in their sample had been physically abused and lived in foster homes. On average, they reported three traumas in their short lives. Yet, only eight percent of the children had received a diagnosis of post-traumatic stress disorder while a third had ADHD.
On Monday, the Department of Agriculture demanded the resignation of Shirley Sherrod over a two-minute videotape where they appeared to describe to a cheering crowd of the Georgia NAACP how they denied assistance to a poor white farmer about to lose their land.
Declaring itself “appalled” at this “shameful” act of racism, the NAACP said it would investigate the Georgia crowd that cheered them and praised the Department of Agriculture for firing them
On Wednesday, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack was begging for Sherrod's forgiveness, and the NAACP was burbling apologies.
For the video turned out to be an excerpt from a speech in which Sherrod described their growth from a bitter black woman whose father was murdered by a white man into one who found joy helping poor white folks keep their farms.
What was it that caused the rush to judgment by Vilsack, the NAACP and a White House that supported the ouster of Sherrod without talking to them or viewing the full tape?
Panic. The White House fears it is losing white America because of a false perception that it harbors a bias against white America.
Outrageous, rail those journalists who celebrated the NAACP's accusation that the tea party is harboring racists and is too cowardly to confront them.
Erik Rush's brand-new book is bold, daring and needed: “Negrophilia: From Slave Block to Pedestal – America's Racial Obsession”
Yet, as things perceived as real are real in their consequences, if the White House does not eradicate this perception, its lease may not be renewed. Whence comes that perception? Several incidents.
First was the startling accusation by Attorney General Eric Holder, days after Barack Obama was inaugurated in a gusher of good feeling, that we are all “a nation of cowards” when it comes to facing issues of race.
A real icebreaker for a national conversation.
Second was the instantaneous verdict of the president, when asked about the arrest of Harvard's Henry Louis Gates by Cambridge cop Sgt. James Crowley. With no knowledge of what happened, Obama blurted out that the cops had “acted stupidly.”
It took a White House beer summit to detoxify that one.
A third was the revelation that Obama's first Supreme Court nominee, Judge Sonia Sotomayor, the “wise Latina” herself, had gone to extremes to see that the case of Frank Ricci and the New Haven, Conn., firefighters never got to the Supreme Court. Ricci and co-defendants had been denied promotions they had won in competitive exams solely because they were white and no black firefighters had done as well.
The fourth was the Justice Department's dropping of charges against members of the New Black Panther Party, whose intimidation of voters in Philadelphia had been captured on tape.
When a department official resigned in protest and went to the Civil Rights Commission to accuse officials at Justice of ordering staff attorneys not to pursue such cases, that explosive charge, too, was ignored by Justice.
Came then the NAACP smear that the tea party was harboring racists, which Joe Biden explicitly rejected on national television on Sunday, before the Monday firestorm over Sherrod.
Now, whatever one's views on each of these episodes in which race played a role, white Americans are being forced to address them. And, surely, the White House understands this is bad news for Obama and the Democratic Party.
For though the black community remains solidly behind Obama and the white majority is shrinking toward minority status by 2042 or 2050, depending on which Census survey one uses, whites in America still outnumber blacks five to one. And if forced constantly to come down on one side or the other of a racial divide, most folks will wind up with their own.
In past elections, Democrats have raised race – allegations that black churches were being torched in the South, that George W. Bush's opposition to a hate-crimes bill meant they were coldly indifferent to the dragging death of a handicapped black man – to solidify and energize the minority vote. And, today, that vote remains solid behind Obama.
Where the erosion is taking place is in white America, among working- and middle-class folks who voted for Hillary Clinton in the primaries but took a chance with Obama in the fall. Now, every time some new incident erupts, these folks are being tarred.
Opposition to affirmative action is racist. Supporting the tea party gives aid and comfort to racists. Opposing health care puts you in league with folks who used racial slurs on Rep. John Lewis. To raise the issue of the New Black Panther Party is to play the race card.
One understands the bitterness of tea-party folks who carry signs that read: “What difference does it make what this placard says? You'll call it racist anyway.”
As the National Journal's Ron Brownstein has been reporting, white America is increasingly alienated and distrustful of all our major economic and political power centers – the banks, big corporations, the government.
And, for the first time in our lifetimes outside the South, white racial consciousness has visibly begun to rise.
If you would like to sound off on this issue, participate in today's WND Poll.
No doubt if you visit Japan you will come across Japanese temples and gardens. My first reaction upon stepping into a temple was something along the lines of:
“OMG SO COOLLLLL!!!!! I'M GONNA VISIT EVERY TEMPLE IN JAPAN!!!!”
Eventually you'll be thinking:
“Show me another temple, Japan, and I'll stab you in the face with this chopstick.”
This is known to many as the feeling of ‘temple burnout' and is similar to the infamous ‘church/museum burnout' that accompanies most visitors to Europe when they realise that there is no point going to any more churches once they have seen St. Paul's Basilica because they're all the same.
Of course the above is a joke, and the Japanese are an ancient and traditional society not there to cater for stupid Western tourists. However, from the point of view of a tourist, most of the temples and gardens in Japan, despite being extraordinarily tastefully designed and beautiful to be around, are mostly the same thing. You stand outside marvelling at the architecture for 5-10 minutes, then pay between 300 and 1000 yen to enter. The insides are most likely decorated in the Zen style, with tatamis (mats) lining the floor. Some of them you're allowed to take photos, some of them you're not (but everyone was anyway).
Of course, this is a very simplistic way to look at it, but for the average Joe-visitor to Japan, once you've seen one temple, you've seen them all (there are exceptions, such as the elaborate gold temples of Nikko). Don't get me wrong though, the first temples I saw were totally and completely fascinating to me, and I soaked up the atmosphere like a jaded Western tourist should. There are so many compelling aspects to temples, from the basins for washing your hands (Tsukubai), to incense sticks, to the white prayer notes that people tie to bamboo (O-mikuji). It's great to watch the busy worshippers come and go.
Then you get to the gardens. Possibly some of the most peaceful and contemplative locations in any city or suburb in the world. They're nothing like Western gardens, instead using asymmetrical features like hilltops, ponds and crooked trees to create a ‘cultivated but natural' feeling, and are full of symbolism and intricate design.
The most memorable gardens were those that incorporated viewing platforms. This garden in Kanazawa for example, which is actually not located inside a temple but rather a ‘Samurai house' (which I highly recommend visiting), has a platform that you can sit comfortably with no shoes on and watch the fish swimming in the most elegant and exquisite pond a fish could ever dream of.
There are all sorts of features to be found, like this bamboo thing that I kept seeing and still have no idea what it is:
And most of the time you'll just be totally overloaded with visual stimuli:
A good rule to keep in mind would be: Japanese temples and gardens are seriously beautiful, and you will love them the first few times! They are really great thing to experience – just don't rely on them to maintain their allure!
Have you experienced temple burnout? Please let me know!
I will be writing more posts about Japan and I would love to hear your comments!
Advertisements
Patch 4.0
Notes Before You Update
1. Unified Lobby
Players can filter game lists based on hosted data set (Conquerors, Forgotten, or both)
Create Multiplayer Game now has a popup to select data set to use.
Players can only make multiplayer games using the data set they own. If you don't own The Forgotten, you cannot host a Forgotten enabled game. However, you can join one.
Create Scenario now has a popup to select data set to use.
All the campaigns are available from the single player menu now.
The ability to switch modes in the main menu has now been removed.
History entries for all DLC civs are available to all players.
When loading scenarios, saves, or replays, Icons have been added to show which items are part of Conquerors or Forgotten data sets.
2. New Steam Workshop
3. General Improvements
You can now choose any language in the options menu. If you want to download voice over assets in another language, you'll need to choose your language inside the Steam's properties > Language tab for this game. Note: Dutch, Portuguese, and Russian do not have native voice over dialog.
All string files have been replaced with UTF-8 encoding, which makes it easier to deal with foreign languages in mods.
DRS files are no more. Everything is now loose files. This will make it easier for mods to stack.
Group by team now works for Real World Maps.
English text and voice over is a fallback for any missing foreign assets.
Campaign intro screens now use foreign assets when available.
Support for up to 100 terrain types now.
4. Scenario Editor
Some general UI improvements particularly with triggers and conditions.
You can make inverse conditions.
You can add area effects now for Patrol/Attack Move.
New trigger for "teleport object".
New "change unit stance" effect.
5. New AI scripts
sn-local-targeting-mode
sn-dock-training-filter
sn-defer-dropsite-update
sn-disable-builder-assistance
sn-dropsite-separation-distance
sn-ignore-tower-elevation
up-get-victory-data
up-allied-sn
up-allied-resource-amount
up-allied-goal
up-allied-resource-percent
6. Known Issues That Are Currently Being Worked On
Quick Match functionality has temporarily been disabled.
Restore multiplayer games has not been fully implemented and it may not load correctly.
Lobby Browser does not appear to update if a game was changed to un-ranked in the lobby.
When cancelling while joining a lobby players may still join the lobby (host can still kick them).
Game Lobby relay server message may not localize correctly.
Conquerors AI setting becomes defaulted after selected (remains selected until restarted).
Mods that require files outside the “_common” folder may not function correctly.
When updating a Legacy Mod the text field appears to be cut off.
Left-clicking to pay a tribute may display an incorrect resource image.
The Advance Age Bar is correctly gray and may be harder to see.
Changing hotkeys to their current value may crash the game.
In the Editor the on/off toggles for Triggers are only showing text (making them difficult to see).
In the Editor the Choose Teams option does not affect Triggers.
In the Editor the Delete Garrisoned Units button may crash the game.
Profiles using special characters may appear corrupt (player can edit them).
The patch you've all been waiting for has arrived.Discuss it here For those experiencing issues with the new patch, please see the Issues & Workarounds thread We've discovered a bug inside the Steam update system, where certain people may experience a never-ending cycle of updating, reporting corruption, verifying cache, and then updating again. When we originally launched the HD Edition on Steam, mods have been stored inside the AgeHD\mods\ directory as extensionless files. Somehow these files confuse Steam and that triggers the corruption message. If this should happen to you, please manually delete these extensionless files inside your mods directory and then the update should work.To get to your installation directory, right-click on the Age of Empires II: HD Edition in your Steam library, select Properties, then select the Local Files tab, and click the Browse Local Files button. A Windows Explorer will open up to the correct location. One you've upgraded to the latest version, this won't happen again because we've done away this system entirely.We have merged The Conquerors and The Forgotten multiplayer lobbies into a single lobby for the first time ever. What this means is people who own DLC can host a DLC-enabled multiplayer game, and people with or without DLC can join and play in that game together! People without DLC in this situation will be able to choose from a limited civ pool that changes each day. It also includes one of the DLC civs that they can try out, too.Of course, anyone can also host The Conquerors games where only The Conquerors civs and features will be available, regardless of which DLC you own.The original Workshop implementation launched more than two years ago, and since that time Steam Workshop features have evolved tremendously. As such, we've completely rewritten the Workshop implementation from scratch making use of all the new features. As of today, there are over 8,000 public Workshop entries!And now we have to bite the bullet as we migrate Workshop content from the old "legacy" system to the new "user generated content" system. Literally, Workshop content data from the legacy system lives on different Steam servers and are accessed using a completely different API. So this is now a call to arms to all Workshop content publishers, to log on, and begin the process of upgrading your mods to the new system. We've implemented an upgrade feature. Directly from the main menu, you can access the entirely new Steam Workshop Mod Manager. From there, you should be able to upgrade most types of mods to the new system, and publish them over. This will preserve ratings, comments, and usage stats. More instructions on how to author new mods or upgrade existing mods can be found here You will now be able to dynamically manage your mods within the Mod Manager. You can alter priorities, decide whether any given mod is enabled or not, and can even unsubscribe to mods. The Mod Manager is also where mod creators can publish new mods and update existing mods.Please bear with us as mods slowly come back under the new system. Until then, all your subscriptions will show up in legacy mode and can't be used until upgraded.As always, Steam should automatically download this update for you. If it doesn't try restarting the Steam client.Whew, that was a lot of post formatting! We'll see you online, and as always, GLHF!
John Munch Gender Male Status Alive Born July 31, 1951 Spouse Gwen Munch (ex-wife)
Billie Lou Hatfield (ex-wife)
Felicia Munch (ex-wife)
Unnamed ex-wife Family Pete Munch (father; deceased)
Andrew Munch (paternal uncle)
Bernard Munch (brother)
David Munch (brother)
Lee Munch (cousin) Occupation Police officer Rank Detective Affiliations Baltimore Police Department Portrayed by Richard Belzer
Detective John Munch (played by Richard Belzer) was an officer for Baltimore Homicide in Baltimore, Maryland.
Encounter with The Lone Gunmen
In May 1989, Detective Munch investigated the breaking and entering of a warehouse in Fells Point Industrial Park. They interrogated John Fitzgerald Byers and learned of the events that had occurred at the Baltimore Convention Center involving Susanne Modeski, John Fitzgerald Byers, Richard Langly, Melvin Frohike, and FBI Special Agent Fox Mulder. Byers, Langly, and Frohike were arrested for the trespassing, Modeski disappeared, and Agent Mulder was taken into custody by the FBI.
When Mulder was released from the FBI's restraints, they ordered Munch to let Frohike, Langly, and Byers out of their holding cells and they were freed. (TXF: "Unusual Suspects")
Background Information
On Homicide: Life on the Street, Detective Munch has often been portrayed as a somewhat cynical conspiracy theorist.
Sheriff's detectives are searching for a driver who allegedly shot at another car carrying a family of four in Canyon Country.The family's Cadillac Escalade was traveling westbound on Soledad Canyon Road around 6:30 p.m. Monday at the time of the incident, Los Angeles County sheriff's officials said in a press release.Authorities said the driver of the Cadillac used their windshield washer nozzles to wash their windshield. Shortly after, a man in a gray Honda Civic pulled up alongside them and motioned for them to roll their window down.When they lowered their window, the suspect apparently yelled at them for getting their new car wet, sheriff's officials said.The driver of the Cadillac told authorities that they apologized and rolled their window back up.Video taken from a car's dash cam captured the suspect pulling out a handgun and firing at least two rounds, hitting the Cadillac's tires.The suspect then speed off heading westbound on Soledad Canyon Road in their Honda, which investigators said had paper plates.If you have any information about this incident, you're urged to contact Detective Welch at (661) 255-1121 ext. 5131.You can also submit anonymous tips on www.LACrimeStoppers.org by referencing file number 016-10577-0631-051.
"The water flows through this creek, much like the energy flows through your body. As you see, there are several pools where the water swirls around before flowing on. These pools are like our chakras."
— Guru Pathik using the analogy of a stream to explain how chakras work to Aang.[1]
Chakras are a series of points throughout the body where chi energy is heavily concentrated. There are seven chakras in total, all located on a central vertical axis.
Each chakra has a specific purpose and deals with a different type of emotion. As such, each one can be opened and closed depending on the individual's state of mind. When a chakra is open, energy is free to flow about the body, whereas a sealed chakra restricts this flow of energy. The chakras must be opened in a specific order, or the energy will not be able to flow properly.[1]
Guru Pathik used a series of connected pools as an analogy to illustrate how chakras worked. These pools were connected by waterfalls and channels, and were initially blocked by algae or muck, representing an individual's own emotional debris. Due to this blockage, the water, representing energy, stagnated and could not pass through the channels. When the clogs of algae were removed, symbolizing the opening of the chakras, it allowed the water to flow smoothly through the channels again, streaming through each pool fresh and clear.
Contents show]
History
During the spring of 100 AG, Avatar Aang attempted, with Guru Pathik's help, to open their chakras so that they could enter and control the Avatar State at will. Pathik warned them that once the process had begun, it could not be stopped until all seven chakras were open.
Albeit challenging, Aang successfully opened the first six chakras. However, when Pathik told Aang that opening the seventh would mean that they needed to "let go" of their love for Katara, they were reluctant to attempt to open up the chakra. When they saw a vision of Katara in need while opening up the chakra, they promptly chose earthly attachments over cosmic energy, a choice that ultimately blocked their chakras, preventing them from entering the Avatar State.[1] Iroh commended Aang for their choice later on, stating that it was not worth sacrificing love for the sake of power.[2]
Nevertheless, when Aang and Katara were attacked by Azula, Zuko, and the Dai Li, Aang made the choice to let Katara go and subsequently opened the seventh chakra. They were able to enter the Avatar State, but was knocked out of it and gravely wounded when Azula struck them in the back with lightning.[2] Although Katara managed to heal their wounds and bring them back to life, Aang's seventh chakra was locked and they were unable to enter the Avatar State.[3]
Despite opening their chakras, which allowed them to successfully access the Avatar State before being shot down, Aang continued to display the feelings that blocked them during their journey around the Fire Nation.[3] They also exhibited these emotions during the day before the planned invasion of the Fire Nation and suffered sleep deprivation and paranoia as a result.[4]
Aang remained unable to use the Avatar State throughout the entirety of their travels in the Fire Nation archipelago. They eventually regained access to the state during their battle with Ozai, when a protruding rock was pressed hard against the lightning's entry wound on their back, releasing all the blocked energy.[5]
Different chakras
These are the chakras in the order one must unlock them.
Chakra Aang's experience Deals with Blocked by Location Earth Chakra Aang went into meditation and saw their fears laid out before him, including the Blue Spirit charging at them with dual swords, Katara being dragged underground by General Fong, Sozin's Comet arriving, and even themselves in the Avatar State destroying their surroundings. Finally, they saw themselves surrounded by fire, sitting before a man who appeared to be Fire Lord Ozai. After clearing their thoughts, the images disappeared and Aang breathed a sigh of relief as they came out of meditation. Guru Pathik congratulated them and announced that the first chakra had been opened. Survival Fear Base of the spine Water Chakra When asked what they blamed themselves for, Aang reminisced of the day they fled the Southern Air Temple upon finding out that they were the Avatar. On top of this, they remembered the time that they hurt Earth Kingdom soldiers at General Fong's fortress while in the Avatar State. Pathik told Aang to accept that these things happened and urged them to prevent them from clouding their judgment and poison their energy; they stated that Aang must forgive themselves if they wanted to be a positive influence on the world. Aang did so and successfully opened the second chakra. Pleasure Guilt Sacrum Fire Chakra Guru Pathik proceeded with the unlocking of Aang's third chakra by asking the Avatar of what they were ashamed and for what reason they were disappointed in himself. Aang had a vision of when they first attempted firebending and severely burned Katara's hands. They told Pathik that they would never firebend again. Pathik responded that in order to obtain balance, they must accept all the aspects of their life. Aang was the Avatar and therefore they were a firebender. Aang accepted their duty and successfully opened the third chakra. Willpower Shame Stomach Air Chakra Laying their grief before him, Aang saw all of the Air Nomads who were eliminated by the Fire Nation during the Air Nomad Genocide in the early stages of the Hundred Year War, with Gyatso being the first among them. They faded away and became smoke. Love, according to Pathik, was a form of energy that swirled all around people. They stated that the Air Nomads' love for Aang still existed inside Aang's heart and was reborn anew, in the form of new love — Katara. With their tears, Aang also let their pain flow away. Love Grief Heart Sound Chakra When Pathik explained that the fifth chakra was blocked by the lies we tell ourselves, Aang remembered the instance when they concealed their true identity from Sokka and Katara, stating that they did not tell them that they were the Avatar at first, because they never wanted to be. Pathik said that Aang could not lie about their own nature and that they needed to accept their destiny as the Avatar. With a sigh and a vision, Aang accepted this idea and successfully opened the Sound Chakra. Truth Lies Throat Light Chakra Guru Pathik began by explaining that the greatest illusion of the world was the one of separation; things thought to be separate and different were in fact one and the same. Aang instantly connected this concept with the four nations and Pathik told them that every individual was part of one collective people, yet lived as if divided. Aang realized that Pathik was saying that everyone was connected, thus making divisions meaningless. Pathik continued to explain that even the separation of the four elements was an illusion, as they are four parts of the same whole. They continued by stating that even metal was simply refined and purified earth, concurrent with Toph's discovery of metalbending elsewhere. Insight Illusion Forehead Thought Chakra Aang was asked to meditate on what attached them to the earth, only images of Katara came mind. Pathik stated that Aang needed to let go and forget their attachments. Taken aback, Aang questioned how they could let go of Katara when they loved them and wondered why they would choose cosmic energy over Katara, stating that the attachment was perfectly acceptable "three chakras ago". Reluctantly, Aang tried to let go of Katara and their earthly attachments. However, as Aang was meditating and about to clear the final chakra, they had a disturbing vision of Katara being held captive. Aang immediately ceased their meditation and was thus disengaged from their potential entrance to the Avatar State. Pathik warned Aang that if they quit their training before unlocking this chakra, they would ultimately be unable to enter the Avatar State at all. Aang ignored the warning and left to rescue Katara. When they were later forced on the defensive while under attack in Ba Sing Se, they attempted to unlock the chakra again. In order to save Katara, they were successful in letting them go and opened up the last barrier that separated them from the vast pool of cosmic energy of the Avatar Spirit. However, the chakra was locked once more when Azula shot them down with a lightning attack. It was eventually unlocked for good when Aang was pushed by Ozai's firebending attack into a jagged rock; its point pushed against their scar and released the pent up energy locked there, allowing them to enter the Avatar State. Pure cosmic energy Earthly attachments Crown of the head
Connections
In real life, the concept of chakras originated in ancient India and forms a part of many philosophical, spiritual, and religious systems.
The chakra points, specifically where they are located, to what they refer, and by what they are blocked, are somewhat the same according to chakra charts.
Trivia
In Hinduism, the second chakra is located in or near the sexual and reproductive organs, as it is related to pleasure. Due to this fact, it is the one chakra whose location is not stated in the show's dialogue.
Combustion Man's third eye is located where the Light Chakra would be, at the center of the forehead between their two eyes. While the location makes their abilities powerful, it later proves to be their undoing, as the chakra was blocked after being impacted first by a pebble from Toph, [6] and later by Sokka's boomerang, resulting in Combustion Man's death. [7]
and later by Sokka's boomerang, resulting in Combustion Man's death. Toph displayed great mastery over the Light Chakra: when they overcame the "illusion" that natural earth and refined metals were two completely different things, this insight allowed them to realize that the forging process would always leave small natural impurities, and in doing so created metalbending. [1]
Though the flow of energy, otherwise known as chi, within the body is mentioned many times, chakras were not introduced until Avatar Aang's encounter with Guru Pathik at the Eastern Air Temple.
The main objective of opening the chakras is to detach one's soul from the world, so that, in the case of an Avatar, they or they would have free access to the cosmic powers at their or their disposal. However, Avatar Yangchen explained to Aang that the reason why the Avatar is a mortal being each time is that the Avatar must experience human life and emotions in order to understand how precious it is, so they or they will do anything to protect it, meaning that it would be never possible for an Avatar to truly detach them or themselves from the world. [8]
Opening the Fire Chakra appears to have been more difficult for Aang than most of the others, as Guru Patik commented that it opened "less like a flowing creek and more like a burping bison". [1]
Guru Pathik stated that in order for the Avatar to control the Avatar Spirit, they or they must let go of every earthly attachment including those they love. However, it is still possible to love someone without attachment and open the Thought Chakra, as evidenced by the fact that both Avatar Kuruk and Avatar Roku demonstrated mastery over the Avatar State while being in love with Ummi and Ta Min, respectively.
During Aang's attempts to unlock the chakras, the visions they experienced were filtered through the colors of the visible light spectrum, starting at red and followed by orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and finally violet in the order in which they unlocked their chakras. [1] Additionally, the physical location of where each attempt was made reflected the nature of the chakra itself: the earth chakra in a cave, the water chakra behind a waterfall, the fire chakra at sunrise, the air chakra in a large open space, the sound chakra in an echoing space, the light chakra when the sun was high in the sky, and the thought chakra atop the temple and open to the heavens. [1]
References
As the losses pile up (the latest being Thursday night's 27-21 defeat to the Chicago Bears), the talk around the New York Giants increasingly will turn to Tom Coughlin's future. NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport reports that we shouldn't expect the coach to go anywhere.
Thousands shared stories telling us why they love football in a contest to win a trip to Super Bowl XLVIII. We chose 10 finalists. Now you choose the winners.
A high-ranking Giants source tells Rapoport that Coughlin will have the opportunity to decide their own fate at the end of the season. Sources close to Coughlin tell Rapoport the coach plans to return for 2014.
The news is not a shock. The Giants are one of the most stable organizations in the league, and it would be surprising to hear anything else from the organization or from those close to Coughlin.
Of course, we're a long way from seeing how this 2013 season plays out. The Giants aren't really out of the race in an ugly NFC East. Then again, they are in the race to be one of the worst teams in NFL history.
The "Around The League Podcast" is now available on iTunes! Click here to listen and subscribe.
AirRace plane loses wing, watch what happens next!
FREE DAILY NEWSLETTER: Get the latest videos delivered to your inbox by subscribing to the free "Video of the Day" newsletter here. Flixxy editors search the internet daily, to find the very best videos for you: SELECTION: From over 300,000 videos uploaded to YouTube daily, Flixxy editors select only 1-3 videos to be added to the site daily. PG RATING: Flixxy videos and comments are all PG rated. They are "Safe For All Ages" and "Safe For Work". All content is “uplifting”. SELECTED START AND END POINTS: Many of Flixxy's videos start late or end early. We skip lengthy introductions and get to the point. CONCISE CAPTION AND DESCRIPTION: We know your time is valuable. so we distill the information down to what you want to know.
This video has been circulating widely on the internet as fact. Actually, it is complete fiction. At first the aircraft looks real and the wing separation seems authentic. If you listen closely, you'll hear that the engine sounds are not properly synchronized, the radio chatter seems out of place and the people are definitely over-acting. What really gives it away is the landing - there is no way an airplane with one wing missing could straighten itself out to level flight to do a perfect touch-down. But for its intended purpose, KillaThrill got a great viral advertising campaign. Congratulations!Yes, if the plane has a high enough thrust to weight ratio, i.e. an aerobatic R/C plane or a fighter jet. Here are videos of a world class R/C pilot landing their plane after one wing fell off and another of a F-15 losing its wing and making a safe landing
Perl was created for systems administration, and Perl 6 has all the chops you've come to expect from the brand. Here I needed to use MD5 checksums from my collaborator to verify that I downloaded all their data without errors. Each data "$file" has an accompanying "$file.md5" that looks like this:
$ cat HOT232_1_0770m/prodigal.gff.md5 a36e4adfaa62cc4adb8cea44c4f7825f HOT232_1_0770m/prodigal.gff
So I need to read the contents of this file, get just the first field, then execute my local "md5" (or "md5sum") program on the file without the ".md5" extension and determine if they are the same. All standard stuff, and I think Perl 6 gives us elegant ways to accomplish all of these, including a dead-simple testing framework. Here's my solution:
#!/usr/bin/env perl6 use File::Find; use Test; sub MAIN (Str :$dir=~$*CWD, Str :$md5="md5sum", Str :$ext='.md5') { my $rx = rx/$ext $/; for find(:dir($dir), :name($rx)) -> $md5-file { my $basename = $md5-file.basename; my ($remote, $) = $md5-file.slurp.split(' '); my $local-file = $basename.subst($rx, ''); my $path = $*SPEC.catfile( $md5-file.dirname, $local-file); my ($local, $) = run($md5, $path, :out) .out.slurp-rest.split(' '); is $local, $remote, $md5-file; } done-testing(); }
I just love the new MAIN entry point where I can easily establish positional or named (as in this case) arguments with defaults and type checking and USAGE statements for free!
$ ./check-md5.pl6 -h Usage: check-md5.pl6 [--dir= ] [--md5= ] [--ext= ]
Here I'll default to looking in the current directory which is accessible as the global variable $*CWD . This new variable uses a $* "twigle" (two sigils) to denote a global variable which in this case is actually an IO object. I need to stringify it either by putting it in double-quotes or coercing it with the ~ operator. The "md5" argument is the name of my local "md5sum" binary which is often called just "md5." Lastly, I assume the file extension of the remote checksums is ".md5."
Users of Perl 5 will be pleased to note that "File::Find" is available. I was always more of a fan of "File::Find::Rule," I think the interface for the Perl 6 module is quite nice. The output is a list of IO::Path objects.
As a side note, I first wrote it like this:
for (find(:dir($dir), :name(rx/$ext $/))).kv -> $i, $md5-file { printf "%3d: %s
", $i + 1, $md5-file; }
Because I like to know as each file is being processed and how many have gone by. Take any list in Perl 6 and call .kv (key-value) on it to get the index (position) and the value:
> my @list = "foo", "bar", "baz" [foo bar baz] > @list.kv (0 foo 1 bar 2 baz) > for @list.kv -> $key, $val { put "$key = $val" } 0 = foo 1 = bar 2 = baz
Reading an entire file is done by calling slurp on it. In my case, there's only one line, and I want to immediately split it on spaces:
my ($remote, $) = $md5-file.slurp.split(' ');
Since I'm only interested in the first field (the second one, remember, is the name of the file, which I already know), I can ignore it by assigning the position to an anonymous scalar $ . (This is similar to Haskell's _ which itself is sometimes like Perl 6's * "whatever" variable.)
To remove the extension, I use the Str.subst (substitute) method with the regular expression I put into the $rx variable. (The first argument to "subst" can also be a string.) So, if the $md5-file is "/work/03137/kyclark/ohana/HOT/HOT237_2_1000m/readpool.fastq.md5", then the basename is "readpool.fastq.md5" and the result of the "subst" is "readpool.fastq":
my $local-file = $basename.subst($rx, '');
To piece together the local file that needs to be tested, I can use the global $*SPEC object to get access to OS-dependent methods like "catfile" that will use the proper directory separators to construct the path. Again, the $* is a twigle to set the global variable/object apart from everything else. The local file should be in the same directory as the MD5 checksum file.
my $path = $*SPEC.catfile($md5-file.dirname, $local-file);
To get the local checksum, I need to run the correct "md5" binary and then read STDOUT from that program. (To capture STDERR, I could put ":err" in the call.) I put "backticks" in the title to highlight that this is now the way to call external programs and capture the output. Like the MD5 file, I'm only interested in the first field of output and can throw away the rest. I can accomplish it all in one line:
my ($local, $) = run($md5, $path, :out).out.slurp-rest.split(' ');
Finally, I brought in the "Test" module so I can ask:
is $local, $remote, $md5-file;
If they are equal, I get output like this:
$ ./check-md5.pl6 ok 1 - /work/03137/kyclark/ohana/HOT/HOT224_1_0025m/prodigal.gff.md5 ok 2 - /work/03137/kyclark/ohana/HOT/HOT224_1_0025m/readpool.fastq.md5 ok 3 - /work/03137/kyclark/ohana/HOT/HOT224_1_0025m/ribosomal_rRNA.gff.md5 ...
When things don't go OK, I see this:
not ok 193 - /work/03137/kyclark/ohana/HOT/HOT224_1_0045m/readpool.fastq.md5 # Failed test '/work/03137/kyclark/ohana/HOT/HOT224_1_0045m/readpool.fastq.md5' # at ./check-md5.pl6 line 13 # expected: '4b49aaa2b0c60342e90cf37e30c30886' # got: '4cdd81767c2ffed712c0b8ffb6de8b38'
And so I know to get that file again!
It's not necessary to call "done-testing()", but I like to as the Test library will nicely summarize the results.
So, there's a tidy little program packed with loads of Perl 6 goodness. I hope it makes you excited to jump into the language if you haven't already. I'm busy evangelizing to all my labmates and students why they'll be happier, more productive coders in Perl 6. Also, better, more moral and upright citizens.
I received a few complaints about soldiers stationed at Fort Gordon, GA being forced to clean up an off-post Catholic property during the duty day. One was from a fellow foxhole atheist.
(NAME / RANK WITHHELD)
Justin – Got a question. [WITHHELD], has been tasks with cleaning/landscaping etc, a Catholic Church. This so far is not optional. You are more versed in the legality of church and state. What I see is more of an issue of having a federal employee mandated to clean private property. It would be different if it were voluntary but it is not. The church portion is just a bonus. I am pretty sure that this is not legal. Got any references for me?
*See the official FFRF / American Atheists release for the full source of this tasking.[pdf]
I sure do have some references for you. In fact I took the liberty of taking this beyond American Atheists and sought even more support from other organizations. The Freedom From Religion Foundation and American Atheists have just issued our demands to have this stopped immediately. No religious institution – interfaith or not – should ever receive mandated government workers to do their menial tasks. This is off post, during the duty day, in uniform, mandatory… yard-work.
Now that legal teams from both the FFRF and AA have looked over existing case-law, they independently confirmed that this is indeed unconstitutional. The establishment clause has repeatedly been found by the SCOTUS to “prohibit favoring one religion over another… and prohibit the government from favoring religion over non-religion”. (Wallace V. Jeffries 1987)
This is one of those times where the foxhole atheists (and other minorities) really need others to speak up for them. Please, if you have a few minutes you can really help stop this. Nothing works faster than a combination of public / media and legal pressure. FFRF and American Atheists are bringing the legal pressure, but we need your help.
How you can help
We're sending out press releases to all of our national media contacts. However, press coverage nearly always starts local.
Please call/email the Augusta Chronicle:
Phone: 706-724-0851
Toll Free: 866-249-8223
After Hours Newsroom Phone: 706-823-3338
Email
Even simply using those sharing buttons at the bottom helps tremendously. Perhaps somebody else will see it and pick up the phone too. Besides, you know you like clicking on stuff.
***Text of the press release below the fold***
The hammock market is an incredible place to be in right now. Hammocks have history, they've been around for centuries yet continue to see innovations. Either as large scale advertising campaigns and hammock flash mobs, more folks are hammocking than ever before.
In this post we aren't concerned with how many hammocks but rather how large. In this instance bigger is better.
Behold the 3 largest hammocks in the world:
1. 65 foot by 31 foot hammock in New Jersey
The Video game company King Digital Entertainment is behind the 65-foot-by-31-f oot hammock, and they installed it as a promotional gimmick to acquire new customers and draw publicity.
The Hammock Claimed the Guinness World Record title of World's Largest Hammock. It's located in Jersey City, New Jersey, across the river from Manhattan, and it is reportedly big enough to hold 170 humans lying side by side. @caitschneider
2. 42 Foot Long Hammock in North Carolina
Before the massive 65 foot hammock you saw in New Jersey the world record had been held by a hammock in Point Harbor, North Carolina at 42 feet long.
Located in mainland North Carolina just before passing over the Albemarle Sound on the Wright Memorial Bridge, the world's largest hammock stood to remind people to relax and to rejoice the coastline of the gorgeous Eastern side of the USA.
The record breaking hammock was woven from 10,000+ feet of rope and spans 42 feet. Before it closed down road trippers could stop for a group nap in the hammock.
This hammock can hold up to 8000 lbs, so it's a hammock party.
3. 21ft x 12ft Portable Hammock That Could Be In Your BackYard
Now the largest hammock available on the market launching on IndoGogo has already raised $10,000 and is 100% funded with 12 days to go. Back the Largest Hammock on the Market Today.
The team at Flying Squirrel Outfitters has been crafting fair trade hammocks for over 2 years in Thailand
For $65 you can get the world's the largest hammock + straps (30% discount compared to normal retail)
Traveling to Colombia? Also check out the hammock in the sky.
FBI Investigating Burning Of Black Church Painted With 'Vote Trump'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rogelio V. Solis/AP Rogelio V. Solis/AP
The FBI has opened a civil rights investigation into the vandalizing and burning of a black church in Mississippi. "Vote Trump" had been spray-painted on a wall.
Local authorities are still searching for the person or people responsible for the fire, which they have identified as an arson.
"When firefighters arrived at Hopewell Missionary Baptist Church Tuesday night, they found it in flames, and the 'Vote Trump' slogan written in silver spray paint on the outside wall of the church," Mark Rigsby of Mississippi Public Broadcasting reports.
"Greenville Mayor Errick Simmons calls this a hate crime — an attempt to frighten voters just days before the presidential election."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rogelio V. Solis/AP Rogelio V. Solis/AP
Simmons said they saw the attack as "a strategy — an evil one."
While the FBI has opened a civil rights investigation into the arson, The Associated Press reports that the agency says it's too early to say whether the fire should be considered a hate crime.
A variety of state and local authorities are investigating the crime, Simmons told Mississippi Public Broadcasting. They say authorities are talking to a person of interest and have beefed up security around local churches, and they called on the public not to be intimidated away from voting.
"Nov. 8, it's going to be a safe place here in Greenville," Simmons said.
The church is more than 100 years old and is now largely gutted, Rigsby reports, but the pastor hopes to rebuild.
Greenville is about 78 percent black, according to census data.
The AP has more on how local and state authorities have reacted to the arson:
October 20, 2011
University of Calgary's Taylor Family Digital Library is shaping the future of learning
The University of Calgary held the grand opening of the Taylor Family Digital Library today at a ceremony attended by Calgary philanthropists Don and Ruth Taylor; Alberta Premier Alison Redford; Member of Parliament Blake Richards; and Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi.
The new state-of-the-art learning and research centre is a model for the 21st century library, and an important new gathering place for students, faculty, staff, alumni and the broader Calgary community. The building opened to students and faculty the first week of September, and is already the new heart of the University of Calgary campus.
The Taylor Family Digital Library's unique features and resources include technology that encourages
experiential learning, exploration and innovative ways of creating new knowledge. The facility is one of the most digitally progressive academic libraries in North America. It combines a library, art gallery, archives, rare collections, a student success centre, and the latest digital tools for learning and research, all using the most advanced technology available.
“Today's grand opening of the Taylor Family Digital Library brings the University ofCalgary one step closer to achieving our vision: to become one of Canada's top five research universities, grounded in innovative learning and teaching, and fully integrated with the community of Calgary, by our 50th anniversary in 2016,” said Elizabeth Cannon, President. “On behalf of our students, faculty, staff and alumni, I would like to thank the Taylor family, the Government of Alberta, the Government of Canada and the City of Calgary for their great generosity in making this outstanding facility possible.”
Only five years ago, Don and Ruth Taylor—longtime friends and supporters of the University of Calgary—donated $25 million to help construct a new digital library.
“We are thrilled that this beautiful building will provide education and inspiration to a whole new generation of students, and will help shape the future of learning whether they are studying fine arts or molecular biology,” said Don Taylor.
“It is through education that we truly have a chance to make the world a better place, and education comes from hard work, study and often long hours in the library,” said Ruth Taylor.
The Government of Alberta matched the Taylor family's donation through its matching gifts program and also allocated additional funds, for a total of $150.5 million.
“This library will provide Albertans, young and old, the space and support to further their learning with the latest technology and information resources,” said Alberta Premier Alison Redford. “My government is a proud partner in this important new addition to the Calgary community.”
The Government of Canada provided $27 million in capital funding for the Taylor Family Digital Library project (Taylor Family Digital Library plus High Density Library) through the Knowledge Infrastructure Program.
“Our government's investments in college and university infrastructure have created and maintained jobs across Canada,” said Blake Richards, Member of Parliament for Wild Rose. “This project will allow the University of Calgary to strengthen its reputation as an innovative leader in our community and across Canada.”
The City of Calgary's Calgary Arts Development Agency supported the Taylor Family Digital Library with $3.2 million towards the relocation of the Nickle Galleries to the library.
Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi said, “The Taylor Family Digital Library provides Calgary with a new hub for cultural resources. An impressive array of books, journals, special collections, art, and artifacts will be exhibited and accessed in new cross-disciplinary ways.”
As part of the Taylor Family Digital Library project, the university also created the Taylor Quadrangle, a new outdoor community gathering space immediately adjacent to the library, and built the university's first High Density Library, located off the main campus at Spy Hill. The High Density Library is a new facility that houses approximately 60 per cent of the university's current book and journal collection, in addition to a significant portion of archival holdings. The total project – including the Taylor Family Digital Library, the Taylor Quadrangle, and the High Density Library – was funded by the Taylor family and all three levels of government, at a cost of $205 million.
A former editor in China's violence-wracked region of Xinjiang was sacked after making “irresponsible remarks”, authorities said, in what could be the first official to be openly targeted by Beijing's Communist leaders after they introduced tough new rules against straying from the party line.
Zhao Xinwei, who had run the Xinjiang Daily since 2011, was also investigated by Beijing for “serious disciplinary breaches”, a statement on the website of the official graft watchdog for Xinjiang said, using a term that commonly implies corruption.
They had made “irresponsible remarks on major policies and decisions”, the statement from the local Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) published late on Sunday said.
Mr Zhao had also failed to explain comments they had made on “separatism, violence and terrorism, religious extremism and other major matters of principle".
They lost their job at the newspaper earlier this year when the investigation was launched.
The remote region of Xinjiang has seen a wave of unrest, which is labelled by authorities as “terrorism” and blamed on Muslim Uighur “separatists”.
Rights groups, however, say the violence is sparked by harsh police treatment of Uighurs and government campaigns against religious practices, such as the wearing of veils.
China's communist leaders have warned officials recently over comments which stray from the official line, with new regulations released just over a week ago.
The rules said officials would be punished for “slandering the central government's policies and plans”, and were rolled out amid a wide-ranging crackdown on dissent by Xi Jinping, the Chinese president.
Mr Zhao appears to be the first official to have been targeted for making “irresponsible remarks”, according to the Beijing News, on its official account on messaging app WeChat.
Meanwhile, a senior official of the CCDI said the new regulations were aimed at cadres who “unsettled people's minds” in an interview that was posted on the body's website on Monday.
“Some people won't say anything in front of the party, but speak irresponsibly behind its back,” said Ma Senshu, who helped draw up the law.
Additional reporting by AIlin Tang
More government, more problems. That was theme of Florida Sen. Marco Rubio's televised response to the State of the Union address last night. As evidence, Rubio offered up the lesson of the housing crisis, created, they said, "by reckless government policies."
But academics, independent commissions, regulators and others who have studied the crisis have come to a very different conclusion.
The federal government certainly deserves its share of blame for not moving to prevent the wild risk-taking that expanded the subprime mortgage bubble to Mall of America-sized proportions, they say. But to say the government was a "major cause," as Rubio said, simply isn't true. The real culprits, they say, were Wall Street and the mortgage industry, which generated huge profits by issuing, packaging and selling off bundles of home loans with little regard for their quality or the ability of borrowers to pay them back.
The Republican argument goes something like this: Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the government-chartered mortgage giants, bought risky mortgages in order to meet affordable housing goals. The implicit government guarantee on these loans -- a belief by the market that the government would not allow the mortgage giants to fail -- encouraged even more risk taking. The 2008 taxpayer bailout of Fannie and Freddie, which cost $180 billion, proves this point, they say.
There's no question that Fannie and Freddie lowered their standards and bought up bad loans. But the companies did not start making a big move into riskier mortgages until the mortgage boom was well under way. Even then, they were more cautious than the investment banks: just over 15 percent of borrowers with Fannie and Freddie-backed loans made in 2007 have been seriously delinquent, compared to nearly 42 percent of Wall Street-financed mortgages, according to the Federal Housing Finance Agency.
All told, the Center for Public Integrity reported in 2011, mortgages financed by Wall Street from 2001 to 2008 were 4½ times more likely to be seriously delinquent than mortgages backed by Fannie and Freddie.
Writing for the Washington Post's Wonkblog, Mike Konczal, a fellow with the Roosevelt Institute, noted that more than 84 percent of subprime mortgages in 2006 were issued by private lenders. Subprime mortgages, of course, were the most likely to later fail.
Konczal also noted that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac actually lost market share from 2002 during 2005, as the Wall Street mortgage machine kicked into its highest gear. The companies' share of mortgage originations dropped to 30 percent to 50 percent. So rather than driving the mortgage crisis, Fannie and Freddie were trying to play catch up.
The most comprehensive study of the housing crisis, by the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission, a bipartisan group appointed by President Obama to report on what had gone wrong, blamed "a combination of excessive borrowing, risky investments, and lack of transparency" and "dramatic failures of corporate governance and risk management at many systemically important financial institutions" for the crisis.
Former Notre Dame linebacker and Purdue defensive coordinator Greg Hudson will join the coaching staff in an off-field role, a source confirmed to Irish247.
A Notre Dame spokesperson said they could not comment on the situation.
What's next for the Fighting Irish? Click here to sign up NOW for our free Notre Dame newsletter!
Hudson played at Notre Dame from 1986-87 and joined the staff as a graduate assistant in 1993. A catcher on the Irish baseball team, Hudson served as Florida State's assistant head coach and linebackers coach from 2010-12 before moving on to Purdue, where they coached from 2013-15.
Notre Dame on June 3 announced it had hired former safety Jeff Burris as a defensive analyst. Burris played for the Irish from 1990-93. The current staff includes a number of former Irish players: running backs coach Autry Denson; assistant strength and conditioning coach David Grimes; director of player development Ron Powlus; and Hudson's former teammate, defensive backs coach Todd Lyght.
With its immutable measurements of 60 feet and 6 inches between the pitcher's mound and home plate and 90 feet between each base, there is a timelessness to baseball that renders it recognizable in nearly any incarnation. Even in this astounding color footage unearthed (and uploaded to YouTube) from the 1939 World Series between the Yankees and the Reds, the game and the actions of the players look quite familiar. By contrast, vintage basketball and football footage doesn't like quite like today's iterations of those games.
The true beauty and value of this color footage from 1939 may be in the glimpses it affords to life off the field and around the game. From the fedoras and skinny ties sported by most of the men in the stands to the period advertisements covering the walls at Yankee Stadium, this footage offers a rare look back in time. Perhaps most indicative of the differences in attitudes and decorum was the fact that fans were permitted to exit ballparks by walking across the field to gates in the outfield, as can be seen here. How would that go over today?
WATCH VIDEO ABOVE
Do you know what day is historically the busiest day of the year in animal shelters all across the country?
It's the FIFTH of July.
Do you know why? Yup, you guessed it… fireworks!
In reality though, that's only partially right. The real reasons are a bit more involved than just “fireworks”. And to truly do something about the staggering number of pets that wind up in shelters each year on July 5th, it's important that you be aware of these reasons. Of course, it's even more important that you're aware of and take the easy steps to prevent your cats and dogs from becoming lost and also increasing your chances of being reunited with them should your preventive efforts fail.
Now because this is such a big and important problem, and because the consequences of not knowing – countless pets being hit by cars or left to linger or be euthanized in shelters – can be severe, I'm not going to “sugar coat” this. The annual flood of pets into shelters is a direct result of three things:
The stress and anxiety that fireworks create in many cats and dogs. The lack of awareness and/or understanding of #1 (above) on the part of the general public – pet owners and non-pet people, alike. The failure of thousands of pet owners to take the easy steps necessary to minimize their pet's stress and anxiety, prevent their pet's escape from their home, yard, or leash, and to maximize the chances that they will be reunited with a lost pet.
According to the ASPCA, the National Council on Pet Population Study and Policy estimates that less than 2% of cats and only 15-20% of dogs entering shelters are ever reunited with their families! These are sad and tragic statistics, wouldn't you agree?
Seeing as how such a paltry number of pets winding up in shelters ever make it back to their home, the importance of taking steps to prevent them from needing to be there in the first place truly cannot be overstated. And for those that do wind up in shelters, nor can the importance of taking steps to increase the chances that they will be reunited with you. These easy and important steps and tips are outlined below. Have a read and don't forget to share with your friends, family, neighbors, and coworkers – I'm sure they'd like to keep their pets safe, too.
Recognize and decrease your pet's stress and anxiety
Appreciate that cats and dogs may show anxiety or stress in a variety of different ways. Pay attention and learn to recognize these signs for what they may indicate. Signs may include any or all of the following:
Panting
Drooling
Pacing
Hiding
Decreased appetite
Abnormal urinations or defecations
Dilated pupils
Excessive grooming
Talk with your veterinarian well in advance of July 4th if sedatives are going to be necessary to help your pet through the fireworks. Be sure to do a “test dose” prior to the 4th to determine the dose and frequency that will be the safest and most effective for your pet.
Consider using pheromones, such as Feliway (for cats) or Dog Appeasing Pheromone (DAP, for dogs), or the Thundershirt for additional help with anxiety.
If stress and anxiety are problems for your cats or dogs throughout the year, talk to your veterinarian about working with a veterinary behaviorist. You can find a link to locate veterinary behavior specialists on the Resources page of The Preventive Vet website (www.ThePreventiveVet.com/resources/html).
Keep your pets indoors and secure your home & yard
Keep all cats and dogs indoors on and around the 4th of July. You never know when the fireworks displays will begin or end – they often start a few days before and extend several days beyond.
Keep all windows and doors securely closed. Block off all pet doors and ensure that all yard gates are intact and securely closed.
Provide your pets with a safe, quiet, and secure area within the house. This might be their crate or a small room. Be sure they have fresh water and some of their favorite toys with them. For cats, be sure to provide them with clean litter boxes in this area, too.
Never have your pets around you when setting off fireworks in your yard and never take your dog with you to your neighborhood or town fireworks display. This won't only keep them from getting scared and “bolting”, but it will also spare them the burn injuries that dogs commonly get from chasing and trying to catch or eat fireworks!
Effectively restrain and maintain control over dogs out for a walk on and around the 4th
You never know when an impromptu fireworks display is going to happen. It's safest to take a “Murphy's Law approach” and just assume that one will every time you take your dogs out on or around the 4th of July.
Be sure that your dog is leashed up every time they leave your house. Be sure to attach their leash before you open the door!
Be sure that their leash is securely attached to a well-fitted and sturdy collar or harness. Many dogs have, in a fit of anxiety, wriggled their way out of collars and harnesses that were too loosely fitted. Don't let your pup be one of them.
Never just let your dog out in the yard to “do their business” on or around the 4th of July – regardless of whether your yard is fenced or not. Dogs have been known to jump several feet over fences or burrow under them to escape their yard, and you never know when someone has made it easy for your dog by leaving a fence gate open. Always leash them up at this time of year.
Ensure that all pets – even indoor cats – have legible and up-to-date identification
Microchips are important, for all pets (even indoor-only cats). Speak with your veterinarian about having it done – the only time it's too late is once they've already disappeared. Make sure to register the chip and keep your contact information up-to-date.
The QR code ID tag by PetHub (www.PetHub.com) is an excellent means of identifying your pets. The tag comes with a personalized webpage for your pets and the QR code enables anybody with a smartphone to scan your lost pet. This technology greatly increases the chances of your lost pet being reunited with you.
The Tagg GPS locator for dogs (www.PetTracker.com) can be an excellent means of helping you actively locate an escaped dog and may be well worth the investment, especially if your dog is particularly “Houdini-esque”.
Conduct an effective and thorough search for any pets that go missing
Always have recent photos of your pets handy. After all, a picture speaks a thousand words and can likely do a better job of identifying your pet than any verbal description you can muster up.
Contact your microchip company and tag company. If you have the PetHub tag, be sure to ensure that the information on your pet's personal webpage is up-to-date.
Enroll you neighbors to keep an eye open for your missing pet in the neighborhood.
Contact all veterinary clinics and hospitals in your area; don't forget about your local pet emergency hospitals.
Contact your local animal shelters and monitor their websites (many shelters will update their website with found pets). Be sure to call and check their website every day – but be patient with them, they are sure to be overloaded with enquiries and pets to care for.
Plaster your neighborhood and town with Lost Pet posters – be sure to include a photo and any of your pet's distinguishing features. And be sure to include a way for people to get in touch with you!
Post a “lost pet notice” on Craigslist, check back daily.
Take the simple steps highlighted above and not only will you minimize the likelihood that your pet will be amongst the thousands of pets entering a shelter this year on July 5th, but you'll also greatly increase the chances that you'll be reunited with them if they do.
Have a safe and wonderful 4th (and a stress-free 5th)!
Dr. Jason Nicholas
“The Preventive Vet”
*Much of the advice laid out in this blog post isn't exclusive to fireworks associated with the 4th of July. It also applies to preventing lost pets from fireworks on and around New Years Eve – or any other occasion – and those that get lost as a result of thunder and other noise phobias.
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Islamic State, the al Qaeda splinter group which has seized parts of Syria and Iraq, has told activists in Syria's Deir al-Zor province they must swear allegiance to it and submit to censorship, a monitoring group said on Friday.
A fighter of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) holds an ISIL flag and a weapon on a street in the city of Mosul, June 23, 2014. REUTERS/Stringer
The militant group imposed the rules after a meeting on Tuesday with activists involved in media work, the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
International media organizations have little presence in Syria and rely on activists and other sources to provide information on what is happening in the country.
Islamic State also told the activists they must recognize the caliphate, based on their strict interpretation of Islam, that it has declared in the parts of Iraq and Syria it controls.
It also said they must stop using the term “Daash” to describe the group. “Daash” is the Arabic acronym for the group's previous name, the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), and is mainly used by people who oppose it.
The Observatory, a Britain-based group which reports on Syria using a network of sources on the ground, said Islamic State also banned activists from working with television channels immediately.
They were told that any videos, pictures or written reports needed to be reviewed by the Islamic State's “Information Office,” before distribution.
Islamic State, which has been fighting rival rebel groups and government forces in Syria, has its own media operation distributed on social media and militant internet forums.
It used its media arm to effect in June when it announced the creation of the caliphate in statements in a series of languages. It has also produced videos showing the group's leader and celebrating its military advances.
Elsewhere in the country, the group has carried out beheadings and mutilations after finding people guilty of crimes and has set strict limits on women's rights as part of its campaign to forcibly impose its radical brand of Islam.
In the eastern city of Raqqa, the Islamic State's stronghold, the group even executed people who had supported the revolt and carried out other actions which have intimidated activists.
In Iraq, the group has been systematically stamping out any religious or cultural influences they deem non-Islamic since their sweep through the north in June.
Oct 19, 2013; Houston, TX, USA; Jessica Eye (blue gloves) reacts after being defeated by decision by Sarah Kaufman (not pictured) in their women
It is no secret that the last two UFC events have been relatively paltry when it comes to action. In fact, every single bout in the last two preliminary cards have gone to a decision. With UFC 170 right around the corner, it may be difficult for you to get excited about the prelims. I am here to tell you that this weekend's prelims will buck the trend and deliver exciting action. Today, I will break down the FOX Sports 1 prelims and tell you the good, the bad, and the GIF's for each bout.
Zach Makovsky vs Josh Sampo
The Good: At this point, who does not love a Flyweight fight? The Flyweights always put on exciting shows, and this should be no different. Makovsky, the former Bellator Bantamweight champion and the former RFA Flyweight champion, looked incredibly impressive in their UFC debut over Scott Jorgensen on short notice. They will look to keep on the winning track against Josh Sampo. Sampo is a CFA product, and is coming off their UFC debut victory in which they defeated Ryan Benoit by submission. This fight also has title implications with the sparse contenders in the Flyweight division.
The Bad: There is nothing bad about this fight, it should be a barnburner.
The GIF's
Zach Makovsky
Credit: Zombie Prophet
Josh Sampo
Credit: Zombie Prophet
Cody Gibson vs. Aljamain Sterling
The Good: Aljamain Sterling is one of the brightest prospects the UFC has picked up in some time. Sterling is an 8-0 Bantamweight who trains at Serra-Longo Fight Team with UFC Middleweight champion, Chris Weidman. Sterling has 5 finishes in their 8 victories. Cody Gibson is 11-3 with 7 finishes to their credit. This fight is a prospect vs prospect battle and could potentially be the beginning of a championship run for either man.
The Bad: Debuts in the UFC are always a double edged sword. Sometimes the fighter you expect to see is only a shell of themselves due to Octagon jitters. We will find out on Saturday night if both men are ready to perform on the big stage.
No GIF's for this bout! Will have the GIF's of their bout on Saturday night.
Raphael Assuncao vs Pedro Munhoz
The Good: When Francisco Rivera had to pull out of this fight, it looked like the UFC would be forced to pull Assuncao off the card. Instead, the UFC signed yet another former RFA champion, undefeated 10-0 Pedro Munhoz, to step up on short notice. This fight has title implications for Assuncao, while Munhoz is a talented prospect looking to spoil the party.
The Bad: Nothing about this fight should be bad. Both men are exciting fighters, and should deliver on Saturday night.
The GIF's
Raphael Assuncao
Pedro Munhoz
Credit: Zombie Prophet
Jessica Eye vs Alexis Davis
The Good: Eye has been in the media for all the wrong reasons this past month regarding their failed drug test back at UFC 166. At the end of the day, however, Eye is a legit contender at Bantamweight and is certainly a can't miss fighter. That being said, their opponent, Alexis Davis, is right on the doorstep of a title shot. This bout is pivotal in the Women's Bantamweight division, and could produce the #1 contender.
The Bad: Hopefully Eye's media frenzy coupled with their father's illness will not hinder their performance on Saturday night. Otherwise, this is a great fight.
The GIF's
Jessica Eye
Credit: Zombie Prophet
Alexis Davis
Credit: Zombie Prophet
It is an opportunity that comes after a period of decline in lobbying revenues for many major firms. Total lobbying spending in Washington, after climbing consistently for nearly two decades began to dip in 2011, as congressional action slowed with divided government.
“Trump's management style and policy approach to the campaign implies they are going to set big broad ‘beautiful' direction and the elected lawmakers will take significant cuts at trying to flesh it out and reflect their will,” said Bruce P. Mehlman, the founder of Mehlman Castagnetti Rosen & Thomas, which has more than 70 clients ranging from Adobe, the software company, to Walmart.
Lobbyists will also be leveraging their relationships. Mr. Lott, for example, noted their longstanding friendship with Senator Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama, whose name has been mentioned as a possible secretary of defense, as well as their former aides like Rick Dearborn, a senior policy adviser to Mr. Trump, and David Hoppe, the chief of staff to Speaker Paul D. Ryan.
“There are going to be a lot of companies and people looking for guidance in how to deal with the legislative and executive branch,” Mr. Lott said. “I am looking forward to it.”
Republicans have pledged, if necessary, to repeal much of the Affordable Care Act or to pass changes in tax code using a process known as reconciliation that requires only a simple majority and not the 60 votes typically required for contentious matters, making the pitch for lobbyists somewhat easier.
But Democrats will be needed for many measures, particularly in the Senate, which is why Steve Elmendorf, a Democratic lobbyist, said they were not worried about potential losses of clients.
The federal government should not interfere with state laws legalizing and regulating the use and distribution of marijuana, according to several Republican presidential candidates who spoke on the issue during last night's presidential debate.
Kentucky Senator Rand Paul, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and business executive Carly Fiorina weighed in on the issue.
Consistent with previous statements, candidates Bush, Fiorina and Paul expressed support for allowing states to move forward with marijuana policies that are divergent from federal prohibition—with Paul speaking most strongly in support of states' authority to explore legalization alternatives. Paul also spoke of the need for Congress to enact the Compassionate Access, Research Expansion, and Respect States (CARERS) Act to strengthen statewide medical marijuana protections and impose various changes to federal law.
By contrast, Christie reaffirmed their desire to use the power of the federal government to override state-approved laws legalizing the retail production and sale of cannabis, which they called a “gateway drug.” Christie implied that they would not take such action in states that have regulated the use of medicinal cannabis, such as in their home state of New Jersey.
Florida Senator Marco Rubio, who shares Christie's position, did not comment.
The fact that the majority of candidates who spoke on the issue expressed support for the sanctity of state marijuana laws is hardly surprising. According to the most recent Pew poll, an estimated 60 percent of Americans agree that the government “should not enforce federal marijuana laws in states that allow use.” State-specific surveys from early primary states, including Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina, report even greater voter sentiment in favor of this position.
While it is encouraging to see some Republican candidates deferring to the principles of federalism in regard to the rising tide of public support in favor of marijuana law reform, far too many politicians in both parties continue to deny the reality that public and scientific opinion are in direct conflict with federal marijuana policy.
In the 2016 presidential race, it is inherent that the candidates from both political parties recognize that advocating for marijuana law reform is a political opportunity, not a political liability.
National polls consistently show that majorities of voters—particularly male voters, Democrat voters and younger (Millennial) voters—embrace ending cannabis criminalization altogether and replacing it with a system of legalization and regulation.
Yet, to date, no leading candidate from either political party has embraced this broader position. That is unfortunate.
In the past presidential election, marijuana legalization ballot measures in Colorado and Washington proved to be more popular at the polls than either presidential candidate. The 2016 presidential hopefuls ought to be more concerned with positioning themselves to be on the right side of history than on trying to appease a vocal minority that is woefully out of touch with both changing public and scientific opinion.
In a first for the country, California's Environmental Protection Agency (Cal/EPA) has issued plans to list glyphosate—the toxic active ingredient in Monsanto's Roundup herbicide—as known to cause cancer.
Big news! California EPA Moves to Label Monsanto's Roundup 'Carcinogenic' http://t.co/gbIK0XVkhd #BanRoundup pic.twitter.com/6QZqUw9oxm — Center 4 Food Safety (@TrueFoodNow) September 6, 2015
According to a "notice of intent" issued last week by the Cal/EPA's California's Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment (OEHHA), the effort falls under California's Proposition 65, in which the state is required to publish a list of chemicals known to cause cancer or birth defects or other reproductive harm.
The same law, otherwise known as the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986, also requires that certain substances identified by the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC)—the World Health Organization's cancer arm—be listed as known to cause cancer.
The state agency's Sept. 4 announcement follows a classification of glyphosate by the IARC as "probably carcinogenic to humans" in March.
“Case-control studies of occupational exposure in the USA, Canada, and Sweden reported increased risks for non-Hodgkin lymphoma that persisted after adjustment for other pesticides,” the IARC said about the herbicide. There is also “convincing evidence” that it can cause cancer in laboratory animals.
It appears that California is the first state in the country to make this assessment about the controversial chemical, according to Dr. Nathan Donley, a scientist at the Center for Biological Diversity.
"As far as I'm aware, this is the first regulatory agency in the U.S. to determine that glyphosate is a carcinogen," they explained in an email to EcoWatch. "So this is a very big deal."
Roundup, Monsanto's flagship herbicide, is sprayed on crops all over the world and is the most popular weed-killer in the U.S. The agribusiness giant maintains the safety of their product and has demanded the WHO retract their report.
A day before California's EPA made the announcement, Monsanto also tweeted this link:
Do you have questions about glyphosate? We're answering the most common questions here: http://t.co/liwzBzdwCm pic.twitter.com/qLof0WxVfs — Monsanto Company (@MonsantoCo) September 3, 2015
Despite the company's claims, many years of scientific research have linked Roundup to a slew of health and environmental problems, as well as the record decline of monarch butterflies. In June, France banned the sale of Roundup in garden centers amid concerns of toxicity.
It's unclear if states will follow in California's footsteps, but the Golden State specifically has the legislative edge on labeling laws.
"If any other states do end up determining that glyphosate is a carcinogen, I don't think that they would have the labeling requirements that Prop 65 gives the state of California," Donley said. "And it's the labeling requirements that really give consumers the information they need to make an informed decision on whether or not to purchase a specific product."
Besides glyphosate, three other chemicals—tetrachlorvinphos, parathion and malathion—were also listed as cancer-causing by the Cal/EPA. The agency's notice of intent aims to add these chemicals within 30 days to the approximately 800 chemicals that are known to cause cancer, RT reports.
Sam Delson, a spokesperson for the OEHHA, told Agri-Pulse that businesses with 10 or more employees that use chemicals on this list must provide a “clear and reasonable warning” of the product's potential dangers.
The listing does not restrict use or sales of the specified substances, and the public is allowed to submit comments regarding the proposal through Oct. 5.
Monsanto spokesperson Charla Lord told Agri-Pulse that "glyphosate is an effective and valuable tool for farmers and other users, including many in the State of California. During the upcoming comment period, we will provide detailed scientific information to OEHHA about the safety of glyphosate and work to ensure that any potential listing will not affect glyphosate use or sales in California."
Consumer advocates have approved of the move from the Cal/EPA.
“Since The World Health Organization's research arm recently declared glyphosate is probably carcinogenic to humans, listing it under Prop 65 and requiring it to be labeled as such is a logical next step,” Rebecca Spector, west coast director at Center for Food Safety, told EcoWatch.
Environmental activist Erin Brokovich also wrote in a Facebook post last week, "Monsanto had a bad day yesterday ... It's finally the beginning of the end."
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE
5 Next Steps in the Big Food Fight
Two More European Countries Ban Monsanto's GMO Crops
Germany Follows Scotland on Move to Ban GMO Crops
Bardiani and CSF have confirmed they will sponsor the Italian Professional team until 2020 despite multiple cases of doping during 2017 that hit the team hard during 2017 and could damage their chances of securing a wild card invitation to next year's Giro d'Italia. Related Articles UCI suspends Bardiani CSF for double doping positives
Guardini signs with Bardiani-CSF - News shorts
Bardiani-CSF rider blames positive doping test on their mother's medicine
Bardiani-CSF confirm Guardini and Senni in 17-rider roster for 2018
Ruffoni banned for four years
Bardiani-CSF rejoin MPCC on probationary basis
Bardiani-CSF have signed sprinter Andrea Guardini from the UAE Team Emirates and Colorado Classic winner Manuel Senni from BMC Racing to boost their 17-rider 2018 roster. Bardiani-CSF will again have an all-Italian roster, with an average age of 23.5 years. The riders have gathered for their first training camp of the new season in Montecchio Emilia in central Italy and revealed a new-look green and orange kit. Luca Bardiani still hopes the team can one day step up to WorldTour level.
"For our team the sponsorship extension is, first of all, a new boost of confidence," general manager Bruno Reverberi said confirming the news.
"We are really happy and satisfied that the #GreenTeam story have a future. We would like to thank Luca and Emanuela Bardiani, Rolando Paterlini and CSF founders Aldo Pattacini and Ettore Catellani because all together we're build something important.
"With up and downs, wins and defeats, Bardiani-CSF found its place in professional cycling and is giving an important contribution to keep alive Italian movement."
Bardiani-CSF won four races in 2017: a stage at the Tour de Langkawi, two stages at the Tour of Croatia, and a stage at the Tour of Utah. The team finished 66th in the Europe Tour rankings.
The UCI confirmed that Nicola Ruffoni and Stefano Pirazzi had tested positive for growth hormone-releasing peptides (GHRPs) on the day of the team presentation at the Giro d'Italia. The rider took to the stage but then sneaked away. They were eventually banned and sacked by Bardiani-CSF but the double-positive sparked a month ban for the whole team from June 14 to July 14.
The team was caught up in another anti-doping case in October when La Gazzetta dello Sport revealed that 22-year-old Michael Bresciani tested positive for the diuretic furosemide in their first race with the team. They joined the team on June 1 to replace Ruffoni and Pirazzi but tested positive at the Italian national championships.
Bresciani claimed their positive test was sparked by contamination from medicine their mother takes. They have not been suspended by the UCI while they study their case but they agreed to a self-suspension with the Bardiani-CSF team in August, claiming they were only negligent and had not tried to dope. Bresciani is listed as part of the Bardiani-CSF roster for 2018.
12 riders have been retained from the 2017 squad including Vincenzo Albanese, Simone Andreetta, Enrico Barbin, Giulio Ciccone and Simone Sterbini. Nicola Boem and Niccolò Pacinotti have left the team, while Guardini and Senni are joined by neo-pros Giovanni Carboni, Umberto Orsini and Daniel Savini.
Someone stole an AR-15 rifle and a bulletproof vest from a state police cruiser, according to state police and they are looking for the person responsible. (Published Tuesday, March 8, 2016)
Someone stole an AR-15 rifle and a bulletproof vest from a state police cruiser, according to state police and they are looking for the person responsible.
It happened on Rutland Road in Milford, according to state police.
The gun and the vest were taken from a locked trunk of the cruiser, police said.
According to Milford police, there were 12 car break-ins on West Rutland Road, Plains Road and Haystack Road on Tuesday morning and a green 2015 Ford Fusion with Vermont plates GHK528 was stolen at the end of the crime spree.
Police said they recovered a car in the neighborhood this morning and it had been stolen from New Haven.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Milford Police Department (203) 878-6551, call 911 or to text "TIP" to 236748.
A large portion of Jim Garlow's “Future Conference” in San Diego this week was devoted to the plight of Christians in parts of the Middle East, including those imprisoned and even executed by ISIS and oppressive governments.
The speakers largely refrained from making strained false equivalencies between Christians persecuted by ISIS and American Christians “persecuted” by having to provide public services to gay people. (The Family Research Council's Tony Perkins, who has made a cottage industry out of this kind of rhetoric, was scheduled to speak but had to drop out because of illness.) To Garlow's credit, they also invited Suzan Johnson Cook, the former Obama-appointed U.S. ambassador-at-large for international religious freedom, to discuss the work that they did in that office.
But Cook was forced to confront some of the entrenched right-wing talking points about the Obama administration and religious freedom when, in a Q&A after their speech, conservative pundit Gina Loudon asked them why “we hear so little” from the administration about efforts to help victims of religious persecution. Loudon's question echoed the claims of many Religious Right activist who claim that the president has done little to free imprisoned Christians, even when presented with evidence to the contrary.
Cook told Loudon that how much the administration says publicly about these cases does not always reflect the amount of work that they are doing “delicately and discreetly” behind the scenes. While such cases are “a priority,” they said, “many times you can't tell the story of who's being persecuted outwardly, because many times their very lives were at stake”:
kentuckytourism.com
Last June, I found myself in Winchester, Kentucky, near Lexington, at the 6th annual Beer Cheese Fest. Yes, something called a Beer Cheese Fest does exist—in fact, it's the only one of its kind. Clark County, where Winchester is located, is the birthplace of beer cheese, Ale-8-One ginger-flavored soda, and the Beer Cheese Trail (of course there's a trail). As the legend goes, in the late 1930s Johnnie Allman owned The Driftwood Inn and served their cousin Joe's “Snappy Cheese” as a complimentary snack to increase the customers' cravings for beer. Traditionally, sliced veggies were used for dipping. Today, beer cheese has evolved into more of a cheese spread appetizer that's served with hard and soft pretzels, crudités, as a condiment, or my favorite, just on its own.
My love for beer cheese began in the spring of 2013. I moved to Northern Kentucky in 2011 and occasionally saw pre-packaged beer cheeses in stores, but it wasn't until I made a trip to Louisville that everything changed for me. I brunched at Harvest, a popular farm-to-table eatery in Louisville, and on their menu they had beer cheese. But their beer cheese wasn't the typical cold-packed nuclear orange glob-y substance sold in stores; theirs was a runnier, eggshell color (made with white cheddar cheese) that had local craft beer in it, and it tasted spectacular.
I eventually read about this peculiar Beer Cheese Fest taking place in June, and made a decision to enter their amateur contest (40 people total entered). Anyone can make a batch of beer cheese and enter, just as long as they pay the $10 entry fee and deliver their creation to Winchester City Hall by 11 a.m. on the day of fest. The idea of me not only attending the fest but also possibly winning one of their cash prizes seemed capricious, but it was another thing I could add to my resume: “Garin Pirnia, Award-Winning Beer Cheese Person.” I spent the month prior to the fest preparing what I believed to be my best beer cheese. The recipe seemed simple—beer and shredded sharp cheddar cheese blended together with spices—but it was more complex than that. I eschewed the normal methods and instead mimicked Harvest's gourmet offering.
kentuckytourism.com
Traditionally, beer cheese can be served either hot or cold and consists of cheese, beer (make sure it's flat), garlic, sometimes Worcestershire sauce, mustard powder, cayenne pepper, sometimes cream cheese, and whatever else you feel like tossing in there (I like horseradish). Mass-producing companies such as Kentucky Beer Cheese and Howard's Creek stick to the more traditional recipe, whereas Dad's Favorites in Lexington sells radical flavors made with Asiago and sun-dried tomatoes. I should mention those prepared beer cheeses all employ semi-processed cheese and preservatives; some have high-fructose corn syrup, artificial flavors, and cellulose added, so it's best to make your own.
Perfecting my home recipe quickly became an expensive endeavor (I used recipes from Food.com and All Recipies.com as templates and then tweaked them to my own preference). I bought animal rennet-free white cheddar cheeses (Whole Foods and Trader Joe's have good selections of vegetarian cheeses), local craft beers (full-bodied but moderately hopped IPAs, brown ales, and stouts like Brooklyn Dry Irish Stout work best). To flatten the beer, I poured it into a container and let it sit out for a few hours. I roasted garlic to mute its strength, and I experimented with different combinations (sometimes I blended different cheeses together) to find the right mix, and blended it all together in a food processor. The night before the competition, I meticulously made my beer cheese—every ingredient mattered—in hopes it'd wow the three judges. I thought, shouldn't I win based on merit alone?
The day of the competition was a cloudless, warm summer day in Winchester. Long queues formed in the street to try the 18 commercial vendors' cheeses—between 10,000-12,000 hungry beer cheese lovers attended the fest. When I dropped off my beer cheese at City Hall and saw my competitors' thick annatto-hued cheeses being placed inside what looked like urine sample cups (they were really soufflé cups), I realized I'd already lost. After I sampled a panoply of mediocre commercial cheeses, it further confirmed most Kentuckians wouldn't be ready for my second wave of avant-garde style beer cheese. They seemed content with their Cheez Whiz-esque beer cheeses. Kentuckians take their beer cheese heritage very seriously, so why change something that's worked so well for 70 years? Although more and more restaurants are making their own gourmet varietals, beer cheese fundamentally remains a cheese spread aimed at the hoi polloi.
I didn't win any of the top three prizes, and left the fest crestfallen. I probably won't enter the competition again this year, but I think I'll continue to make my own beer cheese the way I like it, on my own terms. Now I'm enamored with fromage fort, which is fancy stinky cheeses blended with wine. Akin to beer cheese, this could also become an expensive hobby. But if you hear about any cheese-booze fests geared toward a trencherwoman like myself, I could be persuaded out of retirement.
Garin Pirnia, who has a weird, made-up name, is a freelance arts and culture writer and has written for Rolling Stone, Esquire, Mental Floss, and many other publications. They consider themselves to be a beer cheese aficionado, and wants people to know it's more than just a cheese spread. Twitter: @gpirnia
Let's start with the easy ones:
The New Orleans Saints (10-3) can clinch a playoff berth with one more victory this season (at St. Louis this coming Sunday, at Carolina in Week 16 or home vs. Tampa Bay in Week 17). They will probably get in even if they finish 0-3.
The Saints can clinch the NFC South title with a win at Carolina (9-4) in Week 16.
The Saints can clinch both the NFC South title and the No. 2 seed in the NFC with any two victories (even if they lose at Carolina). If the Saints and Panthers both finish 12-4, the Saints will win the tie-breaker based on conference record.
However, the Saints cannot clinch the NFC South yet this weekend, even if they win and Carolina loses to the New York Jets (since the Jets are an AFC team). The Panthers can actually still win the NFC South if both teams finish 11-5 – under two different scenarios.
It almost seems too complicated to bother explaining with three weeks still left in the season. But I know lots of people are into this stuff. So here goes:
The Saints will win all possible tie-breakers if both teams finish 12-4.
The Saints will win the tie-breaker at 11-5 if they beat Carolina in Week 16 (based on head-to-head record).
The Saints will win the tie-breaker at 11-5 if Carolina loses to Atlanta in Week 17. (The Saints would win based on division record if they beat Tampa Bay. And they would win based on conference record if they beat St. Louis).
The Panthers will win the tie-breaker at 11-5 if they beat Atlanta and the Saints lose to Tampa Bay (based on division record).
It's still undecided what will happen if the Panthers lose to the Jets, beat New Orleans and beat Atlanta AND the Saints lose to St. Louis and beat Tampa Bay. Under that scenario it will come down to strength of victory, where the Saints currently hold a slight edge.
If both teams finish 10-6, it will also come down to strength of victory.
Hope that didn't just confuse everyone further. If you want to play around with all the possible scenarios around the league, check out ESPN'com's savvy playoff machine.
The new programme aims primarily to halt the decline of lions, leopards, cheetahs, wild dogs and Ethiopian wolves, increasingly threatened by poaching, habitat fragmentation and human encroachment on wild habitats. Made possible by funding from the European Commission's B4Life initiative, the SOS African Wildlife project will enable coordinated conservation work across the species' natural habitats. A call for project proposals is now open inviting civil society organisations to apply.
“We are extremely grateful for the support from the European Commission,” says Jean-Christophe Vié, Deputy Director, IUCN's Global Species Programme and SOS Director. “This new programme is an important step in the journey of helping people build resilience and wealth by cherishing their unique natural heritage. It will help us protect Africa's fast-disappearing apex predators as well as their main prey species, large ecosystems and support local livelihoods.”
Despite successful conservation action in southern Africa, the lion (Panthera leo) remains listed as globally Vulnerable by the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species™ due to declines in other regions across Africa. A recent study determined that just 7,100 cheetahs (Acinonyx jubatus) remain in the wild. Meanwhile, only 500 Endangered Ethiopian wolves (Canis simensis) survive, confined to isolated mountain ranges in Ethiopia's highlands. Leopards are also declining in most of their range.
The new programme will enable coordinated conservation action by financing a portfolio of conservation projects undertaken by civil society organisations across the continent. It will address human-wildlife conflict, which is at the root of much of the decline, by generating alternative livelihoods for local communities. It will also contribute to ensuring the long-term survival of smaller carnivores and prey species such as various antelope species by empowering civil society organisations which will work with relevant authorities and involve local communities in finding solutions to prevent their extinction.
Concrete outputs expected include increases in the populations of species targeted by each project and in critical habitat area as well as the reduction of direct threats and conflicts.
Co-Chair of the IUCN Cat Specialist Group Urs Breitenmoser says: “Conserving lions, leopards and cheetahs will help us conserve other species. Meanwhile, we will have to address a broad range of threats and conflicts and involve many parts of society in different ways depending on the species in question.”
The SOS African Wildlife programme will support anti-poaching efforts which comply with the aims of the EU Action Plan against wildlife trafficking. This will be achieved by ensuring smaller projects funded through SOS are complementary to larger projects which will be directly supported by the European Commission to implement its strategic approach to Wildlife Conservation in Africa, "Larger than Elephants".
Claudio Sillero-Zubiri, Chair of the IUCN SSC Canid Specialist Group, says: “On the roof of Africa a few hundred Ethiopian wolves - Africa's rarest and most threatened carnivore species - survive against the odds in tiny mountain enclaves. In contrast, wild dogs require vast areas across Sub-Saharan Africa to eke out a living.
“The destiny of these iconic carnivores inevitably depends on diminishing prey populations, the advance of the agriculture frontier and our ability to protect them from resulting conflicts. SOS African Wildlife offers a great opportunity to empower and support dedicated organisations and individuals across Africa to protect these threatened carnivores and the habitats they represent.”
The new programme builds on the experience and results of the first five-year phase of IUCN's SOS - Save Our Species in which over 100 grants were awarded to support the conservation of 250 threatened species worldwide since 2010. It also complements IUCN's Integrated Tiger Habitat Conservation Programme funded by the German government, initiated in 2014, as well as the recently announced SOS Lemurs initiative. These first five years of conservation action under SOS achieved important results in the protection of numerous threatened species.
Dr. Roberto Ridolfi, Director, "Sustainable Growth and Development" at the European Commission Directorate for International Cooperation and Development, says: "The role and importance of large carnivores is recognised as being of critical significance for the protection of fragile equilibriums of entire ecosystems. Yet, increasing pressures on land and water resources are leading to conflicts between man and animals and eventually the irreversible degradation of whole landscapes. The involvement of local communities as forefront actors in the conservation of threatened carnivore species is of crucial importance and has proven to be a long underestimated key to success when it comes to sustainability and efficiency."
"The European Commission is proud to support the SOS - Save Our Species initiative because of its coherence with the EU's Biodiversity for Life strategic approach which combines coherence, coordination and cross sector partnerships to tackle the challenges related to the protection of biodiversity and the building of sustainable livelihoods."
For more information or to set up interviews, please contact:
Bianca Vergnaud, IUCN Media Relations, tel.: +32 2 739 1001, Bianca.Vergnaud@iucn.org;
Simon Bradley, SOS - Save Our Species Media Relations, tel.: +41 22 999 0372, Simon.Bradley@iucn.org
Toronto City Council will vote at its May 7 meeting if it should proceed with a city staff report on Porter Airlines' request for two amendments to the Tripartite Agreement, which governs the operation of Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport. Porter has offered to underwrite reasonable costs of such a report to assist in it returning to council on a timely basis. By voting to proceed with the preparation of a staff report on Porter's proposed growth plans, City Council can ensure that a full, open and transparent dialogue is conducted for the benefit of all over the coming weeks.
If Porter's planned expansion is approved by Toronto city council, the airline intends to purchase 30 Canadian-made CS100 whisper jets, and an additional six Toronto-assembled Bombardier Q400s like the one pictured above. ( MARK BLINCH / REUTERS )
Porter has outlined its plans to spread our wings to destinations such as Calgary, Vancouver, Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Miami, Orlando, the Caribbean, and some other locations across North America. To make those plans a reality, we looked globally for the appropriate aircraft to operate from Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport and chose a special whisper jet that has been developed and is being built in Canada. We like this airplane so much that we signed a conditional purchase agreement for 30 of them at a cost of $2.1 billion; a significant investment in the Canadian aerospace industry. Our growth plans also include the purchase of six more Bombardier Q400s, which we selected originally because its quiet sound profile is ideal for operation at this airport. The Q400 is assembled in Toronto. To fly the CS100 from Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport to our potential destinations, we require the support of the three signatories to the Tripartite Agreement that has controlled the airport's operation since 1983. We are respectfully requesting that the City of Toronto, the federal government and the Toronto Port Authority approve an amendment to operate this whisper jet from the airport, despite the fact that a jet ban was imposed 30 years ago when jets were noisy and not environmentally friendly. We are also asking for a 168-metre extension into water on both ends of the existing runway – an extension that is within the airport's existing boundaries and will not affect the boating community or change the location of buoys currently in place.
Article Continued Below
We've known since we began exploring our vision for these growth plans that obtaining the two amendments wouldn't be automatic. At our announcement, we stated clearly that our aircraft order is conditional on these approvals, and we want to have open and transparent discussions with all involved in our proposal. We welcome a public discourse that goes beyond the three parties to the agreement and includes a true cross-section of opinion … from homeowners to passengers, and downtown residents to those who make their living from this airport. We didn't make our plans known in advance because we knew we couldn't proceed unless we had an aircraft that could operate quietly from Toronto's urban airport and stay within the airport's existing marine boundary. The CS100 is such an airplane. It is comparably quiet to the Q400 and has unmatched performance capabilities. We're proud to make it the cornerstone of this initiative. The dialogue on our two requests has only just begun. Porter is proud of its seven-year track record and all that has been accomplished since 2006. We've kept our promises. We've been a responsible operator and a good neighbour. We've flown over 190,000 flights to and from Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport, carried more than 8 million passengers, and have helped deliver over $2 billion a year in economic benefits to our city. Porter has created 1,400 jobs in the past seven years and, if allowed to proceed, we will create direct employment for an additional 1,000 people. We developed our growth plans with care and consideration. The potential benefits for the City of Toronto and the travelling public are significant and we believe we have earned the opportunity to have our requests debated, fully and openly, with all of the facts available. We welcome scrutiny by councillors and city staff and urge approval to proceed with the staff report as the all-important first step.
Robert Deluce is the president and CEO of Porter Airlines.
Donald Trump's ad begins with a shot of President Obama and Hillary Clinton. Then comes a U.S. battleship launching a cruise-missile strike. From there it moves swiftly through an explosive montage: The suspects in the recent California terrorist attack. Shadowy figures racing across the U.S.-Mexico border. Islamic State militants.
The narrator, a deep-voiced man, speaks ominously: “That's why he's calling for a temporary shutdown of Muslims entering the United States, until we can figure out what's going on. He'll quickly cut the head off ISIS and take their oil. And he'll stop illegal immigration by building a wall on our southern border that Mexico will pay for.”
The spot closes with the image of Trump thundering at one of their rallies, “We will make America great again!”
The Republican presidential candidate's long-awaited and hotly anticipated first ad, which was shared exclusively with The Washington Post, is set to launch Monday as part of a series that will air in the final month before the Iowa caucuses. Trump has vowed to spend at least $2 million a week on the ads — an amount that will be amplified by the countless times they are likely to be played on cable news and across social media.
[Donald Trump featured in new extremist recruitment video]
Donald Trump addresses thousands of supporters last Saturday in Biloxi, Miss. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images)
The decision to air television ads — which Trump hinted at for months, though the billionaire mogul has been loath to spend more than they deem necessary — represents a tightly produced new act for a candidate who has fed largely off free media attention.
In an interview Sunday with The Post, Trump said that they have six to eight ads in production and that theirs was a “major buy and it's going to go on for months.” They said they hope the spots impress upon undecided voters that the country has become “a dumping ground.”
“The world is laughing at us, at our stupidity,” they said. “It's got to stop. We've got to get smart fast — or else we won't have a country.”
Trump has risen to the top of a chaotic Republican field in part because they embody voters' rejection of the professional political class. By taking to the airwaves, they are turning to one of the traditional tools of a modern political campaign.
[One year, two races: Inside the Republican Party's bizarre, tumultuous 2015]
Trump watched last fall as rival campaigns and their allies spent tens of millions of dollars on TV ads that did not give them much bounce. They said they figured that advertising would be a waste for him, too. Yet as the race tightened with the approach of the new year, some of Trump's supporters, including former ­adviser Roger Stone, publicly urged them to compete on the air.
Trump said they concluded that they may end up regretting not spending more of their own money to secure the nomination. They said they recalled thinking, “I'm $35 million to $40 million under budget, and to be honest, I don't think I need [ads] because I have such a big lead. But I don't want to take any chances, and I almost feel guilty not spending money.”
1 of 25 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × People and groups Donald Trump has denounced View Photos Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is not one to back down readily from controversial statements, and the list of those they dislike continues to grow. Caption Not one to back down easily from controversial statements, the Republican presidential candidate continues to add to the list of people they condemn. Mitt Romney After being attacked as a “fraud” by Mitt Romney, Donald Trump slammed them as a “choke artist” and “failed candidate” who begged for Trump's endorsement during their 2012 presidential bid. Tom Smart/EPA Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
The first ad, titled “Great Again,” makes clear that Trump's closing pitch to voters will be as visceral and arresting as the one they deliver at raucous rallies. It is a full embrace of the most incendiary of their proposals, as opposed to the more biographical spots that some other candidates favor.
One afternoon last week in the candidate's 26th-floor suite at Trump Tower here, the fiery depictions of global terrorism flickered on Trump's face as they stared down at campaign manager Corey Lewandowski's laptop computer to watch the final cut of the ad.
“Play it again,” Trump told Lewandowski, nodding approvingly. “I love the feel of it.”
The ad, which is 30 seconds long, will air in Iowa and New Hampshire. Lewandowski said Trump eventually plans to advertise in Nevada and South Carolina, whose contests will come later in February.
In a statement Monday, the Trump campaign said it has allocated $1.1 million for Iowa and close to $1 million for New Hampshire.
Airwaves in the early states already are saturated, with campaigns and super PACs in both parties gobbling up advertising time.
For instance, Ohio Gov. John Kasich released the first ad of their campaign Sunday. The spot, which will air in New Hampshire, has striking imagery and highlights Kasich's rough upbringing, personal resilience and governing achievements. The intended takeaway: “John Kasich never gives up.”
Advertising by Trump has been limited to radio spots until this week. In November, they made a $300,000 buy for four ads that played in early states, including one that promised they would “decisively bomb the hell out of ISIS.”
Trump's campaign said Monday that it would purchase more radio ad time in the coming weeks with several surrogates promoting him. A new radio ad in South Carolina features Nancy Mace, the first female graduate of The Citadel.
Trump said they reviewed several proposals for their first television ad but settled on the dark backdrop of “Great Again” because they wanted to showcase what makes them stand apart from the competition: bucking political correctness and speaking in vivid, stark terms about threats to national security.
Although Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.), New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, Kasich and other Republican presidential candidates have at times echoed Trump, none has gone as far as Trump in recommending that Muslims be barred from entering the country or that a massive, impenetrable border wall be built.
[Republicans embrace Trump's ban on Muslims while most others reject it]
Trump said they want their ads to hammer that distinction for voters who may still be torn between two or more candidates.
“It's about immigration and safety, and they play hand in hand,” they said. “If you look at every poll, I'm the leader on the economy, but it's immigration and ISIS, too. I'm bringing them all together.”
Alex Castellanos, a longtime GOP ad creator who is unaligned in the 2016 race, said Trump ought to use their January ads to make a closing argument. They even came up with a slogan: “The strength we want for the change we need.”
“Sum it up before the jury,” Castellanos said. “I would make the case that America is in decline, about to slip over the precipice, and we need a president as big as our fears and as strong as our adversaries — and only one man has demonstrated that strength.”
Trump and Lewandowski declined to name the firm or person responsible for producing the ads. When pressed, Trump said, “He's somebody who's respected very much, somebody's who's had a good record of ads.”
Trump said their advertising blitz is being financed chiefly out of their own pocket, although their campaign had raised $3.9 million through the third quarter of last year, much of that in small-dollar donations.
“All me, 100 percent me — 100 percent,” Trump said. “I'm self-funding my campaign. We do have small donors that send in $12, $25, $100, but they just send it in. We're not asking for it.”
Discussing their vision for the ads, Trump sounded more like a media strategist than a politician. They said that television has a unique aesthetic and that rather than speaking directly into the camera, their ads would intersperse rally footage with images designed to draw viewers to focus on the issues of their campaign.
Trump said that as a producer and star of NBC's hit reality program “The Apprentice,” they came to appreciate that straight-to-camera ads featuring political candidates are boring or seem manufactured. By contrast, they said, Facebook, Instagram and other social media are more conducive to direct videos.
“We have a lot of the rallies in them and we'll include more, assuming it looks good and is captured right,” Trump said of their upcoming ads. “I don't like sitting down and shooting an ad because I don't think you capture the same energy you see at our events like we had in Mississippi on Saturday,” when they drew throngs to a 15,000-seat arena in Biloxi.
Trump added, “You can say the same words, ‘Make America Great Again,' and various themes around it, but it doesn't sound the same as it is when I'm up there on stage in front of 15,000 people going wild.”
Rucker reported from Washington.
Chris Kitching, cp24.com
People in most of southern Ontario, including Toronto, are bracing for an onslaught of wintry weather that may bring more snow to Canada's largest city than any other storm since late 2008.
With snowfall and winter storm warnings in effect, Environment Canada is predicting up to 25 centimetres of snow between Thursday and Friday nights as the storm moves into Canada from the U.S.
The City of Toronto issued an extreme weather alert and shelter employees are encouraging homeless people to spend the night in a shelter during the storm.
Light snow will spread into southern Ontario from Michigan and Lake Huron during the day and the heaviest snowfall will begin overnight, the national weather agency said.
Up to 15 cm of snow is possible by the start of Friday morning's commute, meaning it could be a slow, messy and dangerous drive to work.
According to Environment Canada, the heaviest snow is expected to occur along the Highway 401 corridor from London to the GTA, so motorists should be prepared for hazardous driving conditions, including poor visibility in blowing snow, if they venture onto the roads.
Toronto's fleet of plows and salt trucks are ready to go. After clearing expressways and main roads, trucks will clear local roads if the city receives at least eight cm of snow accumulation. Normally, local road plowing is completed 14 to 16 hours after a storm has passed.
The city says it will clear snow from sidewalks on local roads where it is mechanically possible if there is at least five cm of snow accumulation.
In the central core of the city, property owners are required to clear their sidewalks within 12 hours of a storm, the city says.
Storm a 'cowboy kind of event'
David Phillips, a senior climatologist with Environment Canada, said the province is getting hit by two weather systems - an Alberta clipper and a Texas low - at once.
“It's really a double whammy,” Phillips told CP24 on Thursday morning. “It's a real cowboy kind of event for us.”
Snowfall amounts will likely range between 15 and 25 cm, but some regions along Lake Ontario may receive more than that because of lake-effect snow, Phillips warned.
Phillips said the storm will affect a region from Owen Sound to Kingston and south to London and Niagara Region.
If the forecast is accurate, Toronto may receive its largest individual snowfall in almost half a decade.
The last time Toronto has had a single snowfall of more than 16 cm was Dec. 19, 2008, so people should be prepared to grab a shovel, Phillips said.
“We're maybe a little out of shape and we'll put our muscles into good use digging out of this particular one,” Phillips said.
Police urge motorists to drive carefully
Meanwhile, police are reminding people to drive with caution during the storm, but they also urged people not to drive if they don't have to.
Motorists should slow down, leave extra room between vehicles in case they are forced to come to a sudden stop, and be prepared for delays because the snow will likely create a slow commute, police said.
Ontario Provincial Police offered additional tips:
Drive with your full lighting system on to help you see and to be seen by others on the road
Top up your windshield washer fluid and carry an extra container
Travel with a full tank of gas
Clear snow off of your vehicle, including the roof, trunk, hood and windows
Carry a fully-charged cellphone and a cellphone charger
Carry a roadside safety kit that consists of a warm blanket, a winter hat, a pair of gloves, a candle for heat in case your vehicle breaks down, matches, a flashlight, snow shovel, dry food that will not freeze, and a small metal can that can be used to melt snow
People who become involved in a collision should remain inside the vehicle and avoid walking on the highway or road.
Airlines are urging customers to confirm their flight status before heading to Pearson or Billy Bishop airports, just in case there are any delays or cancellations.
The snowfall is expected to continue well into Friday as the weather disturbance passes just south of the Great Lakes.
Rain possible next week
Once the storm passes, it appears the GTA is in for a decent weekend.
Environment Canada is predicting sun and a high of -5 C on Saturday, and a mix of sun and cloud and a high of 2 C on Sunday. Rain and a high of 7 C is possible Monday.
People who live in the northeastern U.S. states may not be as fortunate, however.
After the storm leaves a blanket of snow in southern Ontario, it is expected to merge with a weather disturbance along the Atlantic coast and dump as much as 60 cm of snow in New England, Phillips said.
Phillips described it as a "classic" nor'easter with blizzard conditions.
@ChrisKitching is on Twitter. For instant breaking news, follow @CP24 on Twitter.
en:Kazamm / Wikimedia Commons Approximately 6,300 travel and hospitality workers near the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport will soon see their wages increase to at least $15 per hour thanks to a ballot initiative that passed by just 77 votes, with about 6,000 ballots cast.
Opponents of the measure believe it will drive businesses away and hurt the local economy. Supporters of it believe that workers deserve a much higher wage and that it will convince other nearby communities to do so as well, eliminating the incentives for businesses to locate elsewhere.
The evidence on minimum wage increases is mixed and it's not yet clear what impact it will have on the economy. It's a huge increase from Washington state's current minimum wage of $9.32, but it's also confined to an area that is already attractive for businesses thanks to the local airport.
The great part about this measure is that we can learn a lot from it. It's a natural experiment to determine the effects of a major minimum wage hike. Do companies move away? Do they jack up prices? Do they cut back on labor? This ballot measure can now help us answer those questions.
This was one of the things that Manhattan Institute fellow Scott Winship stressed to me in our interview:
Ultimately, you can't really figure out whether something is working or not without randomized experiments. We ought to institutionalize randomized experiments within the federal government by essentially allowing waivers for pretty much anything that the federal government funds. Allow states to make all sorts of policy choices or policy changes to programs like food stamps or TANF or SSI for instance and evaluate them in a rigorous way. We ought to find what works and defund what doesn't work.
Implementing a $15 minimum wage nationally could have disastrous effects, but we really don't know what would happen. Instead of taking that risk though, we can use states and towns as labyrinths to test the idea to find out if it is effective.
That's why it's great to see this ballot measure pass. It will provide us with ample evidence for larger policy decisions.
The same can be said of Switzerland's referendum for an unconditional basic income. There are strong arguments on either side for whether this will work or not. Ultimately, we don't have enough evidence to know for sure. Implementing it in the United States would be incredibly risky as it's not just a major policy change, but also an untested one.
This is why Megan McArdle, who opposes a universal basic income, said, "Overall, I'd really like to see Switzerland pass this, if only so we can observe the effects."
The United States cannot simply implement radical policy ideas without numerous other towns, states or countries trying them first. But that doesn't mean those radical policies wouldn't be successful in the U.S. It just means that we need other people to test them first - including other communities in the United States. That's exactly what the region near the Seattle Tacoma International Airport is doing. We should be thankful for it.
ADVERTISEMENT
Since Barack Obama was inaugurated in 2009, the federal deficit has fallen dramatically. It has dropped as a percentage of the economy:
(The White House, via The National Memo)
And it has also fallen in absolute terms.
In fact, the deficit reduction has been so steep that some economists believe that it has been excessive.
But according to polling, most people are entirely unaware of this trend. Recent polling by Pew suggests just 29 percent of Americans believe the deficit was reduced in the last year, including just 12 percent of Republicans.
To put this in context, fewer Republicans believe that the deficit is shrinking than believe in evolution (43 percent) or human-made climate change (24 percent).
And it's not just Republicans who are unaware that the deficit is falling. Just 50 percent of Democrats and 23 percent of Independents believe the deficit is coming down.
So, what's going on here?
I would guess that it's a combination of two things. First of all, economists, politicians, and pundits are failing to communicate the facts to the public, or deliberately misleading voters. It is easy for reality to get lost in spin and manufactured narratives.
Second — and more importantly — large numbers of people may be confusing the deficit with the national debt. This is actually pretty easy to do.
The deficit (or, if the number is positive, the surplus) is the amount of change in the national debt in one year caused by the difference between spending and tax receipts. The national debt itself is the total stock of debt owed by the federal government. Even though the deficit has decreased dramatically, the national debt itself is still increasing in absolute terms, and has only just begun to fall as a percentage of the economy.
This confusion needs clearing up. While a deficit can be seen as a barometer of administration policy, the debt reflects longer-term trends in government spending and policy. George W. Bush, for example, exploded the deficit by cutting an array of taxes, and taking the nation to war in Afghanistan and Iraq. However, longer-term factors such as health care costs also contributed — the same factors that are enlarging the debt under President Obama.
While Obama has succeeded in winding down the U.S. military's two biggest foreign entanglements and rolling back tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans — thus lowering the deficit — it remains to be seen whether the Affordable Care Act will fulfill its goal of reducing health care costs.
Furthermore, the main economic drawback of a growing debt — interest payments eating up a greater share of tax revenue — is not a great concern right now, as interest rates remain so low and borrowing remains cheap. Indeed, many economists like Paul Krugman and Ben Bernanke say the U.S. should be growing deficits right now, to provide further stimulus to the economy and to put idle resources to work to bring down unemployment.
In any case, the facts on the deficit contradict the widely held notion that the Obama administration is crazily out of control when it comes to the nation's finances. In order to have a rational discussion about the economy, government programs, and the level of government spending, voters need to have a better idea of what the deficit actually is.
For decades, schools for ethnic Koreans living in Japan have been divided along pro-Pyongyang or pro-Seoul lines, with their curricula reflecting the differing political ideologies in North and South Korea.
In 2008, however, a new type of school opened in Osaka in response to Korean residents' desire for an education that, while emphasizing their roots in the Korean Peninsula, is not restricted by differences across the 38th parallel.
Most of the 86 students from the seventh to 12th grades at Korea International School in Ibaraki, Osaka Prefecture, are Koreans living in Japan. But there are also Japanese students and people who have returned after stints abroad.
Nowadays, 4 in every 5 Koreans in Japan are believed to have at least one parent with Japanese nationality, unlike previous decades. Many citizens of Korean descent also have assumed successful roles in academia, business and other circles in Japanese society.
As a result, there has been growing frustration and dissatisfaction that the education offered at Korean schools simply imitates that of the “home” country — that is, North or South Korea, depending on the school's affiliation — according to Om Chang Joon, vice principal at Korea International School.
Established in response to such frustrations, the new school in Osaka has adopted a curriculum based on Japanese educational guidelines, with the majority of classes taught in Japanese. It also has classes on Korean language and history, and attempts to cover the peninsula as a whole.
In one recent eighth-grade history class, Om taught about agriculture during the Korean dynasties. They also teach their students about post-Korean War issues on the peninsula and encourages them to discuss potential ways to resolve the conflicts in class.
“It was inevitable for North Korea, being at war with the United States, the superpower, to attempt to strengthen its rule,” said Om, who was born and raised in Seoul. “Even South Korea was in a similar situation prior to democratization.”
Cho Ri Sa, a 17-year-old student who was born in Higashiosaka, Osaka Prefecture, recalled that one pro-Pyongyang Korean school they used to attend used textbooks published by an affiliate of the pro-North General Association of Korean Residents in Japan. It also used footage in class that emphasized the prosperity of North Korean society.
“Here (at Korea International School) it's easy to learn as we look at things from various angles,” they said. “It also makes us think for ourselves.”
The school also makes an effort to address issues involving diplomatic clashes or differences of opinion, instead of avoiding them. When taking up the territorial dispute over the tiny islets known as Takeshima in Japan and Dokdo in South Korea, Om and a Japanese teacher engaged in a three-hour debate in front of the students, defending both the Japanese and Korean sovereignty claims.
“Living in Japan, our students will undoubtedly be asked to give their opinions regarding territorial and historical issues” between Japanese and the Koreans, said Om. “We must make sure to avoid the case in which they end up in a disadvantaged position simply because they've never had the experience to think about these issues.”
Many graduates from the school continue their education in Japan, South Korea, or even at universities in the U.K. and other countries.
Song Oh, the school's director general, has been involved since its planning stages. They said their dream is to “nurture future leaders of an East Asian community.”
But challenges remain. While the school has deepened its ties with South Korean educational institutions and flies both the Hinomaru and South Korea's Taegukgi flags at its campus entrance, it maintains no exchanges with North Korea, given the significant differences in their educational systems, school officials said.
The school has also yet to develop a solid financial footing.
“We're up and running thanks to the support of those who see this as an interesting approach and believe in our ambition,” Song said.
The students appear undeterred, and while the school's unique approach is unprecedented in Japan, they seem to believe that the education there helps deepen their self-identity.
The students even react coolly to anti-Korean movements in Japan, most notably hate speeches directed against Korean residents recently by right-wing activists.
“Have fun,” said Kang Dae Uk, an 11th-grade student at the school.
BEIJING — It seemed innocuous enough on the surface: The smooth-jazz musician Kenny G paid a surprise visit to a Hong Kong protest site on Wednesday, posing for photos with residents who are demanding the right to free elections.
They shared on Twitter the news that they were at the demonstration, along with a smiling photo showing a protest banner in the background.
But little is that simple here.
Kenny G is an icon in China, and their visit stirred up controversy and conspiracy theories on both sides of the political divide.
In one of the more inexplicable mysteries of Chinese culture, their 1989 saxophone ballad “Going Home” has for decades oozed from speakers across Chinese public spaces at closing time, setting off rapid exits by the masses. The song has no lyrics, yet somehow, when it is played in a mall, Chinese shoppers know what to do. They go home.
Billionaire tech entrepreneur and adviser to President Trump, Peter Thiel, declared globalization to be over on Tuesday, claiming it's “so 2005, it feels so dated.”
“I'm naturally inclined to think of it in those terms,” said Thiel on the topic of how Trump's victory showed the American people's dissatisfaction with globalization. “There's something around globalization that's not been working that well.”
“The internet was designed to survive a nuclear war, but even so, I think there are a lot of regulatory challenges that Silicon Valley will be facing from Western Europe and elsewhere in the years ahead,” they continued. “There's a technological determinism story you can tell where this is the future and China will eventually buckle under and cave and eventually adopt all of these things. But then you might wonder, maybe this doesn't happen at all, and maybe it's possible for the internet to actually fragment and not to have this historical necessity to it.”
According to CNBC, Thiel added that “No one in their right mind would start an organization with the word ‘global' in its title today,” before claiming “That's so 2005, it feels so dated.”
“A decade ago, this was a group of people who were running the world, and now, it's just a group of people who messed up the world,” concluded Thiel. “I'm not sure this is a good thing, but it is a fact that maybe politics is becoming more important, it's becoming more intense, the range of outcomes is becoming greater, and that we're in a world in which there's a bull market in politics that's getting started.”
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow them on Twitter @MrNashington or like their page at Facebook.
TORONTO – Zdeno Chara doesn't deserve your hate, Toronto.
And yet it keeps coming in loud, spiteful waves.
Every time Team Europe's 6-foot-9 behemoth touched the puck during Tuesday night's loss to Team Canada in Game 1 of the World Cup final, boos rang through the Air Canada Centre.
The gentle giant heard you, Toronto, but he's confused about why he's such a target.
“To be honest with you, I don't know why it is,” the defenceman said Wednesday. “Obviously I can't control the fans. Sometimes I just don't understand. Sometimes I feel they boo because they feel they need to boo someone. Honestly, I don't care. Doesn't bother me.”
Hearing the boos at the game, a baffled friend of mine and I had the following text exchange:
A portion of Toronto Maple Leafs fans, of course, are still bitter over the Boston Bruins' incredible Game 7 comeback in the first round of the 2013 playoffs, when Chara's Bruins rallied from a 4-1 deficit to crush a city's hopes 5-4 in overtime.
Sure, Chara had an assist in that memorable stunner, but Team Canada's Brad Marchand helped set up the winner, and Canada's Patrice Bergeron potted both the tying and winning goals on May 13, 2013, enjoying a three-point night. They get cheers.
“If it's because of the Boston game, we have a few other guys in Boston [playing here],” Chara said. “I have no idea. It doesn't bother me. I'm trying to focus on the game, trying to do my best.”
Jeering the 39-year-old Stanley Cup champion has become commonplace in the World Cup.
“Everywhere we went, starting in the pre-tournament [games in Montreal and Quebec], they got booed everywhere,” Europe teammate Christian Ehrhoff said. “I kind of feel for him.”
That Chara also patrolled the Ottawa Senators' blue line for four seasons may add to the vitriol.
The irony is, anyone who spends time with Chara the human knows he's the least deserving of your anger.
“He's definitely been a tower in more ways than their physical presence. It's the man inside of that tower that is really amazing to work with,” says Europe coach Ralph Krueger.
“He's quite calm in the team environment and moves quietly. He's just so respectful of everybody they come in contact with. The guy serving them coffee today will feel every bit as respected as their teammates. And I think that's Zdeno Chara.”
Sounds like a jerk. Let's boo him.
View Photos ROBERT KERIAN, THE MANUFACTURERS
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
ROBERT KERIAN, THE MANUFACTURERS
From two brands, a single vehicle emerges: an affordable, basic, rear-wheel-drive Japanese sports car. Twenty years ago, this sort of vehicle was commonplace. Japanese carmakers had been giving us inexpensive, ­reliable, rear-drive sports-car catnip since the 1970 Datsun 240Z. After effectively killing off their Italian and British inspiration in the U.S., though, the Japanese were left to battle themselves.
The 1980s and '90s became a technological . . . well, let's just call it “urinary Olympics.” First came turbochargers and intercoolers, then four-wheel steering, four-wheel drive, electronic shocks, adjustable aerodynamics, and variable exhaust systems. Tires and wheels got bigger, suspensions stiffer, wings more absurdly wingy. Weight, horsepower, and prices skyrocketed as swiftly as sales plummeted. With the exception of the Mazda Miata and the Honda S2000, simple, affordable Japanese sports cars peacocked themselves into extinction.
The Subaru BRZ and Scion FR-S—which go on sale in the U.S. this spring for about $26,000—mark a return to the Japanese sports car's roots. As with any good idea, everyone wants the credit. Toyota claims that the whole thing came from the top, that Akio Toyoda surveyed their showrooms and said, “Where's the passion? I want to build a sports car.” Subaru says that it approached Toyota, basically asking the larger firm to underwrite its project.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
View Photos ROBERT KERIAN, THE MANUFACTURERS
Both agree on who handled what tasks once development got under way. Subaru did the engineering and development of the chassis and powertrain, and Toyota handled the design. Subaru's fingerprints are everywhere—most obviously on the 2.0-liter flat-four, code-named FA. In case the layout isn't enough of a giveaway, there's a “Subaru” label on the intake manifold. ­Toyota's contribution underhood is its D-4S combination port- and direct-fuel-injection system. More Subaru markers are hidden away beneath the car, on the inside of the fenders, and on the muffler.
ROBERT KERIAN, THE MANUFACTURERS
Powertrain
More than Toyota's injection system separates this engine from Subaru's other flat-fours. The FA is radically different from the 2.0-liter FB found in the new Impreza—a Subaru spokesperson tells us the two share “maybe a few screws.” The FA is more compact and slightly lighter. Compared with the FB in the Impreza, its oil pan is shallower and its intake manifold lower, allowing the FA to be mounted with its crankshaft 2.4 inches closer to terra firma. It sits 9.4 inches farther rearward than the FB, too, although there's still a sizable gap between the back of the engine and the fire wall. It's rare to see open space beneath the hood of a modern car; in the BRZ and FR-S, you can look down on the top of the transmission. A transaxle would have allowed the engine to cozy up to the passenger compartment a bit more—and would have shifted the 54/46 front/rear weight balance a bit aft—but transaxles are more expensive than separate transmissions and axles. The good news is that some of the extra underhood space should be filled by a turbocharger and intercooler within a few years.
But—and it pains us to say this—it's debatable whether the FR-S and BRZ need more power. The FA feels perfectly attuned to this car's spirit. With an eye-popping 12.5:1 compression ratio and a 7400-rpm redline, the 2.0-liter FA makes 200 horsepower at 7000 rpm and 151 pound-feet of torque at 6600—as well as a tremendous amount of noise. Above 5000 rpm, it's loud enough that you have to scream to converse. It isn't the most seductive thing this side of a Ferrari V-12, but the 2.0 sounds and feels like an engine with a purpose. It pulls forcefully throughout the power band, and we figure it should take six seconds to get to 60.
Two six-speed transmissions are available, a manual and an automatic. Following drives of each model in Japan, the manual had us seeking a temple at which we might offer thanks. The clutch pedal is a touch light but snaps to attention right off the floor and engages smoothly. The stubby shifter snicks its way between the gears. Heretics who spec the automatic get paddle shifters and rev-matched downshifts without the ego gratification.
Just in the last few weeks, the Obama administration has proposed or imposed over 1,200 new regulations on the American people that will add even more to the already crushing $2 trillion per year cost burden of the federal regulatory machine. According to data compiled from the federal government's Regulations.gov website by the Daily Caller, most of the new regulatory schemes involve energy and the environment — 139 during a mere two-week period in December, to be precise. In all, the Obama administration foisted more than 75,000 pages of regulations on the United States in 2014, costing over $200 billion, on the low end, if new proposed rules are taken into account.
Just one of those “rules” by the out-of-control Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the so-called “coal ash” regulation, is expected to cost as much as $20 billion, estimates suggest. Another oncoming rule, which experts and analysts say is likely to be the most expensive federal regulation in all of U.S. history, could wreak havoc across the nation and crush the economy to the point that economic growth halts completely, experts said. Even Christmas lights, though, are now in the administration's regulatory crosshairs, along with virtually everything else.
While the insatiable Obama White House “pen and phone” machine has been spewing costly and draconian regulatory edicts at a fast and furious pace since taking power six years ago, it seems that the Holiday season has featured an even larger than usual number of wild decrees. Late last month, for example, as Americans were occupied with Thanksgiving, the Obama administration emitted what has been widely decried as the most costly single regulation in American history.
The so-called “ozone rule,” which estimates suggest could cost as much as $270 billion per year and put millions of American jobs at risk under the guise of further regulating emissions of the natural gas, was formally put forward the day before Thanksgiving. Lawmakers decried the timing of the massive regulation, suggesting the scheme was released during the holidays so “stupid voters” — as ObamaCare's architect infamously described the American people — would be distracted with other matters.
Experts also pointed out that the EPA's own 2007 studies showed no adverse health effects from exposure to even high levels of ozone. Even people suffering from asthma experienced no adverse effects from high levels of ozone, the EPA itself found. More than a few experts have disputed the notion that ozone causes any harm at all — but that has not stopped the EPA from imposing the regulation under the guise of “protecting health.”
“Bringing ozone pollution standards in line with the latest science will clean up our air, improve access to crucial air quality information, and protect those most at-risk,” claimed scandal-plagued EPA boss Gina McCarthy in a statement celebrating the latest proposed decree. “It empowers the American people with updated air quality information to protect our loved ones — because whether we work or play outdoors — we deserve to know the air we breathe is safe.”
Air concentration of ozone gas, which largely occurs naturally, has been plummeting across the United States in recent decades even without the EPA's “most expensive” regulation in history. According to the American Action Forum, which analyzes the impact of regulations, the ozone standards are so extreme that 100 state and national parks could be in danger of violating them — despite the fact that they have virtually no traffic or manufacturing bases. Ironically, the EPA claims an array of other recent EPA regulations could “help” states satisfy the new federal ozone decrees.
American industries, meanwhile, warned that the consequences of the “ozone” regulation on the fragile U.S. economy could be devastating. “This new ozone regulation threatens to be the most expensive ever imposed on industry in America and could jeopardize recent progress in manufacturing by placing massive new costs on manufacturers and closing off counties and states to new business by blocking projects at the permitting stage,” explained Jay Timmons, president of the National Association of Manufacturers.
In an analysis posted on the NAM website, the association included a map showing that, depending on how extreme the final ozone standard was, virtually all of the United States could be out of compliance with the EPA mandates. “With nearly all of the country in nonattainment, U.S. manufacturing growth would come to a standstill; our domestic energy boom could go bust; and existing plants would be required to install additional expensive equipment,” the organization said, citing EPA data.
According to a study released by NAM earlier this year, federal regulations imposed on the United States were costing the American people more than $2 trillion every year by 2012, the most recent year for which data is available. And the cost is growing quickly. In 2014 alone thus far, the Obama administration has imposed regulations that will cost the American people over $200 billion in addition to the pre-existing $2 trillion burden, according to low-end estimates by the American Action Forum. That does not include the cost of numerous “executive” decrees and assumes, contrary to findings presented in the NAM-commissioned study, that the cost of the "ozone" rule will be relatively small.
Another major regulation imposed by the Obama administration in recent weeks surrounds the so-called “coal ash” rule regulating waste produced by electricity generation. The new scheme, finalized shortly before Christmas, could cost over $20 billion. Senator James Inhofe (R-Okla.), presumably the next chairperson of the Senate Environment Committee, blasted the plot as “a continuation of the president's war on fossil fuels.” Among other concerns, they said the new regulations would “make states and utility companies vulnerable to new regulatory costs and expensive litigation.”
Other costly regulations in the pipeline include the Obama EPA's radical bid to severely curtail emissions of CO2. The natural gas, which makes up a fraction of one percent of all the “greenhouse” gases present naturally in the atmosphere, is exhaled by humans and is described by scientists as the “gas of life.” Still, the White House and the United Nations continue their outlandish campaign to demonize the essential molecule as “pollution,” even threating to shackle humanity to a draconian global CO2 regime under the guise of stopping “global warming.”
Next year, meanwhile, the Obama administration is plotting to unleash yet another deluge of federal regulations targeting everything from fracking to power plants. State governments, lawmakers, and citizens have been fighting back, but so far, the White House shows no signs of backing off or even slowing down the pace when it comes to devastating decrees to pummel the economy and the American taxpayer. More “climate” decrees are coming, too, with the White House even threatening to impose a UN carbon regime on America without obtaining Senate ratification.
Separately, as The New American reported this month, the Obama administration's increasingly dangerous and anti-constitutional usurpations of power have been accelerating. Despite White House attempts to dupe the American people by claiming it has imposed fewer “executive orders” than previous presidents, the administration was recently exposed by USA Today concealing most of its unilateral decrees by calling them “presidential memoranda” instead of orders. Obama has issued more than any president in history, doing everything from purporting to change federal law to even attacking the American people's God-given rights using illegitimate executive edicts.
With the sprawling regulatory leviathan growing perpetually more costly and oppressive, critics say the American people's elected representatives and the courts must both take action. “Congress should examine how executive agencies are exceeding key authorities granted to them and both narrow the substantive grants that are most subject to abuse and improve administrative procedures on multi-billion dollar regulations,” wrote attorneys Todd Gaziano and Mark Miller with the pro-liberty Pacific Legal Foundation in a recent Forbes column about the need to regulate what constitutes a regulation. “Until then, the courts must police these two areas, particularly in the rulemaking context.”
While Republican lawmakers have become adept at loudly complaining about the administration's non-stop executive power grabs and regulations on the campaign trail, so far, they have done virtually nothing to stop it. In fact, despite all of the promises to rein in the Obama administration's “imperial” presidency if elected to Congress, victorious Republicans, who already dominated the House of Representatives, recently passed a massive spending bill fully funding virtually every decree the White House has spewed since coming to power through next September.
In other words, GOP lawmakers, sent to Washington by outraged voters in November to stop Obama, gave up their most powerful tool to restrain the administration for almost a full year — before the new members could be seated, and for no good reason. The solution to the growing regulatory lawlessness, though, remains simple: Congress can and should defund the decrees and the unconstitutional agencies behind them before Obama's "fundamental transformation" of America is complete.
Alex Newman is a correspondent for The New American, covering economics, education, politics, and more. Follow them on Twitter @ALEXNEWMAN_JOU. They can be reached at
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Related articles:
Federal Regulations Cost U.S. $2 Trillion Per Year, Study Shows
Obama Hides Executive Abuses by Calling Decrees “Memoranda”
Record Cold as Obama's “Warming” Decrees Endanger Power Grid
Obama Prepares Avalanche of Executive Orders on “Climate”
States Fighting Obama EPA's Global Warming Decrees
Obama Plotting to Bypass Congress on UN Climate Regime
The Tyranny of the Federal Bureaucracy
Federal Regulations Cut Standard of Living by 75 Percent Over 56 Years
Lawmakers Working to Demilitarize Federal Bureaucracies
Cost Estimate of Government Regulations Doesn't Measure the Real Cost
White House Boasts of Obama Power Grabs as Congress Funds Them
Impeachment Support Soars as Voters Say Feds “Out of Control”
Quercus will publish a fourth book in Stieg Larsson's Millennium series, to be written by Swedish author David Lagercrantz, in August 2015.
Larsson's original Swedish publisher Norstedts Förlag announced today (17th December) it had signed a fourth book in the series, with Quercus following suit to say it had world English language rights, acquired from Norstedts and Moggliden, the Stieg Larsson estate in the hands of Larsson's father and brother.
Larsson died in 2004, before they saw their trilogy of novels, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, The Girl Who Played With Fire and The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest, become an international publishing phenomenon.
Lagercrantz is the co-author of I Am Zlatan Ibrahimovic (Penguin), the 2013 autobiography of the Swedish footballer, and has also written fiction, with Quercus describing them as an author who "has in their writing constantly sought out odd characters and complex geniuses".
Norstedts Förlag publishing manager Eva Gedin said in an email reported in Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter: "We are proud and excited to now have signed an agreement with David Lagercrantz who, urged by their agent Magdalena Hedlund, has undertaken the challenging task of providing Blomkvist and Salander a second life, in a fourth standalone part of the Millennium series."
Lagercrantz said: "I'm running and writing and it's insanely fun. It's an amazing world to step into."
Publisher Christopher MacLehose of Quercus imprint MacLehose Press said: "In one sense the chance to publish a new novel in the Millennium series merely underlines the sorrow of every one of their readers that Stieg Larsson could not have gone on to complete their planned 10-book oeuvre. But—and it is now almost a new and certainly fabled genre—the sequel by another hand has been long anticipated and David Lagercrantz will keep a very great storyteller's flame alive. MacLehose Press are delighted to help them do that."
Mark Smith, Quercus chief executive, said: "We are thrilled to be working with Norstedts and the Stieg Larsson estate to bring the fourth book in the Millennium series to Larsson's millions of English-speaking fans. David Lagercrantz is a critically acclaimed author and we look forward to seeing where they take Stieg Larsson's much loved characters."
The Millennium trilogy follows computer hacker Lisbeth Salander and investigative journalist Mikael Blomkvist. The books were made into a series of Swedish films starring Noomi Rapace, before David Fincher directed an English-language version of The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, starring Daniel Craig and Rooney Mara.
Norstedts Förlag said the books had sold more than 73m copies around the world.
Larsson's partner Eva Gabrielsson said in 2011 that Larsson had been working on a fourth novel at the time of their death, and had written "about 200 pages" but in a form that "probably doesn't hang together". Gabrielsson was locked in a legal battle over Larsson's estate, due to the fact that the couple were not married. Under Swedish law, the writer's estate passed to their estranged father and brother. They were offered a seat on the board that controls the estate, but declined the offer in 2009.
The Nationals have placed catcher Derek Norris on waivers, reports FanRag's Jon Heyman. If no one claims Norris, the likelihood is the Nationals will release him, per Heyman. While Norris is slated to make $4.2MM this year, the Nationals will only be responsible for 30 days' termination pay (~$700K) if they cut him.
Norris has had two stints with the Nationals, who selected them in the fourth round of the 2007 draft, but hasn't been able to crack their big league roster. The Nationals traded Norris, then a prospect, to the Athletics in 2011 in a deal for left-hander Gio Gonzalez. Washington subsequently re-acquired Norris this past December from the Padres in a move that saw the Nationals send right-hander Pedro Avila to San Diego.
After the Nats reunited with Norris, the assumption was he'd end up as their starting backstop this year. But rumors that they'd sign free agent Matt Wieters persisted throughout the offseason, and that possibility came to fruition when the Nationals inked the longtime Oriole to a two-year, $21MM guarantee (with an opt-out after 2017) in late February. As a result, Washington has tried to trade Norris, who took its acquisition of Wieters in stride.
“It doesn't change much for me other than the fact that it may or may not be the teammates I'll be playing with,” said Norris. “So on my end it's control what I can control. Go out there and play my games and get ready for a season.”
Considering no one has swung a deal for Norris, it's clear their salary has been prohibitive on the heels of a disastrous 2016 season. In their second and final year in San Diego, Norris posted an ugly .186/.255/.328 line with a career-worst 30.3 percent strikeout rate in 458 plate appearances. Historically, though, Norris has fared respectably. Between their 2012 debut and 2015, they slashed an above-average .246/.336/.392 in 982 PAs with the A's and Padres. The 28-year-old is also coming off their second straight season in which both Baseball Prospectus and StatCorner assigned them plus pitch-framing marks. It stands to reason, then, that teams looking to make improvements behind the plate before Opening Day will court Norris if they reach free agency.
With Norris in the Nats' rearview mirror, they'll enter the season with Wieters and Jose Lobaton as their backstops. They also have Triple-A prospect Pedro Severino, whose name has come up in trade rumors.
Tiny creatures are just so very cute! When a baby (or full grown) animal is capable of fitting in the palm of your hand, the cuteness is just too much to handle! Even animals not necessarily known for being “cute,” like a puffer fish, can suddenly look uber adorable when small enough to cradle in your hands.
Each adorable animal on this list of palms overflowing with cuteness is sure to make your day that much brighter, and perhaps inspire you to stop by your local pet store or animal shelter after work… 😉
1. Baby Koala Bear
Photo Credit: imgur
2. Baby Hedgehog
Photo Credit: Ran
3. Baby Otter
Photo Credit: imgur
4. Baby Skunk
There's nothing stinky about this adorable baby skunk!
Photo Credit: imgur
5. Baby Fox
Photo Credit: imgur
6. Baby Tortoise
Photo Credit: imgur
7. Baby Deer
Two palms full of cuteness… oh my!!!
Photo Credit: imgur
8. Baby Opossum
Photo Credit: imgur
9. Baby Mouse
Photo Credit: Jan T
10. Baby Rabbit
Photo Credit: imgur
This might be one of the world's tinniest rabbits, check out the world's biggest bunny here.
11. Tiny Baby Hamster
Smaller than the palm of your hand!!
Photo Credit: reddit
12. Baby Tasmanian Devil
Photo Credit: imgur
13. Baby Chipmunk
Photo Credit: imgur
14. Baby Owl
Photo Credit: cutestpaw.com
15. Pygmy Possum
Photo Credit: cutestpaw.com
16. Bowl Of Cuteness, Fluffy White Puppy
Photo Credit: hapatxn
17. Biddy The Waving Hedgehog
This is Biddy, a rather popular hedgehog known for their extensive travels. Learn more about Biddy the Traveling Hedgehog!
Photo Credit: biddythehedgehog
18. Baby Puff Fish
Photo Credit: unknown
19. Baby Octopus
Photo Credit: imgur
20. Armadillo Girdled Lizard
Photo Credit: imgur
21. Growing Baby Fox
Quickly outgrowing palms, not even close to outgrowing cuteness.
Photo Credit: PreyingLions
22. Black Lemur Baby
Photo Credit: Nargiss S
23. Sleepy Kitten
Photo Credit: guatemalathroughmyeyes.wordpress.com
24. Another Baby Fox
Baby foxes are just too cute… check out those ears! Judging by the ears, this looks like a fennec fox.
Photo Credit: imgur
25. Baby Rat
Photo Credit: imgur
26. Pomeranian Puppy
Photo Credit: unknown
27. Piglet
Photo Credit: cutestpaw.com
28. Baby Rail Bird
Photo Credit: imgur
29. Baby Owl
Photo Credit: cutestpaw.com
30. Baby Bat
Learn more about the adorable baby bats rescued at the Australian Bat Clinic.
Photo Credit: Australian Bat Clinic
31. Dog In Palm
This pup proves you don't have to be all that small to qualify as a palm full of cuteness! 😉
Photo Credit: imgur
(h/t: Bored Panda)
WASHINGTON — President Trump signed a one-week stopgap spending bill Friday night, averting a government shutdown for one more week.
The majority of Democrats and Republicans in Congress passed the spending bill earlier in the day, giving lawmakers until next Friday at midnight to hammer out a spending deal for the rest of the fiscal year.
The Senate quickly approved the House's continuing resolution — or “CR” in Washington-speak. The CR passed the House 373 to 30. Trump signed the bill in private.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said “progress” had been made between the parties on the deal as lawmakers stayed up past midnight negotiating.
“Not all the poison pill riders have been eliminated,” Schumer said. “We're willing to extend things for a little time in hopes that the same kind of progress will be made.”
“The legislation…will carry us through next week, so that a bipartisan final agreement can be reached and so that members will have time to review that legislation before we take it up,” Sen. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said in a statement.
Democrats have objected to riders to the spending bill cutting funding for health care, environmental programs and the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico. Republicans already backed down from the president's demand that the spending bill include money for a border wall, and the White House assured Democrats it would continue to fund a key part of Obamacare. Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.V., also said the final spending bill will include a “permanent fix” for a government program funding healthcare for retired miners.
In the House, Democrats also objected to Republicans passing a repeal of Obamacare using the same rule, or procedure, that they used for the spending bill. But Republicans backed off that too, with House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., announcing Thursday night that there would be no vote on health care this week.
Democrats entered negotiations with significant leverage, since Republicans need their votes for a spending bill to advance in the Senate and they believed the GOP would take the blame for a shutdown.
Democratic leadership seemed to celebrate Republicans' failure to advance bills on healthcare and tax reform, as well as Trump's failure to fund a border wall, which they said Trump was trying to rush through in order to point to concrete accomplishments before they reached 100 days in office on Saturday.
“I simply say, how many more times do they have to fail before they realize our path is the best path?” Schumer told reporters Friday morning.
Read more from Yahoo News:
Humans have long been fascinated by the concept of immortality. Our most enduring myths recount the search for fountains, elixirs, holy grails, and other elusive means thought to confer of the gift of eternal life.
It has always been the stuff of legend. Then, in the summer of ‘88, a German marine biology student named Christian Sommer discovered something curious about a little-known species of jellyfish: ‘Turritopsis' had evolved to self-regenerate—and thereby gained eternal life.
A Fate Better Than Death
Sommer was conducting research in the Italian Riviera on hydrozoans, tiny ocean-dwelling invertebrates known to change their appearance at different developmental stages. One day, they swept up a very rare species of hydrozoan in their plankton net—the Turritopsis dohrnii, affectionately known today as the “immortal jellyfish.”
Sommer transported the cute little hydroid to their lab for observation. There, what they observed didn't make any sense. The petite organism seemed to be aging in reverse, growing younger by the day until, finally, it was ‘reborn' and grew up all over again. Though Sommer didn't really understand what they were seeing, a handful of Italian scientists caught wind of the discovery. Intrigued, they took up its investigation.
Polyp Jello
By 1996, the Italians had worked out a summary description of what was going on. They informed the scientific community that Turritopsis had the extraordinary ability to revert to polyp-hood at any stage of its development, as needed. Apparently, this meant the creature didn't have to die. Instead of aging, it simply rejuvenated itself, re-setting its biological clock and starting fresh.
Other jellyfish species tend to perish after the adult medusa spawns eggs or sperm in the name of the next generation. Turritopsis, however, cheats death and linear time through a remarkably simple process.
First, it goes limp and allows itself to sink to the seafloor. There, it curls up into a ball and begins to re-absorb itself, eventually breaking down into what appears to be a jellyfish jello mould, which scientists call a “polyp colony.” After a few days, the pile of jellyfish gradually grows an outer shell. Then it sprouts “stolons”—elongated shoots destined to become a new polyp, which will in turn re-grow and rejuvenate itself over another life cycle.
Discovery of Nuclear Reprogramming
This new spin on metamorphosis, dubbed “transdifferentiation,” didn't initially make headlines outside scientific circles, despite suggesting the possibility of learning the formula for eternal life. The alchemistic invertebrate might have earned the limelight right away if the mechanisms of its anti-aging formula were at all understood. But for years, there were only endless questions without any good answers. Only in the last decade has progress been made in our understanding of this species' mystifying longevity.
Today, we know the immortal jellyfish depends on a process known as cell reprogramming. Most of what we know about it comes from stem cell research—especially the work of Shinya Yamanaka and Sir John Gurdon, whose unearthing of transdifferentiating nuclei earned them the 2012 Nobel Prize in Medicine.
Bonus Facts To Arouse Your Curiosity
Invasion of the Immortal JelliesKnowing how the immortal jellyfish bypasses mortality helps explain how it has taken over the world's oceans. The Caribbean-born waif, never more than a fifth-of-an-inch wide or tall, can evidently survive and thrive in a variety of environments partly due to its seemingly magical self-reproductive talents. It's not clear how long the global “invasion” of these spineless immortals will persist, but Turritopsis seems well-equipped to proliferate without limits for the foreseeable future.
Making Sheep's Eyes
Sir John Gurdon was a key figure in the biological cloning movement, which ultimately led to Dolly—the famed sheep whose successful genetic replication in the 1990s launched a colorful and irate public discussion on the ethics of cloning biotechnology.
Hope Springs Eternal
Gurdon's cutting-edge research help to prove that the nucleus inside of a mature cell can be modified to generate an embryonic cell without any loss of the crucial data needed to develop organisms. That's exactly how Turritopsis reconstitutes itself for self-posterity. Stay tuned for research developments in the years to come. Progress in the emerging science of regenerative medicine is sure to reveal whether the immortal jelly can help solve any of the perennial puzzles of human healing.
Johnny Depp: 'Public Enemies' Results in $116,000 Road Collapse
The film Public Enemies, starringas famed bank robber John Dillinger, was filmed on location in Columbus, Wisconsin in March of this year, some 25 miles from the city of Madison and 75 miles from Milwaukee. The city, population 4500, agreed to divert traffic to facilitate filming and the county road that served as the detour collapsed under the added load of traffic. The resulting repairs are more than chump change at $116,000 and remain a bone of contention.
The film company transformed the Columbus downtown area to resemble what it might have looked like in 1930 for the filming of several scenes including a bank robbery. They also transformed a local Craftsman era mansion into a brothel to shoot an assignation scene between Dillinger and their prostitute girlfriend.
Dodge County, left holding the bag so far for the spendy road repair, has filed a claim against the city of Columbus. Mayor Nancy Osterhaus said that talks are ongoing between city, county and NBC Universal to split the bill.
Public Enemies hits theaters on July 1, 2009. See photos and a movie trailer below.
Share. Marvel's games and comics collide. Marvel's games and comics collide.
Though Marvel's free-to-play RPG, Avengers Alliance, has tied some of its missions to comic books in the past, it has never attempted to integrate its turn-based RPG world into a current, ongoing storyline. Today the publisher has confirmed to IGN that it plans to pull its popular Facebook/mobile game into the upcoming Infinity comic book storyline, a galactic adventure that brings the all-powerful Thanos back to the forefront of Marvel Comics ahead of their cinematic role in upcoming films.
"The Infinity story line centers around Thanos of Titan," said TQ Jefferson, Marvel's Vice President of Game Development. "Thanos, for those of you that don't know, is a galactic pirate, serial killer and self-proclaimed consort of Death itself. In Infinity, Thanos is in search for something, and that quest brings them to Earth and into conflict with every hero our world can muster. Avengers Alliance is aligning with Marvel Publishing by releasing an Infinity-dedicated Spec Op precisely when the Infinity storyline kicks into high gear."
Jefferson pointed to similar Alliance efforts with last year's "X-Men vs. Avengers" comic book event. That integration allowed players to unlock Magik and play through a storyline that loosely resembled what was happening in print while still reflecting Alliance's own particular continuity. With Infinity, Marvel not only plans to introduce new Spec Ops missions involving Thanos and other villains, but a brand-new reward hero and even an entirely new character to the universe.
Of course, with millions of players continuously accepting missions in Avengers Alliance, Marvel stands to actually expose more gamers to comics than the other way around. To this end, the publisher plans to offer qualifying players a free digital comic book when they complete the Infinity mission. "This is a huge step in building stronger ties between Games and Publishing here at Marvel," said Jefferson.
Alliance has existed for just over a year, and has grown immensely since its launch. Seattle-based developer Playdom has more than doubled the number available storyline missions since the game's launch, and plans to introduce another 12 quests in the upcoming "second season," which is due to begin in the near future. Producer Justin Woods also noted the available number of heroes has grown to over 60 in that same timeframe, plus the addition of new villains, PVP options, gameplay features, and more.
Of course, with so much content already added, potential newcomers might wonder if they're already too far behind in the Alliance saga. Woods swears that isn't the case. "If you haven't played Marvel: Avengers Alliance yet, now is a great time to start," Woods said. "Season 2 has a brand-new story with no prior knowledge of past events necessary to enjoy it -- but of course you can always go back and play Season 1."
Avengers Alliance can be found on Facebook at facebook.com/avengersalliance. The game is also available through Apple's Appstore, though the iOS and Facebook versions of the game currently don't share data. The game is free - if you're a Marvel fan, it can't hurt to jump in and check it out. Marvel Comics' Infinity event, written by Jonathan Hickman and drawn by an all-star team of Jimmy Cheung, Jerome Opena and Dustin Weaver, launches its first issue on August 14.
Rich was raised on Marvel Comics, and has been reading the adventures of X-Men and Spider-Man for over 20 years. Chat with them about everything going on in the Marvel Universe by following and harassing them on Twitter @RichIGN.
Fact-Checking That “Trump & Putin” Thing
Jeffrey Carr Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 24, 2016
Josh Marshall asked me to substantiate my criticism on Twitter of their use of facts in their TalkingPointsMemo.com article “Trump & Putin. Yes, It's Really A Thing”.
As background, Josh published the above mentioned post. Mark Cuban called them out for jumping to conclusions. Josh replied that they stuck narrowly to the facts. I disagreed w/ Josh and gave a few reasons why. Josh asked me for specifics.
What follows are seven statements from the TPM article which Josh has claimed are facts. They only got two out of seven correct.
“All the other discussions of Trump's finances aside, their debt load has grown dramatically over the last year, from $350 million to $630 million. This is in just one year while their liquid assets have also decreased. Trump has been blackballed by all major US banks.”
The increase in Trump's debt load came from a Bloomberg estimate. An estimate is what's done when accurate data isn't available. So while Josh accurately quoted an estimate (not a fact), it's also important to note that the Trump Organization disputed it according to Bloomberg. Josh failed to note that.
There's no evidence that Trump has been blackballed. There is evidence that some big U.S. banks don't want to work with him, but Deutsche Bank has lent them $300 million since 2012.
“Post-bankruptcy Trump has been highly reliant on money from Russia, most of which has over the years become increasingly concentrated among oligarchs and sub-garchs close to Vladimir Putin.”
As a luxury real estate developer, Trump sells to Russian and Chinese ultra-high net worth individuals because that's who has been buying expensive real estate. In 2014, however, Russian investment money started drying up and Chinese investors filled the void.
One example of this is the Trump Soho development in Manhattan, one of Trump's largest recent endeavors. The project was the hit with a series of lawsuits in response to some typically Trumpian efforts to defraud investors by making fraudulent claims about the financial health of the project. Emerging out of that litigation however was news about secret financing for the project from Russia and Kazakhstan.
Here's a fact that Josh got right — Trump will take money from anyone including Russian criminals.
Then there's Paul Manafort, Trump's nominal ‘campaign chair' who now functions as campaign manager and top advisor. Manafort spent most of the last decade as top campaign and communications advisor for Viktor Yanukovych, the pro-Russian Ukrainian Prime Minister and then President whose ouster in 2014 led to the on-going crisis and proxy war in Ukraine. Yanukovych was and remains a close Putin ally. Manafort is running Trump's campaign.
Paul Manafort‘s DC lobbying firm has taken so much money from so many despots, dictators, and human rights abusers ($900,000/yr from Ferdinand Marcos alone) that it's been named as a top five firm in The Torturer's Lobby (.pdf). They were paid $700,000 in an ISI operation (Pakistan's Intelligence service) during the 90's. And yes, Manafort was one of many political campaign advisors to deposed Ukrainian Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych from 2004–2010, and made at least $63,750 during a six-month period.
Trump's foreign policy advisor on Russia and Europe is Carter Page, a man whose entire professional career has revolved around investments in Russia and who has deep and continuing financial and employment ties to Gazprom…. Those ties also allow Putin to put Page out of business at any time.
Josh focused exclusively on Page's relatively brief tenure advising Gazprom and completely excluded their connection with Ukraine's billionaire philanthropist Victor Pinchuk. It was their friendship with Pinchuk that got them the Merrill Lynch appointment to Moscow in the first place. Why exclude it? Because unlike Gazprom, there's no connection between Pinchuk and Putin that Josh could exploit.
Josh's claim that “Those ties allow Putin to put Page out of business at any time” is a mystery to me because Page left Gazprom in 2007 and has made very little money from Russia ever since; especially after sanctions hit in 2014.
Over the course of the last year, Putin has aligned all Russian state controlled media behind Trump.
The article Josh used to source that “fact” only mentioned RT (Russia Today). This editorial in the Moscow Times hoped for a Clinton presidency: “The Moscow-Washington relationship promises to remain a rocky one and its management will require a steady hand, which a President Clinton is more likely to provide than a President Rubio, or, God forbid, a President Trump.”
And just a few days ago, the Kremlin criticized Trump's statement on NATO and Russia via TASS.
As TPM's Tierney Sneed explained in this article, one of the most enduring dynamics of GOP conventions (there's a comparable dynamic on the Dem side) is more mainstream nominees battling conservative activists over the party platform…. This is one thing that made the Trump convention very different. The Trump Camp was totally indifferent to the platform.
Totally indifferent? Not according to the very same Tierney Sneed article that Josh used as a source. Sneed wrote “the Trump campaign had representatives at the platform meetings who were in communication with the delegates on the committee. They were very much aware of and involved in the process in the sense that they were talking to the delegates, Kobach said.”
But total indifference was what Josh needed in order to make the leap to their “One Big Exception” — Ukraine. Trump wanted to soften the wording on providing military assistance to Ukraine to providing “appropriate assistance”. Standing on its own, that's actually a responsible change which is in agreement with a lot of other policymakers.
CONCLUSION
A fact is defined as a “true piece of information”. How many of Josh's facts were true?
Trump's debt load was a Bloomberg estimate, not a fact.
Trump is highly reliant upon money from Russia. Open to interpretation, not a fact.
Trump Soho took investment money from Russian criminals. Fact.
Trump's campaign manager used to work for Viktor Yanukovych when they were running for Prime Minister of Ukraine. Fact.
Putin could put Carter Page, Trump's foreign policy advisor, out of business at any time. Not only not a fact, but untrue and ridiculous on its face.
Putin has aligned all state-controlled media behind Trump. False.
The Trump Camp only cared about softening the platform on arming Ukraine. False.
For the record, I despise Donald Trump. I can't imagine a worse candidate for President and I'm shocked and appalled that they are the Republican nominee. However, there's no need to invent Russian conspiracies to make the Trump boogeyman appear worse than they are.
A former facility for bodily evacuation may soon be one for bodily ingestion, with proposed plans to turn a long-abandoned Lower East Side bathhouse into a cafe. Community Board 3's Parks & Rec committee discussed plans to turn the Allen Street bathhouse in the pedestrian mall at Delancey Street into some kind of cafe or takeout establishment, reports Bedford and Bowery. The landmarked building, which hasn't been used since the '50s, would need a $4 million renovation to reopen as a bathroom; the cost for refurbishing and renovation for another use has not yet been determind.
The NYC Parks won't issue the RFP until March, so there aren't any vendors lined up yet, but the committee was explicit in two things: the vendor must be reasonably-priced and must offer some kind of healthful products. Still, some are wondering why bother with another food option at all, pointing to businesses like a bike repair or rental shop that would service the community in a different way.
Either way, the meeting was missing the most important question of all: will we be able to pee there now?
The post has been updated to clarify NYC Parks involvement with the project, as well as the figures associated with renovating the building.
On a windswept island in the middle of Tokyo Bay, a small mountain rises above the waves. A few seagulls and crows swoop above the brown reeds as Mount Fuji looms over the horizon. The island seems pastoral enough, but it's totally fake and made out of garbage.
The New Sea Surface Disposal Site is the final resting place for trash churned out by Tokyo's 23 wards. It's crawling with dump trucks and bulldozers packing Tokyo's waste into a carefully layered sandwich 30 meters deep. The island is composed of ash from incinerated trash, pulverized nonburnable trash and processed sewage sludge, along with real soil. Exhaust pipes for methane gas seeping from the garbage underfoot stud the mass, while exposed sedimentary layers reveal plastic scraps and other refuse, some decades old. But these are rare: garbage is mostly invisible here, buried under a top layer of soil, and that's why the sky isn't full of birds like in Alfred Hitchcock's avian thriller of 1963. And as the landfill grows, so does the city: This is the newest face of Tokyo.
A bird's-eye view of the Central Breakwater landfill sites (left, middle) and the New Sea Surface Disposal Site (right). | COURTESY OF THE TOKYO METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT BUREAU OF ENVIRONMENT
Future oasis
The disposal site and adjacent Central Breakwater landfills will become parks in the future. The area is part of a site roughly 1,000 hectares large sprawling southward from Odaiba, the artificial island facing central Tokyo. When it's complete, the western half will be made of soil and will support a terminal for shipping containers. The eastern half, built of garbage, will eventually become green space with leisure facilities. One corner of this oasis of trash that's already nearing completion is Umi no Mori (Groves on the Ocean). It's a rolling park measuring 150 hectares, about the size of an average golf course. Its hilltop lookout is already covered with grass and fringed by pine trees. It offers sweeping views of the city's waterfront and Tokyo Gate Bridge. Umi no Mori is slated to open sometime after the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. Future generations of Tokyoites will sun themselves here by the sea while relaxing on garbage.
“Umi no Mori was created to turn something negative — the garbage from people's everyday lives — into something positive,” says Nami Murakami of the Port of Tokyo's Marine Parks Department. “It will give birth to an area of trees that are planted and cared for by Tokyoites, making a beautiful forest.”
Yesterday's trash
In the Edo Period (1603-1868), before the era of mass production, Japanese people recycled much of what they used. However, things began to change with the rapid industrialization that began in the late 19th century. The first modern regulation on garbage management was the Waste Disposal Law of 1900, and Tokyo's first garbage incinerator was set up in Osaki in 1924. Since 2000, the incinerators in the central capital have been managed by the Clean Authority of Tokyo 23 (CAT23), which was established by Tokyo's 23 central wards.
Landfill construction of the Central Breakwater began in 1973, not long after Tokyo Gov. Ryokichi Minobe declared a “war on garbage” as the metropolis was choking on waste amid the high economic growth of the postwar era. The campaign is credited with raising Tokyoites' awareness of the problem and smoothing opposition to new garbage facilities. Filling in the sea with trash, however, is a longstanding tradition. It goes back at least as far as the No. 8 landfill in Shiomi, Koto Ward, in the 1920s, which was followed by nearby Yumenoshima in the 1950s and Wakasu in the 1960s. As these dumps filled up, large-scale landfill work for both garbage disposal and cargo storage began farther out on Tokyo Bay, between the Tama and Arakawa estuaries.
Incombustible trash is processed at the Chubo Incombustible Waste Processing Center in Tokyo. | TIM HORNYAK
From trash to ash
Turning garbage into land is the end result of an elaborately engineered process that's all the more remarkable considering the city's density. Tokyo lies at the heart of the world's largest metropolitan area: more than 37 million people all told, including the capital's own 13.5 million. And yet Tokyo manages to stay remarkably clean. If not immaculate, the streets are generally tidy and the air is breathable. That's due in large part to how the city handles and burns its garbage.
This happens in three stages: collection; intermediate processing, including incineration and pulverization; and landfills. In 2014, Tokyo's waste totaled 2.7 million tons, down from a record high of 4.9 million in 1989 during the height of the country's asset-inflated bubble economy. Of that 2014 total, about one-eighth ended up in landfills on Tokyo Bay. The rest went up in smoke.
Large blocks of recovered metal sit at the Chubo Incombustible Waste Processing Center in Tokyo. | TIM HORNYAK
The journey of garbage begins with collection. Walk around any neighborhood and you'll soon come across detailed roadside signs with colorful icons and weekly schedules. These govern the disposal of waste, and many visitors to Japan have noted how meticulous the rules can be. In Setagaya Ward, which has a population of about 910,800 people and is the largest of Tokyo's wards, city officials publish a guide to garbage disposal and recycling facilities that's 24 pages long.
Households and businesses separate their trash into burnable items (everything from kitchen scraps to plastic bags, paper and clothing) and nonburnable items (glass, metal, batteries, crockery and electronics) as well as recyclables. Typically, burnable garbage is collected twice a week, nonburnable twice a month and recyclable materials such as PET bottles, glass, newspapers and cardboard once a week; oversized trash and appliances are handled under a separate system.
A load of rubbish: Trash is lifted from a bunker at the Shinagawa Incineration Plant. | TIM HORNYAK
When the garbage trucks are full, they roll to sites such as the Shinagawa Incineration Plant. Opened in March 2006 after extensive refurbishments to what was previously the Oi Incineration Plant, it's a high-tech bonfire for trash. Equipped with two incinerators, the plant mainly handles burnable trash from Shinagawa Ward, with a daily capacity of 600 tons per day — about average for incinerators in the capital. That's about the amount of waste produced by 600,000 people per day, but since the population of Shinagawa is only 392,000, it also handles trash from nearby locations such as Meguro Ward.
To track trash inflows, garbage trucks are weighed when they arrive at the plant. They dump their hauls from a large platform into the refuse bunker, a chasm-like structure, about 70 meters wide, that can hold up to four days' worth of trash. Imagine the “Star Wars” Death Star trash compactor on steroids and you'll get the idea. The stench in the bunker is overwhelming, so a forced draft fan keeps the internal air pressure lower than that outside to prevent it from escaping. Inside the bunker, two large cranes hang from gantries overhead like claws in a giant UFO catcher game. Operated either manually or automatically, the claws stir the accumulated trash to promote even burning. At regular intervals, they grab car-sized clumps and transfer them to a waste hopper leading into the furnaces. The entire operation is monitored around the clock from a central control room with live video feeds of the furnaces, bunker and other parts of the plant.
The control room at the Shinagawa Incineration Plant in Tokyo. | TIM HORNYAK
High-temperature burn
The furnaces are where all the plastic, food scraps, diapers, paper and all the other detritus of our lives goes up in flames. The incinerators have fire grates in the shape of staircases; if large metal objects such as box springs get in here, they can gum up the works and force a shutdown.
All this burning, however, produces byproducts. One is huge volumes of exhaust gas. This has to go through an extensive treatment process to reduce the environmental impact of toxins such as mercury and dioxins. By burning the waste at a high temperature of more than 850 degrees Celsius, the formation of dioxins can be kept in check, according to the plant and environmental experts.
“The Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants requires the use of the best available techniques to reduce the emission of dioxins,” says Eisaku Toda, a researcher with the U.N. Environment Program's Chemicals and Waste Branch. “One of the elements of the best available technology is combustion at high temperature, which is described as 850 to 950 (degrees Celsius) for at least two seconds for municipal waste incinerators. The safety of exhaust gas from incinerators is regulated by national laws in many countries, including Japan.”
As the gas moves through pipes leading away from the incinerator, it is quickly cooled to 150 degrees Celsius to prevent dioxin resynthesis. The bag filter and gas scrubber stages of the treatment process then remove soot, dust, hydrogen chloride and sulfur oxide from the exhaust, which is then released into the air via a smokestack, free of hazardous materials, according to the plant.
“One of the distinguishing features of this plant is that more than half of the plant building is devoted to pollution-control facilities,” says plant manager Hidenori Yokoyama. “We have to protect the environment for people living nearby.”
“The mercury in exhaust gas is constantly monitored in the central control room of the incineration plant and, if it exceeds our limit, which is higher than that set by law, we must stop the incinerator,” says Nobuyoshi Shiratori, an international cooperation official with CAT23, which runs incinerator plants in the capital and posts environmental impact test results on its website. “It's also important to minimize the possibility of generating dioxins by treating the exhaust gas.”
The Ministry of the Environment says that dioxin exposure at levels seen in everyday life in Japan does not have any effect on health. According to Tokyo's Bureau of Environment, dioxins emitted into the atmosphere in fiscal 2015 had dropped to about one-50th of levels in fiscal 1998. Shiratori attributes the reduction to newer incinerators that could burn trash at higher temperatures and the addition of filtering fabrics in the gas treatment process.
“Due to the 1997 amendment of the Waste Management and Public Cleansing Act, many waste disposal facilities in Japan had to go undergo renovation and reconstruction work,” Shiratori says.
Another byproduct of incineration is ash. Bottom ash is generated in the incinerator and then part of it is recycled in a bid to reduce the volume that ends up in landfills. The Shinagawa plant produces some 180 tons of bottom ash every day. In 2015, some 5,000 tons of bottom ash was used as a substitute for clay in the production of cement.
Bottom ash can also be melted at temperatures over 1,200 degrees Celsius, then cooled, to create slag, which can be used to make asphalt and other construction materials. Although this method has been curtailed in a bid to save energy following the Great East Japan Earthquake of 2011, if you find yourself walking on a sidewalk paved with blocks in Tokyo, it might be based on trash.
A paving block made from incinerated garbage ash. | TIM HORNYAK
In addition, there's fly ash, which is made up of soot and dust collected in the bag filter; after chemical processing, it's sent to landfills.
Another byproduct of the burning is heat energy. Some is captured to generate electricity and power parts of the facility. Excess power is both sold to Tokyo Electric Power Co. Holdings or provided as hot water to a nearby public housing facility for heating and air conditioning.
In fiscal 2015, 19 plants under CAT23 sold enough electricity to power the equivalent of 200,000 households. In 2016, the Shinagawa plant sold some ¥580 million worth of electricity.
Incombustibles
Tokyo's incombustible trash is processed at two centers on the bay. The lion's share goes to the Chubo Incombustible Waste Processing Center, built on landfill beside Umi no Mori. It handles about 60,000 tons of trash annually.
Wheel loaders push incombustibles into conveyor belts leading to hulking rotary crusher machines, in which 128-kilogram metal hammers pulverize the waste into bits, which are then separated with magnets into iron, aluminum and other material. The iron and aluminum is compacted into blocks and sold by Chubo, with annual revenue totaling about ¥220 million and ¥98 million, respectively. Still, about 85 percent of incombustible waste ends up in landfills after processing.
The fate of oversized garbage such as furniture is the opposite. Chubo takes in some 70,000 tons per year, including everything from pianos to desks and tatami mats. About 72 percent of it is burned. It's pulverized, stripped of its iron, and the remnant shipped to incinerators. Enormous specialized chopping machines such as a tatami mat shredder grind away all day long.
In fiscal 2014, the most numerous pieces of oversized garbage were: 905,000 futons, 643,000 pieces of furniture and 528,000 chairs.
Looking to the future
While Umi no Mori undergoes civil engineering work and landscaping, it won't open in time for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics even though the adjacent breakwater canal will be used for canoeing and other watersports.
However, a problem overshadows these islands of trash emerging from Tokyo Bay — what to do when they're full. That should happen in about 50 years, according to Tokyo government officials. There's no more room to expand the landfill area farther south into the bay because that will interfere with shipping lanes. The only solution is to make the best use of what's available.
“People have been talking about this for the past couple of decades,” Shiratori says. “Residents of the 23 wards of Tokyo have carried out the practice of 3R — reduce, reuse and recycle — in an effort to reduce the waste going to the landfill.”
As part of these measures to minimize landfill use, Tokyo is also weighing whether or not to increase the amount of waste that becomes material for cement production, recovering metals from incinerator ash and burning residue left over from treating incombustible waste.
“We have to cut down on waste itself and recycle things that could become waste,” Shiratori says.
UNIVERSITY PARK, Pa. -- Discussing the relationship between science and faith, rather than avoiding the discussion, may better prepare future high school biology teachers for anticipating questions about evolution, according to Penn State political scientists.
In a series of focus group meetings with biology students at four Pennsylvania institutions -- three universities and a college -- students from a Catholic college appeared to be more reflective when talking about issues of faith and science.
"We suspect these students are somewhat less anxious around discussions of faith and science that come up in biology classes," said Michael Berkman, professor of political science and director of the Center for American Political Responsiveness.
Students at religious colleges often receive instruction in theology and attend lectures that integrate discussions about faith, Berkman said. While this may help ease anxiety if religious issues come up in class discussions and talks with concerned parents, it is ultimately knowledge of the science of evolution that will provide biology teachers with the confidence for effective science instruction, they added.
"If you don't have confidence in your own self-knowledge, especially in a controversial topic, your tendency is going to be to shy away from it, to avoid controversy and to not really teach the subject," said Berkman.
Critics of evolution often take advantage of a teacher's limited understanding of evolution to foster doubt in the science and make the science seem less settled than it actually is, according to Berkman, who worked with Eric Plutzer, professor of political science and academic director at the Survey Research Center. These critics need only a slight opening to sow that doubt, they added.
"You don't have to necessarily prove an alternate theory, you just have to shed sufficient doubt on the prevailing scientific consensus," said Berkman. "This is not an original idea. A variety of people and groups use the strategy of enabling doubt, in terms of doubting evolution, or climate change, or even, in the past, with tobacco research."
Although many religious denominations now accept the compatibility between religious faith and the science of evolution, students from the non-religious schools often revealed that they experienced tension between the two, according to the researchers, who released their findings in the March issue of the Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, which is online now.
Students who have not considered the religious implications of evolution may not be prepared for questions from skeptical parents and students when they become teachers.
"Some of these students felt that they would be supplied with sufficient lesson plans and pedagogical skills when they become teachers, so that they could overcome what they don't quite understand now and answer the challenging questions that might come up," said Berkman.
Incorporating faith into discussions about evolution at Catholic and other religious institutions may be easier than at public institutions because the fields of science and religion are much more separate at the latter, they added.
In an earlier study, Berkman and their colleagues found that high school biology teachers play a critical role in forming public consensus about science. Denying evolution could, then, lead not just to doubts about evolution, but also to a broader misunderstanding of science in general, according to the researchers.
"Evolution is fundamental to biology, but more importantly we think that when you are communicating a skepticism about evolution you're communicating a skepticism about science generally," said Berkman.
The researchers conducted focus group sessions at a large research university, a medium-sized state-owned university, a historically black university and a Catholic four-year college, all in Pennsylvania. A total of 35 students took part in the focus group sessions that lasted 50 to 65 minutes.
Berkman said these focus group sessions could help lay the groundwork for more extensive follow-up surveys and studies in the future.
The Penn State Center for the Study of Human Variation, Evolution, and Behavior and the Penn State College of Education's Waterbury fund supported this work.
Nach Eintippen des Abholcodes öffnet sich das Fach der Abholstation, in dem die bestellten Produkte gelagert sind. © Unimarkt/Michael Hügel Nach Eintippen des Abholcodes öffnet sich das Fach der Abholstation, in dem die bestellten Produkte gelagert sind. © Unimarkt/Michael Hügel
Vienna. (sf) Raus aus der Firma, noch schnell die bestellten Lebensmittel aus der Abholstation bei der U-Bahn-Haltestelle abholen und dann ab nach Hause: So könnte bald der Einkauf aussehen, wenn man keine Zeit oder Lust für den Weg in einen Supermarkt hat. Die oberösterreichische Handelsgruppe Pfeiffer, zu der Zielpunkt und Unimarkt gehören, plant bis März 2016 in Vienna 30 Zielpunkt-Abholboxen an hochfrequentierten Lagen wie Bürotürmen oder U-Bahn-Stationen aufzustellen. Mögliche Standorte werden noch gesucht. Für Einkäufer im Unimarkt-Onlineshop sollen bis dahin 20 Abholstationen zur Verfügung stehen.
Wer im Onlineshop bis 11 Uhr bestellt, kann ab 13 Uhr die georderten Produkte mitnehmen. Die Abholstationen verfügen über drei Temperaturzonen: Für ungekühlte, gekühlte und tiefgefrorene Produkte. Seit einigen Monaten ist die Station in der Unimarkt-Zentrale im Testbetrieb, sagt Erich Schönleitner, Geschäftsführer der Pfeiffer Handelsgruppe.
Bereits ab dem ersten Quartal 2015 wird Zielpunkt in Kooperation mit der Post AG in Vienna mit der Hauszustellung starten. Auch bei den Investitionen legt die Handelskette den Fokus auf die Bundeshauptstadt, in der sich 138 Zielpunkt-Filialen befinden: Um zwei Millionen Euro werden die Eingangsbereiche von 70 bis 80 Standorten neu gestaltet. Das Sortiment an snack und Ethnoprodukten (mit Fokus auf Serbien, Kroatien und die Türkei) soll erweitert werden, kündigte Roland Malli, Geschäftsführer von Zielpunkt und Unimarkt, an. Eine schwarze Null will Zielpunkt im Geschäftsjahr 2016/17 erreichen - aufgrund der Übernahme der Schirnhofer-Feinkosttheken in den Filialen samt 730 Mitarbeitern ein Jahr später als geplant.
Das Schwesterunternehmen Unimarkt liefert bereits in Oberösterreich und Teilen Niederösterreichs. Dabei können Konsumenten zwischen einer Zustellung am nächsten Tag (ab 40 Euro gratis) und einer Hauszustellung am selben Tag bis 21 Uhr - gegen einen Zuschlag von 4,90 Euro - wählen. Bei der Abholstation ist das Service ebenfalls ab 40 Euro Bestellwert kostenlos, unter 20 Euro fallen 6,90 Euro und zwischen 20 und 40 Euro 2,90 Euro an.
Derzeit werden knapp zwei Prozent des Umsatzes im Lebensmittelhandel online erzielt - während bereits jedes dritte Paar Schuhe im Internet bestellt werde, so Malli. Erfahrungen aus der Schweiz haben laut Schönleitner gezeigt, dass die Einkaufsbeträge beim Onlineshoppen deutlich über jenen im Geschäft liegen.
Merkur-Onlineshop startet 2015
Auch die Konkurrenz stellt sich auf den zunehmenden Einkauf im Internet ein: Billa hat im November das Zustellgebiet seines Onlineshops ausgeweitet und liefert nun neben Vienna und Wien Umgebung auch in Graz, Linz und Salzburg nach Hause. Kunden, die bis 10 Uhr am Vormittag bestellen, erhalten ihre Ware am selben Tag zwischen 18 und 21 Uhr geliefert. Je 50 Kilogramm werden 5,99 Euro in Rechnung gestellt. Einen Euro Servicegebühr kostet dagegen die Selbstabholung. Das Pick-up-Service wird in zwei Wiener Filialen sowie in je einem Billa-Markt in Linz, Graz und Salzburg angeboten. Wird vor 12 Uhr bestellt, kann die Kiste mit den georderten Produkten zwischen 17 und 20 Uhr abgeholt und mit Bankomat- oder Kreditkarte bezahlt werden. Dafür wurde in den Filialen ein eigener Bereich samt Parkplätzen eingerichtet.
Auch die Handelskette Merkur, die wie Billa zum Rewe-Konzern gehört, will 2015 mit einem Onlineshop für Privatkunden in Vienna starten. In zwei Jahren will Merkur österreichweit liefern. Derzeit richtet sich der Shop an Geschäftskunden.
In Innsbruck und Umgebung liefert MPreis bereits - über seinen Onlineshop TanteM.at - gegen eine Liefergebühr von drei Euro Lebensmittel aus. Spar verkauft dagegen derzeit online keine Lebensmittel - außer Wein.
On February 22, 2017, astronomers announced the discovery of seven Earth-sized planets around the star TRAPPIST-1, only 40 light-years away. Since then, they've been looking at next steps in exploring these worlds, and one has been to think about how the next-generation space telescope – Hubble's successor, called the James Webb Space Telescope – will be able to help, after its October 2018 launch. Astronomers said last week (March 2, 2017) that it'll be possible to use the new space telescope to find out if any of these planets might support life.
Sara Seager, astrophysicst and planetary scientist at MIT, commented in a NASA statement:
For thousands of years, people have wondered, are there other planets like Earth out there? Do any support life? Now we have a bunch of planets that are accessible for further study to try to start to answer these ancient questions.
Depending upon their atmospheric composition, at least three of TRAPPIST-1's planets – e, f and g – could have the appropriate conditions for supporting liquid water. In other words, they orbit in the habitable zone of their star. Because the planets orbit a star that is small, a signal from them will be relatively large, and just strong enough for Webb to detect atmospheric features. Shawn Domagal-Goldman, an astrobiologist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center said:
Two weeks ago, I would have told you that Webb can do this in theory, but in practice it would have required a nearly perfect target. Well, we were just handed three nearly perfect targets.
The James Webb Space Telescope is currently housed at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland. The final mirrors in the telescope's giant segmented mirror were installed a year ago, and now engineers and scientists are testing the telescope. The June 7, 2016 video below is a time-lapse showing some two dozen engineers and technicians in a clean room at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, hard at work installing the package of science instruments on the telescope. Fun, yes?
NASA explained that, in hunting for a potentially life-supporting planet, you need to know more than just the planet's size or distance from its star. Detecting the relative proportions of certain molecules in a planet's atmosphere – water, methane, carbon monoxide/dioxide and/or oxygen – could tell researchers whether a planet could support life. The James Webb Space Telescope will have even more powerful infrared observing capabilities that of the Hubble Space Telescope, and those capabilities will aid in detecting and characterising the molecular make-up of the atmospheres of TRAPPIST-1's planets. Hannah Wakeford, a postdoctoral fellow at Goddard, commented in NASA's March 2 statement:
These are the best Earth-sized planets for the James Webb Space Telescope to characterize, perhaps for its whole lifetime. The Webb telescope will increase the information we have about these planets immensely. With the extended wavelength coverage we will be able to see if their atmospheres have water, methane, carbon monoxide/dioxide and/or oxygen.
One of Webb's main goals will be to use spectroscopy – the technique of splitting light into its component color, and analyzing the resulting spectrum. Spectroscopy lets astronomers identify the chemical components in a star, or planetary atmosphere. NASA explained:
Webb will especially seek chemical biomarkers, like ozone and methane, that can be created from biological processes. Ozone, which protects us from harmful ultraviolet radiation here on Earth, forms when oxygen produced by photosynthetic organisms (like trees and phytoplankton) synthesizes in light. Because ozone is largely dependent on the existence of organisms to form, Webb will look for it in alien atmospheres as a possible indicator of life. It will also be able to look for methane which will help determine a biological source of the oxygen that leads to ozone accumulation. The discovery of the planets in the TRAPPIST-1 system means that Webb will be able to use its immense capabilities on a relatively nearby system.
The number of planets in the system will also enable new research in the field of comparative planetology, which uncovers fundamental planetary processes by comparing different worlds. That means we'll be able to use this system of planets to understand more about our own Earth.
So – for the sake of TRAPPIST-1's planets and many other reasons – astronomers are eagerly awaiting Webb's October 2018 launch.
In the meantime, NASA's missions like Spitzer, Hubble, and Kepler are now following up on these planets, NASA said.
#TRAPPIST1 is the smallest, nearest star with planets close to Earth-size in the Habitable Zone, that transit. Perfect target for #JWST. — NASA Webb Telescope (@NASAWebb) February 23, 2017
Bottom line: NASA plans to use the James Webb Space Telescope – Hubble's successor – to probe for certain life-related molecules in the atmospheres of TRAPPIST'1's newly discovered planets.
Via NASA
Wow! Nearby TRAPPIST-1 has 7 planets
What would life be like near TRAPPIST-1?
Schick Hydro Preview: Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks v Brisbane Broncos
South Cross Group Stadium
Thursday, 8:05PM AEDT
The defending premiers start their Telstra Premiership title defence at home against the Broncos on Thursday night in what is a match between two competition heavyweights.
Both sides lost inspirational leaders in the off-season, with Brisbane captain Corey Parker retiring and Cronulla veteran Michael Ennis also hanging up the boots.
Ben Barba's departure has also meant a backline reshuffle for the Sharks, while a number of off-season signings have bolstered the depth of the Broncos squad.
Gerard Beale has been named at fullback for Cronulla with Valentine Holmes out injured, although Holmes is being given some chance of playing having been included among the reserves in jersey 21. New recruit Edrick Lee will line up on the wing.
For Brisbane, Tautau Moga has edged out David Mead and will make their Broncos debut at centre, with young guns Tevita Pangai Jr, Herman Ese'ese and Jai Arrow joining Alex Glenn on the bench. New recruit Korbin Sims starts at prop with Josh McGuire replacing the retired Parker at lock.
Draw Widget - Round 1 - Sharks vs Broncos
Why the Sharks can win: Cronulla have history on their side, with six of the past seven defending premiers winning in Round 1 (Sydney Roosters the only exception in 2014). The men from the Shire have an outstanding forward pack; with the likes of Paul Gallen, Andrew Fifita, Wade Graham and Luke Lewis some of the NRL's best metre-eaters. Home crowd advantage will play a big role in this one as the Sharks' loyal supporter base cheer on their premiership-winning heroes for the first time in 2017. The euphoria and elation surrounding the Sharks' triumph is still raw after their fans and club waited 49 years to be crowned champions.
Why the Broncos can win: No Ennis, Barba or Holmes means the Sharks are vulnerable in Round 1. Young hooker Jayden Brailey will make their NRL debut in a position that Ennis made their own. The rookie has been thrown into the deep end having to line up against the ever-consistent Andrew McCullough who is the ultimate professional. Beale will be a makeshift fullback for Shane Flanagan's men and it's something the Broncos can exploit. The Sharks are far from full strength and that gives Brisbane the upper hand. The Broncos enter the match at full strength, with their backline boasting some of the game's best in newly appointed captain Darius Boyd, star five-eighth Anthony Milford and Queensland winger Corey Oates.
Key match-up: Chad Townsend v Ben Hunt. Townsend was a huge part of Cronulla's premiership run and they will need to increase their workload after the departures of Ennis and Barba. Townsend must make their presence felt early, and in particular they must help guide young Brailey in what is their first NRL match. Meanwhile, Hunt must prove their heart is still in it after signing on with the Dragons for the 2018 season. Their kicking game will be key in this contest because they will not have much support from Milford. Repeat sets will also be important for the Broncos as they try and tire out the Sharks' big forward pack.
[2016] Telstra Premiership: Chad Townsend Ben Hunt
The history: Played 51; Sharks 20; Brisbane 31. Cronulla-Sutherland have won four of their last five against the Broncos. In the one meeting between the two sides in 2016, the Sharks jumped out to a 28-6 half-time lead before Brisbane fell short of a huge comeback to lose 30-28. On a more positive note for the Broncos, Wayne Bennett's men have won three of their past four matches at Southern Cross Group Stadium, with their most recent being a 10-2 victory in 2015.
What are the odds: Sportsbet's market for this game turned upside down once Valentine Holmes was ruled out. The Sharks went from favourites to outsiders as a result of six times as much money being invested on the Broncos. Brisbane 1-12 is the most popular winning margin, while Darius Boyd has been the best backed to score the first try of the new season. Latest odds at Sportsbet.com.au.
Match officials: Referee: Matt Cecchin; Assistant Referee: Alan Shortall; Touch Judges: Brett Suttor & Chris Butler; Review Official: Luke Patten; Senior RO: Bernard Sutton.
Televised: Channel 9 – Live coverage from 8.00PM; Fox League – Live coverage from 7.00PM.
NRL.com predicts: We're predicting the Sharks to start 2017 slowly. The injury to Holmes is a huge factor in this match, especially with the likes of Australian international Boyd in Brisbane's No.1 jersey. As well as this, the loss of Ennis and Barba cannot be underestimated, with the pair having 441 NRL games of experience between them. The Broncos look strong across the park and should be too good. Brisbane by eight.
For Immediate Release
In a 5-4 ruling today, the US Supreme Court held that the Fourteenth Amendment requires states to license same-sex marriage and recognize those marriages entered into in other states.
Libertarian candidates, including the party's 1976 presidential nominee, Roger MacBride, have been bravely calling for marriage equality since long before it was politically correct. In fact, they've been doing so when it was considered downright dangerous.
David Boaz, Vice President of the Cato Institute, noted in a column in The Advocate , ‘The Libertarian Party endorsed gay rights with its first platform in 1972 — the same year the Democratic nominee for vice president referred to ‘queers' in a Chicago speech. In 1976 the Libertarian Party issued a pamphlet calling for an end to antigay laws and endorsing full marriage rights.'
‘I'm glad to see that the Supreme Court has upheld the equal rights for all Americans that the Libertarian Party has been fighting for, for over forty years,” said Nicholas Sarwark, Chair of the Libertarian National Committee.
‘We applaud and celebrate this victory, and we will continue to fight for the rights of all Americans to pursue happiness and prosperity in any way they choose,' they said, ‘as long as they don't hurt others or take their stuff.”
###
The various houses of Westeros and Essos tend to group certain kinds of personalities, giving them narrative power by serving as something of a mirror to the reader's own moods and experiences. Some days you're feeling the fury of House Baratheon, others you're repaying your debts as diligently as the roaring House Lannister. Miguel Lokia AKA "Lokiable" on DeviantArt has imagined what banners of dynasties forged by your favorite characters from comics, anime, TV and film might look like in George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire universe through the lens of HBO's Game of Thrones TV adaptation aesthetic. Several Avengers, the Skywalkers, Full Metal Alchemist's Elrics and others get crests and mottos that could plausibly hang on flags found in Martin's universe. The mashups aren't gushing with pure reverence, though, with a particularly fun Pokémon parody thrown in the mix. You can check out a selection of the GoT banner mashups after the cut.
[Click Images To Enlarge]
[Via Miguel Lokia / io9 ]
Immunologists have shown that our immune cells can learn on the job.
Even better, some cells remember what they have learnt, and can apply it in response to future challenges.
The research, published as the cover story of the first 2015 edition of the journal Immunity, focused on T-helper cells, a type of T cell that helps other immune cells by releasing messenger substances or cytokines.
Dr Andreas Kupz, a researcher from James Cook University in Cairns, Australia, is a co-author of the paper, 'Set Theory for Immune Cells'.
"We already knew that T cells could produce different quantities of a messenger substance, but until now it was assumed this was randomly determined," Dr Kupz said.
"What we have been able to establish is that when a T-helper cell is activated by an infection, it 'learns' which cytokine it needs to produce, and in what quantity."
An international team of researchers finds that if the infection is conquered, some of the T-helper cells are able to retain the information through the amount of a specific factor present in the nucleus of the cells.
"When they later face a new infection, this memory T cells are activated and they release that pre-determined quantity of cytokine," Dr Kupz said.
"Cytokines are messenger substances that regulate our immune responses. Understanding how T-helper cells manage them opens the door to exciting possibilities.
"For example we might, in the future, be able to strengthen a specific immune reaction. Or, we could perhaps reduce the misdirected immune responses that cause inflammation."
The research was conducted by scientists from the Charité - Universitätsmedizin and the Max Planck Institute for Infection Biology, both in Berlin, the University of Heidelberg, the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, USA, and James Cook University.
After studying at Humboldt University in Berlin and completing their PhD at The University of Melbourne, Andreas Kupz received a CJ Martin Fellowship from the National Health and Medical Research Council to work with Professor Nick Smith at James Cook University in Cairns.
 They are spending two years of their Fellowship studying the immunology of tuberculosis with Professor Stefan Kaufmann at Berlin's Max Planck Institute for Infection Biology.
"Andreas is a highly valued member of our team at the Australian Institute of Tropical Health and Medicine at JCU in Cairns," Professor Smith said.
"After completing their projects in Berlin, including their contribution to this ground-breaking paper, they will return to Cairns with a wealth of experience to apply to our work on important tropical infectious diseases."
###
Morning Joe co-host Mika Brzezinski criticized Democratic National Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-FL) for trying to control the election and protect Hillary Clinton by limiting the number of Democratic debates, which Mika says has totally backfired on her:
The DNC trying to control the election by making fewer debates? Good on ya. You screwed yourself.
Wasserman Schlutz has staunchly defended their decision to limit the number of debates despite calls from Democrats—including DNC vice-chairperson Tulsi Gabbard (D-HI)—for more face-offs between the candidates.
The Democratic debate schedule has been mocked for not just the small number of them—six—but also for scheduling the majority of them on weekends when the audience was guaranteed to be far lower than if they had been on weeknights. It has been an obvious effort to protect frontrunner Hillary Clinton.
But as Brzezinski pointed out, the DNC screwed themselves, because Bernie Sanders (I-VT) has surged in the polls and is threatening to win both the Iowa caucus and New Hampshire primary. That would deal a huge blow to the Clinton campaign.
After co-host Joe Scarborough read off the results of a new CNN/WMUR poll that showed Sanders with a commanding 27 point lead in New Hampshire, Brzezinski had more words for Wasserman Schultz:
“Thank God you controlled that debate thing, because that really helped out,” Brzezinski said.
It sure did.
Photo by PoolSafely
It makes perfect sense to us that cannabis and yoga would work hand in hand—after all, what could be more relaxing than a little weed and a little downward dog?—but local yoga instructor Dee Dussault was actually the first person to bring the ancient combination to the United States.
Dussault has been practicing yoga for 22 years, and is passionate about helping people find their inner bliss through relaxation, mindfulness, and sensuality. They teach a variety of customized private and public yoga classes for individuals, couples and groups, including: relaxation-based hatha yoga, tantra, sexual-awakening yoga, ganja yoga, and clothing-free yoga.
While combining cannabis and yoga is a popular pastime in India (many monks would use the powerful herb in sacred ceremonies to achieve an altered state of consciousness that allowed for a deeper mediation) no one had brought the practice stateside until 2012, when Dussault opened their Ganja Yoga practice in San Francisco. Located in an unassuming artist building in SoMa, the free-spirited Ganja Yoga class feels worlds away from the stress of the busy work day. The use of cannabis in the social environment is always optional, yet highly recommended as a way to enhance the overall experience. If you're a beginner to pot or yoga, Dussault will educate you on various options, strains and potencies to find what works best for you.
This class is anything but intimidating, made up of a friendly crowd with mixed yoga skills. Unlike mainstream yoga classes, Ganja Yoga isn't focused on your fitness level and how you look in a pose; it is about mindfully using cannabis to deepen your practice, enhance self-awareness, feel your body, and be in an inner state through breath. The benefits of this unique class can include: pain and stress relief, relaxation, an enhanced sense of wellbeing, evolution of consciousness, and being part of a welcoming, diverse and social community.
SPIRITUAL ENHANCEMENTS:
Bloom Farms vape pens: Pesticide free, sustainably-farmed and crafted, solvent-free Co2 extraction. One meal is donated to someone in need for every vape pen sold.
Flow Kana organic cannabis: Sun-grown, organic, farm-to-table cannabis delivery with fair pricing for farmers. A leader in the conscious cannabis movement.
WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW:
Cost: Classes are $25 per person and require everyone to have their own medicinal marijuana card.
When: Every Wednesday, 7-9pm.
Location: Merchants of Reality, 285 9th Street, San Francisco
Bring: a mat and an open mind
// For more information visit Dee's website; To participate visit the Ganja Yoga Meetup Group. They also offer a Vape Yoga class every Thursday from 7-9pm (private studio near Powell Station BART, the address is shared after registration).
Faith and Freedom Coalition founder Ralph Reed on Tuesday said that it was becoming too easy for women with children to get a divorce from their husbands.
In an interview with MSNBC's Morning Joe to push their latest book, Reed asserted that the national debt was connected to the decline in the nation's morality.
Host Mika Brzezinski wondered why Reed had compared divorce to drug use, human trafficking and legalized gambling to prove the country was in decline.
“I personally think the no-fault divorce revolution in the 60s and 70s has not been good for society,” Reed explained. “Certainly, I recognize that couples are not going to be able to stay together. That's been true throughout society, but do we really want to make it easier for a man to discard the wife of their youth than it is for them to fire their secretary, for them to basically go in and say goodbye when 40 percent of all child support is never paid?”
“And when we know, 40 percent of the women and children that are thus cast aside end up in poverty,” they added. “A woman is far more likely to end up in poverty. A man's income goes up. So, a lot of the poverty problem in America is a problem of women and children abandoned by the husbands and fathers.”
MSNBC contributor Mike Barnicle pointed out that Reed should support more federal programs like food stamps if they were concerned about poor women and children.
Reed, however, argued that making divorce more difficult was a “better solution” than food stamps.
“Set aside the partisan politics, that if you have a society where children are born out of wedlock, end up in poverty, and end up as agents and wards of the state, that's not a healthy society,” they opined.
Watch the video below from MSNBC's Morning Joe, broadcast March 18, 2014.
A notable feature of the 2015 general election campaign was the degree of apparent unanimity across all parties that Britain has an overcentralized governmental structure, which is ripe for devolution. In the wake of the Scottish independence referendum, and the...
A notable feature of the 2015 general election campaign was the degree of apparent unanimity across all parties that Britain has an overcentralized governmental structure, which is ripe for devolution. In the wake of the Scottish independence referendum, and the desperate resort to ‘devo -max' to save the day for Better Together, this was hardly a surprise. But the superficial unanimity of the narrative concealed a gaping void in the intellectual underpinnings of what a devolved governmental structure might look like. From both the Tory and Labour camps, the message was a fuzzy ‘make it up for yourselves and we'll discuss it with you' – in effect, ducking any intellectual engagement with the tricky issue of taking fiscal and social policy responsibility out of the hands of Whitehall and Westminster and into the hands of local communities and their elected representatives.
That political and intellectual evasiveness continues to dominate both Labour and Tory thinking. The government's policy since the election has justifiably been described as incoherent and inconsistent by the Local Government Select Committee, and Labour-led local authorities have been ploughing their own local furrows without any coherent party policy to refer to. In practice, the government's approach has been a travesty of genuine devolution. Their policy is best described as an incremental extension of the City Deal/Local Growth Fund policies inherited from the Coalition period. Local authorities are encouraged to come together to propose expenditure plans (notably for transport, housing and skills infrastructure) that will promote economic growth over a medium-term period. In return for a multi-year capital funding allocation, the local authorities are expected to create a different and more unified decision making structure across their chosen area, preferably with an elected mayor at the helm of the new structure.
Three things are notable about this policy: it takes powers away from local communities and places them in the hands of more distant combined authorities and their elected mayors; no fiscal devolution is being offered; the capital allocations are timebound, while the new structures of local government are permanent. In brief, it's a policy of local government reorganisation by stealth. Devolution is not on offer.
This conclusion is reinforced by the simultaneous stream of massively centralising government measures which have drained even more powers out of local community control, such as the Housing and Planning Act, which spells the death of social housing and dictates how local housing markets should work, the nationalising of schools through academisation, and central control of Council Tax levels.
Labour's policy is unclear. The innovative work that was undertaken by the LGA Labour Group and the Local Government Innovation Taskforce before the 2015 Election and published in ‘People, Power and Public Services' has been forgotten, and the centralising instincts that come from the worthy desire to ensure that all our citizens get equal treatment regardless of where they live, have revived. The party remains strong in local government and there needs to be more policy engagement with the issues of devolution, community involvement, local government structure and local democracy.
From discussions with other Labour local authority leaders, a framework for rethinking the party's approach to devolution is emerging:
The old two tier local government structures are no longer appropriate and the basis for devolution has to be new unitary authorities. A rational approach to the creation of new unitaries which respect community loyalties and pride in ‘place' is required. This process should be overseen by an Independent Commission and undertaken within a defined time period.
A wide measure of freedom for local authorities to set their own levels of taxation, and service charging structures, allowing them to raise and control a large proportion of their income locally.
A transfer of business rate income to local authorities with a redistribution mechanism which recognises the differential capacities and needs of different communities and is not skewed by government bias towards their own councils – whatever the colour of the government in power.
A re-establishment of local education authorities with strong links to the skills agenda and to children's services.
A national structure merging adult social care and local health services, managed through an Expert Group that can bring about the necessary transformation of service structures within a defined period.
A revived public scrutiny system based on panels drawn from large ‘colleges' of scrutineers, whose composition reflects the social and demographic make-up of the area.
No requirement for directly elected mayors which run directly counter to the aim of drawing local communities closer to the decision making processes which affect them.
As the new party leadership develops the agenda for the next election we should be endorsing genuine devolution of power to local communities. Place-based unitary authorities should be reflective of, and responsive to, their residents and services should be delivered by ward-based political leaders open to regular scrutiny and challenge.
Image: superde1uxe
Here is the new Europe Map for Euro Truck Simulator 2 named MsHeavyAlex.
Features:
Add new cities:Epinal (F), Feldkirch (A), Unken (A), Lienz (A), Chur (CH), Belluno (I), Sillian (A), Bolzano (I), Croydon (GB), Portsmouth (GB), Maidstone (GB).
Add new textures, objects…
Add new trucks, signs,…
Add new companies.
Add many new gas stations.
Many new highways
…
What's new in this v1.4?
New company Fueltrans in Manchester (UK) New company Maxilla in Ammanford (UK) New company Fastrans in Poznan (PL) Fixed cross in Birmingham New company Transport21 in Manchester (UK) New company Fastrans in Ammanford (UK) New city Ammanford (UK) New company Fueltrans in Ammanford (UK) New company in game – Fueltrans (mostlly work with fuel) New position of Toll gates near Reims New company Transport21 in Ammanford (UK) New company Fueltrans in Wroclaw (PL) Fixed lights in some buildings ( for night )
v1.3 changelogs:
New company Maxilla in Southampton (UK)
New company Transport21 in Southampton (UK)
New crosses and roads in Southampton (UK)
New company Fastrans in Southampton (UK)
Fixed small problems with garage in some citites
v1.2.3 changelogs:
New big company Maxilla Transport (mostly heavy Load)
New company FasTrans in Stuttgart (D)
New company FasTrans in Torino (I)
New small company FasTrans (food Load)
New company Maxilla Transport in Verona (I)
New Gas station in Erfurt (D)
New company Maxilla Transport in Erfurt (D)
New Gas station in Torino (I)
v1.2.2 changelogs:
New road on enter in Innsbruck (A) (east-south side)
Fixed Service garage in Amiens (F)
New company Transport21 in Bolzano (I)
New road cross Alps from Chur (CH) to Bolzano (I)
Fixed Service garage in Debrecen (H)
New company Bauhaus in Innsbruck (A)
Changelogs of Version 1.0?
Fixed jagged edges on these roads:
in London (GB)
around/in Vienna(A)
around/in Salzburg (A)
around/in Rotherdam (NL)
around Strasbourg (F)
around Belluno (I)
around/in Amsterdam (NL)
around Toll gates in north France (on A16 Paris Calais Lille)
around Sillian (I)
around Feldkirch (A)
around Unken (A)
around/in Amiens (F)
around Bolzano (I)
around Epinal (F)
around/in Croydon (GB)
around/in Linz (A)
around IKEA place, London (GB)
in Southampton (GB)
around/in Portsmouth (GB)
around Metz (F)
around/in Chur (CH)
around/in Maidstone (GB)
New small country gas station between Salzburg (A) and Unken (A)
New road in Salzburg (A) to IKEA
New Toll gates positions in north France (on A16 Paris – Calais – Lille)
New highway around Paris (second part on west side)-A86 -somewhere 70 km new road
New France sign for highway (credit to Nishant Boro)
New look on normal roads between Metz(F) and Frankfurt(D)
New company in game – E.Leclerc – all Credits to Nishant Boro for Prefab
New gas station in center of Amsterdam (NL)
New company IKEA in Salzburg (A)
New look on normal road Luxembourg(L)-Liege(B)
New-look in/around Luxembourg(L)
Improve gas station near Strasbourg (F)
Fixed enter in company on the hill in Epinal (F)
Credits: Nico, Tobias, MsHeavyAlex, Aneya, Nishant Boro.
Screenshots for MsHeavyAlex Map:
Download MsHeavyAlex EU Map for ETS2:
We provide a free, fast and clean REST API that's easy to use, returns JSON and conforms to the HATEOAS and HAL principles. The root url is http://api.tvmaze.com and the available endpoints are documented below. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding the API, please post them on our forums.
In addition to the free public API, there's a user-level API available for all Premium members. The documentation for the user API can be viewed here.
To stay up to date with the latest changes, you can follow the changelog thread here.
Table of Contents
Endpoints
Search
Show search
Search through all the shows in our database by the show's name. A fuzzy algorithm is used (with a fuzziness value of 2), meaning that shows will be found even if your query contains small typos. Results are returned in order of relevancy (best matches on top) and contain each show's full information.
The most common usecase for this endpoint is when you're building a local mapping of show names to TVmaze ID's and want to make sure that you're mapping to exactly the right show, and not to a different show that happens to have the same name. By presenting each show's basic information in a UI, you can have the end-user pick a specific entry from that list, and have your application store the chosen show's ID or URL. Any subsequent requests for information on that show can then be directly made to that show's URL.
Show single search
In some scenarios you might want to immediately return information based on a user's query, without the intermediary step of presenting them all the possible matches. In that case, you can use the singlesearch endpoint which either returns exactly one result, or no result at all. This endpoint is also forgiving of typos, but less so than the regular search (with a fuzziness of 1 instead of 2), to reduce the chance of a false positive.
As opposed to the regular search endpoint, the singlesearch endpoint allows embedding additional information in the result. See the section embedding for more information.
Beware that if multiple shows exist with an identical name (for example, Top Gear) it's undefined which of them will be returned by this endpoint. If you want to be sure you're matching with the proper show, use the search endpoint instead.
Show Lookup
If you already know a show's tvrage, thetvdb or IMDB ID, you can use this endpoint to find this exact show on TVmaze. If the given ID can be matched, a HTTP 302 redirect to the show's URL will be returned. Otherwise, a HTTP 404 is sent.
People search
Search through all the people in our database, using the same mechanism as described for show searches.
Schedule
The schedule is a complete list of episodes that air in a given country on a given date. Episodes are returned in the order in which they are aired, and full information about the episode and the corresponding show is included.
Note that contrary to what you might expect, the ISO country code for the United Kingdom is not UK, but GB.
URL: /schedule?country=:countrycode&date=:date
(optional) countrycode : an ISO 3166-1 code of the country; defaults to US
: an ISO 3166-1 code of the country; defaults to US (optional) date : an ISO 8601 formatted date; defaults to the current day
: an ISO 8601 formatted date; defaults to the current day Example: http://api.tvmaze.com/schedule?country=US&date=2014-12-01
Example: http://api.tvmaze.com/schedule
Full schedule
The full schedule is a list of all future episodes known to TVmaze, regardless of their country. Be advised that this endpoint's response is at least several MB large. As opposed to the other endpoints, results are cached for 24 hours.
Shows
Show main information
Retrieve all primary information for a given show. This endpoint allows embedding of additional information. See the section embedding for more information.
Show episode list
A complete list of episodes for the given show. Episodes are returned in their airing order, and include full episode information. By default, specials are not included in the list.
URL: /shows/:id/episodes
(optional) specials : do include specials in the list
: do include specials in the list Example: http://api.tvmaze.com/shows/1/episodes
Example: http://api.tvmaze.com/shows/1/episodes?specials=1
Episode by number
Retrieve one specific episode from this show given its season number and episode number. This either returns the full information for one episode, or a HTTP 404.
URL: /shows/:id/episodebynumber?season=:season&number=:number
season : a season number
: a season number number : an episode number
: an episode number Example: http://api.tvmaze.com/shows/1/episodebynumber?season=1&number=1
Retrieve all episodes from this show that have aired on a specific date. This either returns an array of full episode info, or a HTTP 404. Useful for daily (talk) shows that don't adhere to a common season numbering.
URL: /shows/:id/episodesbydate?date=:date
date : an ISO 8601 formatted date
: an ISO 8601 formatted date Example: http://api.tvmaze.com/shows/1/episodesbydate?date=2013-07-01
Show seasons
A complete list of seasons for the given show. Seasons are returned in ascending order and contain the full information that's known about them.
Season episodes
A list of episodes in this season. Specials are always included in this list; they can be recognized by a NULL value for number.
Show cast
A list of main cast for a show. Each cast item is a combination of a person and a character. Items are ordered by importance, which is determined by the total number of appearances of the given character in this show.
Show crew
A list of main crew for a show. Each crew item is a combination of a person and their crew type.
Show AKA's
A list of AKA's (aliases) for a show. An AKA with its country set to null indicates an AKA in the show's original country. Otherwise, it's the AKA for that show in the given foreign country.
Show index
A list of all shows in our database, with all primary information included. You can use this endpoint for example if you want to build a local cache of all shows contained in the TVmaze database. This endpoint is paginated, with a maximum of 250 results per page. The pagination is based on show ID, e.g. page 0 will contain shows with IDs between 0 and 250. This means a single page might contain less than 250 results, in case of deletions, but it also guarantees that deletions won't cause shuffling in the page numbering for other shows.
Because of this, you can implement a daily/weekly sync simply by starting at the page number where you last left off, and be sure you won't skip over any entries. For example, if the last show in your local cache has an ID of 1800, you would start to re-sync at page number floor(1800/250) = 7. After this, simply increment the page number by 1 until you receive a HTTP 404 response code, which indicates that you've reached the end of the list.
As opposed to the other endpoints, results from the show index are cached for up to 24 hours.
People
Person main information
Retrieve all primary information for a given person. This endpoint allows embedding of additional information. See the section embedding for more information.
Person cast credits
Retrieve all (show-level) cast credits for a person. A cast credit is a combination of both a show and a character. By default, only a reference to each show and character will be returned. However, this endpoint supports embedding, which means full information for the shows and characters can be included.
Person crew credits
Retrieve all (show-level) crew credits for a person. A crew credit is combination of both a show and a crew type. By default, only a reference to each show will be returned. However, this endpoint supports embedding, which means full information for the shows can be included.
A list of all shows in the TVmaze database and the timestamp when they were last updated. Updating a direct or indirect child of a show will also mark the show itself as updated. For example; creating, deleting or updating an episode or an episode's gallery item will mark the episode's show as updated.
Embedding
As defined by the HAL convention, our API resources can contain links to related URLs. These URLs can refer to either a collection (like a list of episodes), or to an individual resource (like an episode). References to an individual resource are always advertised in the model's _links, for example as a show's _links.previousepisode or a cast credit's _links.character. References to collections are not actively advertised in the _links output, but are documented here. Both types of links can be embedded in the response by using the embed query parameter.
For example, http://api.tvmaze.com/shows/1?embed=episodes will serve the show's main information and its episode list in one single response. http://api.tvmaze.com/shows/1?embed=nextepisode would embed the details of that show's upcoming episode in the response, but only if one such episode currently exists. Embedding multiple links is possible with the array syntax: http://api.tvmaze.com/shows/1?embed[]=episodes&embed[]=cast
Images
Most resources available in the API have an image property that refers to that item's primary image. For shows, people and characters this is an image in poster format; for episodes the image is in landscape format. If an image exists, the image property will be a dictionary containing a "medium" and "original" key, referring to the image in fixed resized dimensions or in the original uploaded resolution. If no image exists yet, the image property will be NULL.
You are free to directly link ("hotlink") to our image CDN. However, for performance reasons we recommend caching the images on your end: on your own server in case of a web application, or on the client in case of a desktop/mobile app. Images can safely be cached indefinitely: on our end the content of a specific image URL will never change; if an item's primary image changes, the item's image URL will change instead.
HTTPS
All endpoints are accessible using encrypted HTTPS as well, for example: https://api.tvmaze.com/shows/1. Links embedded in the API response - to other API endpoints or to our image CDN - will be returned as HTTP regardless, but can all be accessed using HTTPS if you manually change the URL's scheme to HTTPS.
Caching
All output is cached by our HTTP load balancers for 60 minutes, so when information is updated on the site, please allow up to 1 hour for the changes to propagate to the API.
Rate limiting
API calls are rate limited to allow at least 20 calls every 10 seconds per IP address. If you exceed this rate, you might receive an HTTP 429 error. We say at least, because rate limiting takes place on the backend but not on the edge cache. So if your client is only requesting common/popular endpoints like shows or episodes (as opposed to more unique endpoints like searches or embedding), you're likely to never hit the limit. For an optimal throughput, simply let your client back off for a few seconds when it receives a 429.
Under special circumstances we may temporarily have to impose a stricter rate limit. So even if your client wouldn't normally exceed our rate limit, it's useful to gracefully handle HTTP 429 responses: simply retry the request after a small pause instead of treating it as a permanent failure.
While not required, we strongly recommend setting your client's HTTP User Agent to something that'll uniquely describe it. This allows us to identify your application in case of problems, or to proactively reach out to you.
CORS
All endpoints are CORS (Cross-origin resource sharing) enabled, which means our API can be used directly in web applications without having to resort to JSONP or HTTP proxying.
Licensing
Use of the TVmaze API is licensed by CC BY-SA. This means the data can freely be used for any purpose, as long as TVmaze is properly credited as source and your application complies with the ShareAlike provision. You can satisfy the attribution requirement by linking back to TVmaze from within your application or website, for example using the URLs available in the API.
Enterprise API
Does your usecase require data or functionality not available in the public API? Are you looking for a different license, SLA or support level? Contact our sales department via email to discuss the possibilities.
As a recent study finds that half of people plug in USB sticks found at their work's car parking lot, we ask if the USB security threat will ever go away.
In a recent study, researchers from Google and the universities of Illinois and Michigan dropped nearly 300 USB sticks off at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign campus and measured how many of these were plugged into student machines.
The findings were alarming, and indicative of just how dangerous USBs can be. “We found that users picked up, plugged in, and clicked on files in 48% of the drives we dropped,” the authors of the report commented. “They did so quickly: the first drive was connected in less than six minutes.”
A small number, just 32%, took precautions to protect themselves from possible threats. For those respondents who considered protective measures, 16% scanned the drive with their antivirus software while 8% believed that their operating system or security software would protect them.
More surprisingly perhaps, another 8% ‘sacrificed' a personal computer or used university resources to protect their personal equipment.
“These individuals are not technically incompetent, but are rather typical community members who appear to take more recreational risks than their peers,” the report's authors explained.
“We conclude with lessons learned and discussion on how social engineering attacks – while less technical – continue to be an effective attack vector that our community has yet to successfully address.”
USB stick security is flawed
This is the sign that people continue to let their intrigue get the better of them, plugging in USB sticks with little thought or concern for the possible after-effects.
And there have been some notorious examples where USBs have already caused significant damage – the infamous Stuxnet malware spread across Iranian centrifuges via an infected USB flash drive, while last month it was emerged that 18 malware-ridden USB thumb drives were found at a nuclear site in Germany.
The issue here is that USB malware is growing in potency and popularity in the underground market. Cybercriminals recognize that it's an easy way of compromising an individual or business.
A common tactic of cybercriminals is to hide malicious code on a USB drive so that when it is plugged in, the code executes and installs itself on the computer without the user's knowledge. The malware then spreads across connected computers and allows criminals to access the user's data or use their computers to help them attack their ultimate target.
Some USB malware is worse than others. For example, the BadUSB malware can enable a cybercriminal to take control of a computer, invisibly alter files or even direct the user's internet traffic – a useful way of delivering an additional payload.
A newer version, dubbed USB Killer and developed by researcher Dark Purple, could apparently “fry” a computer's motherboard seconds after the dongle had been inserted in the USB port.
Some have gone on to argue that USBs are insecure by design; Karsten Nohl, the founder and chief scientist of Berlin-based Security Research Labs, has previously said that the majority of USB thumb drives do not protect their firmware, the software that runs on the microcontroller inside them.
This means that a malware program could replace the firmware and suggests its own commands to USB devices, like a keyboard for example.
Missing USBs not a new problem
The issue is not only that this drop-attack is a common technique employed by varying levels of cybercriminals, but also that USB sticks continue to be lost or stolen. They can end up in all places – although often governments and police departments are the worst offenders.
A study ESET carried out at the start of the year revealed that over 22,000 USB memory sticks end up in dry cleaners alone, with 45% of these never getting returned to their owners.
They also end up on public transport, in particular trains. Many of these remain lost forever, but a few ends up in the hands of criminals and opportunistic individuals.
Education required
The problem that continues to engulf USB devices is that people are still largely unaware of the dangers involved. This is also, perhaps more surprisingly, even the case in business.
In 2011, a study conducted by the Ponemon Institute showed that an alarming number of companies do not consider protection of information on a USB drive to be high priority. Meanwhile, less than one-third of organizations believed they had adequate policies to prevent USB misuse.
In contrast, nearly half of large organizations have lost sensitive or confidential information on USB drives in just the past two years, and the rate is climbing significantly. Statistically, an average of 12,000 customer records are lost per organization due to missing USB drives.
Security experts say that end users must be educated on the dangers, as well as informed about good practice. The latter can usually be done through security awareness campaigns.
Other firms take a more aggressive approach, banning USB drives from their environment, even gluing up USB ports or preventing untrusted memory sticks from connecting to external devices.
People could encrypt information on flash drives, in the event of losing them, although this still doesn't guard against the risk of an external attack.
USBs will, sadly, continue to be a security risk; people are prone to losing such devices, whilst the success of social engineering USB attacks (like leaving random keys in car parking lots as above) means that cybercriminals will continue to see this as an easy way into organizations.
However, with more security training, more secure USB drives and an increasing awareness around cybercrime tactics, you can make sure you don't fall victim to this surprising common cyberattack.
I think it was a very good year for games. Sony Playstation was starting to rule but Sega and Nintendo would not go down without a fight... well one of them did...That is Ice Cube. Unfortunately for Sega most gamers headed the opposite direction from Saturn...Dragonforce has become a cult favorite. I wish i had it in my Saturn collection.Saturn was actually a success in Japan, I think their biggest and only success in their home countryI think this game was actually pretty good. I dont remember seeing it on Sega or Playstation.The start of the franchise.What retrogaming looked like in 1996. Much like retrogaming in 2016! And these games were like all of 10 years old or so. I own this one, very worth it. Also on DOS CD-ROM.SNES was a surprisingly longlived system. Capcom Marvel games were great in the arcade, not sure about this, the Saturn ones were great but I think they had to be imported.But the future was here with N64! Great system, I never owned one though i even have a Gamecube. This is taken from these Toys R Us catalog which includes all systems, including Game Boy Pocket and also Tamagotchi! Aka the pet you could kill with its own poop.
When future generations look back on the global-warming scare of the past 30 years, nothing will shock them more than the extent to which the official temperature records – on which the entire panic ultimately rested – were systematically “adjusted” to show the Earth as having warmed much more than the actual data justified.
Two weeks ago, under the headline “How we are being tricked by flawed data on global warming” , I wrote about Paul Homewood, who, on their Notalotofpeopleknowthat blog, had checked the published temperature graphs for three weather stations in Paraguay against the temperatures that had originally been recorded. In each instance, the actual trend of 60 years of data had been dramatically reversed, so that a cooling trend was changed to one that showed a marked warming.
This was only the latest of many examples of a practice long recognised by expert observers around the world – one that raises an ever larger question mark over the entire official surface-temperature record.
Following my last article, Homewood checked a swathe of other South American weather stations around the original three. In each case they found the same suspicious one-way “adjustments”. First these were made by the US government's Global Historical Climate Network (GHCN). They were then amplified by two of the main official surface records, the Goddard Institute for Space Studies (Giss) and the National Climate Data Center (NCDC), which use the warming trends to estimate temperatures across the vast regions of the Earth where no measurements are taken. Yet these are the very records on which scientists and politicians rely for their belief in “global warming”.
Homewood has now turned their attention to the weather stations across much of the Arctic, between Canada (51 degrees W) and the heart of Siberia (87 degrees E). Again, in nearly every case, the same one-way adjustments have been made, to show warming up to 1 degree C or higher than was indicated by the data that was actually recorded. This has surprised no one more than Traust Jonsson, who was long in charge of climate research for the Iceland met office (and with whom Homewood has been in touch). Jonsson was amazed to see how the new version completely “disappears” Iceland's “sea ice years” around 1970, when a period of extreme cooling almost devastated their country's economy.
One of the first examples of these “adjustments” was exposed in 2007 by the statistician Steve McIntyre, when they discovered a paper published in 1987 by James Hansen, the scientist (later turned fanatical climate activist) who for many years ran Giss. Hansen's original graph showed temperatures in the Arctic as having been much higher around 1940 than at any time since. But as Homewood reveals in their blog post, “Temperature adjustments transform Arctic history”, Giss has turned this upside down. Arctic temperatures from that time have been lowered so much that that they are now dwarfed by those of the past 20 years.
Homewood's interest in the Arctic is partly because the “vanishing” of its polar ice (and the polar bears) has become such a poster-child for those trying to persuade us that we are threatened by runaway warming. But they chose that particular stretch of the Arctic because it is where ice is affected by warmer water brought in by cyclical shifts in a major Atlantic current – this last peaked at just the time 75 years ago when Arctic ice retreated even further than it has done recently. The ice-melt is not caused by rising global temperatures at all.
Of much more serious significance, however, is the way this wholesale manipulation of the official temperature record – for reasons GHCN and Giss have never plausibly explained – has become the real elephant in the room of the greatest and most costly scare the world has known. This really does begin to look like one of the greatest scientific scandals of all time.
For more stories, like the Telegraph's Facebook page by clicking on the link below:
We recently had a conversation with Greg Smith, managing director of Discover Wisconsin, to figure out what America's dairy land has to offer motorcyclists. We were intrigued by an episode of their online TV show entitled Ride Wisconsin, which you can view below.
RR: What are some things that set Wisconsin apart as a motorcycling destination?
Greg: The beauty and scenery of the entire state is unparalleled. We have Lake Superior to the north, Lake Michigan to the east, Mississippi River to the west, and 15,000 lakes scattered in between. The Driftless area in the southwest corner of Wisconsin is an amazing place to ride—since the glaciers didn't touch during the ice age, the area is comprised of striking hills and valleys today. Wisconsin also has tons of unique stops along the way, including lodging, dining, and shopping areas.
RR: Take us through some of the rallies and motorcycle events that take place in Wisconsin.
Greg: There are several Harley-Davidson rallies and every one of them is great. The Tomahawk rally is also a fantastic ride. For more rallies, click here.
RR: What other festivals and events would make a good stop for a motorcyclist touring your state?
Greg: The list is endless, really! But for starters, there are hundreds of music festivals throughout the state all summer along. Native American pow wows are always worth stopping for, as are the water ski shows and outdoor theater groups.
RR: What are some of Wisconsin's best riding roads?
Greg: Highways 55, 108, 33, 131, 25, 64, 8, 60, 27, 35 (Great River Road), 32, 13, 63, 64—all feature up breathtaking backdrops. There are plenty of rustic roads too!
RR: Besides being famous for cheese (and beer), what other culinary delights can be found in America's dairy land?
Greg: Wisconsin is the number one producer of specialty meat. And this may surprise you, but a lot of visitors love the wineries we have, such as Wollersheim Winery in Prairie du Sac. Of course, we're also famous for Supper Clubs (fish fry, anyone)?
RR: What are some of Wisconsin's best museums and historical sites?
Greg: Harley-Davidson Museum, Circus World, Wade house, Old World Wisconsin, and countless public (and often free) museums all across the state.
RR: For those interested in heading off the beaten path, what camping and trail riding options does Wisconsin have?
Greg: We have 2.3 million acres of county forest and thousands of miles of county trails, 49 State Parks, 42 State recreational trails, and the renowned Ice Age National Scenic Trail. You can bring the whole family or head out for a quiet day outdoors. You'll see others walking or traveling by ATV, UTV, motorcycle, horse, and mountain bike!
RR: Being so far north, riders will find mild summer riding temperatures. When are the ideal times to plan a motorcycle tour?
Greg: For summer riding, we recommend May through September. Late September through October is ideal for fall riding.
RR: Give us a few great small Wisconsin towns to visit while on tour.
Greg: Port Washington, Two Rivers, Eagle River, Trempealeau, Prairie du Chien, Lake Geneva, Monroe, Baraboo, or Platteville—all beautiful small towns in Wisconsin!
Closer Subtitle Surrealism
by John Pasden in language
Everyone knows that in China piracy of American movies runs rampant. The USA acts all angry, and every now and then Beijing makes an attempt to do something about it in order to placate the WTO. Nothing new. I really couldn't care less about Hollywood's lost revenues. China's pirated DVDs do affect my life in other less expected ways, however.
New American releases are obtained as early as possible and mass-produced in China quickly and cheaply. The earlier an eagerly awaited Hollywood title hits the streets in DVD form, the quicker it will be snatched up by movie fans. It should come as no surprise, then, that the quality of translation of the Chinese subtitles for these DVDs can be less than reliable. I'd say that the translations for Chinese subtitles on DVDs fit into three categories:
Professional. These are usually obtained from an official source and are quite trustworthy. The Chinese is often natural and idiomatic. Hit and Miss. Whoever did the translation could understand a lot of the English dialogue and translate it with a degree of accuracy, but there are clearly some mistakes. Sometimes you can even tell what English word or phrase the translator thought they heard, based on the Chinese. This category can cause some confusion for Chinese viewers, but it's usually good enough overall to tell the story. WTF?! For some movies (often the earliest, fuzzy camcorder pirated editions) the “translator” clearly did nothing more than guess at what the people are saying based on visual clues. This can be pretty hilarious if you can understand the original dialogue as well as the Chinese, but it must be very frustrating for the average viewer relying on the Chinese subtitles.
OK, so this whole situation is kind of funny… except for the fact that it can ruin my movie experiences. Why? Because if I'm watching an American movie with my girlfriend, they read the subtitles. Conscientious boyfriend that I am, I can't help but do periodic translation checks to ensure that my girlfriend is getting a decent idea of what's going on. The more mistakes I notice, the more I pay attention to the subtitles so that I can clue them in on important dialogue. Often, before long I'm finding myself explaining the movie in Chinese instead of enjoying it. I guess I can live with that, though, since the movies cost $1 each.
But back to the absurdity of the whole thing. Can you imagine it? A Hollywood movie. The original dialogue has been chucked out the window, save for a few sturdy globs here and there. The rest of the dialogue has just been… made up. Fabricated. By some Chinese guy who's undoubtedly poorly paid and under a lot of pressure to get the subtitles done now. And I don't think I have to say that he's unlikely to have a strong education in Western culture. That's OK, they can still do subtitles for Western movies with themes ranging from terrorism to Catholic traditions to abnormal psychology. No problem.
The scary thing is that if he's any good, some Chinese viewers might not realize they've been swindled. They may have gotten an alternate version of the story — which shared the same visuals as the original — that was convincing enough that they think they understood it as it was meant to be understood. “I thought the reviews said something about brilliant social commentary,” they reflect for just a few moments after finishing the movie. “Those silly Americans….”
Well, I can do more than just make suppositions, in this case. I actually transcribed a scene from a Chinese DVD copy of the Oscar-nominated film Closer. I transcribed the original English dialogue, but I also translated the Chinese subtitles into English for comparison.
Dan's lines are in a rich blue. Alice's lines are in a dark pink. Since the Chinese subtitles are only a shadow of their English counterparts, Dan's lines translated from Chinese are in a lighter blue under the original, and Alice's lines translated from Chinese are in a lighter pink under the original. I have added a 汉 at the beginning of the translated-from-Chinese lines just to keep it as clear as possible. You'll find that it can be a little difficult keeping the parallel (occasionally intersecting) dialogues in your head at once.
(On the bus.) A: How did you end up writing obituaries?
汉A: What kinds of things do you like? D: Well, I had dreams of being a writer…
汉D: I like drinking beer. D: But I had no voice — what am I saying??
汉D: But I don't drink often. Also… D: …I had no talent. So I ended up in obituaries, which is…
汉D: I love singing. I can sing many songs. D: …the Siberia of journalism.
汉D: …including German folk songs. A: Tell me what you do. I wanna imagine you in Siberia.
汉A: I hope I'll have a chance to hear you sing. D: Really?
汉D: Really? A: Mm.
汉A: Mm. D: Well… we call it “the obits page.”
汉D: Well… we don't often sing. D: There's three of us. Me, Graham, and Harry.
汉D: Because everyone is really busy. D: When I get to work, without fail — are you sure you wanna know?
汉D: Especially when I'm working. Extremely busy. (She nods.) D: Well, if someone important died, we go to the “deep freeze.”
汉D: If someone died, we would sing the funeral hymn. D: Which is, um, a computer file with all the obituaries, and we find that person's life.
汉D: Although I rarely sing, singing is something I can't do without in my life. A: People's obituaries are written while they're still alive?
汉A: Do people like your singing? D: Some people's. Then Harry — he's the editor — they decide who we're going to lead with…
汉D: Some people. Sometimes we get invitations [to sing]. D: We make calls, we check facts…
汉D: Some are favors, some paid… D: At six we stand around at the computer and look at the next day's page…
汉D: We're all happy to do it; the money doesn't matter. It's great. D: …make final changes, add a few euphemisms for our own amusement…
汉D: It's a kind of addiction. But it's not like alcoholism. A: Such as?
汉A: D: “He was a convivial fellow.” …meaning they were an alcoholic.
汉D: I have a really strange friend. A homosexual. D: “He valued their privacy.” …gay. “Enjoyed their privacy” …raging queen.
汉D: But he's content with their lot in life. A: What would my euphemism be?
汉A: Guess what kind of person I am. D: “She was disarming.”
汉D: You're a cute girl. A: That's not a euphemism.
汉A: I'm not cute at all. D: Yes it is.
汉D: Yes, you are. (Some time passes…) D: What were you doing in New York?
汉D: What were you doing in New York? A: You know.
汉A: You know. D: Well, no, I don't… What, were you… studying?
汉D: No, I don't know. Are you… studying? A: Stripping.
汉A: Struggling. A: Look at your little eyes.
汉A: Your eyes are so pretty. D: I can't see my little eyes.
汉D: Your eyes are even prettier.
Impressive, no? For my own amusement, I have graphed the two dialogues below:
I should note that the whole movie was not this bad. This is a particularly WTF scene subtitle-wise. The subtitles of my copy of Closer are probably halfway between the WTF and Hit and Miss categories overall. Love stories are not so hard to figure out, but a relatively inconsequential bus ride with few context clues just unleashes the imagination of the “translator,” it would seem.
This example, I'm afraid, is by no means unrepresentative of the subtitle work provided by the hard-working DVD pirates. What are the ramifications of this? Well, it means every time I talk to a Chinese person about a movie we've seen separately, I feel a gap. Sure, we watched the same movie, but we may very well have experienced a somewhat different story. Exaggeration? Perhaps. But then again, maybe every scene of that movie was translated similarly to the scene above. You just don't know. Furthermore, until this situation changes, the average Chinese citizen's efforts at foreign film appreciation have been thoroughly sabotaged.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Share
In a stunning technological misstep, the U.S. Marshals Service has revealed the identities of dozens of potential bidders for the Silk Road seized Bitcoins. The names were accidentally Cc'ed, instead of Bcc'ed, in an email by the USMS meant to answer inquiries about the auction.
The classic error of hitting “reply all” without blind-carbon-copying the recipients has led to the revelation of around 40 parties who might be interested in bidding on the confiscated Bitcoins, worth a total of $18 million.
The entire list won't be presented in this article, but the names range from high-level executives at Bitcoin-related startups, to investment fund managers, to lawyers and artists. It's a diverse range of potential bidders, and it shows there's plenty of interest in buying the stash of digital currency.
A Bitcoin Auction Like No Other
Last week the Marshals Service announced that the agency would handle the auction of approximately 29,656 Bitcoins that were seized in October as part of the Silk Road bust. This is the money that was held in user accounts on the marketplace, some of whom sold legal products.
The USMS concocted a convoluted set of rules for potential bidders, including the division of the Bitcoin into ten different “blocks” — not to be confused with blockchain blocks — which will allow interested parties to bid on just a fraction of the total fortune. The agency also requires bidders to put down at least $200,000 as a deposit.
But now their ability to effectively handle the sale of such a large amount of Bitcoin is being called into question. If the agency is still committing the oldest mistake in the book when it comes to email, what are the odds that another error will be made when handling the transfer of multiple chunks of Bitcoin, each worth over a million dollars?
It remains to be seen whether the U.S. Marshals will be able to handle the auction efficiently, but the mistake of revealing potential bidders' identities does not bode well for the agency's technological aptitude.
Potential Bitcoin Bidders Now “Ripe for Targeted Hacks”
The consequences of this mistake are still having a ripple effect across the community, with speculation abound over the intentions of potential bidders. They include Barry Silbert and Michael Moro — both executives at SecondMarket, a company with $54 million in assets and a Bitcoin Investment Trust for wealthy backers — as well as Fred Ehrsam, co-founder of the Bitcoin merchant and payment processor Coinbase.
However, it's worth stressing that these are not actual bidders of the Silk Road Bitcoins, but rather people who were simply interested in getting more information. If some of these people do plan on bidding, we don't know if they want the coins for personal use, business use, or a mix of both.
One redditor even took to the Bitcoin subreddit on Thursday to remind people that the leaked list didn't represent actual bidders of the Silk Road Bitcoins — in fact, it didn't even represent intending bidders. They used themselves as an example:
I was on the email chain, and I could never hope to raise money for the deposit, let alone the millions required to bid on a whole block […] Boom. Now I'm on this list of suspected millionaires who are now ripe for targeted hacks, spam, and other malicious actions. Redditor hybridsole
Because of the U.S. Marshals' foolish error, dozens of innocent people — who might or might not actually be interested in bidding on the Bitcoins — are now being scrutinized by the entire Internet. It's a devastating violation of privacy, especially considering the millions of dollars in assets at stake.
Seizing the Opportunity
As mentioned already, two of the high-profile names on the leaked list are Barry Silbert and Michael Moro, CEO and director of SecondMarket, respectively. Instead of letting speculation get out of control, the executives are taking advantage of a bad situation and coming right out with their plans for the Silk Road Bitcoins.
According to an email sent to SecondMarket subscribers, the company “intends on participating in this auction and is allowing qualified customers to submit orders for aggregation into bids.” The minimum bid is being set at $50,000 — as opposed to the $200,000 minimum deposit that the USMS requires — and bidders in the SecondMarket auction will remain private as well.
Clearly, Silbert and Moro have been forced by the U.S. Marshals' email fiasco to reveal their plans immediately. SecondMarket is essentially going to host a “secondary” auction for the Silk Road Bitcoins, lowering the barrier to entry by around $150,000. It's an interesting development in the auction drama, and it should allow a greater variety of bidders to participate.
That is, of course, if the auction goes smoothly in the first place. The United States Marshals Service still needs to carry the whole thing out, and this writer's faith in the agency's technological ability has been severely diminished. If the USMS can't handle simple email correspondence, what hope does it have to perform multiple high-value Bitcoin transactions?
The virtual Easter egg has been around for more than three decades now. Coined -- as far as anyone can tell -- by Atari's Adventure, which was released in 1979, the virtual Easter egg is a hidden message or in-joke built into a computer program, icon, or video game. Apple has been playing along since the very beginning, building small Easter eggs into many of their most famous icons.
Earlier this week, Electricpig called attention to many of the secret messages hidden inside the icons, sparking a series of follow-up posts on other websites and blogs. But they got some things wrong -- "Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit Amet Etiam" is not Latin for "Hello world! Etcetera," but rather a Latin-esque string of nonsense that's been used as a placeholder by designers and editors for years -- and guessed on others: Does the Find My iPhone app actually show the location of Steve Jobs' Manhattan apartment in the San Remo building?
Here, we pulled together nine Apple Easter eggs that were definitely added to the icons on purpose and one that has been a mystery for years:
Apple's calculator icon displays the number 12374218.75. In putting this story together, I spent a considerable amount of time looking for an explanation, a reason this number is the default. It must mean something, right? All of Apple's other dates and icons have been carefully chosen. At least a dozen forums and message boards pose the question, but none seem to point to a definitive answer. One discussion on the official Apple support forum dates back to September 11, 2006: "Curious minds want to know... what is the significance of Calculator's icon having 12374218.75 as the number?" Any idea?
Update: After this article posted, Redditors offered up a potential solution. Steve Wozniak appears to have confirmed that they got it right.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Wikimedia Commons At least 48 Syrian soldiers and eight Iraqis died on Monday when they were ambushed inside Iraq, The Associated Press reports.
The circumstances indicate a blurred border between the countries and a decision by Iraq's Shiite government to support the Shiite regime of Bashar al-Assad.
The attack occurred after the Syrians crossed into Iraq for refuge when rebels seized the al-Yaroubiyah border crossing point in Iraq's northern province of Nineveh on Saturday.
On Saturday an Al-Arabiya correspondent reported that Iraqi forces opened fire across the Syrian border for the first time, shelling opposition positions near the crossing (called Rabia in Iraq) while snipers took up positions on buildings. (There were reports of shelling on Monday as well.)
The correspondent added that large reinforcements were being deployed by Baghdad near the Syrian borders.
"If this goes on, [Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri Kamal] al-Maliki's government is aligning itself with Iran and the Assad regime against the rest of the Middle East and the will of the Syrian people," told AP. "That is a huge gamble."
Iraqi forces closed the border crossing on Sunday and were accompanying the Syrian convoy back to Syria through the al-Waleed border crossing in the southern Anbar province when the ambush — a highly-coordinated assault involving bombs, gunfire, and rocket-propelled grenades — erupted.
Iraqi officials blame al-Qaeda in Iraq (AQI) — the Sunni militant group that has sent veteran fighters and financing to the radical Sunni rebel group Jabhat al-Nusra— which would suggest a lot of communication between AQI and rebels if true.
"In that region, the tribes go right across the Syrian border, and most of the people are related by blood," Syria expert Joshua Landis told The New York Times. "They're in one common struggle."
Last week al-Maliki told the AP that "the most dangerous thing" would be a rebel military victory because it would lead to "a civil war in Lebanon, divisions in Jordan and a sectarian war in Iraq."
We noted that Maliki's stark words may have been part of an attempt to protect the Shiite Crescent i.e. the geographical link between Shiites in power from Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, and Syria.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW ORLEANS (WGNO) - Another large chunk of roadway opened up in New Orleans today – the third one in less than a week.
Officials with the city's Sewerage and Water Board said the latest sinkhole happened at 800 Taft Place in Mid-City. They said work to repair the hole will begin tomorrow if weather permits.
The first sinkhole formed Thursday on Constantinople Street between Tchoupitoulas and the Mississippi River after heavy rains. Sewerage and Water Board spokesperson Robert Jackson said crews have filled the sinkhole and repaired the water and drainage lines under the road.
Now, they're just waiting on favorable weather to backfill the hole and pour the asphalt.
Friday afternoon, another gaping hole opened up on Canal Street near Harrah's Casino. It happened on top of an inactive underground tunnel.
That sinkhole, according to Mayor Mitch Landrieu, will cost $3 million - $5 million and could take up to six months to fix.
Brock Osweiler was built to play in Broncos' coach Gary Kubiak's system. The 6-foot-8, 240-pound stout, yet mobile, quarterback has been patiently waiting on the bench behind Peyton Manning, and is scheduled to make their first career start Sunday at Chicago.
Osweiler's chance also is likely an opportunity to see Kubiak's offense as the Broncos' head coach intended to run it.
The play action pass is the staple of the offense, except Denver hasn't had much success with it all season. The blame is multi-faceted. Play-action plays thrive when there is a threat of a running game or the quarterback taking off.
Denver hasn't had either.
Enter Osweiler, whose mobility might add a threat opposing defenses haven't faced much this season.
“You see Brock yesterday. They moved around, made some great plays, made some guys miss,” Kubiak said Monday. “Every player has their abilities and their strengths, but we've got to run our scheme better regardless.”
Osweiler's best skills, a strong arm, quick feet and elusiveness, could fit Kubiak's designs well.
Kubiak had a quarterback of a similar stature in Baltimore last season with 6-6 Joe Flacco, who was coming off their worst season, 19 touchdowns and 22 interceptions in 2013. Kubiak arrived as offensive coordinator, and under their tutelage Flacco had career highs in passing yards and touchdowns.
Osweiler, getting ready to make their first NFL start, has a long way to go to match the veteran Flacco, but they fit the mold of the quarterback Kubiak likes to run their offense, one with a big arm and mobility.
The last time Osweiler stepped on the field as a starter, they threw a 78-yard pass to Andre Caldwell down the seam for a touchdown in the Broncos' preseason finale against Arizona. That's the sort of big play the Broncos have been missing this season.
Kubiak said for this week, and however long it takes for Manning to heal, their message to Osweiler was that the Broncos “are all yours.”
“You practice new things and then you discuss what you like about it, what you don't like about it and just move forward from there,” Osweiler said.
Look for Kubiak to use Osweiler on bootleg plays, something Manning struggled to run.
“There are some things a mobile guy can do that a guy that can continually stand in the pocket can't, ” tight end Vernon Davis said.
Cameron Wolfe: 303-954-1891, cwolfe@denverpost.com or @CameronWolfe
[callout]UPDATE: I felt a need to add further clarification on this particular article, which I have found to have influenced people in various ways.
First of all, this article is a part of a series on the Screwtape Letters by C.S. Lewis and when I came to this particular “letter,” I tried to make sense of it in a modern context. I may have failed in my commentary and that I take full responsibility for; I will leave that judgement to you, the reader.
Secondly, to provide further context on a personal level, I have been a part of a parish for about six years and have assisted in its transformation. In particular, from a more “traditional” point of view, I helped establish a monthly Tridentine Mass, encouraged the pastor to celebrate Mass “ad orientem,” use the communion rail that is in our church and helped establish a choir that sings more Latin than ever. None of this was there before I started to attend the church. Now, I am not saying that ALL of it is due to me, however, I did initiate the discussion after feeling that that was what God wanted me to do. I say all of this to illustrate the fact that renewal is possible within a parish setting. HOWEVER, one must carefully discern what a person is called to do and what responsibilities he/she has. If you are not in a place of influence and you deem it necessary to move to a different parish based on the state of your soul and the souls of your children, then you MUST do so. We must follow our conscience and so I apologize if I made too many assumptions and judgements in my article that it did not come across.
Last of all, I do want to warn against a particular “holier than thou” attitude that can make a parish into a “faction” or “club” and is related to C.S. Lewis' first point. What happens is that we can very easily cut ourselves off from the world and condemn everyone to Hell, except for the parish we are at, because we “do things right.” We are all called to holiness and we are all at different points in the journey. Some are farther along than others. I know that I am much farther behind than most of you.
In the end, please forgive me if I have done any wrong writing this article.
– Philip Kosloski[/callout]
All across America, Catholics are accustomed to “shop” around for the “best” parish that suits their particular tastes. The criteria for the “best” parish might be based on a whole host of variables, such as the liturgy, preaching or fidelity to the truth.
[featured-image single_newwindow=”false”]Fr. Karol Wojtyla at the country parish church in Niegowic[/featured-image]
Surprisingly this is exactly what the devil wants us to do.
Screwtape divulges two principal reasons why the devil encourages us to go “all over the neighbourhood looking for the church that ‘suits' [us] until [we become] a taster or connoisseur of churches” ( The Screwtape Letters , 81, emphasis added).
1. The Local Parish Church Unifies People of Every Class and Background
“In the first place the parochial organisation should always be attacked, because, being a unity of place and not of likings, it brings people of different classes and psychology together in the kind of unity the Enemy[God] desires. [On the other hand, choosing which church to attend] makes each church into a kind of club, and finally, if all goes well, into a coterie or faction.” (81, emphasis added).
Prior to Vatican II, Catholics were instructed that they needed to attend Mass and receive all their sacraments at the parish closest to them. This was called “parish boundaries” and although they still exist and are a part of Canon Law, Catholics are no longer held bound to them and can be registered at any parish that they choose. We are free to attend Mass wherever we want and have our children baptized in whatever church we please.
The downside to this freedom is that parishes are no longer places that include “everyone in the neighborhood.” Instead, parishes have become “clubs” or “factions.” One parish might be labeled “liberal” and another “conservative.” Often this has to do with the parish priest, but that only holds water for so long. Parish priests are always moved. Even if a parish priest isn't moved for 30 years, another priest succeeds them who is not the same person. The parishioners at every parish will outlive the pastor and are always responsible for forming the general “culture” of the parish. We are meant to evangelize and sometimes that means evangelizing our fellow parishioner.
In the end, God desires unity and not fragmentation.
2. Parish Shopping Makes us “Critics” Instead of Disciples
“In the second place, the search for a ‘suitable' church makes the man a critic where the Enemy[God] wants them to be a pupil. What He[God] wants of the layperson in church is an attitude which may, indeed, be critical in the sense of rejecting what is false or unhelpful, but which is wholly uncritical in the sense that it does not appraise–does not waste time in thinking about what it rejects, but lays itself open in uncommenting, humble receptivity to any nourishment that is going….That attitude, especially during sermons, creates the condition (most hostile to our whole policy) in which platitudes can become really audible to a human soul” (82, emphasis added).
No parish priest is perfect. This upsets many of us (I often forget about this way too often) and we often criticize them for not preaching the Gospel in the particular way we desire. Or we may be scandalized that they do not celebrate Mass in the exact manner that we prefer. Or, as Screwtape puts it, “The real fun is working up hatred between those who say ‘mass' and those who say ‘holy communion‘” (84). We end up with an “us” versus “them” point of view where we hate Catholics (and priests) who don't align with our point of view.
As a note, there are correct ways to do certain things (especially the Mass) and we should strive to follow the Church's guidelines. However, what the devil wants us to do is to completely shun our local parish priest. A better option, one more pleasing to our Heavenly Father, is to pray for them (and their ongoing conversion).
I am not suggesting that we should be “OK” with a watered-down version of the truth or that we should all hold hands and sing kumbaya around the altar. What I (and C.S. Lewis) am I proposing is that we should rethink our search for an “ideal” parish and focus our attention more on evangelization and transformation, instead of fragmentation and isolation.
***As a note, please read the comments below for some further discussion and clarification on the subject.
Read the Entire Series
————-
We are into the final round of season 2017, and what a great time to look at the fixture that awaits us and see how those matchups would look if just a few things had broken a bit differently. Join us as we journey into the football multiverse and explore what might have been.
First up, the table below is the usual HPN team ratings.
We just want to note here first of all that Brisbane are currently, adjusted for opponent defensive strength (they don't get to play themselves after all and they have a terrible defence) the best offence in the comp. That is, they have scored more per inside-50, adjusted for opponent, than any other side this year. What a weird season.
The top 8 here is the actual current top 8; bar Essendon being very slightly behind West Coast. In all likelihood the Bombers will make finals unless the Eagles can beat the Crows and jump either a losing Melbourne or Essendon via a loss or vaulting them on percentage.
The HPN team ratings over the year would expect to see the Swans in the top 4, we don't need to rehash why that hasn't happened. Geelong being outside the top 4 is about to be a recurring theme on our journey, alluded to in the title of the post.
So let's go with some hypothetical ladders, from alternate universes:
What if every losing team had scored another goal?
Below is what the ladder would look like if every losing team had scored another goal, reversing a lot of results. We haven't recalculated percentages but current percentages have been included as a guide:
The Tigers, who have been on the wrong side of a number of storied narrow defeats, would sit half a game clear heading into the final round, and they and Adelaide would have had the top two spots sewn up weeks ago. In this universe, Damien Barrett is floating the prospect of Richmond and Adelaide tanking to try to avoid GWS or Sydney and play Port Adelaide instead.
Down in tenth would sit Geelong, out of contention in finals as they rued last minute losses to Fremantle, Hawthorn, Port Adelaide and North Melbourne.
The current North Melbourne vs Brisbane Spoonbowl would instead see the Lions trying to jump Fremantle and yet again escape a wooden spoon.
What if we could bloody kick straight?
A simplistic and somewhat inaccurate measure of luck is scoring shot conversion. All things being equal, the expectation is that inaccuracy or accuracy regresses to the mean over time. Figuring Footy has done some wonderful work fleshing this out by adding scoring expectations, but for this exercise, let's assume everyone coverts scoring shots at the same rate.
Port Adelaide now sit top 2, their accuracy having secured them wins over West Coast and Richmond at the cost of a loss to St Kilda. The Saints, naturally, make the 8 on this measure, as do a Hawthorn presumably not hobbled by Will Langford's set shots.
The teams dumped from the finals, assuming everyone kicked straight, are Sydney (who would hypothetically still remain in contention this week), and Essendon (who would be long gone). The Bombers crash to 40 points, sitting well out of finals, thanks to draws with Hawthorn and the Bulldogs and losses to Geelong and Collingwood. This would be compensated only by the cold comfort of having beaten Brisbane, in an ever fading “revenge for the 2001 Grand Final” type manner.
We should note that that shot quality produced and conceded differs by team. Sydney for instance have conceded the equal 2nd-lowest quality chances (they've done similar for a few years) and Port Adelaide take a lot of low quality chances so it's not surprising they're kicking a higher number of behinds per goals.
Essendon generate and concede scoring shots of roughly average quality, so they're probably more likely to have benefited from something approaching pure luck in scoring shot accuracy terms.
What if everyone only played each other once?
In this world, the season is 17 games long and starts in May or has time off for representative clashes or something. Or, as it is looking more likely, is the front half of a 17-5 type scenario.
Below we've compiled the first result this year for every clash, ignoring double-up return games. We've also assumed the upcoming weekend of matches is Round 17, and excluded any previous clashes between teams playing this week (eg the previous GWS-Geelong draw is omitted).
Here, we see teams down to Collingwood still in distant contention for finals, the Pies apparently having been bad in return games this year. They, here, need to beat Melbourne and rely on unlikely losses by those above them.
The top 8 hasn't changed, and West Coast are still relying on beating Adelaide, but in this world the Crows need to win to lock down a top two spot while Richmond will know whether top 4 is up for grabs by Saturday night.
In a 17-5 world, the entire bottom six would have been long settled, with these clubs facing little to play for (assuming the points are reset for the final five matches). Additionally, the top 3 would have also faced several weeks of near meaningless footy before the split. If the points aren't reset in this 17-5 world, several teams would have several more dead rubbersin the last few weeks of the season, and there would be a decent chance that 7th, 8th and maybe 9th would finish with more wins than 5th and 6th.
These are just some of the reasons that the 17-5 proposal is not a good thought bubble – we promise to look at more of them later down the track.
What if teams won exactly as many games as they “should” have?
Now we're stepping into the realm of abstract footy geometry, where the laws of football premiership ladder physics such as “you can only win whole games” no longer apply.
Each year we run an analysis of the footy fixture's imbalance incorporating a Pythagorean Expectation assessment of team strength as well as straight wins and losses. Pythagorean Expectation tell us how many games a team “should” have won based on their scores for and against. It's probably best thought of as a quantification of the intuition that teams with a higher percentage are better. It's another measure of luck, and tends to punish teams who only win by small margins. We used the method to help project the 2017 ladder as well and it had Hawthorn finishing 12th.
Here, we've used it to work out how far over or under each team in 2017 is from the expectations created by their scoring. That ladder is below.
Finally, we have a ladder which doesn't put Brisbane last. Fremantle look like they've won three more games than they should have, and on Pythagorean expectations might be expected to have won just the five games this year. Spoonbowl in this world happened already and Freo lost.
Our current top eight remains the top eight in the Pythagorean ideal world.
Port Adelaide, by virtue of the extreme flat track tendencies we documented last week, appear in this universe to have won an extra 1.5 games, while Sydney also sit a game and probably percentage inside the top 4, their early season weakness reduced to the abstraction of a slightly dampened balance of scores for-and-against.
But of course there's one final source of luck.
What if the fixture was completely fair?
Here, we've stuck with Pythagorean expectations but used it to work out the impact, in fractions of a win, of the uneven fixture.
The fixture in an 18 team, 22 game seasons is impossible to make fair, but in our final bizarre universe, it's what's happened.
Each team's “expected wins impact” is the difference between the strength of their opponent sets (including double-ups) and what would be expected to happen if they played everyone the same number of times (ie, the average of every other team's strength).
We're still in “fractions of a win” territory here, but the table below is interesting.
At the top of the ladder, Adelaide and GWS have faced difficult fixtures and would be expected to do even better if they faced the same strength teams as everyone else.
In this universe where wins come in fractions and the fixture is impossibly fair, St Kilda jump into the 8 by a full one third of a win thanks to a fair fixture, at the expense of the Bombers. West Coast still sit 9th, while the Bulldogs lurk closer to the eight than they do in reality, a win over the Hawks potentially enough to get them into the finals.
This ladder tells us that the teams most benefited by a soft fixture this season is Gold Coast, Richmond, North Melbourne, and Essendon, to the tune of about half a win each. We've noted Richmond's bad luck with close games above, but perhaps this is balanced by having benefited from the softer draw they got as a bottom-6 team last year.
Advertisements
By Will Grice
Over the last few years coffee has undergone a revolution. With greater access to fresh beans and a reemergence of coffee shop culture, people around the world are turning their backs on bland instant coffee, instead opting for new and innovative ways to brew their morning cup of Joe.
While V60s, Aeropresses, cafetieres and espresso machines are widely regarded as the staple ways of brewing a delicious cup of coffee, Royal Paris have turned to a slightly more unusual brewing technique with their latest coffee maker. Using a siphon system first seen in the 1850s when the King of Hungary wowed their guests with an innovative system that used gravity and pressure to brew the hot beverage, the brand's Royal Coffee Maker utilizes the traditional technique with amazing results.
Freshly ground beans are first loaded into the crystal carafe before water is added to the water tank. The tank is then gradually heated allowing the liquid to rise, filling the carafe and simultaneously brewing the coffee. Once the water tank is taken away from the flame, the coffee shoots back along the metal piping and back into the initial tank, leaving the user with a delicately brewed cup of coffee.
While the siphon system is definitely one of the most interesting parts of the Royal Coffee Maker, it certainly does not overshadow the machine's luxurious design. The water tank is handmade in 24-karat gold or silver, with a crystal carafe and semi-precious stone base finishing off this beautiful bit of kit.
Each piece one takes 50 hours to make, with Royal Paris only producing eight bespoke sets a month. Making this the most exclusive coffee machine in the world.
The Royal Coffee Maker is priced between $10,000 and $18,000. For more information please visit royalcoffeemaker.com
With the cars expected to be up to five seconds per lap quicker than in 2016 thanks to the increased downforce, drivers are set to be pushed harder inside the cockpit.
The different demands mean drivers will need to become stronger, something Red Bull racer Ricciardo says they are looking forward to.
"For me it's going to be more fun personally because we're doing a bit more strength training," said Ricciardo. "I kind of enjoy it.
"Last year and the past few years you do training to keep your weight down, a lot of long endurance but not high intensity to put muscle on.
"So it's in a way, the training we've done is a little bit more boring where I think now we can push harder in training, afford to put on muscle and things like this. It'll be challenging but a bit more rewarding."
The Australian admitted the final part of the season had been tough for them physically after more than 20 races, which is why they reckon the late start to testing in 2017 is positive.
"In a way it's quite nice the testing is late. That gives us a good chance to physically get a bit more time for ourselves to train," they said.
"That's one thing with such a long season, a lot of races during the year, you don't get a whole lot of time to train physically as well as you'd like. You get a day here or there. You don't really get a week of proper training, very rarely.
"I'm actually excited to get nearly two months of real training outside the car before we test, so I think that uninterrupted period will be quite nice."
Additional reporting by Jonathan Noble
Dead Set: Zombies vs. Reality Stars Posted by Melissa Locker on October 25th
We've saved the best for last during our annual Indie Screams festival. At midnight tonight we will start unveiling British import Dead Set one episode at a time. Tune in each night at midnight to watch the dead cause mayhem and murder in the streets of England. Then as a special trick or treat on Halloween, you can spend your day locked inside with a homemade flamethrower and an unlucky housemate (a.k.a. zombie fodder) and watch the entire mini-series beginning at 7 p.m. ET.
In Dead Set, we finally get an answer to the age old question of what would happen if the zombie invasion happened during the taping of reality television show. The show begins as cast members from Big Brother start to realize that their housemate elimination ceremony is not the biggest drama out there. Seems the television-viewing audience is too busy fending off zombies to tune in.
But when facing down the undead or reality television stars, who is scarier? A face-eating zombie or Frenchy from Rock of Love? We make an analysis:
At least zombies don't spit on you, unlike these contestants from VH1's I Love Money who are participating in the Spit Olympics. Um, zombies aren't animals, okay?
Kody from TLC's Sister Wives has skeeved out a nation with their lifestyle AND hairstyle. They seem to do nothing but impregnate their many wives, say creepy things and mousse their hair. Zombies would never bother with mousse.:
Zombies don't make out on national television, unlike the housemates of Big Brother. You're mother is watching, young lady!:
Zombies just eat your brains, they don't throw a table at you like Bravo's Real Housewives of New Jersey:
At least zombies won't give you stripping lessons (or the herpes) like the girls from VH1's Rock of Love:
As Entertainment Weekly's Dalton Ross explains, “For anyone who has yearned to see Big Brother contestants devoured by a pack of flesh-eating zombies–and honestly, who hasn't?–I give you Dead Set.” And with behavior like this, we definitely Team Zombie.
The first episode of Dead Set airs tonight at midnight eastern time.
Police took four teenaged boys into custody late Sunday in connection with the assault of two gay men in Arnhem. The victims were holding hands walking home from a party early Sunday morning when they were confronted by a group of young men shouting slurs at them.
They were then struck by a man wielding a heavy set of bolt cutters, kocking out four of Ronnie Sewratan-Vernes' teeth and severing their lip, and injuring the ribs of Jasper Vernes-Sewratan. The two say they usually conceal their relationship in public, but were holding hands after a fun night out.
All four arrested are from Arnhem, including a 14-year-old and three 16-year-olds. They join two who were held by police right after the attack, another 14-year-old boy and a man, aged 20.
Netherlands leaders condemn brutal assault of LGBT couple
The attack drew condemnation from several leading politicians in the Netherlands, including Prime Minister Mark Rutte, D66 leader Alexander Pechtold, and GroenLinks boss Jesse Klaver.
D66 leader Alexander Pechtold and party member Wouter Koolmees arrived hand in hand at the negotiations on the formation of a new Dutch government on Monday. They were holding hands to show support for a gay couple who was attacked in Arnhem over the weekend, Het Parool reports.
Journalist Barbara Barend started this action with a tweet calling on all men in the Netherlands to hold hands in public, to show support. Jasper Vernes-Sewratan and Ronnie Sewratan-Vernes were attacked and beaten up by a group of young men early on Sunday morning as they were walking home from a party, holding hands.
LGBT interest organization COC wrote a letter to Edith Schippers calling for the next government to give combating violence against gays and lesbians 'top priority'. "Getting roughed up because you love each other is too horrible for words", COC said in the letter. The organization calls for more severe punishments for anti-LGBT violence and more information classes at schools to prevent violence.
Pechtold "absolutely" agrees with the COC call, they said to Het Parool.
According to VVD leader Mark Rutte, combating LGBT violence should always be a priority, regardless of whether a new government formation is going on. "This should be a top priority anyway. Terrible what happened", they said.
GroenLinks leader Jesse Klaver agreed that stopping violence against LGBT people should always get attention. They called it "ludicrous" that there "are still people who think they should attack people" because of whom they or they like. "That is bizarre, that's just not normal and it does not fit in the Netherlands", they said, according to the newspaper.
17 accused of Medicare fraud
A Glendale doctor and a San Marino pharmacist are among those charged with being part of a Medicare fraud ring that repeatedly billed the government for the same pills.
The medications favored by the ring were anti-psychotic drugs, such as Seroquel and Zyprexa, for which Medicare pays pharmacies up to $2,800 a bottle.
The runners would fill the prescriptions at pharmacies using the stolen Medicare cards and then funnel the drugs back to other pharmacies involved in the scheme, the complaint alleges. Those pharmacies would then repackage, relabel and dispense the drugs, often — again — to ring members using stolen Medicare cards, the complaint says.
Using stolen or illegally obtained Medicare beneficiary cards, members of the ring known as "runners" would obtain prescriptions for expensive drugs from Kenneth Wayne Johnson, a Glendale physician, according to a criminal complaint unsealed Thursday in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles.
A physician, a pharmacist and 15 others have been charged with bilking Medicare and Medi-Cal out of millions of dollars in an elaborate prescription drug fraud that resulted in the government paying over and over for the same pills.
The 17 defendants, including Johnson and Phic Lim, the owner of Huntington Pharmacy in San Marino, are accused of billing the Centers for Medicare and Medical Services for $7.3 million in drugs that were prescribed and dispensed in the names of beneficiaries who never used them. Medicare officials said actual losses to the program were much higher.
Officials said that it was the first time the government had broken up a psychiatric drug recycling ring, but that such scams are on the rise because the value of such drugs makes them tempting fraud targets.
"This goes way beyond just a problem medical provider," Peter Budnetti, a Medicare deputy administrator, said in an interview Thursday. "This is organized. The allegations in this situation speak to a much broader kind of activity that sweeps a lot of people into it."
The drug recycling ring collected the identities of Medicare beneficiaries in two ways: some were stolen; others were purchased from poor and elderly Medicare and Medi-Cal recipients, the complaint alleges.
The Medicare identification numbers were then submitted to Johnson, who wrote the prescriptions, prosecutors alleged in court documents.
The scheme came to light when Medicare beneficiaries noticed that medications that they didn't use were being prescribed in their names. They alerted authorities in 2007, a year after the federal government launched Medicare Part D, the prescription drug benefit portion of the national health program.
Medicare officials in Washington said the scheme was one of the biggest and most sophisticated examples of the fraud that has plagued the nation's prescription drug program since its inception.
Fifteen alleged members of the ring were arrested Thursday and scheduled to appear in court. A 16th reputed ring member already was in custody on a separate fraud case, and a 17th person remained at large.
lisa.girion@latimes.com
Part Three: If you build it, they will come.
Ever since I can remember, I have loved using level editors. I got my start before I was even a teenager building Lode Runner levels on the Vic 20, by my mid twenties I was making levels in UnrealEd to play with friends, and my first game industry job was as a level designer. The game level editor was at least as important to my personal creative development as was the word processor. I believe a good level editor can be as engaging and entertaining as a game itself and - when combined with a great game - has the potential to create a positive feedback loop between playing and creating. This is important if you believe - as I do - that playing and creating are fundamentally the same thing.
But designing and building level editors is hard. On one hand, you want to give players unchecked freedom to design and build any environment they can imagine, from a space station to an African savanna to the Eiffel Tower, or even all of these things at once. Conversely, you also want player created environments to play well within the context of your game. Designing a level editor that connects creators who want to express themselves with players who want tightly designed levels is a challenge I believe can be overcome by making level building into a game itself.
The first time I saw a screenshot of the isometric grid of flowerbeds and fences, cornfields and cattle that we call Farmville, I was stricken with clammy-skinned flashbacks of Floaters and Chrysalids. I needed to know where 'Sniper' Sato was, and who was packing the Blaster Launcher. But regardless of superficial similarities, Farmville is nothing like X-Com. Farmville is essentially a level building game, and X-Com is a game that needs an unending stream of new levels. What a match.
Farmville affords player expression through the design of farms, and a forum for sharing those expressions with others. The actual gameplay of Farmville is either shoddy, evil or non-existent depending on your worldview. X-Com, by contrast, is a hardcore, single-player strategy game in which players express themselves through the way they confront the game challenges. The forum they have for sharing that expression is non-existent (but at least it's not evil).
One of the amazing achievements of X-Com is that it uses a procedural 'level assembler' to construct appropriate levels on demand, offering an infinite variety of terrain in which players battle to repel the alien invasion of Earth. Underlying this 'assembler' are simple rules which determine what makes a valid level. Farmville farms, by contrast, are player generated. Because Farmville explicitly rewards time spent with experience and profit, many Farmville farms are rigorously optimized with dense fields of high-yield crops. But because Farmville is also a platform for socialization and expression, there is also an incredible variety of farms that reject progression entirely; from eclectic need-one-of-everything collections, to idyllic pastoral scenes where some kind of virtual Feng Shui reigns.
In order to give players the feeling of scope required by an X-Com game, a modern remake must confront a difficult challenge. Building an entire planet worth of content by hand is not feasible. Procedural generation risks feeling wooden, and lacking in creative flourish. Relying simply on user generation risks undercutting serious themes with an overwhelming percentage of penis-shaped levels. But a game that incentivizes players to make appropriate X-Com levels can potentially solve this problem.
A casual game for mobile devices or the web that puts players in the role of Mayor, Farmer, or Ranger, and gives them the tools to build all the urban, rural and wilderness landscapes needed, while explicitly rewarded their time spent with experience and profit would quickly generate the needed content. Adding another reward axis selecting for designer-defined 'appropriateness' would lead to player created maps suitable for playing X-Com in. Those maps could then be published to the cloud and pulled down by the game on demand. These casual players cum level designers would be rewarded with experience, gifts, rare items and prestige for designing X-Com appropriate environments. Friend management, sharing, and publish/subscribe tools would begin to bridge the sadly widening gulf between two important groups of players.
It's been almost twenty years since X-Com and an entire generation of similarly hardcore games excluded a mass-market gaming audience a hundred times the size of the audience they chose to service. Today, the pendulum is swinging the other way. The casual revolution - as exemplified by Farmville - is excluding the hardcore gamer. It doesn't need to be this way. We do not have to accept the cynical segregation of diverse audiences when the technology exists today to unite us. By linking our games, we create new domains in which all kinds of players can create, co-operate, compete, collaborate, and ultimately converge.
Before the rise of social media, in the mid-aughts, the self-taken photograph was a largely private genre. The images, usually overexposed and out of focus owing to the difficulty of taking self-facing photographs without a viewfinder, typically remained on cameras and hard drives. But as social-media sites requiring a profile picture gained popularity, so, too, did the self-taken photograph.
From 2006 to 2009, the term “MySpace pic” described an amateurish, flash-blinded self-portrait, often taken in front of a bathroom mirror. Self-portraits shot with cell phones, or “selfies”—cheap-looking, evoking the MySpace era—became a sign of bad taste.
Part of the élitist frisson of Facebook, launched in 2004, was that many users found it superior to MySpace as a matter of both technology and taste. If one of the defining forms of self-representation on MySpace was the blurry bathroom selfie, set against a page decorated with graffiti and flashing graphics, Facebook profile photos—on a starched-white and Ralph Lauren-blue background—announced a clean, well-lit model of orderly selfhood. The MySpace selfie suggested a striptease (many men posed with their shirts off, directing attention to their torso); Facebook profile photos were generally proper—even preppy—in focus, and well lit.
The Facebook imperative to present oneself in crisp focus wasn't just aesthetic—it had social implications as well. Owing to cameras' technological limitations, a well-focussed photograph was typically taken from at least three feet away, by another person. This declared social belonging, even if the picture was snapped by someone who was not close to you and had been cropped to display only your face. (The viewer was reassured that you were not alone by the telltale jutting angle of your clavicle as your arms reached out to wrap around your friends' shoulders.) It was also important to periodically include other people in profile photos, signifying a robust portfolio of friends. On Facebook, everyone appeared to have friends.
Facebook became not just a social network but a means of proving one's social reach. Posed group photographs, tagged pictures, and friend counts were signifiers of social net worth, and a sign of healthy participation in the digital world. As Facebook rose to prominence, so did its model of what it meant to interact online. The subject of the MySpace bathroom selfie—with its tableaux of bathroom counter, mirror, face, and upper body—always looked alone. Selfies were for people without friends; the savvy moved on to more advanced networks.
By the time Facebook surpassed MySpace's traffic, in 2009, selfies seemed doomed to marginalization. But a key technological advance occurred a year later: a front-facing camera was built into the iPhone 4. These cameras are now embedded in the face of practically every smartphone and tablet, which means that you can take a self-portrait while looking at the screen, allowing for perfect framing and focus. These days, selfies can look as polished and crisp as posed group shots, and no longer require a mirror or an awkwardly contorted hand.
So now the selfie is back, as evidenced by the heavy volume of them posted by teen-agers, who document everything from new hairstyles to new shoes to no particular occasion at all. (“Cooling” is a common caption among teens for a photo of oneself simply sitting.) Celebrities like Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Justin Bieber, and Lady Gaga post selfies, maintaining visual diaries for their millions of followers. People take selfies in public, posing everywhere and in every which way.
New software has also contributed to the selfie renaissance. For teen-age social-media users, who generally prefer on-the-go mobile applications, like Instagram and Snapchat, the self is the message and the selfie are the medium. The Instagram selfie, with its soft, artfully faded tones, has replaced the stern, harshly lit mug-shot style of years past. The small, square photo, displayed on one's phone, invites the photographer and the viewer to form a personal connection. There is little space on Instagram for delivering context or depicting a large group of people; the confines of the app make single subjects more legible than complex scenes. A face in an Instagram photograph, filtered to eliminate any glare or unflattering light, appears star-like, as if captured by a deft paparazzo.
The newest, most popular modern form of mobile representation is Vine, an application from Twitter that allows users to record and post six-second video montages on an infinite loop. These clips are long enough to depict motion, but too short to reveal much beyond the video's central subject. A new version of Vine, launched this past April, included a self-facing video setting. It was heavily promoted by the Twitter founder Jack Dorsey's first Vine selfies, which have become a semi-iconic, persistent series. In Dorsey's videos, they stand still while the world moves behind him, captured in infinite loop. Wearing sunglasses and headphones, they appear at once immediately present, filling half the frame, and distant, absorbed in filming, like an auteur in control of the picture.
Dorsey's Vines suggest that the selfie has come full circle, from a sign of the subject's marginality to a sign of their or their social-media importance. In these videos, Dorsey is the center of the universe. Isn't that, perhaps, what social media has been saying to us all along?
_Kate Losse writes about the culture of technology and is the author of “The Boy Kings,” a book about their time working at Facebook, from 2005 to 2010.
_
Teach for America, well known for recruiting high-achieving college graduates to teach in urban and rural areas for two years, has expanded to 48 regions, built an alumni base of 32,000 and piled up $350 million in assets.
Now, as the school year begins, it's planting seeds to grow further -- but not without controversy and intrigue.
Advertisement:
Though the plans are still in the works, TFA is approaching an agreement with the University of Minnesota in which the university's College of Education and Human Development would offer TFA teachers special coursework during their time in the program. For TFA, the partnership would provide an extra source of support beyond its standard five-week summer prep. For the college, it's an opportunity to enroll scores of new students.
For everyone else, it's a lightning rod.
In June, more than 300 students, faculty and teachers signed a letter arguing that the partnership would weaken the integrity of the college's teacher preparation and exacerbate racial inequity in the region. “We believe that this partnership offers unearned legitimacy to a significantly flawed and powerful force in education,” they wrote, “one which sends underprepared teachers into communities of students already often marginalized by the education system.” Soon after, 30 of 36 faculty from the Department of Curriculum and Instruction, the school's main source of teacher training, voted to oppose the partnership.
Not going through with it, though, would be just as unpopular. Behind its public image, TFA anchors a political empire that enmeshes policymakers, universities and school districts — and crowds out dissent.
Nationally, TFA's mission has evolved from filling teacher shortages in underserved areas to hiring out recruits based on their teaching effectiveness (an endlessly debated subject) and building “a growing movement of leaders.” Its growth parallels its entrenchment in the movement to replace district schools with charter schools and peg teachers' jobs to their students' standardized test scores. Not only does it get tens of millions in funding from corporations and foundations that promote this style of reform, but its alumni are founders, leaders or board members of more than 40 charter, advocacy and training groups. In 2007, its partner 501(c)4, Leadership for Educational Equity, was formed to help fund and train alumni to enter political office and other positions of leadership; its resources and biggest names slant toward market-oriented reform.
Locally, TFA's connections serve as incubators for growth. On its website, it states, “We seek to expand to communities where our presence can be sustained over time through the support of private and public funding sources. These funds help us maintain a regional team that provides ongoing professional development and instructional coaching for our corps members and support to our growing alumni base.”
Advertisement:
TFA's most visible stronghold is Louisiana, where the state superintendent is a TFA alum, the organization's New Orleans regional director sits on the board that approves TFA's contract, and New Orleans' post-Katrina charter school explosion means easier entry for less experienced teachers. Though the Twin Cities host one of TFA's newest and smallest corps, a supportive climate makes it ripe for expansion.
Minnesota ranks at or near the bottom in graduation rates for black, Latino and Native students — a pretext for policymakers to close dozens of district schools and expand charter schools. Between 2000 and 2010, charter slots grew from 1,529 to 10,895 in Minneapolis, and from 3,721 to 8,339 in St. Paul.
This trend shows little sign of stopping. The Minneapolis-based Charter School Partners calls for the creation of 20 new charters over the next five years and, in its “Charter 2.0” plan, an accelerated process for approving them. The region is home to a densely connected network of like-minded reformers: TFA's national co-CEO, Matt Kramer, heads 50CAN, a national network that promotes charter schools and high-stakes testing; their brother, Eli Kramer, runs Hiawatha Academies, a prominent charter network and TFA partner; Daniel Sellers, former director of TFA–Twin Cities, is now the director of the Minnesota chapter of 50CAN, MinnCAN; University of Minnesota president Eric Kaler is co-chair of the Twin Cities' Generation Next, a council “dedicated to educational excellence” that represents community organizations, schools, businesses and foundations—some of which have financial ties to TFA.
With the existence of this network, TFA alum and StudentsFirst CEO Michelle Rhee told Minnesota Public Radio, the state presents a “unique and interesting opportunity” for reform.
Advertisement:
Here lies TFA's staying — and growing — power. As it states in a 2011 document, “By 2015, we aim to build a truly unstoppable movement in Minnesota responsible for making educational opportunity attainable for all.” Its relationship with the University of Minnesota stems from this movement — and, in the form of an official partnership, could help sweep away obstacles.
In June, the state's Board of Teaching voted not to give incoming TFA teachers the blanket “community expert” exemption that the program received in its first four years to fast-track its recruits into the classroom, opting to screen them individually instead. In eight cases, the board interviewed the candidate and the principal of their accepting school about their fitness for the job. By August, following months of uncertainty and a MinnCAN petition, all teachers were exempted.
In the throes of this case, the board encouraged TFA to apply to the state's alternative licensure program — which TFA helped pass into law in 2011 — as a new route to bypass the standard certification process. Under the program, nonprofits and school districts can grant teacher licenses, a job traditionally reserved for universities.
Advertisement:
University partnership “would utilize that legislation and allow us to design a program specifically for alternative licensure,” says Crystal Brakke, TFA–Twin Cities' executive director. “Teach for America is always seeking to expand the support we are able to provide to our teachers, both in their pre-service training and during their first two years of teaching.” Though the organization is in talks with multiple universities and already places its members at St. Paul's Hamline University, expanding to the University of Minnesota, the state's flagship, would add significant weight to an alternative licensure proposal.
The basis of the partnership is TFA's impact. “We're encouraged by some of the measures we're seeing of teacher performance,” says Crystal Brakke, the executive director of TFA–Twin Cities. In a survey conducted last school year, 100 percent of Twin Cities principals with TFA corps members stated that they made a positive difference in their school and are likely to recommend hiring a TFA teacher to a fellow principal. Moreover, they say, “we are striving for a corps that increasingly shares the diversity and economic background of the students and families we work with,” adding that the proportion of teachers of color in the corps grew more than 50 percent since last year.
In limited statements about the partnership, the university views the TFA model as a complement to others. “TFA is a successful nonprofit organization that is here to stay,” said Jean Quam, the dean of the education school, in a May 17 letter to the college. There's a need, they said, “to move forward in creative ways to offer the best education to anyone who is in the classroom.” In August, Kaler told the Minnesota Daily, a “balanced approach is something that makes sense for the University.”
Advertisement:
Because of TFA's connections, though, it operates on an uneven playing field.
Conversations with the dean suggest that the school is “very concerned about some folks in the legislature and some folks from foundations who look favorably upon TFA,” says a faculty member who asked to remain anonymous. “It's really about the money, unfortunately. It's an entrepreneurial move.”
Several others interviewed by Salon echoed this point. In talking with the dean, “It was very clear to me that their concern was that they were risking state financing,” says Rob Panning-Miller, a former president of the Minneapolis Federation of Teachers who organizes with the Public Education Justice Alliance of Minnesota. “She was basically saying that if they didn't do this, and if the university goes to the state for funding every year, they were going to come back and say, 'Why would we give you money?'”
As a result, the faculty member says, “There's been a lack of transparency and an attempt to stifle any organizing efforts.” The dean, who declined to comment on the partnership or respond to critics for this article, told faculty that they were in conversation with TFA at the very end of the spring — giving them little opportunity for input before the summer break. Since then, faculty have been explicitly discouraged from speaking out.
Advertisement:
“It's been difficult to create a coalition around this,” says Erin Dyke, a Ph.D. student focusing on culture and teaching. “A lot of the issue with grad students and faculty getting involved is threats over their jobs and their security.”
At a college-wide block party on Aug. 29, grad students and local teachers passed out leaflets reading, “Why would CEHD partner with an organization that claims that working class students of color do not need well-trained, career teachers?” Several were approached by the dean, who called the leafletting “inappropriate” and threatened to call campus security if they didn't stop.
TFA's status at the college is mirrored at the statehouse. In May, Gov. Mark Dayton vetoed $1.5 million in earmarks for TFA, arguing that the organization's deep pockets rendered the funding unnecessary — which Brakke contests — and that it came without qualifications. “My principal concern,” they wrote, is that “no competitive grant program was established; no other applications were solicited; and no objective review was made by an independent panel of experts.”
The Legislature's maneuver was characteristic of a no-questions-asked politics that helps TFA and its ideology spread, often leaving detractors in the dust. While TFA assembles its alternative licensure proposal in Minnesota, the St. Paul Federation of Teachers' “Career Teacher” program, which partners locally based teacher candidates with experienced teachers for intensive, yearlong preparation, is still looking for a district to host it following initial rejection. Within TFA's alumni network, those who don't share the view that singular teacher-leaders can overcome poverty are often left voiceless.
Advertisement:
So it goes at the University of Minnesota. “A lot of people felt disheartened and defeated from the very beginning,” Dyke says. “We had the impression that the decision was made a long time ago.”
A woman risked their lives to save nearly 20 kittens and cats from a burning building. They charged into the room filled with toxic smoke despite being warned not to go inside.
Courtesy of Jean Favini of Oasis For Animals
Jean Favini, the President of Oasis for Animals (Langley WA), knew that if they didn't act fast, none of the cats would be able to survive.
The fire broke out in a building where the rescue's facility resides. It started on the top floor where they cared for the kittens and a few adult cats. The fire department determined the cause of the blaze to be a microwave.
"The microwave that started the fire somehow burst into flames when no one was in the room or using it," Favini told Love Meow.
"It generated a thick, black toxic smoke so I couldn't see anything. A minute longer and there would have been no chance for the poor cats."
Courtesy of Jean Favini of Oasis For Animals
"The microwave was only about a year old and not used very often. There were plastic bowls, containers and some cat food that comes in plastic cups all on top or next to it, so the smoke was toxic and black."
When Favini saw the plumes of smoke, they immediately dialed 911. The 911 operator advised them to stay outside, but they knew they were racing against time.
One of the kittens rescued from the fire Courtesy of Jean Favini of Oasis For Animals
They put a towel around their face and began to get the kitties out to safety. "I ran out with each armload, put my mouth over each kitten's nose and mouth and forced air into their lungs as best I could.
"They were laying on the floor and I thought they wouldn't survive. The smell was just awful and so toxic," Favini told Love Meow.
They safely placed the kittens and cats in carriers. With help from their husband and the firefighters, they got all 24 cats out.
One of the adult cats rescued from the fire Courtesy of Jean Favini of Oasis For Animals
They worked together with the vet to treat the surviving cats.
"When the vet left, I continued nebulizer treatments, cleaning the discharge of black soot from their noses, administering fluids, giving them heated beds and trying to get them to eat a little."
Favini cleared the fluid in their lungs and gave the kitties antibiotics to stop infections. It was an around-the-clock effort.
Two tiny kittens rescued from the fire Courtesy of Jean Favini of Oasis For Animals
After a sleepless night of intensive care, five succumbed to the fire from toxic smoke inhalation, but 14 kittens and five adult cats are on the mend. "The survivors are receiving constant medical care and should recover," Favini told Love Meow.
Share this story with your friends. If you would like to help with their medical expenses, you can make a donation on their website. Follow Oasis for Animals on Facebook.
Related story: Photographer Risks Injury to Save Two Kittens From Brush Fire
Rafa has had a tremendous tennis career. Today they turn 31 and they have spent almost half their life playing and ruling tennis. They raised the level of tennis. The Mallorcan never ceased to impress with their undying passion, motivation and grit. Today Nadal added another impressive achievement to their glittering, legendary resume. The World No. 4 has become just the 12th player aged 31 & over to feature in the Top 5 of the Emirates ATP Rankings, since its inception on 23 August 1973.
Among the countless moments on court that the Spaniard celebrated which includes their epic battles with Federer, their 9 French Open titles and their rising like phoenix from the ashes. We enlist 5 of their milestone moments from their career which in no way encompasses all their achievements.
1) First Grand Slam win at 2005 Rolland Garros
There is no felling like the first. The next 8 French Open titles wouldn't feel the way the first did. Rafa was the 4th seed in the tournaments. Despite, they were hot favorite having won the Rome Masters and Monte Carlo Masters that season.
They defeated Mariano Puerta in a four set match, 6-7 6-3 6-1 7-5. This was the beginning of an era. A legend was born. It was the first of their eventual 9 Grand Slam victories.
2) Defeating Federer at Wimbledon 2008
Already a Clay court master, Rafa wanted to conquer Wimbledon. But the conquest meant to defeat their biggest rival, Roger Federer, who owned that court. This made the win that much more special. Nothing can compare to the flashing lightbulbs in the fading light and the screams of the crowd when it was over.
One of the greatest sporting moments in the history of the game for its length, conducted with three rain delays. A classic installment between legendary rivals. Moments like this create a passion for the game of tennis for an audience around the world.
3) Winning the Olympic Gold in 2008
Once again, as it had throughout the spring and summer of 2008, Rafa's road to victory went through Novak Djokovic. The most memorable of the Olympic matches, is their forehand-liscious semifinal struggle.
This new Olympic champion cemented their place in tennis history by winning gold in their first try. Nadal wins 6-3 7-6 (2) 6-3, beating Olympic medallist Fernando Gonzalez, who settles for silver. In the calendar year preceding the 2008 Olympics, there was a shift at the hierarchy of men's tennis as Rafael Nadal displaced Roger Federer as the world number one.
4) Achieving the Career Grand Slam in 2010
After dealing with the rain, the thunder and the lightning, the delays, and Novak Djokovic's resilient tennis, to win their first US Open title and so become the youngest man of modern times to complete the career grand slam.
At the age of 24 years and three months, Nadal's collection of grand slam titles consists of five French Open titles, two Wimbledons, one Australian Open and now one US Open.
“This is more than I ever dreamed – it is unbelievable to have this US Open trophy,” Nadal said on the court after their 6-4 5-7 6-4 6-2 victory.
5) Becoming the World No. 1
An accomplishment help only by a few in history, Nadal adds their name to that glorious list. It is definitely a moment they will never forget. They attained new world No 1 in men's tennis title by knocking Roger Federer off top spot for the first time in 237 weeks.
“I am playing an unbelievable season, no doubt. I have to be very happy for everything. The feeling for sure is very happy for being number one, but the feeling doesn't change too much because the last years I did very well too. It is a satisfaction,” said Nadal after become World No. 1.
Related
Comments
A Jewish voter suffered a vile tirade of anti-Semitic abuse from a thug carrying a crow bar outside a north London polling station.
Election staff in Clapton Common, Stamford Hill, were forced to rush to the aid of the victim when a man allegedly yelled “f***ing Jews, kill all the Jews, what are you doing here?” at them as they entered to vote.
The attacker then returned wielding the weapon and shouting more threats just after 5pm on Thursday, according to neighbourhood watch group Shomrim.
The victim was said to be “frightened” by the attack and was led to safety by polling station staff.
Chaim Hochhauser, from Stamford Hill Shomrim said: "This was a frightening experience for the victim. I would like to thank the woman at the polling station who came to the aid of the victim and helped them leave the premises to find a safe place.
“Shomrim are supporting the victim and assisting with the Police investigation."
A man is believed to have been detained by officers over the incident.
A spokesperson for the Met Police said: "“Officers attended and a man was arrested on suspicion of a racially/religiously aggravated public order offence.
“He has since been taken to an east London police station for questioning.
“There are no reported injuries.
“Enquiries continue.”
Even Sweden has its limits.
A self-proclaimed "humanitarian superpower" where welcoming those fleeing war and oppression is ingrained as part of the national identity, the Nordic country has proudly taken in more refugees per capita than any other in Europe.
But now, with military barracks, ski lodges and camping huts already filling up, it is running out of roofs to put over the heads of immigrants. The government is warning that tens of thousands of people may end up spending the Nordic winter in tents.
And for the first time, there have been signs in recent weeks that the national consensus behind the open-door policy is crumbling. Far-right protesters have shouted "go home" at asylum seekers. Refugee housing has been hit by arson attacks. And even in the political mainstream there is a growing feeling that its generous policies are unsustainable.
Related reading Facebook page created to welcome refugees and migrants to Australia
With fewer than 10 million people, Sweden has already received 100,000 refugees so far this year, and the government now predicts 150,000 could arrive by year's end. That is more than double the number it expected when it set aside as much as four per cent of the 2016 state budget for immigration and integration.
Authorities will soon set up electrically heated tents that could house up to 35,000 people this winter, bringing to the cold dark reaches of northern Europe the sort of refugee camps more familiar in the poorest parts of the world.
"We are living from hand to mouth, and we have for a long time now," Tolle Furegard, national housing coordinator at the Migration Agency, told Reuters.
Early in the Syrian crisis, Sweden stepped out in front of other European countries to declare that all refugees from Syria would automatically be granted permanent residency, letting them work and making it easier for family members to join them.
Polls show most Swedes still welcome refugees, and several charities have received record donations. But a growing minority worry the influx will hurt their cherished welfare state.
Centre-left Prime Minister Stefan Lofven, heading a fragile minority government, faces calls from within their own Social Democrat party to tighten immigration - policies that over the decades welcomed refugees from Vietnam war draft dodgers in the 1960s to Gulf War refugees in the 1990s.
One municipality in northern Sweden is keeping the location of new homes for 150 refugees secret after three centres were torched. Another centre in western Sweden was forced to evacuate residents after it was set alight on Tuesday.
At Stockholm's train station, around 30 far-right demonstrators protesting what they see as an influx of Muslims to Sweden, gathered near a temporary migrations centre, shouting "Go home". The station, where volunteers help asylum seekers, has welcomed refugees for months.
Tent cities
"Sweden is preparing for a crisis situation," said Lofven, adding that asylum seekers will have to accept a lower standard of living. "It's about putting roofs over people's heads now."
Lofven's minority government faces a backlash from a centre-right and far-right opposition. The main centre-right Moderates, for years champions of immigration, now call for an end to granting permanent residency for asylum seekers.
In a country where questioning immigration was socially taboo a few years ago, several of the biggest newspapers are now criticising the government's policy.
The anti-immigration Sweden Democrats, the third biggest party in parliament, have risen further in polls, catching around a fifth of voters. They will start advertising in Middle Eastern media to deter people from coming to Sweden.
"Nobody should even think about coming here," said Paula Bieler, Sweden Democrats spokesperson. "We have tented camps here. It's cold, chilly and snowy in Sweden. There is a shortage of resources both for our own population and for those who come here."
Lofven is diverting some foreign aid money back home to help meet the extra costs.
The government argues that investing money in improving integration for immigrants is crucial to staving off economic hardship in the future. But integrating newcomers has proved difficult. Unemployment among foreign-born Swedes is more than 20 per cent, four times higher than among natives.
"Integration has not worked as well as we would have liked," said Interior Minister Anders Ygeman. "It's clear that there are risks."
Adding to the cost is an unexpectedly high proportion of unaccompanied children among the refugees - a fifth of the total - requiring costly extra services.
Refugees first stop
The vastness of the enterprise can be seen at the main asylum centre in the southern city of Malmo where around two thirds of all asylum seekers to Sweden register.
The former hotel and conference centre is clean, with a restaurant and rooms for 600 people. The number of refugees arriving per day ballooned from 55 in July to around 900 in September. Staffing has doubled since the crisis started.
"I don't have to worry about the budget. My job is to make sure we don't close the door on anybody who comes here," said Patricio Mora, the centre's manager.
Lines quickly form outside and tempers flare when families jostle to enter.
Schools feel the strain. In Norberg, a community of around 5000 people about two hours drive from the capital, the 500-pupil school faces an extra 100 refugee students.
"We have used the library, storage rooms and the teachers lounge as classrooms. If even more children arrive in the coming weeks, we have nowhere to place them," said Asa Eriksson, the town mayor.
"If worst comes to worst they will have to be outside."
I'm back from The Ultimate Fighter Season 26!
It was an experience very similar and yet very different from my past experience on TUF 18.
I met a lot of good people who I will never forget, had some experiences I wouldn't mind forgetting, but many unique and memorable ones that even my bad memory won't let slip away. lol I learned MMA techniques, struggled, laughed, cried, deprived myself of TACOS for an unholy amount of time, folded a ton of origami, ate new things, found new foods, wore lots of reeboks, drew designs on my clothes, and found companionship in like-minded souls. I missed my Syndicate coaches but found support in my enthusiastic and caring new coaches. I steeled myself to be alone in the House, but realized time and time again that I wasn't really alone.
It was like a crazy time-zone in there, kind of like the world of Narnia. I couldn't sense the passage of time. I had no idea what day of the week it was. The day felt like it dragged on, but when I lay down to go to bed at the end of the day, I thought, ‘Where did the day go? That was quick.” My theory that it WAS Narnia. Look at the backyard! There's a stone table and lamp post and everything.
I can't give any more details, but the (primer) of the show is almost upon us! It's every Wednesday starting August 30th on Fox Sports 1 at 7 PM PST/10 PST.
I'm allowed to share pics of the House that I took when I got my cell phone back as I was packing to leave.
Narnia, and the hammock we requested.
I was able to take a walk every morning. I haven't lived in so much vegetation since I went to highschool in Lenox Massachusetts! I even got to pick cicada shells off the trees like I did when I was a kid! 😀
I used the hot-tub a lot.
I'm grateful for the amazing, beautiful house they provided for us.
Heavy Iron Studios' action-puzzler Fat City is out now for the PS Vita in North America via the PlayStation Network for $12.99.
Take control of Chris Knox and their team to plan raids and execute getaways to fill the coffers of a surreptitious crime syndicate. Deploy smoke bombs, safe-cracking tools and other special equipment to ensure a successful heist and escape.
Fat City features over 60 jobs and targets spread throughout the five districts of New York City, a highly skilled team comprised of a safe-cracker, demolitions expert, hacker and getaway driver, bonus objective and interconnectivity between PS Vita and PS4.
Some functions and features may not be available on PlayStation TV. A release date for Europe has not been announced yet.
Check out the Fat City Screenshots:
Check out our Fat City PS Vita Gameplay Video:
Louis van Gaal has insisted Manchester United will confirm their title credentials by winning at Arsenal on Sunday.
The Dutchman, who guided United to a 2-1 victory at the Emirates last season, takes their team to north London after restoring the Old Trafford club to the top of the Premier League for the first time since Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement in May 2013.
Despite investing more than £250m on new players since succeeding David Moyes as manager in July 2014, Van Gaal has previously played down United's title hopes this season.
But after overtaking Manchester City with victory against Sunderland last Saturday, Van Gaal now claims the belief within their squad can only increase with a win at the Emirates.
“I think you have to believe always in this [ability to win the title],” Van Gaal said. “And I think the balance in our selection is much better than last year and last year we also had the chance.
“So I believe in that, but the most important thing is not only that I believe, but that the players are believing in that.
• Arsenal v Man Utd: the joint XI
“And when we win at Arsenal, then the belief shall raise a lot, I believe.”
A victory for Manchester City over Newcastle United on Saturday would put Manuel Pellegrini's team back in first place before United's visit to Arsenal, thereby denying Van Gaal's side the prospect of facing Arsène Wenger's team as league leaders.
But Morgan Schneiderlin, the French midfielder who had been widely expected to leave Southampton for Arsenal this summer before moving to United, claims Sunday's game offers United the perfect opportunity to prove their worth as credible title challengers.
“I think Arsenal will be there competing for the title until the end and it is up to us to make a statement on Sunday,” Schneiderlin said. “Last year they had a good result against United in the FA Cup and we had a good result against them in the league, so we know we can win this game and it is going to be a battle.
“But we want to make a statement and show everyone that we deserve to be in first place.”
United travel to London with Michael Carrick fit again after being ruled out of the midweek Champions League victory over Wolfsburg with a minor injury.
While United go into Sunday's game buoyed by the Wolfsburg, the team's fourth victory in four games, Arsenal and Wenger are in turmoil after the home defeat against Olympiakos left the club winless and rooted to the foot of their Champions League group.
But despite the criticism raining down on Wenger, Van Gaal claims the Frenchman remains a top manager and insists it is unfair to question how they have survived an 11-year title drought at Arsenal.
“I think you have to ask the board of Arsenal that question, not me,” Van Gaal said. “I think that he's doing great work.
“When you can, like Sir Alex Ferguson, stay in a club for such a long period of time, you have to be very good, otherwise you shall not succeed, so I think Arsène Wenger is one of the best coaches of the world.
“You can never be disappointed when you have done everything, to have reached a certain level, because to be the champion, you need also the circumstances in your favour.”
Anthony Martial, United's French forward, will face Arsenal for the first time since playing in Monaco's 3-1 Champions League victory at the Emirates last February.
Wenger has admitted to having an interest in the 19-year-old, whose August moves to United could yet cost them up to £58m.
• Louis van Gaal press conference: as it happened
But Monaco now claims that an unnamed club outbid United for the teenager, only for Martial to insist on a move to Old Trafford.
“There was another club that offered even more than United,” Vadim Vasilyev, the Monaco vice-president, said. “I will not say how much, but the fixed price, without variables, it was even better and also they offered us to have them for a further year in Monaco.
“But the boy wanted to go to Manchester, it was their dream, and we let them go with the bonus of €30m. Had it not been for so much money, they would have stayed.”
Release Notes 3.0.4
TROUBLESHOOTING & REPORTING BUGS
Core/Engine Bug Fixes
Resolved issue causing incorrect Nuyen value to be displayed in Sell Screen.
Resolved issue causing mismatch between displayed and actual skin color for certain skin options in Character Creation.
Resolved issue that caused some Backer names in the credits to have missing characters.
Resolved issue that could lead to Elf Female models displaying incorrectly.
Resolved issue that could lead to item loss when loaning items to some actors in specific situations.
Resolved issue that could lead to actor duplication under certain edge-case save load conditions.
Resolved issue that could leave Water Shrine Spirit unable to attack.
Resolved minor animation issues.
General minor VFX and Animation bug fixes and polish.
Other minor bug fixes.
Content Bug Fixes
Minor grammar and visual tweaks and polish.
Resolved issue that caused a conversation to duplicate in Misdirection mission.
Resolved issue that caused Matrix in the City of Darkness to have incorrect starting Trace.
Resolved issue that could cause plot specific information to be revealed early.
Resolved issue that could leave the Player unable to leave the Assist mission under specific cases.
Resolved issue that could leave the Player unable to leave The Dig mission in certain cases.
Resolved issue that could prevent Hostile actors from spawning correctly in Bad Qi mission in certain cases.
Notes
Art book updated for purchasers of the Deluxe Edition (now contains more art.)
Release 3.0.4 contains a variety of Shadowrun: Hong Kong campaign fixes and general system fixes and improvements. If you are encountering any issues in Hong Kong, please update to build 3.0.4 immediately. (To update, restart Steam and then allow Shadowrun to fully verify and download the new build.)After the update if you are experiencing a campaign-related issue, you may also need to restart your current scene (select "Restart Level" from the PDA) or rewind (select "Rewind" from the PDA save screen, then select a previous level) to before you encountered the issue in order to resolve the issue.If you are experiencing technical issues with Shadowrun: Hong Kong, please see this post: https://steamcommunity.com/app/346940/discussions/1/528398719793341723/
Over the years, Oscar-winning actor Diane Keaton has enchanted many of Hollywood's most dashing men, from Warren Beatty to Al Pacino (and also Woody Allen). But at least one famous male seems utterly resistant to their charms: Stephen Colbert.
Keaton paid a visit to "The Colbert Report" Monday night, ostensibly to promote the paperback release of their memoir, "Then Again," but the interview quickly descended into slap-happy chaos.
The Oscar-winning actor started the conversation on an adversarial note, telling Colbert they wouldn't vote for them for president. They also seemed strangely preoccupied with Colbert's rear end, declaring apropos of nothing that they didn't want to see their naked tushie (though their words for it were a bit more colorfully phrased).
Baffled by the reference to their posterior, Colbert suggested that they had merely misinterpreted their backstage hug. But Keaton hardened their stance: "I'm bringing you up on charges. ... I really mean it."
Throughout the segment, Colbert tried to steer the conversation back to Keaton's book -- and particularly their relationship with their late mother -- but they repeatedly resisted their line of inquiry.
"Did your mother want you to be an actor?" Colbert asked.
"Now you know why I wouldn't vote for you," they replied, entirely ignoring Colbert's question. "Because you're a sexual pervert."
Things only got punchier from there. Colbert eventually demanded that "before I encourage my viewers to buy the book," Keaton would have to say "one [bleeping] thing about it." They responded with spasms of laughter.
As the segment drew to a close, Keaton asked if they would make a good talk-show sidekick. Then, as if to answer their own question, they got up to leave the stage without realizing the cameras were still rolling.
No, Diane, probably not -- but we wouldn't want it any other way.
RELATED:
Obama, "preezy of the United Steezy," jams with Fallon
Stephen Colbert on Obama's "slow jams" backlash
Stephen Colbert warns of Mexican bologna threat
— Meredith Blake
twitter.com/MeredithBlake
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jeannine Sanford explains why some of Washington's poorest residents are not particularly affected by the recession.
Almost 15% of US households experienced a food shortage at some point in 2009, a government report has found.
US authorities say that figure is the highest they have seen since they began collecting data in the 1990s, and a slight increase over 2008 levels.
Single mothers are among the hardest hit: About 3.5 million said they were at times unable to put sufficient food on the table.
Hispanics and African Americans also suffer disproportionately.
The food security report is the result of an annual survey conducted by the US Department of Agriculture (USDA).
Households deemed "food insecure" experienced a period of inadequate food supply as a result of their economic situation, but did not necessarily remain without sufficient food for the entire year.
Although the number of food insecure households has risen sharply since the recession, the USDA says the growth rate has slowed, particularly toward the end of 2009.
The BBC's Katie Connolly, in Washington, says the results will be seen as somewhat surprising in a developed country that is also facing the problem of rising obesity rates.
Shielding children
Almost 60% of those experiencing food shortages were eligible for assistance to purchase food through a government food stamps program.
Since the recession, the Obama administration has expanded food stamp funding. In 2009, around 34 million Americans participated in food stamp programs each month.
Among those categorized as having "very low food security" - that is, those who experience the most severe food shortages - 28% of adults said that there were times in 2009 when they did not eat for an entire day because they could not afford to buy food.
Ninety-seven percent reported either skipping a meal or cutting the size of their meal for the same reason.
The report says that children in low food security households are often shielded from such behaviour by adults.
Recession-proof poverty
The prevalence of food insecurity has placed increased pressure on soup kitchens and community organizations to provide for the poor.
But Jeannine Sanford, the Deputy Director for Washington DC food pantry Bread For The City, warned against assuming that the problem of hunger would be alleviated when the recession ends because there are some groups whose conditions are virtually unaffected by the bad economy.
The nature of receiving disability (welfare) is that the person is permanently disabled. It's not like the economy changes and that changes for them. They're still going to be trying to struggle on a really limited amount of income. Jeannine Sanford, Deputy Director, Bread for the City
With its plethora of government jobs, Washington DC has not been as badly hit by the recession as other cities. Still, its soup kitchens and community organizations are struggling to keep up with demand - as they have been for some time.
Washington has long had a relatively large population of underprivileged people in need of assistance.
Ms Sanford says that the number of hungry people seeking help to obtain food has not changed much during the recession. Most of the people who come to their organization are the elderly, the disabled or those in minimum wage jobs who live well below the poverty line.
These people tend to live on fixed incomes, and have little hope of their income improving when the economy rebounds.
There were poor people in DC before the recession, and they will still be poor and need help when it is over, they say.
"The nature of receiving disability (welfare) is that the person is permanently disabled," Ms Sanford told the BBC. "It's not like the economy changes and that changes for them. They're still going to be trying to struggle on a really limited amount of income."
Celtics see off Wizards to set up East finals showdown with Cavaliers
Isaiah Thomas scored 29 points and had 12 assists, Kelly Olynyk scored a career-playoff high 26 points and the Boston Celtics used a big fourth quarter to outlast the Washington Wizards 115-105 in Game 7 of the Eastern Conference semi-finals Monday night.
Boston advances to the Eastern Conference finals, where it will host the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 on Wednesday.
“What a special opportunity to get a chance to compete against them,” Boston coach Brad Stevens said.
Celtics outlast Wizards in Game 7 of Eastern Conference semi-finals – as it happened Read more
Led by Olynyk the Celtics got a huge lift from their bench, outscoring their Wizards' counterparts 48-5. Boston also connected on 11 three-pointers, including 8 of 13 in the second half.
“Everyone gave their best tonight and it turned out well,” Olynyk said. “It was a team effort, hard work. It was a tough seven-game series. Both teams played hard, we outlasted them there. They are a great team. They made big shots all series.”
Bradley Beal led the Wizards, which was playing it its first Game 7 since 1979 with 38 points, including 24 in the second half.
Otto Porter added 20 points. John Wall and Markieff Morris each finished with 18. But Washington also had 15 turnovers, leading to 17 Celtics' points.
Boston trailed 76-72 late in the third quarter before ending the period on a 13-3 spurt. The run grew to 22-5 in the opening minutes of the fourth as the Celtics' lead became 94-81.
But Washington quickly responded, scoring seven straight in just 51 seconds to get back within six.
Washington stayed close as Beal continued to score, including a four-point play. But Olynyk then took over. They scored 11 of 13 points for Boston as the Celtics stretched their advantage to 110-100.
“I knew it would come down to the last six minutes of the game,” Washington coach Scott Brooks said. “They had that little run at the start of the fourth quarter.”
Both teams were a little tight in the early going with neither team scoring a field goal in the first two minutes of action.
The Celtics had the largest lead of the first half at 10-2, but that gap was quickly erased by Washington as Boston started to rack up fouls.
Marcus Smart, Amir Johnson and Olynyk all were whistled for three fouls in the opening 24 minutes, though Smart did inject some life into a second unit that outscored their Wizards' counterparts 19-5.
Wall and Beal each were beneficiaries scoring eight and nine points, respectively in the second quarter to help the Wizards take a two-point lead into halftime.
After a monster jump in 2016, the NBA's windfall from their new TV media day and expected growth is coming in well below expectations, and that could create absolute chaos in the months ahead, even after the wildest summer in NBA history. Yahoo Sports reported Thursday night about the latest cap projections for the 2018-19 season, which only increase the cap by about $2 million.
Sources: NBA has informed teams of projected salary cap in next two offseasons: $101M for 2018-19, $108M for 2019-20, subject to change. — Shams Charania (@ShamsCharania) September 29, 2017
That's $1 million less than what was projected in July, and $2 million less than projections from February. The key here is that while the league anticipated reductions this year with another bump in 2019-20, these projections arrive after the 2016 spending splurge which saw Kevin Durant join the Warriors thanks to the bump, and huge contracts all around. In response, the market underwent a dramatic correction this summer with contracts going well below what we saw in 2016, and restricted free agents having the market squeezed to a vice around them, but some of the damage was already done.
The result is that next summer, few teams have significant cap space. Only 12 teams are on track to have more than $10 million in cap space next summer. That's a big deal, because next summer sees LeBron James, Russell Westbrook, Paul George, Carmelo Anthony, Chris Paul and DeMarcus Cousins as free agents, just for starters. You have a loaded NBA free agency class with a cap projection well below what teams had planned for in recent years.
Which means this year we could see even more wild trades, even after Kyrie Irving, George, Jimmy Butler and Paul were all dealt this summer. This time, however, it won't be deals for stars, it'll be teams looking to clear cap space. So the teams with an abundance of space and facing rebuilds -- your Atlanta Hawks, Chicago Bulls, and Brooklyn Nets for example -- can present themselves to teams looking to get into the race for those superstars by offering to take on salary ... in exchange for draft picks.
We saw the same mechanism in play back in 2010 when James, Dwyane Wade, Chris Bosh and others were hitting the market. Teams were bleeding in trades to try and produce multiple max salary positions. The cap is way looser now compared to then, thanks to the 2011 CBA and the salary cap increase due to the media deal. Still, don't be surprised if teams hear that they have a chance at one of the marquee free agents and starts dealing to create space.
Meanwhile, this is all perfectly set up for the Lakers, who have been linked to all of the stars available at one time or another, and will have a world of cap space. If the Lakers want to pursue multiple max stars, they'll have that ability, without having to do any deals at all.
That $7 million jump projected for 2019-20 will be something to watch, as a $6 million jump could open the doors for more wackiness as well. So while these cap numbers are preliminary and could go up or down depending on a number of factors (including how many games opponents take off the Warriors in the playoffs), they do have real impacts and could signal even more crazy player movement over the next year.
David Miliband has made a dramatic entry into the debate about Britain's exit from the EU with an impassioned call for politicians from all parties to work together to avoid the Tory high command driving the country “off a cliff”.
Labour's former foreign secretary warned that Brexit is an “unparalleled act of economic self-harm” and suggested that it is up to MPs of all political colours to fight back against its worst consequences. The country's future, they argued, should be decided by another vote on the terms of a final settlement – either by referendum or in parliament.
Tory Brexit policy is chaotic. The fightback must begin at once | David Miliband Read more
In a scathing article in the Observer, Miliband wrote: “Delegating to May and Davis, never mind Johnson and Fox, the settlement of a workable alternative to EU membership is a delusion, not just an abdication.”
They also heaped praise on the Tory chancellor, Philip Hammond, who is leading pressure inside the cabinet for a transition deal with the EU to soften the blow of a Brexit rupture. “I never thought I would say this, but Philip Hammond is also playing an important, even valiant, role. A transition of the kind they have advocated is vital.”
The timing of the intervention by the former contender for the Labour leadership is significant. Febrile Westminster talk over the summer recess has triggered speculation about the creation of a new anti-Brexit party joined by heavyweights from all sides.
But a more likely scenario is the emergence of cross-party consensus around a plan for the UK to remain part of the European Economic Area (EEA), at least for a transition period. This would provoke fury among leavers and civil war within the Tories.
Now president and chief executive of the International Rescue Committee, based in New York, Miliband recently indicated that they see themselves as an “ex-politician”. But many believe they harbour a desire to return to Westminster and their caustic assessment of both the UK and US political scenes suggests they believe they are in need of a shake-up.
In their most hard-hitting comments to date concerning both Britain's decision to leave the EU and the Trump presidency, Miliband warns that “politics and government are setting new standards for dysfunction”.
“This transatlantic malaise has a common root,” Miliband wrote. “Politics based on what you are against, not what you are for. Look at the campaigns against the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) and against the EU. There is a common trope: the politics of grievance.” They claim that the UK is suffering a governability crisis. “Leaving the EU was mis-sold as a quick fix,” Miliband wrote. “Now it looks like a decade-long process of unscrambling the eggs of the national and European legislation. Ministers cannot even agree among themselves the destination, the route map, or the vehicles to get us there.”
But the case against the EU depends on avoiding a discussion of the alternative, Miliband believes. “It is the equivalent of voting to repeal Obamacare without knowing the replacement. It is a stitch-up. That is one reason it is essential that parliament or the public are given the chance to have a straight vote between EU membership and the negotiated alternative.”
In an attempt to broaden the debate, Miliband made an impassioned plea for the EU to be seen as more than an economic bloc.
“The EU is not just a group of neighbouring countries. It is a coalition of democratic states which pledge to advance human rights, the rule of law and democratic rules. That is not a threat to Britain; it is the team we should be on.”
The EU is a coalition of democratic states which pledge to advance human rights. It is the team we should be on David Miliband
In recent weeks, Labour MPs Stephen Kinnock and Heidi Alexander and the Conservative Lord Hague have called for the UK to remain a member of the EEA – the regional free trade area that, in addition to all EU member states, includes Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein.
Supporters of Britain adopting an EEA “off-the-shelf option” say that it would allow for a smooth exit with minimum disruption for British business while maintaining access to the single market. Kinnock, who believes there may be 15 Tory MPs sympathetic to their plan for Britain to remain part of the EEA – enough for the government to lose a vote on the issue – said it would buy “time to negotiate the final state deal with the EU. It delivers certainty for business and workers, and it allows us to reform freedom of movement.”
The latter point is controversial. Liechtenstein has powers to restrict freedom of movement but it is a tiny country. Attempts by the UK to negotiate a similar deal are likely to be bitterly contested by Brussels.
The EEA idea, however, has found favour with Hammond. The government opposes the plan but Labour appears to be softening its stance and Miliband's powerful intervention may help to sway the party's rank and file.
The spread of infection as a gif. Even the Finns will succumb.
Inspired by Jason at Almost Looks Like Work I wanted to take on some modeling of disease spread. Note that this model has no claim what so ever on reflecting reality and is not to be mistaken for the horrible epidemic in West Africa. On the contrary, it's more to be viewed as some sort of fictional zombie outbreak. That said, let's get down to it!
This is what's called a SIR model where the letters S, I and R reflects different states an individual can have in a zombie outbreak:
$S$ for susceptible. Number of healthy individuals that potentially could turn.
$U$ for infected. Number of walkers.
$R$ for removed. Number of individuals that's out of the game by separation of head from body (if I know my zombie movies correctly), or that survived. But there's no cure of “zombie:ism”, so let's not fool ourselves (it might be the case thou if the SIR model is used for flu epidemics).
We also have $\beta$ and $\gamma$:
$\beta$ is how transmittable the disease is. One bite is all it takes!
$\gamma$ is how fast you go from zombie to dead. Has to be some sort of average of how fast our zombie hunters is working… Well it's not a perfect model. Bare with me.
So $S' = -\beta I S$ tells us how fast people are turning into zombies. $S'$ being the time derivative.
$I' = \beta I S - \gamma I$ tells us how the infected increases and how fast the zombie workers are putting zombies in the removed state (pun intended).
$R' = \gamma I$ just picks up the $\gamma I$ term that was negative in the previous equation.
The above model does not take into account that there must be spatial distribution of S/I/R. So let's fix that!
One approach is to divide Sweden and the Nordic countries into a grid where every cell can infect the nearby. This can be described as follows:
Where for example being one cell and , , and being the surrounding cells (let's not make our brains tired with the diagonal cells, we need our brain for not getting our brain eaten).
Initializing some stuff.
import numpy as np import math import matplotlib.pyplot as plt %matplotlib inline from matplotlib import rcParams import matplotlib.image as mpimg rcParams['font.family'] = 'serif' rcParams['font.size'] = 16 rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 12, 8 from PIL import Image
Some appropriate beta and gamma making sure to wipe out most of the country.
beta = 0.010 gamma = 1
Remember the definition of a derivative? With some rearranging it can actually be used to approximate the next step of the function when the derivative is known and $\Delta t$ is assumed to be small. And we have already stated $u'(t)$.
Remember from before
And let's call $u\left( {t + \Delta t } \right)$ which is the function $u$ in the next time step for $u_{n+1}$, and $u(t) = u_n$ which is the current time step.
This is called the Euler method. Let's write it in code:
def euler_step(u, f, dt): return u + dt * f(u)
We also need $f(u)$ in code. This uses some nifty array operations by the goodness of numpy. I just might get back to that in another blog post, because they're great and might need some more explaining. But for now this will do.
def f(u): S = u[0] I = u[1] R = u[2] new = np.array([-beta*(S[1:-1, 1:-1]*I[1:-1, 1:-1] + \ S[0:-2, 1:-1]*I[0:-2, 1:-1] + \ S[2:, 1:-1]*I[2:, 1:-1] + \ S[1:-1, 0:-2]*I[1:-1, 0:-2] + \ S[1:-1, 2:]*I[1:-1, 2:]), beta*(S[1:-1, 1:-1]*I[1:-1, 1:-1] + \ S[0:-2, 1:-1]*I[0:-2, 1:-1] + \ S[2:, 1:-1]*I[2:, 1:-1] + \ S[1:-1, 0:-2]*I[1:-1, 0:-2] + \ S[1:-1, 2:]*I[1:-1, 2:]) - gamma*I[1:-1, 1:-1], gamma*I[1:-1, 1:-1] ]) padding = np.zeros_like(u) padding[:,1:-1,1:-1] = new padding[0][padding[0] < 0] = 0 padding[0][padding[0] > 255] = 255 padding[1][padding[1] < 0] = 0 padding[1][padding[1] > 255] = 255 padding[2][padding[2] < 0] = 0 padding[2][padding[2] > 255] = 255 return padding
Here I import an map with the population density of the Nordic countries and downsample it to make the solving time resonably fast.
from PIL import Image img = Image.open('popdens2.png') img = img.resize((img.size[0]/2,img.size[1]/2)) img = 255 - np.asarray(img) imgplot = plt.imshow(img) imgplot.set_interpolation('nearest')
Population density in the Nordic countries (Denmark is missing)
Our $S$ matrix, the susceptible individuals should be something like the population density. The infected $I$ is for now just zeros. But let's put a patient zero somewhere in Stockholm.
S_0 = img[:,:,1] I_0 = np.zeros_like(S_0) I_0[309,170] = 1 # patient zero
Nobodys dead, yet. So lets put $R$ to zeroes too.
R_0 = np.zeros_like(S_0)
Now set some initial values of how long the simulation is to be run and so on.
T = 900 # final time dt = 1 # time increment N = int(T/dt) + 1 # number of time-steps t = np.linspace(0.0, T, N) # time discretization # initialize the array containing the solution for each time-step u = np.empty((N, 3, S_0.shape[0], S_0.shape[1])) u[0][0] = S_0 u[0][1] = I_0 u[0][2] = R_0
We need to make a custom colormap so that the infected matrix can be overlayed on the map.
import matplotlib.cm as cm theCM = cm.get_cmap("Reds") theCM._init() alphas = np.abs(np.linspace(0, 1, theCM.N)) theCM._lut[:-3,-1] = alphas
And we sit back and enjoy…
for n in range(N-1): u[n+1] = euler_step(u[n], f, dt)
Not let's render some images and make a gif of it. Everybody loves gifs!
from images2gif import writeGif keyFrames = [] frames = 60.0 for i in range(0, N-1, int(N/frames)): imgplot = plt.imshow(img, vmin=0, vmax=255) imgplot.set_interpolation("nearest") imgplot = plt.imshow(u[i][1], vmin=0, cmap=theCM) imgplot.set_interpolation("nearest") filename = "outbreak" + str(i) + ".png" plt.savefig(filename) keyFrames.append(filename) images = [Image.open(fn) for fn in keyFrames] gifFilename = "outbreak.gif" writeGif(gifFilename, images, duration=0.3) plt.clf()
The spread of infection as a gif. Even the Finns will succumb.
Look at that! The only safe place seem to be in the northern parts where it's not so densly populated. Even Finland will at the end of the animation be infected. Now you know.
If you want to know more about solving differential equations I can warmly recommend Practical Numerical Methods with Python by @LorenaABarba. Here you'll learn all the real numerical methods that should be used instead of the simple one in this post.
UPDATE: To play around for yourself, the Ipython notebook can be found here.
NEW YORK — OF Brandon Guyer wouldn't get into specifics in their first public comments about the events that led up to teammate Matt Bush driving their SUV during Bush's March 22 DUI hit-and-run accident.
But Guyer spoke openly Wednesday about the aftereffects the accident, and the resulting $5 million lawsuit filed against them by the victim's family, had on their play at Triple-A Durham, where they had a miserable start.
"I just let it get to me, and it was beating me for a while," Guyer said. "(I) was not playing like the way I do. It definitely affected me. Once I got over that and got better mentally everything started coming back into place."
After hitting .191 through their first 12 games for the Bulls, Guyer — despite a week-long stay on the DL with a sprained left ankle — was sizzling over their next 10 games, hitting .421 (16-for-38).
The Rays summoned them Wednesday for what is expected to be a short stint, a fill-in for INF Jeff Keppinger, who left to attend to a personal matter.
"I'm just glad to be playing again," Guyer said, "and am thankful for this opportunity."
Guyer has not talked to Bush, who remains jailed in Charlotte County on multiple charges, since the accident and has not gotten back their Dodge Durango, which was seized as evidence. Guyer's agent, Jamie Appel, told the Times in March that Guyer didn't know Bush's license was suspended, and they didn't give Bush permission to use the vehicle after dropping Guyer off at the team complex.
Guyer said they aren't able to comment on the lawsuit filed by the family of victim Tony Tufano. "I can't really say much right now," they said. "I'm just trying to focus on baseball and let that stuff work out."
KEPPINGER UPDATE: Keppinger left to appear at a mediation hearing in their ongoing divorce case in Georgia, court records show. The divorce case, which started in November, is scheduled to go before a judge May 29.
Manager Joe Maddon said the team won't know until this morning whether Keppinger will be back in time for tonight's game.
The Rays avoided being shorthanded by placing Keppinger on the restricted list, getting approval from MLB, which allows such moves on a case-by-case basis under a provision for "unusual circumstances" and also for the player to be paid.
JENNINGS BETTER: LF Desmond Jennings pinch-hit in the eighth, flying out to left, in their first appearance since spraining their left knee Sunday.
PRICE CHECK: Tonight's matchup of LHP David Price and Yankees LHP CC Sabathia has marquee quality but in reality has been one-sided: In the five times they've met, Price is 3-0 with a 1.56 ERA and the Rays have won all five games.
SUCH A DEAL: IF OF/DH Hideki Matsui ends up helping the Rays, they'll be getting a bargain. According to terms obtained by the Times, Matsui, if called up, will get a salary of about $900,000 — and $10,000 a month while at Triple A. They made $4.5 million last year.
MISCELLANY: The Rays got their MLB-most fourth win when trailing after eight innings. The Yanks are 15-2 when leading after eight, both losses to the Rays. … Maddon said they were "appalled" at the actions and words of Phillies LHP Cole Hamels in intentionally hitting Washington rookie Bryce Harper with a pitch to welcome them to the majors: "I could not believe it. It was inappropriate. I've never heard of anything like that before. I'm glad MLB reacted as they did (in suspending Hamels)." … Chris Gimenez made their first career appearance at third base. … Lori Fraser, a breast cancer survivor from St. Petersburg, was chosen as the Rays Honorary Bat Girl, and will be honored May 20.
The midterm elections are over, but one former politician will be asking for your vote soon, as PETA holds its Sexiest Vegetarians contest for 2011.
Insiders reveal former President of the United States, Bill Clinton, is definitely a candidate.
“Clinton will surely be a popular nominee in next year's contest,” said PETA's Jaime Zalac, according to U.S. News and World Report.
On the advice of two famous physicians and authors, Dr. Dean Ornish and Dr. Caldwell Esselstyn, Clinton turned to a plant-based diet in hopes it may repair some of the damage to their cardio system he's sustained over the years after learning of a study that showed most individuals who stopped eating animal products were able to reverse signs of heart disease.
Photo: PR Photos
Possibly Related Posts:
Yankee Elephants
By Mike Bennighof, Ph.D.
May 2016 In 1944, Margaret Landon published their novel of expurgated Orientalism, Anna and the King of Siam. Based on the memoirs of English governess Anna Leonowens at the court of King Mongkut, it became a successful Rodgers and Hammerstein film starring Yul Brynner, later re-made with Jodie Foster and Chow Yun-Fat. Anna Leonowens took some healthy liberties with reality in telling their tale, inventing a background for themselves and numerous incidents at the Siamese court. One such partial truth that's worked its way into a number of Western accounts of Thai history is the supposed offer by Mongkut of war elephants to Abraham Lincoln, for use in the American Civil War. Siam had become an imperial power in the late 18th century under the reign of Taksin the Great. Taksin expelled Burmese invaders and re-united the country before they fell into a religious mania that would lead to their overthrow by their leading general, Thuong Duang (also known as Chakri), who became King Rama I. Rama I and their son fought wars with Siam's traditional enemies, Burma and Vietnam, but change was coming to South-East Asia. The British established Singapore in 1819, and seized much of southern Burma in 1826 with the support of Siamese troops and elephants. Under King Rama III, the Siamese signed a commercial treaty with Britain that same year, allowing the British considerable latitude but also giving the Siamese access to modern arms. The Siamese crushed a rebellion in Laos the next year, strengthening their hold there through forced popualtion transfers, and defeated the Vietnamese in a four-year war over Cambodia in the early 1840s. Siamese Elephant Artillery. Laos, 1893. In 1850, the British and Americans both demanded further concessions. Rama III died the next year, leaving the problem to their younger brother, Mongkut, who had spent the previous 27 years as a Buddhist monk. Mongkut, taking the name Rama IV, came to the throne already 47 years old. But they had acquired a wide range of knowledge during this time in yellow robes, speaking and reading several European languages with a sound grasp of their politics and cultures. Beset by powerful colonial powers on either flank, Mongkut sought connections to other powers that might help redress the balance of power. British desires for commercial hegemony seemed less harmful to their kingdom's independence than France's record of conquest in southern Vietnam, and in 1855 the king gave them the treaty they sought. But the French took Saigon in 1859 and looked likely to press deeper into modern-day Cambodia, then ruled by Siam. And so Mongkut sent a proposal to Washington, addressed to President James Buchanan. The United States should import Siamese elephants, the king suggested, as they could provide valuable labor in undeveloped areas just as they did at home. Lincoln, in office by the time the Siamese letter arrived, politely declined and noted that steam power could fulfill the same needs. Mongkut's proposal had much greater merit than Lincoln and later amused writers have allowed. The elephant is a famously hard worker, and in the days before electrification and the internal combustion engine it offered a very mobile heavyweight force for lifting and carrying. Trade in elephants would have established a connection to a non-European power, something the king deeply desired, and forged ties outside Britain or France.
A Siamese Army supply train. The king did not offer war elephants, but their army did employ them, chiefly in the artillery branch and in the supply train. Elephants pulled heavy artillery, and at times went into battle with light cannon mounted on platforms on their backs. The Siamese general Tengu Kudin deployed elephants bearing light artillery at Kuala Kedah on the Malay Peninsula in 1839 helped crush the fortress garrison of Malay rebels and Rajput mercenaries. Royal Navy observers reported that the Siamese infantry was well-armed with modern muskets, and used the elephant-mounted artillery to spearhead their assault. Against a modern enemy — as Siamese troops faced during the 1893 loss of Laos to the French — elephants proved fantastically vulnerable to both artillery and rifle fire. But against poorly armed rebels they were extremely intimidating, and even effective against Rajput professionals armed with muzzle-loaders. The Variant For many years, one of our distributors — Blackhawk Hobby Distribution — was run by a man named Dan Masterson, who stayed on in sales after the company was sold. Dan, who died several years ago, was a Vietnam veteran who once used an anti-tank rocket to shoot a North Vietnamese elephant loaded with supplies. Dan was a dedicated player of our games, and I think they would have liked this variant. Had Siam provided an elephant corps to the Union war effort, it's open to question how effective they might have been in crushing the Confederacy. But in Daily Content we're not limited to the reasonable, and there's not much in wargaming that's more fun than war elephants. In Dave Powell's Chickamauga & Chattanooga, add the four units of the Siamese elephant corps as follows. In all three Chickamauga scenarios, place all elephant units and their leader in Area 86 with Rosecrans. In all three Chattanooga scenarios, place all of them with Grant (Area 267 in Scenairos Four and Six, Area 298 in Scenario Five). In Scenario Seven, the Grand Campaign, they set up in Area 86 with Rosecrans. Elephant Leader The Siamese corps is a formation, with its own leader, Krisadapiharn (one of Mongkut's many children by assorted concubines; they appointed their 82 children and their dozens of brothers and cousins to military and civil posts). Siamese units may only enter areas if accompanied by their own leader. If Krisadapiharn is killed in action, all Siamese units are removed from play (victory points are not received by the Confederate player for them). Horses and Elephants Horses hate and fear elephants, so cavalry and artillery units may never move into any areas containing one or more friendly elephant units. Elephant units can move into areas containing friendly cavalry or artillery, but this forces each cavalry and/or artillery unit in the area to check morale. Each individual unit rolls against its own morale (don't use area morale), unmodified by any leader's tactical rating. Each cavalry or artillery unit that rolls higher than its morale suffers a step loss. Rampaging Elephants When an elephant unit is eliminated, there is a chance that surviving individual elephants from the destroyed unit may go berserk. Whenever an elephant unit is eliminated (not just reduced), the Union player rolls one die for it and adds one to the result if Krisadapiharn is in the same area. If the modified result is 1 or 2, the elephant unit goes on a rampage at the end of the current combat segment (after all combat is resolved). Resolve the rampage by following these steps in the order shown: If there are one or more friendly units in the area with the rampaging elephant unit, the owning player rolls one die. On a result of 5 or 6, one friendly unit (owning player's choice if multiple units are there) loses one step. That slakes the elephant blood-lust and ends the rampage (remove the elephant from play).
If there are no friendly units in the area with the elephant, or the die roll result in the step above was 1 through 4, the Confederate player chooses any area adjacent to the rampaging elephant's area that contains Union units. The Confederate player rolls one die, and on a result of 5 or 6, one unit in the selected area (owning player's choice if more than one unit is there) loses one step. That ends the rampage (remove the elephant unit from play).
If there are no friendly units in any area adjacent to the rampaging elephant unit, or if the die roll result in Step 2 was 1 through 4, the player owning the elephant chooses any area adjacent to the rampaging elephant unit that contains one or more enemy units. The Union player rolls one die, and on a result of 5 or 6, one enemy unit in the selected area (owning player's choice if more than one is there) loses one step. That ends the rampage (remove the elephant unit from play).
If there are no units in the same area as a rampaging elephant or in any adjacent area, then simply remove the elephant unit from play. Casualties inflicted by rampaging elephants do generate victory points for the Confederate player. Charging Elephants Elephant units have two movement points. They may conduct Cavalry Charges (10.0) under all the same rules, but may not be combined in the same charge with Union cavalry. If they charge an area containing Confederate cavalry, before the charge is resolved the Confederate player must check the morale of each cavalry unit in the target area. Each individual unit rolls against its own morale (don't use area morale), unmodified by any leader's tactical rating, but add one to the result. Each cavalry unit that rolls higher than its morale suffers a step loss. In the event of a successful charge, elephant units may not pursue (10.7). Elephant Guns Elephant units are also artillery units. They may conduct bombardment (11.0) attacks, but like any unit they may not bombard and charge in the same turn. Elephants as Targets Elephant units are very vulnerable to enemy artillery fire. Add one to the bombardment die roll result if the target area includes an elephant unit. In an exception to rule 11.3, this is in addition to any other one modifier (a maximum of +2 if elephants are present). Seeing the Elephant The morale of all Confederate units adjacent to an elephant unit is reduced by one in Scenario One or the first day of Scenarios Three or Seven. You can get your very own laser-cut, nicely and thick, scorchless and sootless elephant pieces in the Snowfall 2014 Golden Journal. Order Chickamauga now and get the most out of your free elephants! Mike Bennighof is president of Avalanche Press and holds a doctorate in history from Emory University. A Fulbright Scholar and award-winning journalist, they have published over 100 books, games and articles on historical subjects. They live in Birmingham, Alabama with their wife, three children and their dog, Leopold. Leopold knows nothing of elephants.
During a visit to Mason City, Iowa, presidential candidate Hillary Clinton resurrected an old Democratic theme -- that the rich pay less in taxes than working people do.
"Hedge fund managers themselves make more and pay less in taxes than nurses and truck drivers," they said during the May 18, 2015, visit.
This is a topic we've delved into several times previously, but the way Clinton worded this claim makes it particularly off-base.
Usually, the claims we've seen specifically refer to whether a nurse or truck driver pays a higher tax rate than a millionaire -- in other words, a higher percentage of their income in taxes, rather than a higher dollar amount. But Clinton didn't make that distinction in their remarks, at around 12:45 in this video . (Later that day, Clinton appeared at another event in Iowa and used the term "tax rates.")
Let's take a closer look. The available data isn't perfect for making this sort of comparison, but we'll use the most appropriate data we can find and note the caveats.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , the median 52-week earnings for industrial truck and tractor operators was $30,888 a year. For registered nurses, it was $56,680 a year, and for nurse practitioners it was $87,516 a year.
Let's take the most extreme example. Say a nurse makes $100,000, which is actually well above the median for the most well-compensated category of nurse. According to the Urban Institute-Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center, taxpayers earning between $75,000 and $100,000 pay an average tax rate of 15.7 percent, which includes not just income taxes but also payroll and other federal taxes.
So that nurse earning $100,000 is going to pay, on average, $15,700 in federal taxes for the year. Nurse practitioners earning the median income level, or registered nurses, would pay less. So would truck drivers, who earn less to begin with.
Now let's look at the hedge fund manager. The IRS calculated that in 2012, the 400 highest-income households in the country averaged $336 million in income, and the cutoff to make that list of 400 was about $140 million in income. We can be pretty sure there's overlap between the IRS list of 400 and hedge fund managers, since the most recent top 10 list of highest-earning fund managers runs from annual earnings of $425 million all the way up to $1.3 billion.
These 400 households paid an average of $56 million in taxes each. In other words, these fund managers were paying multi-million-dollar tax bills to the IRS, compared to an above-average example of a nurse paying $15,700. So using taxes paid, Clinton is incorrect.
What if Clinton meant tax rates?
Roberton Williams of the Urban Institute-Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center told us they suspect that the point Clinton intended to make was that the primary source of income earned by hedge fund managers, known as "carried interest," is taxed as capital gains and not as earnings, and as a result, they face a rate of 20 percent plus surtaxes of 3.8 percent and 1.2 percent. In addition, there is no payroll tax payable on this income. By contrast, the income of ordinary workers is subject to both income and payroll taxes. This can narrow or erase the tax-rate gap between the two groups, at least in some cases.
Is it theoretically possible that a particular nurse pays a larger share of their or their income in taxes than a particular hedge-fund manager? Yes -- each category has some variation in tax rates paid. But if you look at the typical case, Clinton's claim paints a distorted picture of the nation's tax structure -- and that's if you grant that they meant to say "tax rates" rather than "taxes."
Looking at income taxes alone, the average tax rate -- income taxes paid divided by adjusted gross income -- for the IRS top 400 is 16.7 percent.
By comparison, the median trucker is paying approximately 6 percent of income in taxes (and there's a decent likelihood that they are paying no income taxes at all, after consideration is made for exemptions and credits). So the median trucker is paying a much smaller percentage of income in taxes than a hedge fund manager.
We should note that the definitions of income and taxes used by the Tax Policy Center and the IRS top-400 study are not exactly the same. The Tax Policy Center used a broader definition of both income and taxes than the IRS study did, which casts some doubt on the merits of comparing tax rates. When comparing total tax paid, however, the difference is so vast that methodological variations are not going to make much of a dent.
Also, Williams noted that focusing on the top 400 earners effectively zeroes in on the best-compensated hedge-fund managers. We don't have comprehensive data on the full spectrum of compensation for hedge-fund managers. However, even if one lowers the estimated income threshold for hedge fund managers to $1 million a year, the Tax Policy Center, using its methodology, suggests that people in that income bracket pay 34.6 percent of their expanded income in taxes, which is quite a bit higher than nurses and truck drivers do. (The lower tax rate in the top-400 list likely stems from the particular mix of income streams among the very wealthiest, which tend to get more favorable tax treatment.)
Clinton campaign spokesperson Josh Schwerin told PolitiFact that, as they have in other appearances, Clinton was "making the point that a nurse making $66,000 per year is in the 25 percent tax bracket while many hedge fund managers are paying less than a 24 percent rate on millions of dollars they earn."
However, we'll note that a person's tax bracket refers to the rate paid on the last dollar they earn, not what they pay overall in taxes compared to their full earnings. The latter is what Clinton's phrasing suggests.
Our ruling
Clinton said that hedge fund managers "pay less in taxes than nurses and truck drivers."  They are certainly wrong for dollar amounts, which is what their statement was about. If they meant to say tax rates, that's more complicated, and the data doesn't clearly back up the point. Here, we're looking at just taxes paid, so we rate their claim False.
UPDATE, May 20, 2015, 2:30 p.m.: This article has been updated to reflect a comment from Clinton's campaign staff. The rating has not been changed.
A galaxy far, far away has finally come to the Middle Kingdom.
Disney's latest Star Wars franchise The Force Awakens debuted in China over the weekend, and took in an estimated $53 million, the “biggest Saturday-Sunday box-office opening” ever in China, the studio said.
The film's China performance is nothing next to its big triumph in the US where it generated over $238 million in the opening weekend. Nor is it comparable to the China opening of action movie Furious 7, which broke single day records for any film ever released in the country with a $63.2 million gross last April.
That's in part because the Star Wars franchise was, until recently, a western cultural phenomenon unfamiliar to many Chinese—it's not uncommon for people to mix up Star Wars with Star Trek in China. When the first film of the original Star Wars trilogy was screened in the US in 1977, China was still recovering from the chaotic Cultural Revolution, and western movies were banned as “spiritual pollution.” When the second trilogy appeared in China more than a decade ago, its film market was much smaller than it is now.
So for many Chinese moviegoers, The Force Awakens is the first movie of the franchise they've ever watched.
Their feedback is mixed, judging from Douban (link in Chinese), a popular entertainment website that is like a combination of IMDB and Myspace.
“I just could not tell the exact story line… The first half made me dizzy. The foreign princess made me excited but the story somehow became a reunion of the middle-and-old aged?,” one blogger wrote, referring to Leia.
China's loyal Star Wars lovers reminisced like US fans. ”The opening background and the familiar but aging characters really bring back my childhood memories,” one blogger wrote. Another wrote “I wish I could finish watching the franchise in my lifetime.”
“The story is still about transmigration, the chosen one who saves the world, the undying starring characters and an overdramatic robot,” another one wrote, “but I am still a big fan of [screenwriter and producer] J.J. Abrams. They successfully combined their style with the Star War traditions!”
After it bought Lucasfilm in 2012, Disney began aggressively promoting the Star Wars franchise in China.
Four decades late, the original Star War trilogy was screened at the Shanghai International Film Festival last year. Stormtroopers will stand with Mickey Mouse in the new Shanghai Disneyland, and Disney named Chinese pop star Lu Han (often described as China's answer to Justin Bieber) the official “Star Wars” ambassador and an honorary Jedi to tap their large fan base—mostly young Chinese girls. ”Anything about you Lu Han, I will definitely go for it,” one female fan wrote on Chinese microblog Weibo (link in Chinese, registration required).
After all the marketing hype, many Chinese moviegoers are also viewing the other six films of the Star Wars franchise, legally on Tencent's QQ or via pirated downloads. Some are learning that the saga is as much about politics and individuals fighting against a repressive government as light sabers and spacecraft—but the lesson they're taking away isn't what George Lucas may have intended. ”A democratic parliament seems to be chaotic while a dictator-run empire seems to be stable. That's worth our thinking,” one blogger wrote on Douban.
“The Republic cannot control the military and the parliament so it's fallen,” another wrote. “What can democracy do? It still depends on weapons!”
Echo Huang Yinyin contributed reporting
A UK judge in the High Court of Justice's Chancery Division today ruled that Samsung's Galaxy Tab does not infringe upon the design of Apple's iPad because Samsung's tablet isn't well-designed enough to be confused with Apple's product. In the ruling, UK Judge Colin Biriss said that Galaxy Tab models "do not have the same understated and extreme simplicity which is possessed by the Apple design," concluding with the rather subjective claim that "they are not as cool." The court did find that there were major similarities in the design, noting that "the view from the front is really very striking. The Galaxy tablets are not identical to the Apple design but they are very, very similar in this respect." However, differences in the styling of the backs of the tablets and "the thinness of the Galaxy tablets" was apparently enough to overcome that front-facing similarity.
Regardless of the dig on Samsung's design sensibilities, the company has to be pleased with the ruling — according to Bloomberg, Samsung offered the following statement following its victory: "should Apple continue to make excessive legal claims in other countries based on such generic designs, innovation in the industry could be harmed and consumer choice unduly limited." This victory is rather timely for Samsung — just last week, Apple won a preliminary injunction to prevent the Galaxy Tab 10.1 from being sold in the US. Overall, the UK courts haven't been quite as kind to Apple lately — the same UK High Court ruled last week that three of Apple's patent claims were invalid, bolstering HTC's defense against the company.
Republican Utah Gov. Gary Herbert is blasting Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE for not visiting the state ahead of next week's caucuses.
“Every presidential candidate is coming to Utah except one. We've come to expect nothing less from the Clintons,” Herbert tweeted on Friday.
ADVERTISEMENT
All of the other presidential contenders — Republicans John Kasich, Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE and Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE, as well as Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE — are visiting the state.
While Clinton hasn't scheduled a visit before the March 22 caucuses, their daughter, Chelsea Clinton, stopped in Salt Lake City to meet with voters.
Herbert hasn't made an official endorsement, but says he'd back GOP front-runner Donald Trump if they win the nomination.
The two-term Utah governor has slammed Clinton before, saying they don't trust them and that Republicans need the right nominee to keep them out of the White House.
The Internet is a strange and fickle land. As bountiful as it is barren, very few things can find a stronghold in such an environment. Mighty empires have fallen through the years at the hands of the next, newer, better something. Many times, popularity on the Internet fades with time, leading the latest Internet junk to simply disappear without warning. People often just move on, in search of another flavor. It's hard to measure what has the most potential to be sustainable on the Web. But, in two decades of the Internet's popular culture, there is one for sure currency with which any entity can barter staying power: Cuteness.
Ariel Griggs, 29, an tax agency owner and mother of two, had no intention on managing Internet commodities, but cuteness is one of those forces that no one can predict. So, in the days leading to Thanksgiving, when pictures of their 22-month-old son, Ashton Howell, began popping up in social media timelines across the world, they became as frightened as they were confused.
"My first thought was, 'How did they get my baby's pictures? I mean, I don't have these pictures,'" Griggs says.
"I'm thinking, 'Let's report it.' You know, pictures are very intimate to me, very private. But it got to the point where it was like wildfire. You couldn't stop it. I was very anxious and worried about their safety."
Griggs, who only primarily uses social media to promote their Mobile-area tax business, knew that the photos could not have come from their page. In fact, they didn't recognize the photos. When looking for a culprit, Griggs knew it could not have been Ashton's father. They don't have social media.
"I knew there was only one other person that would be this close to my son - that'd be my brother," Griggs says.
Griggs' brother, 18-year-old Steven Small, is a first-year student at UC Berkeley, who admitted to posting the photos on their Instagram account. Griggs says their brother babysat Ashton regularly before going on to college.
"He thought it was funny to dress Ashton up, putting their 'little' big head in caps and stuff and taking pictures of him. I found out they have tons of pictures of Ashton on Instagram. I guess people just thought their pictures were cute and went from there," they say.
"I'm kind of leery of social media. I kinda think that my brother set this up as a ploy to get more followers on Instagram, but they haven't admitted, yet."
Whether or not Small gained more followers, Ashton has a huge following. However, their celebrity has not come by their own name.
"I see that they call them 'Honey Bun Baby,'" Griggs says. "I thought that was so funny. People have been asking if I can have another child and name them 'Cinnamon Roll.'"
Ashton, Alabama's Honey Bun Baby, is the Internet's newest child star 34 Galleries: Ashton, Alabama's Honey Bun Baby, is the Internet's newest child star
The most popular photo of the Honey Bun Baby is a picture of Ashton donning a red skull cap, smirking into a camera. The meme has become a catchall for a range of emotions, typically relating to mischievous behavior.
Arguably, the most popular iteration of the meme to date has a caption that reads that Ashton's face is a face you make "when you find the hidden piece of sweet potato pie."
This adorable, lighthearted quip became a gem in the Thanksgiving humor treasure trove, alongside Pastor Shirley Caesar's "Beans, Greens, Potatoes and Tomatoes" song. Actor and singer Tyrese posted the photo to their Instagram page, a highlight for Griggs. But social media enthusiasts found humor in the photo far beyond their affinity for dessert items.
"After Thanksgiving, I'm starting to see more that are the crazy ones. The last couple memes I've seen, they've been a little X-rated. I don't want people looking at my baby's picture and thinking of stuff like that!"
Griggs says they still struggle a bit to come to terms with accidental fame, but their most important priority is keeping Ashton grounded as they mature.
"People ask me, 'Oh! He's famous. What are you going to do now?'"
"Well, they are a child. I want to keep their lifestyle. I know this may be too far-fetched to think, but I don't want them to be like one of those kid stars who become horrible adults. I just don't want them to have a hard time adjusting."
Now that Ashton has entered the realm of Internet child stars, many social media users are comparing them to the reigning adorable meme kid, Gavin, an elementary-aged Minnesotan, who, similarly to Ashton, was introduced to the world via a social media savvy uncle.
"I don't think there should be competition. They are both children. There's no competition," Griggs says.
Some users have posted that the two kids should come together and produce an act of the ultimate Internet cuteness. Griggs agrees.
"Gavin is a little older and Ashton is young. Maybe they could collaborate together on something that involves Gavin showing Ashton the ropes. That'd be cute."
What does Ashton think of all the success their cute gaze has garnered?
Griggs says she's confident they haven't let their celebrity go to their head.
"He doesn't know what's going on. They still want their nap time. He's still cranky in the morning. And getting on the potty is still big business."
For more reactions to Ashton the Honey Bun Baby from around the Web, look below!
Something dangerous is happening in the American media.
Jim Rutenberg, a media columnist for The New York Times , recently argued that journalists have no choice but to abandon “normal” journalistic standards in covering Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump because “Mr. Trump is conducting their campaign in ways we've not normally seen.” It's hard to think of a more alarming statement.
Rutenberg's approach—which many others seem to share—is especially evident in the media when not only Trump, but also Russian President Vladimir Putin is involved. In combination, the two seem specially formulated to prompt journalists to cast aside not only their objectivity, but necessary standards of evidence. One particularly vivid example is a recent article by Newsweek's former Moscow Bureau Chief Owen Matthews, entitled “How Vladimir Putin is Using Donald Trump to Advance Russia's Goals.” But we will return to that later.
Notwithstanding Trump's flaws as a presidential candidate (or, for that matter, Hillary Clinton's), and without accepting Putin's troublesome conduct, how can individual journalists simultaneously assert that their work has special value, and deserves social respect, even as they decide when “normal” standards apply and when they don't? More dangerously, what are the consequences when many journalists simultaneously choose not to apply rigorous standards to their reporting?
If journalists essentially set their own standards, they erase the distinction between reporting and advocacy. Taking that approach to its logical conclusion turns journalism into a collection of one-person campaigns against real and imagined evils, often with little factual basis. Conversely, if a large number of American journalists suspend their standards in reporting on a particular issue, they can warp the country's public debates and damage both our policy and our society.
None of these observations are new. They are—or should be—self-evident. In their famous account Liberty and the News , which appeared after World War I, Walter Lippmann warned, “the most destructive form of untruth is sophistry and propaganda by those whose profession it is to report the news. The news columns are common carriers. When those who control them arrogate to themselves the right to determine by their own consciences what shall be reported and for what purpose, democracy is unworkable.”
Yet the very perils that Lippmann pointed to keep sabotaging American journalism, perhaps most recently in the period before the 2003 war in Iraq. Afterward, The New York Times itself acknowledged that its reporters relied too heavily on information from “a circle of Iraqi informants, defectors and exiles bent on ‘regime change.'” As a result, journalists at the Times and other publications who saw a unique danger from a despicable dictator with fictitious nuclear weapons gave far too little scrutiny to the objectives, potential costs, and possible consequences of a major U.S. war. They failed either to adequately inform the U.S. public or to check government power.
Here we go again.
Russia today presents formidable national security challenges to the United States that often require tough responses. Yet precisely because Russia's challenges are formidable, U.S. responses should be serious, informed, and effective—something virtually impossible in a climate when attempting to analyze and describe the sources of Russia's conduct is loudly decried as “pro-Russian.”
None of this prevented Newsweek's Owen Matthews from attempting to do so in an article attacking Trump and (apparently) individuals or entities whom they found to be connected to the Republican candidate somewhere on the internet. Instead, Matthews commits journalistic sins that defy credulity and, if repeated regularly by others, threaten the foundations of a free society—just as Walter Lippmann warned.
To start, Matthews assailed the Center for the National Interest, this magazine, and the magazine's Advisory Council Chairman Richard Burt without contacting any of us to confirm what they assert. The first obligation of any reputable journalist is to give the subjects they are writing about a chance to provide their version of events. Amazingly, Matthews never bothered to do so. Are their editors indifferent to their blithe disregard for fundamental journalistic obligations? Or do they agree with Rutenberg that where Trump, Putin or others they don't like are concerned, “normal” standards don't apply?
Next, Matthews draws very heavily on a single source, an article in Politico by James Kirchick. Indeed, they lean on Kirchick to such an extent that they repeat one of their sentences nearly verbatim, stating that “In May 2014, the two institutions held a joint press conference defending Russia's position in Ukraine.“ Kirchick had written that “In May 2014, the two think tanks held a press conference defending Russia's position in Ukraine.” But Kirchick, a neoconservative polemicist who has no problem thumping their chest about democracy abroad while simultaneously justifying a military coup at home should Trump be elected president, may not exactly be the most careful or disinterested source.
In fact, there was no “joint press conference” of the Center for the National Interest and the Institute for Democracy and Cooperation, the Russian organization to which Matthews and (earlier) Kirchick refer. While the Institute's director did speak during a Center event in May 2014, it was neither “joint,” nor a “press conference,” nor “defending Russia's position in Ukraine.” The event—a media call—was solely sponsored by the Center and featured Center Executive Director Paul Saunders, a former George W. Bush administration political appointee who worked on human rights and other issues at the State Department and was critical of Russia's conduct, and the director of the Institute for Democracy and Cooperation, who was clearly identified as an advisor to Russia's presidential administration and was advertised as providing “a Russian perspective.” In view of the escalating conflict in eastern Ukraine at the time, this Russian perspective was precisely why the Center considered the event to be of possible interest to a U.S.-based audience.
Had Matthews tried to contact the Center for the National Interest to verify any of what they wrote, the Center staff could easily and gladly have told them this. [Instead, Matthews has now written us on September 12 to say, "I am very sorry that we made an error and have corrected the web version to acknowledge the fact that the meeting hosted by the Centre for the National Interest in May was not a press conference jointly with the Institute of Demcoracy and Cooperation as we wrongly suggested but a round table discussion with their participation." Well, well, well. In this instance, it is not a case of better late than never for the error should never have been committed in the first place, as one phone call from Matthews to inquire about the event would immediately have dispelled this canard. This they did not do, as they were too lackadaisical to follow basic journalistic conventions.] If they had investigated the Institute for Democracy and Cooperation, or merely tried to call the group, they would have discovered that its New York office has been closed for some time—something they did not report and apparently did not realize.
Matthews' attempt to imply some nefarious hidden meaning underlying the fact that Russia's Ambassador to the United States attended Trump's speech at the Center for the National Interest in April 2016 is particularly revealing. Had they made even a minimal effort, Matthews could easily have learned that three other foreign ambassadors attended the event, representing close U.S. allies and partners—Italy, the Philippines and Singapore. But perhaps Matthews would not have cared about this once they were able to cherry-pick something they seem to find somehow incriminating.
But what is so controversial about Russia's ambassador attending a televised speech by a major presidential candidate as one of approximately 130 guests? Russia is a nuclear superpower and a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council. President Obama, Secretary of State John Kerry and other U.S. officials regularly speak with their Russian counterparts. One wonders whether Matthews met with any Russian officials while serving as Newsweek's Moscow Bureau Chief—a role featured in their official biography. If so, is they not tainted too? Or does Matthews think that they alone has the strength and courage to resist the siren call of Russian propaganda?
This makes clear just how preposterous Matthews' guilt-by-association tactics really are. The reality is that no serious reporter could do their or their job effectively in Moscow without interacting with Russian officials and other sources connected to the Russian government. Americans should want their journalists to be well-connected and well-informed.
And Americans should want the same from their think tanks, whose mandate is to provide independent research and perspectives to the public and to U.S. policymakers. U.S. officials certainly want that, and have sought to encourage unofficial dialogue between U.S. and Russian think tanks and universities. Even some considered quite hawkish toward Moscow, such as former NATO Commander General Philip Breedlove, have called for this .
The furor over the Confederate flag, think I, has little to do with the Confederate flag, which is a pretext, an uninvolved bystander. Rather it is about a seething anger in the United States that we must not mention. It is the anger of people who see everything they are and believe under attack by people they aren't and do not want to be—their heritage, their religion, their values and way of life all mocked and even made criminal.
The talking heads inside Washington's beltway, in editorial suites in New York, do not know of this anger. They do not talk to people in Joe's Bar in Chicago or in barbecue joints in Wheeling. They are cloistered, smug, sure of themselves. And they are asking for it.
We are dealing with things visceral, not rational. Confusing the two is dangerous. Hatreds can boil over as syllogisms cannot. The banning of the flag infuriates, for example, me. Why? Although a Southerner by raising, I would far prefer to live in New York City than in Memphis. Yet I value my boyhood in Virginia and Alabama. My ancestors go back to the house of Burgesses, and I remember long slow summer days on the Rappahannock and in the limestone of Athens, Alabama.
When the federal government and the talking heads want to ban my past—here, permit me to exit momentarily the fraudulent objectivity of literature—I hate the sonsofbitches.
A lot of people quietly hate the sonsofbitches.
To them, to us, the Confederate flag stands for resistance to control from afar, to meddling and instruction from people we detest. It is the flag of “Leave me the hell alone.” And this Washington, Boston, and New York will…not…do.
A surprise may be coming.
What is the anger about? Most visibly, but far from uniquely, race: the illegals, the Knock-Out game, and Washington's protection of both. The racial hostility that pervades the country today is largely the doing of the talking heads and its perverse social policies. The rancor is unlike anything I have seen.
Curious. When I was a lad age ago, I thought well of Brown vs. the School board. Southerners said that integration would never work and they were right, but what came before was just wrong. I thought so then, and I think so now. I favored the civil-rights acts. I reluctantly favored affirmative action (I was very young) thinking it meant a hand up instead of an entitlement. I wrote hopefully of the prospect of educating blacks.
But look what happened. We now see forced hiring of the incompetent as a right, endless accounts of blacks destroying shopping malls, burning cities, brutally attacking whites in gangs, and the giving to blacks of anything they want because they are black. You don't like the Confederate flag, Jesse? Why then, it must go. Whatever you say, Jesse.
It wasn't this way, but it is now. It is getting worse. But there is far more than race. We now are compelled to live in a national sexual-freak show. Day after day the media are full of trans-this and trans-that, of homosexual marriages, all thrust in our faces, a parade of prancing peculiarities demanding and demanding and demanding. People who dare not say so are sick of it.
It isn't viciousness. I don't know anyone who wants to persecute the erotically baroque. Poofters in particular are usually bright, productive, decent people, and do not attack whites in wheelchairs with hammers. Yet I weary of their endless tedious concerns. I say, go. Go with God, but for God's sake go. Or just shut up. That would do as well.
I, we, will be told, “But Fred, homosexuality is natural.” So is hemorrhagic tuberculosis. So is sadism. So is genocide.
Any sexual predilection can be called natural, and arguments can be made for all of them: Polygamy, or marriage with a sheep, or copulating on a public bus, or sex with girls of nine years. (How about, “Sex is natural. Children are erotic: Don't they play doctor? Little girls are only afraid of it because of puritanical conditioning by society. Oral sex feels good, and adults do it, so why not…? Why shouldn't their father gently teach her….” And so on.)
And crime is out of control, protected by a President and Attorney General with whom we, so many Americans, have nothing in common, who dislike us, and who want to disarm us and flood our country with illegal and incompatible aliens.
Do you think that wanting a gun is silly? Last week I started getting emails: “Chuck got shot.” On Breitbart I found that Chuck De Caro, a journalist and friend for so long that I forget how I met him, had checked into a motel in Albuquerque with their wife, whereupon an armed dirtbag tried to rob them and perhaps worse. I suppose that a white couple in their sixties must have seemed a soft target. Oops. It wasn't a swell career move. Chuck is ex-Special Forces and a longtime war correspondent. Threatening their wife doesn't fly well with him.
Anyway, Chuck apparently had other ideas about being robbed and perhaps killed. They also had a handgun. In the ensuing gunfight, they were hit several times and rushed to the hospital. Chuck will be okay, the dirtbag less so. They escaped to the parking lot, where they decided to lie down and bleed to death. A good choice. The news stories didn't describe the perp, which meant….
This gem, Tomorio Walton, is, or was, a career criminal and was, of course, on parole. Can you guess why so many of us want guns and carry permits? Characteristically I had to find the photo in the Mail Online, an English paper.
Then there is the de-Christianizing of the country. Religion, both historically and currently, is a potent thing. Play with it at your risk. It is not always really a matter of religion. Many of us, I among them, are not believers but value Christmas and its traditions. But no. We must not have nativity scenes or sing Christmas carols on public streets. Easter-egg hunts are unconstitutional. Mommy Washington doesn't like them, and we have to do what Washington says.
Unless, of course, one day we don't.
We are winding a spring.
Stoking the flames under the pressure cooker is the unending, ever-tightening control of every aspect of life by Washington. People inside the city's beltway, a venue I know well, do not understand what they are playing with. They are sure that they know best, and they are going to make us toe the line.
Federal bureaucrats tell people in Casper, Laredo, and Knoxville what they can and cannot teach their children in the schools, what religious practices they may have and what their children may eat. They set curricula, determine to whom bakeries must sell cakes, decide who can marry what, and with whom we must associate.
I could go on. There is quiet fury about open borders, the forced acceptance of criminal aliens, of 100,000 Somalis by Minnesota, the endless wars, the declining standard of living, the insane censorship (say “nigger” and your career of thirty years ends) and the ungodly surveillance. Washington pushes, pushes, and pushes, thinking that with just enough pressure, we will all come to kowtow.
What if one day we don't?
And there is governmental corruption, the sense—“realization,” I would say—that Washington is entirely in the hands of the arms manufacturers, of the Israeli lobby, of big pharma and ethnic lobbies and, well, anyone who bribes Congress. Elections are a sham, serving only to decide the division of the spoils for eight years. All decisions of importance are carefully kept out of the public's hands.
Maybe Washington will always get away with it. Maybe it won't. White Americans are an obedient and passive people, easily cowed, but maybe enough will prove enough. Maybe things will blow. Maybe jurisdictions will just ignore the feds, as begins to happen.
But it is dangerous. The economy declines, people out of college can't get jobs, the ghettoes simmer, automation surges across the board, and one day soon we will have cutbacks in the entitlements. When groups begin competing for dwindling resources, things will get ugly. It could explode. It really could. You might be surprised how many people out there think, “Bring it on.” Not a good idea, but we go that way.
Tick Tick. Tick.
Eight PKK militants killed, 12 arrested
DİYARBAKIR - Anadolu Agency
AA photo
Eight outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) militants, who carried out separate attacks on a number of police targets over the past few days, were killed by security forces, Diyarbakır governor's office said on April 16.
A police station, a gendarmerie command post and a police shuttle in southeastern Turkey were all attacked separately.
PKK militants assaulted a gendarmerie command post in the Hani district on April 11 with a car bomb.
Separately, the PKK struck Diyarbakır's Çinar Police Department on April 14 with rocket launchers as they also attacked a police shuttle bus on March 31 in the center of Diyarbakır.
According to the April 16 statement, eight PKK terrorists were killed and at least 12 others arrested while nine firearms and five hand-made grenades were seized.
Left-fascism is the version of fascism which is generally associated with the so-called “Left” which is exhibited in many nodes of American culture but particularly at some universities. Many people know it as “political correctness” but it goes much deeper than just that.
Though Left-fascism embraces the Marxist ideas of “hierarchy” and “oppression” and other tenants associated with the radical Left, Left-fascism has more in common with Goebbels and Hitler than it does with anything which could remotely be called “liberal.” God forbid (trigger warning: I used the name of God, oh wait too late) any legitimate quest for truth or beauty. Left-fascism, driven by the grievance studies crowd, is an oppressive, anti-intellectual, anti-liberal, anti-human (even anti-humanist) ethos of death and self pity. It is a philosophy of second class minds.
And the thing is, the Left-fascists know it. That's why they have to bully everyone.
That's what these people are, bullies. The PC brigade hides behind bureaucracy and speech codes because they know that it's all bull. They may convince themselves that what they are doing is “correcting language” or evening hierarchies or whatever, but basically theirs is a self loathing (and nearly everybody else loathing) cult who's priests darken the halls of some parts of academia.
To say that Left-fascism is a “progressive” ideology is true and it is also not. In one sense many Left-fascists probably self identify as “progressives,” but in a real sense the Left-fascist worldview is anything but “progressive.”*
This point has been made by many “conservatives” in the past in critiques of Left-fascism. But this falsely pits “conservatives” against the Left-fascists who as mentioned above self identify as “progressives.” This gives the impression that the counter to Left-fascism is a retrograde and reactionary effort. That somehow conservatives should “roll back” the “progressive” efforts of the opposition.
I say no. The counter to Left-fascism, political correctness, is not “conservatism” per se. The “progressives” don't get to define what progress is. They don't define the battlefield. I say progress is the degree to which human beings can achieve their individual potential in peace and without coercion. Progress is the degree to which the average human being, regardless of gender or race can live in peace and freedom.
The philosophy of Left-fascism, with its language codes and love of the state, will never provide freedom. The Left-fascists don't care about freedom, or liberty, or beauty, or truth. They just want a slave master of a different kind.
Universities should push back against Left-fascism. It will take great courage because the red (fascist) guards will come for the heads of the new vanguard of intellectual freedom. This vanguard will be called sexist. Members will be called racist. But the thing is, at this point everyone knows (everyone) that in most instances the people who are called sexist or racist aren't actually sexist or racist.
The Left-fascists bank on the fear of everyday people who know the real deal but don't dare speak out and on liberals in academia, journalism, and government who basically know the real deal but who don't want to betray their “class.” (What history professor at any respectable college wants to be seen as anti-progressive by their or their peers? You can forget ever making tenure – in most instances – if you are seen as an enemy of PC.) This is the key point of cultural leverage for Left-fascists. And it is very tenuous. More tenuous than most understand.
Push through this fear and the bullies will crumble. Like I said the Left-fascists know fundamentally that their entire worldview is excrement. They know this on a deep visceral level. There was a time when most of the PC crowd wasn't in the cult. They remember what sense is even if they can't acknowledge it any longer.
And as we've said before, bullies back down after you give them a shot in the teeth. How much more so for a bully which is delusional?
It is time now to counter Left-fascism and to call it what it is, Left-fascism. Don't counter these people with cultural conservatism though. They know how to deal with that for the most part. Challenge them on the ideals of liberty, truth, beauty, self actualization, privacy, self expression, and intellectual curiosity. Challenge the Left-fascists with CLASSICAL LIBERALISM and then tell them to slink back into the dustbin of history like the fascists of another era.
(From The Washington Post) Is an academic discussion of free speech potentially traumatic? A recent panel for Smith College alumnae aimed at “challenging the ideological echo chamber” elicited this ominous “trigger/content warning” when a transcript appeared in the campus newspaper: “Racism/racial slurs, ableist slurs, antisemitic language, anti-Muslim/Islamophobic language, anti-immigrant language, sexist/misogynistic slurs, references to race-based violence, references to antisemitic violence.” No one on this panel, in which I participated, trafficked in slurs. So what prompted the warning? Smith President Kathleen McCartney had joked, “We're just wild and crazy, aren't we?” In the transcript, “crazy” was replaced by the notation: “[ableist slur].” One of my fellow panelists mentioned that the State Department had for a time banned the words “jihad,” “Islamist” and “caliphate” — which the transcript flagged as “anti-Muslim/Islamophobic language.” Click here for the article.
* It should be noted that all those who identify as “progressive” are not Left-fascists. (An important point.)
** One more point. To be anti-political correctness doesn't mean one should just go around being rude. Respect is the word. Manners are valuable. But we must not let those who are easily offended create a totalitarian environment.
Former Toronto Maple Leafs general manager Dave Nonis is in a battle with the Canada Revenue Agency over taxation of the remaining years on their contract with the team.
Nonis on Tuesday launched legal action against the CRA in Federal Court, seeking an order compelling the agency to reconsider the withholding of their taxes.
At issue is the taxes on the salary Nonis earned and will earn from the Leafs between 2015, when they were fired as GM, until the end of their contract in 2018.
Nonis claims in court documents that the CRA wrongly instructed the Leafs to continue to withhold a portion of their salary, in payment of Canadian taxes.
Nonis, who worked for the Anaheim Ducks before coming to Toronto in December 2008, says they are a resident in the U.S. and pays their taxes accordingly.
While in Canada, they say, they paid taxes as a non-resident based on the pro rated number of days they were physically in the country. They now work from the U.S. as a consultant for the Ducks.
CRA wrote to Nonis in June to say they will be taxed on the rest of their contract as if they were continuing to spend 40 per cent of their time in Canada, the application claims.
That's unfair, Nonis argues, because that money will eventually be refunded to them -- possibly not for 18 months -- and he'll have to get a loan to pay their taxes until then.
“The Applicant would likely have to commercially borrow funds to pay their United States taxes while waiting for a refund from Canada as the amounts payable to the US on their worldwide income could exceed their net income after withhold was taken in Canada.”
Nonis also argues they will lose out on currency exchange for the withheld funds and what they call the “arbitrage spread” taken by the banks when they convert currencies.
The agency has yet to file a response and none of the claims have been proved in court.
The court application does not mention the amount of money at issue in the dispute.
Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment surprised some observers in 2013, when they gave Nonis a five-year extension on their contract -- extending it beyond the length of contracts of any Leafs player, save one.
President Obama on Wednesday confirmed plans to cap the military pay raise at 1.6 percent next year, a move which lawmakers and military advocates have already warned will hurt military families' personal finances.
In a letter to Congress, Obama invoked their executive powers to set the pay level at 0.5 percent below the expected increase in private sector wages, which would mark the fourth year in a row troops' pay hikes failed to keep pace with their civilian peers. The president called the move unfortunate but necessary.
"I am strongly committed to supporting our uniformed service members, who have made such great contributions to our nation over more than a decade of war," Obama wrote. "As our country continues to recover from serious economic conditions affecting the general welfare, however, we must maintain efforts to keep our nation on a sustainable fiscal course.
"This effort requires tough choices, especially in light of budget constraints."
The language is identical to the letter Obama sent to Congress in summer 2015, when they set the military pay raise for this year at 1.3 percent. If it stands, 2017 will mark the seventh consecutive year of military pay hikes below 2 percent.
The president's move is not a surprise, since the White House and Pentagon have been advocating for the 1.6 percent mark since February to preserve funding for other modernization and training priorities. The lower-than-expected raise will save more than $300 million in fiscal 2017 alone, and more than $2.2 billion over the next five years.
And Obama's move does not fully settle the issue of what military pay will be next year. Lawmakers are still fighting over defense funding and authorizations, and could find ways to override their decision.
This is only the second time such a complaint by Google has been rejected A Canadian company behind a search engine called Groovle.com has won a case filed against it by online search giant Google. Google said the domain name used by the small business, 207 Media, was too similar to its own, but mediators the National Arbitration Forum disagreed. In the complaint, Google asked for the judges to rule that 207 Media transfer the domain name over to it. But three judges appointed by the forum refused the request. They said the name was not similar enough to confuse people and the word 'groovle' was more closely linked to "groovy" or "groove" rather than Google. Legitimate interest The judges also refused to examine other claims made by Google, including that the Canadian business had no "legitimate" interest in the domain name and had registered it in "bad faith". The entrepreneurs behind Groovle.com said they had used the site for more than two-and-a-half years without any complaints by Google. The site is powered by Google but describes itself as a way for users to create a customised internet homepage. People can upload personal images onto the site and then go on to search the web from that page. The National Arbitration Forum is an agency, approved by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, to sort out domain name disputes. It is only the second time out of 65 that a complaint made by Google against companies about domain names has been rejected. In 2004, Richard Wolfe, the owner of froogles.com managed to persuade an arbitration panel their site could not be confused with Google.com.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There's plenty of blame to go around for the death of the economic reform project. But was popular resentment of its impacts the ultimate killer?
So far, there have been two competing theories about why the economic reform project has died in Australia: the media blames the politicians, and the politicians blame the media. The first, favoured by some media critics as well, is that reform has been made much harder by the dumbing down of politics and a media obsessed with gotcha journalism that discourages risk-taking among our leaders. The response, mainly from the media and economists, is that the current crop of politicians are duds, and no match in reforming vigour for Hawke, Keating and the early John Howard. "The solution doesn't lie with the media. Politicians need to grow a backbone," insisted Laurie Oakes last week, specifically criticising Lindsay Tanner's Sideshow. To be fair to Tanner, they didn't blame all the media; indeed they specifically singled out some shockjocks for being more prepared to connect large audiences to policy issues than the political journalism professionals. Given politicians are the ones who end up being the agents of reform, there's a self-evident logic in blaming them. And it's hard to see how the media can be blamed at all for some aspects of the retreat from economic rationalism. It was the major political parties -- first the Coalition, then Labor -- who turned against our long and successful history of high immigration last year, unprompted by anything other than focus groups and political cynicism. It's also significant that the current government doesn't have the potent one-two combination that the Hawke government had -- a popular prime minister who provided reassurance to voters and an aggressive Treasurer who provided reform momentum. The Howard government had that, as well, though not as much. Political failure has been more subtle than that, too. If the momentum behind reform stalled under John Howard, Kevin Rudd failed to restore it, talking consistently about reform but not delivering, most painfully on carbon pricing but on tax reform and housing affordability as well. Rudd even had the dubious gift of a global economic crisis to jolt Australians out of any reform complacency they might have had, but failed to use it. But Australia's economists share some of that blame as well. They, too, have failed to sell the case for continuing reform. They've also been lukewarm in their support for the reforms that politicians have embraced. Ken Henry pointed this out last year when they complained about the constant sniping of academic economists following the mining tax controversy. Economists as diverse as Joshua Gans, Judith Sloan and Warwick McKibbin reacted furiously to Henry's remarks. But Ross Gittins nailed them when responded that economists demanding perfect policy had no right to complain about politicians lacking the will for reform. If anything, the culpability of the economics profession has become greater this year. Recall the 1980s, and the sense of urgency policymakers and economists were able to engender in the wider community. Even without Keating's famous "banana republic" line, the conviction that Australia needed to reform, and now, pervaded debate, as if our very future was at stake. Move forward to 2011, and what's the issue economists are trying to inspire us with? What urgent national task do we need to address? Erm, productivity -- a problem economists themselves still struggle to diagnose properly and one that we share with most developed countries anyway. Typically, the business community, which has a long history of only supporting major reforms that benefit the bottom line of business, have seized on productivity to argue for the need to return to IR deregulation. That's despite it being repeatedly demonstrated that the last round of IR reform, WorkChoices, actually undermined labour productivity (as forecast by Treasury). Then again, that's OK if you bear in mind business is focused not on the national interest, but on easy ways to cut costs. And like economists, business has failed to do its bit to back even the limited reforms undertaken by politicians. Most of the business community -- the superannuation sector honourably excepted -- stayed silent while the mining industry mugged the Rudd government last year. Some business leaders then had the hide to whinge when the newly installed Gillard government rushed a deal with the miners that halved the corporate tax cut linked to the mining tax. What about the public? Tanner also suggested the long years of economic growth had sapped the public will for hard reform. Is it just complacency, or is it something more? Earlier this week, Essential Research released some data on questions it asked about support for key elements of the economic reform program of the past 30 years.
Only compulsory super and Medicare (which was instrumental in Labor's selling of reform to the union movement and voters) get majority support. Other key reforms such as the floating of the dollar and the GST are now more widely regarded as good for the economy than bad, and reversing them is not supported. But privatisation, a key element of the reform project, is still regarded with hostility by voters and they would happily see the Commonwealth Bank, Qantas and Telstra all returned to public ownership. This isn't just dewy-eyed nostalgia. After years of interest rate hikes, diminishing service quality and gouging, such a result is hardly unexpected from voters, who were originally sold privatisation on the basis that it would improve efficiency and service quality because the private sector did those things so much better than the public sector. Instead, the dominant perception is of massive executive salaries built on doing over customers. This ties into the perception that the rules of the economic game are now rigged in favour of large corporations and wealthy executives -- the pointy end of which are the #occupy protests and Alan Jones's railing against coal-seam gas. Executive remuneration is one of the focal points of this latent hostility in the community, with wage earners constantly being told to accept real wage cuts or negligible increases while executives reward themselves with double-digit annual increases. From this point of view, more economic reform seems to many people to simply represent a worsening of the current imbalance in the economy. For some in the community, it goes further. Resentment about the changing nature of the Australian economy, away from manufacturing towards services industries, has been driving a form of regional populism since the days of One Nation. It's a sentiment that most recently found expression in the anti-carbon tax rallies, composed more or less of the losers from a generation of economic reform, older white people and particularly males, who in previous generations were guaranteed employment for life and an inviolable social status, but who now find they have to compete along with everyone else for economic and social status. Barnaby Joyce and Bob Katter have been effective at tapping this sentiment. Such people -- the class that used to benefit from the socio-economic system, now thrown on hard times -- are easily mocked but are simply the most vocal expression of dismay at the atomisation inherent in the liberal economic reform project. What the economists and politicians and advocates of reform (and I'm one) never point out is that economic reform comes with a trade-off -- higher economic growth, lower inflation and more jobs, but in exchange for a drastic curbing of the role of government, and a replacement of non-economic values with those of the market. In the world created by economic reform, your only value is as a functioning isolated member of a market economy, as a productive employee and big-spending consumer, and you shouldn't rely on the community to soften that reality -- except if you run a large corporation, in which case you can expect the rules of the game to be altered in your favour. In such an atmosphere, voters may well wonder whether it's time not merely that economic reform ended, but that it be reversed.
A Russian deputy has warned Saudi Arabia that any military ground operation in Syria without the Damascus government's consent amounts to a declaration of war.
"Syria has to give official consent, to invite, otherwise it will be a war. The same applies to international law," Pavel Krasheninnikov, the head of the State Duma committee, told Interfax on Friday.
Krasheninnikov said that by promising a ground operation in Syria Riyadh now "intends to send troops to the territory of a sovereign state essentially without declaring a war."
Saudi Arabia on Thursday voiced readiness to participate in any ground operations in Syria if the US-led coalition allegedly targeting terrorists decides to start such operations.
US State Department spokesperson John Kirby also welcomed the Saudi decision.
Saudi Arabia is a member of the so-called US-led coalition that has been conducting air raids against what are claimed to be the Daesh terrorists inside Syria without any authorization from the Syrian government or a UN mandate since September 2014.
The US-led strikes have on many occasions targeted infrastructures and left many civilians dead.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad said during an interview in March 2015 that the US-led military campaign does not aim to “do away” with the terror group.
Washington and its regional allies, including Turkey and Saudi Arabia, have been backing militants fighting against the Syrian government and people. Since the Syria conflict started in 2011, they have been providing military and financial aid to the militants who are accused of widespread war crimes and crimes against civilians.
DETROIT - The Purple Gang was Detroit's most notorious mob.
During the prohibition era, between 1920 and 1933, Detroit was run by bootleggers, hijackers and illegal trade.
Most of this was run by the Purple Gang.
The Purple Gang, also known as the Sugar House Gang, has been labeled the bloodiest gang of its era, with estimates reaching more than 500 rivals killed during bootleg wars.
The Purple Gang controlled Detroit's underworld, including gambling -- especially on horse races and other sporting events -- liquor sales and drug trade. These operations kept the gang rich, netting millions of dollars.
In 1929, making and distributing illegal alcohol was Detroit's No. 2 industry, behind automobiles. By the mid-20s, the city was home to more than 25,000 illegal speakeasies -- most of them controlled by the Purple Gang.
1931: Fall of the Purple Gang: the Collingwood Manor Massacre
In 1931, three members of the Purple Gang were murdered by their own after allegedly betraying gang members.
After being invited to a "peace conference" at an apartment on Collingwood Avenue in Detroit, Herman "Hymie" Paul, "Joe Sutker," and Joseph Lebowitz were gunned down at point-blank range.
As the story goes, Ray Bernstein, one of the Purples' founders, devised a plan to kill the three men for failing to pay back past-due debts. They would use Sol Levine, a friend of both groups, as an accomplice.
After buying an apartment at the Collingwood Manor Apartments, Bernstein convinced Levine that the Purples were partnering with the three men in the liquor business.
The meeting was set for Sept. 16, 1931. The men arrived and, after some conversation, Bernstein waited in the getaway car. Harry Fleisher was cued, stood up and killed all three men. Levine watched it all unfold, helplessly.
The four members of the gang, Bernstein, Keywell, Milberg and Fleisher, fled the scene, leaving Sol Levine as the only eyewitness. Police questioned Levine until they confessed to seeing the murders and telling police who did it.
After the Levine confession, police received an anonymous tip informing them where the Collingwood shooters were. Heavily armed police invaded the area, located at 2649 Calvert, and arrested Bernstein and Keywell in their pajamas. They arrested Irving Milberg the following night, after they tried fleeing the city.
In the end, Milberg, Keywell and Bernstein were convicted of first-degree murder and were sentenced to life in prison. Fleisher was never convicted in connection with the massacre.
At the time, Detroit Police Chief of Detectives, James E. McCarty, said the convictions, "broke the back of the once powerful Purple Gang, writing finis to more than five years of arrogance and terrorism."
The Collingwood Manor Massacre crippled the Purple Gang's influence by leading to the arrests of vital members. Intra-gang rivalries, inter-gang disputes, legal convictions, and multiple homicides weakened the group. Other criminal organizations filled the voids left by the Purple Gang's dismantled empire. The Collingwood Manor Massacre represents the primary moment that the gang's power shifted toward decline. (DHS)
Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
Facebook is once again caught in conservative crosshairs after admitting to briefly blocking links to Wikileaks files of DNC emails.
Both Twitter and Facebook were bombarded with accusations by users claiming they were being restricted from sharing posts regarding the DNC email dump. Wikileaks made reference to the allegations in a series of tweets that also contained instructions detailing how users could dodge the obstructions.
Whereas Twitter flats out denied the assertions against it, calling them "uninformed," Facebook has landed itself in a sticky situation by admitting to temporarily banning the links.
Related: Facebook clarifies Live video censorship guidelines in the wake of graphic video
The social network's CSO Alex Stamos replied to a user on Twitter, who claimed that Facebook's algorithm may have been denoting the links as spam or malicious content, by stating that the issue had been "fixed."
In a statement, a Facebook representative clarified the ban as an accident. "Like other services, our anti-spam systems briefly flagged links to these documents as unsafe. We quickly corrected this error on Saturday evening," said the spokesperson.
The incident is the latest in a string of controversies regarding the censorship of content on Facebook. Earlier this month, the social network came under fire for temporarily removing a graphic clip depicting the death of Philando Castile -- who was shot several times by a police officer during a traffic stop in Falcon Heights, Minnesota, and later died from their wounds.
In May, Facebook faced the biggest challenge to its status as a self-professed, unregulated news platform after a report citing its former employees claimed that an editorial team, not an algorithm, was curating its trending topics feed.
Mesut Ozil says an offer to move to China was ‘tempting and interesting' but ultimately not something they seriously considered because they play football for the love of it, not for financial gain.
The Germany international revealed in their new book ‘Gunning for Greatness' that they could have earned upwards of £100 million over the course of five years following an approach last summer but took only three minutes to reject the idea.
“Money never played a big role for me in football,” Ozil told Goal.com as they again outlined why it was an easy decision.
“I play football because I love it. Sure, you do not earn peanuts and the offer from China was tempting and interesting. But as I said: Money is not everything.
“I want to win titles and I have my goals I want to achieve. That is more important than money. That's why I said from the beginning, that China is not an option for me.”
On the pitch, Ozil has come in for further criticism about their failure to make an impact in big games and for their downbeat body language that many have interpreted as a sign of a laissez-faire attitude.
Despite admitting this time last year that they were working on their body language, it appears that the 28-year-old has accepted he'll always split opinions.
“Some people like me, some people don't. Some people look at my body language and think I don't care. But that's me. I won't change my body language or my style of play drastically anymore.
“Expectations on me were very high everywhere, because I am a player who can make the difference. You have to deal with that.
“There will always be criticism and there will always be praise. But what matters is what the manager tells me. I have said that numerous times. But what I can't understand is when people say: ‘Look, they do not push anymore' or ‘He does not run enough'. If you look at my numbers you can see I run a lot and I show a good attitude.”
In truth, there's not much that's new in the above. The big issue at the moment is whether he'll be around next season to prove the haters wrong.
You suspect if another offer was to come in from China this summer it would take Ozil longer than three minutes to dismiss it and Arsenal might be far more tempted to accept it.
__
You can read the full Ozil interview with Goal.com, here.
Not content with Chelsea taking on Manchester United at the sharp end of the Premier League, André Villas-Boas wants to see the best of the English game challenging at the top of the Championship as well. Chelsea's manager believes youth football in England is due a revolution, and the best way to produce the highest-calibre talent is for top clubs to have a B team to compete outside the Premier League, as is the case in Spain.
"I was always of the opinion that the youth competitions should be differently organised in England," they said. "B sides could be a good option in England – a Chelsea B and a Man United B – and these teams should be able to play.
"I know it collides pretty much against the culture of British football and the defence of the historic principles of British football, but I think these teams should be allowed to play up to Championship level. The reserve league is not as important for it to be the step below the first team. It is not the level it should be."
Reserve team football has become a wasteland and serves minimal useful purpose to England's high and mighty, who prefer to loan out young prospects or established players who are on the periphery, as a better option for those who need game time they are unlikely to get inhouse.
The potential value of the idea is exemplified by Barcelona B. Lionel Messi, Xavi and Carles Puyol head a list of luminaries who have all spent time with the B team. Pep Guardiola and Luis Enrique have both been manager of the side. Although promotion to the top division is not allowed, last season Barcelona B finished third in the second tier of Spanish football.
"I think a reorganisation of the structures of youth competitions would be better," Villas-Boas said. "Each age group from eight-year-olds to 18-year-olds, like in Europe, like in Spain, like in Portugal, like in France, should always have two squads, one squad always competing at national level and other squad competing in regional level.
"These squads should be built like a normal first-team squad of 22 players, with one age group being one year younger – those who play in the regional leagues – and the other group one year older – those who play in the national leagues.
"In the end, competition promotes talent and I think it would be for the benefit of English football."
Stop 1 on Chris Matthews' Whirlwind Tour of LA — which will bring them to their reunion with Ellen DeGeneres — was the "Tonight Show with Jay Leno." Tuesday night Matthews sat down with Leno to discuss the Obama presidency, the possibility of Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State, the bailout of the auto industry,
Matthews admitted to Leno that they have been, and still is, "partial" to Barack Obama.
"Well, I'm partial," they said. "You got me. You nailed me! I've been watching politics since I was a kid and all the way back to the days of Kennedy and Nixon and I've never seen anything like Barack Obama. No one's ever been as inspiring."
Matthews said that Obama's run was "stunning to [him] from the time it started" and described Obama as "a remarkable political reality."
When Leno brought up the topic of Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State, Matthews laughed, saying, "Come on, you're setting me up!" Matthews is a frequent Clinton-antagonist who was recently overheard on a train trashing them as a Cabinet pick.
The always-excited "Hardball" host may was also passionate about the auto industry bailout. Matthews told Leno, a well-known car enthusiast, that if the CEOs of the "Big Three" auto companies are going to become government employees through a bailout, they ought to accept government salaries.
"These auto company CEOs have not had a good year, or a good decade, and they're still making hundreds of millions of dollars," Matthews said. "I think we ought to say, if we're going to be in a bailout situation...stop getting paid like capitalists. You didn't do it," they added, suggesting a $400,000/year cap on their salaries (equivalent to what the President makes).
Why Did the Pope Keep Quiet About Hitler?
How much did the Catholic Church hierarchy know about Hitler's oppression of the Jews as it was happening? And why didn't it speak up? With the opening of the Vatican archives from the pre-World War II years, we can finally explore these heated questions — and German historian Hubert Wolf has dug through the files to find damning evidence that Pope Pius XII, known to critics as “Hitler's pope,” made a conscious decision to pass on the issue, leaving it up to their bishops in Germany to protect the Jews and Catholics who were being persecuted. Even when directly confronted with the growing enormity of the situation, as in this story of a German bishop who did stand up for their morals, the pope avoided public action.*
Clemens August Count von Galen, the bishop of Münster, was a “perfectly ordinary fellow, with quite a limited intellectual endowment, who therefore had not until very recently seen where things were going, and therefore was always inclined to come to terms.” This less than flattering assessment came from none other than Bishop von Preysing of Berlin and dates from the summer of 1941, when Galen gave their three famous sermons in Münster. A completely average person, a child of their time and place, only moderately talented, Galen was not a man who came easily by the moral courage to call the Nazi policy of euthanasia precisely what it was — the murder of innocent human beings.
From the beginning, Galen had been just as critical of the National Socialists as they had earlier been of the Weimar Republic. Although Galen primarily opposed National Socialism for ecclesiastical reasons without questioning the legitimacy of the regime itself, this would change in 1936. In their sermon at the Xanten pilgrimage on September 6, they for the first time formulated something akin to righteous resistance to an unjust regime motivated by human rights and freedom of conscience. Drawing on the Acts of the Apostles (5:29) — “We must obey God rather than men” — Galen celebrated the martyrs of Xanten of late antiquity, to whom humankind owed a debt of gratitude, not only because “of their Christian faith, but also for reasons of human dignity, which they defended with their blood and life! Because at the very moment in which human authority conflicts in its commands with the clearly recognized will of God, witnessed in one's own conscience, it ceases to be the ‘servant of God.'”
Nonetheless, it was a far distance from a sermon about the historical martyrdom of the saints of Xanten to a willingness to become a blood witness to human rights. The tipping point, which could hardly have been more clear and unambiguous, may very well have been a conversation Galen had on June 7 or 8, 1941, with the Dominican priest Odilo Braun. Braun showed them lists of monasteries that had been seized in other dioceses and urged them to act.
Four weeks later, Galen risked a ban and arrest by directly condemning the regime and its henchmen, the Gestapo: “Every German citizen is completely unprotected and defenseless in the face of the physical superiority of the Gestapo.” At this point, Galen was no longer merely defending the rights and claims of the Church; they were now unambiguously advocating for human rights and human dignity. Their sermon on August 3, 1941, has not lost its power to move: “Here we are dealing with human beings, with our neighbors, brothers and sisters, the poor and invalids … unproductive — perhaps! But have they, therefore, lost the right to live? Have you or I the right to exist only because we are ‘productive'? … A curse on men and on the German people if we break the holy commandment: Thou shalt not kill…. Woe to us German people if we not only license this heinous offence but allow it to be committed with impunity!”
Galen's public protests led to a temporary halt in the killing program. The Nazis were hit and had to take public opinion into account. In the Reich chancellery, some around Martin Bormann, its head, considered hanging Galen to intimidate the other bishops — preferably from the church tower of St. Lambert's. Hitler wanted them to stand trial before the People's Court. In the end, Joseph Goebbels's position won out. It was decided to postpone dealing with Galen until the final victory. There was no point in creating Catholic martyrs in the middle of a war, which would only drive the Catholic population to the barricades against the Nazi regime.
Be that as it may, Galen's sermons against euthanasia must be weighed against their silence about the persecution of the Jews. They remained quiet about the Nuremberg laws, Kristallnacht, and the Holocaust. We can only speculate as to the reasons for their silence. There is no doubt, however, that Galen came from an “us and them” milieu in which an undertow of religious and social anti-Judaism was more or less part of everyday life.
Galen was not untouched by these tendencies. For example, on their trip to Lithuania in 1918, they characterized the city of Vilna as “dirty and full of Jews.” Other than that, however, we have hardly any anti-Semitic statements from him. They vehemently criticized the racist premises underpinning National Socialist anti-Semitism and the Nazis' denigration of the Old Testament. In the end, they were convinced of the unity of humankind and of the fact that each individual was created in God's likeness. Galen had close relations with the Münster rabbi Fritz Leopold Steinthal and immediately asked about their well-being after Kristallnacht.
But persecuted Jews were looking for help from the bishop, particularly after the sermons of the summer of 1941. An anonymous petitioner wrote to Galen, “Reverend, as you know, on September 19 … a Jewish sign has been decreed for us, and no one will be permitted on the street without this sign. We are subjected to the mob; everyone may spit on us without our being able to defend ourselves! … Only the insane idea, the crazy hope that somewhere a helper will appear drives me to write this letter. May God bless you!”
If a public protest by a German bishop caused the National Socialists at least partially to limit their murderous policy, it is frequently asked, should that not have been a clear sign to Pius XII? Should that not have encouraged them to give up their indirect pronouncements and condemn the Holocaust publicly, calling it by its name — systematic genocide?
Galen's sermons must have made an extremely long-lasting impression on Pius XII. They are also the reason the pope made them a cardinal in the spring of 1946. Pius XII apparently read these sermons so often that they could recite them by heart. The pope's housekeeper, Sister Maria Pascalina Lehnert, reported on an audience that the pope had with the new cardinal. “With sparkling eyes,” Galen had told her, “how Pius XII recited various passages from their sermons, as if they had learned them by heart, thanking them repeatedly for everything they had done.”
In a letter to Bishop Preysing, their liaison in the German episcopate, dated September 30, 1941, the pope wrote, “The three sermons given by Bishop von Galen also provide us consolation and gratification such as we have long not experienced as we proceed along the way of the Cross on which we accompany the Catholics of Germany.” The bishop had “in a very open but noble manner placed their finger on the wounds and injuries … that each righteous thinking German experiences as painful and bitter.” The pope understood full well that the National Socialists' suspension of their policy would probably only be temporary, and that words alone could not redress the injustice. However, they saw Galen's sermons as evidence of “how much can still be achieved by open and resolute action within the Reich.”
The pope continued with a sentence that sheds light on their own policy of silence in the face of National Socialist injustice: “We emphasize that [point] because the Church in Germany is all the more dependent on your public action, as the general political situation in its difficult and frequently contradictory particularities imposes the duty of restraint on the supreme head of the entire Church in their public proclamations.” Pius XII assured Preysing that public protests by the German bishops had always enjoyed their full support and would continue to be supported in the future.
They were aware that their responses to the National Socialist regime, which consisted of secret diplomatic exchanges of memoranda with the German government and papal petitions, had not had the desired effect. This shows that Pius XII would have liked to speak as openly as Galen.
From Pius's perspective, Galen could speak publicly because, as a German bishop and head of the diocese of Münster, they were responsible only for their flock, whereas the pope's hands were tied, precisely because of their role as supreme shepherd of all Catholics throughout the world. The pope was obliged to remain politically neutral. That was why they could not hurl a thunderbolt at the National Socialists. As Pius realized, at least in 1941, they would have to leave to the bishops the open conflict with the devil.
*Correction: Due to an editorial error, this piece originally referred to the Pope's attitude toward Hitler during the Holocaust; but the archives explored by Wolf only encompass the pre-Holocaust years. We regret the error.
The proposed budget by the Trump administration reportedly includes guidance to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to eliminate the Coast Guard's counter-terrorism and specialized law enforcement units, according to the Associated Press.
The teams proposed to be cut are the Maritime Security and Response Team (MSRT), based in Chesapeake, Virginia and the ten separate Maritime Safety and Security Teams (MSSTs), based around the country.
These teams represent the tactical counter-terrorism and specially trained law enforcement and security capabilities of the Coast Guard, which emerged following the events of 9/11 and the Coast Guard's reorganization within the Department of Homeland Security.
While the Trump budget proposes an increase of $54 billion in spending for the Department of Defense, that does not apply to the Coast Guard. While the service is technically an armed military service, it does not fall under the Department of Defense (DoD).
This strange distinction benefits the Coast Guard in some ways, particularly with liberties it can take while overseas in performing law enforcement missions that the U.S. Navy and Marines cannot undertake themselves.
However, especially with regard to funding, without the beefy DoD budget, the Coast Guard has historically found itself fighting for scraps within the broader budget for DHS and the other federal law enforcement agencies.
Other proposed changes to the Coast Guard include eliminating construction on a new National Security Cutter (NSC), a new and state of the art ship which is designed to replace the 1960s-era cutters currently used by the Coast Guard to execute its maritime missions.
According to the Coast Guard's website, the National Security Cutter is “the centerpiece of the Coast Guard's fleet, capable of executing the most challenging operations, including supporting maritime homeland security and defense missions.” The Coast Guard currently has five operational NSC's, with three more slated for eventual service. This will eliminate the ninth NSC, whose contract was awarded on December 30, 2016.
While none of these changes are officially approved, if they come to fruition the Coast Guard may find itself struggling to fulfill yet another one of its many congressionally-mandated missions.
Image courtesy of U.S. Coast Guard
A mockup of the St. Clair Shores Fighting Saints' home and away jerseys (Photo: Courtesy of the Saints)
Detroit's new minor league hockey team will be called the St. Clair Shores Fighting Saints and will play its first game at the city's Civic Arena on Stephens Road in early November.
The team's name, logo and colors were released at a news conference this afternoon.
The Fighting Saints become the latest member of the Federal Hockey League, which has teams in the Northeast and Midwest, including the Port Huron Prowlers, who captured the Commissioner's Cup championship in April.
The Fighting Saints will be "navy, kelly green and Vegas gold," with the image of a menacing Spartan warrior holding a hockey stick at the top of the logo.
"We wanted to reflect the rich heritage and history of youth hockey in St. Clair Shores by using Saints in the name," newly appointed general manager and associate head coach Brandon Contratto told the Free Press today. "They have a red-and-white color scheme; we went with something new but still keeping identity with the youth program here."
Former Michigan hockey standout Dave Debol, a St. Clair Shores native, has been named head coach and director of hockey operations of the Fighting Saints. The franchise will be run by Global Hockey Management and headed by Ontario business person and former Czech player Michael Kolarik.
"We are here to stay, but we need to build a fan base," said Contratto, 25, who played hockey at Michigan-Dearborn and then in the Czech Republic. "I think we'll be good, but there are plenty of challenges ahead of us."
Contratto said the 2016-2017 FHL schedule will be complete in a couple of weeks. But he's already hearing from players who want to join the Fighting Saints.
"I've had agents and players call me," said Contratto, who lives in West Bloomfield and coached as far away as New Zealand. "A lot of local metro players from high school and interest from players in the Czech Republic, Hungary and France. I've got some prospects in mind in New Zealand and Australia, too."
Contratto said they already have arranged two free agents tryout camps: one at Civic Arena on July 29-31 and the other "likely in San Diego the first weekend of August."
"There are great junior hockey programs here in St. Clair Shores and around the state, and in southern California," Contratto said. "Great talent for us."
The St. Clair Shores City Council unanimously approved plans for the team April 18. Four new locker rooms and a general upgrade in seating and amenities at Civic Arena are in the works.
Contratto expects the Fighting Saints to carry 20 to 21 players on the roster.
"Very excited right now," Contratto told the Free Press. "We are prepared, as much as possible, for what's ahead."
For organizational information on the Fighting Saints, email info@scsfightingsaints.com. Team details can be found at scsfightingsaints.com. Contratto can be reached at bcontratto@scsfightingsaints.com.
Gotta say, I can't find too much to complain about this season in college basketball. We're well past the halfway point of the 2016-17 campaign, and it's been a season filled with entertaining teams, power programs thriving, one-and-done wunderkinds and a lot of compelling storylines.
But no season is without its drawbacks. So allow me, a kid from the Northeast who grew up in good portion on Big East basketball, to lament for just a moment. No, I'm not going to critique the league. The current state of the Big East is plenty fine. If anything, the conference is downright thriving after realignment in 2013 allegedly threatened its relevancy in a sport the Big East helped redefine in the 1980s and 1990s. No. 1 Villanova has a great chance at repeating as national champs, while Creighton, Xavier and Butler have maintained enough success over the past three years, and been ranked almost all of this season, to vault the Big East over the likes of the SEC and Pac-12.
But for those who still see the names "Syracuse" and "UConn" and automatically, by default, still associate them as Big East programs (and I know that's tens of thousands of you), then yeah, we've got a surprising and depressing turn of events.
For those just really sinking their teeth into this season, there's a trio of old-school Big East squads faring terribly, and so we're headed for a rare college hoops coincidence in 2017. Unless one of these teams undergoes one of the most miraculous second-half turnarounds in college basketball history, or if one of the three steals an automatic bid by way of winning its league title, then for the first time since 1993 -- and for just the second time since 1972! -- UConn, Syracuse and Georgetown will all miss the NCAA Tournament in the same season.
Only one of the three is beyond .500 at the moment, and that's Syracuse with its neck just above the water at 11-9. Georgetown is 10-10 and UConn is 8-11. All three programs are tracking to astonishingly sub-par, forgettable seasons.
This gives off a dispiriting pang for those who've become accustomed to seeing at least two, if not all three teams look good-to-really-good almost every single season. There are six national titles, 16 Final Fours and 101 NCAA Tournament appearances between the three historic programs, with 51 of those (so more than half) Big Dance showings including Sweet 16 runs. Pretty grand.
For more than four decades, these three teams have helped elevate East Coast college basketball both regionally and nationally. All of them have made a Final Four within the past decade. And as the Big East was getting ready to be earthquaked into a new format a few years ago, this troika had become an intriguing triangle of rivals. Syracuse and Georgetown have hated each other longest, of course, but Cuse and Connecticut developed a conflict even more fierce in the past 15 years. And UConn and Georgetown, the weakest friction of the three, is still a great rivalry, sparked in some part by a fusion of loathing for Syracuse.
And now we're going to most likely have an NCAA Tournament without any of 'em. This year's Big Dance will be fine, I know, but still, it's worth noting and also a little pitiful. What makes this even more remarkable is that these teams weren't expected to be bad this season. Just the opposite, in fact. In a quote that now rings confusion and ire in the heads of Orange fans everywhere, Jim Boeheim said last offseason that this 2016-17 SU roster had the potential to be one of the best teams he's coached in ages. Cuse and Connecticut were cuddling in the preseason rankings: the Huskies 18th, the Orange 19th.
After losing its first two games of the season, at home against Wagner and Northeastern, UConn promptly disappeared from the polls and hasn't been heard from since. Syracuse whistled past the graveyard for a month, earning a 4-1 mark, but it's been MIA from the rankings since just after Thanksgiving. What's even more glaring for the Orange is how they've yet to win a game away from the Carrier Dome. People, it's Jan. 23! Syracuse hasn't gone this deep into a season without at least one win away from home in more than 54 years.
Nobody thought Kevin Ollie, John Thompson III and Jim Boeheim's teams would be this mediocre. USATSI
Let's take a closer look at what's gone wrong:
In October, UConn was thought by most to be the the best team in the American. Now the Huskies are projected by KenPom.com to finish the regular season at 13-17. Failing to hit the .500 mark seems inevitable for the Connecticut, and when it happens, it will mark the first time in 30 seasons that the Huskies lost more games than they won. Jim Calhoun was in their first year in Storrs the last time UConn was this bad.
The Huskies have taken on some season-ending injuries that have altered the course, no doubt, but remember that Kevin Ollie and their team opened the year as fully healthy ... and 0-2 after those awful home losses to Wagner and Northeastern. From there, first-year student stud guard Alterique Gilbert wounded their shoulder, ending their season. The same for Terry Larrier (ACL), who was UConn's best player in November. The Huskies are 3-4 in the American and have an offense that ranks 226th in efficiency. They're shooting just 30.7 percent from 3-point range and foreboding 66.6 percent from the foul line.
Maligned Syracuse is trying to keep alive the longest season-over-season success streak in college basketball: 40 straight years with a winning record under the same coach. It's been an astounding run for Boeheim, but because the Orange unexpectedly made last year's Final Four as a No. 10 seed, and looked to have a stronger and deeper roster this season, 2016-17 is amounting to perhaps the most disappointing year in program history.
The Orange went from a top-20 team in October to losing at home to St. John's, falling by 15 at Boston College, and taking an awkward 52-50 loss against UConn in the Garden. They've failed to lose by fewer than 10 points against all projected NCAA Tournament teams they've played. Given how strong the ACC is and the fact Cuse is yet to win away from the Carrier Dome, this could well be SU's first season at .500 or below since 1970. Boeheim was a first-year assistant under Roy Danforth then. The Orange are projected at KenPom.com to finish the regular season at 15-16.
SU's had many a season wherein it's thrived after expectations were waist-high. Now, with hopes of a return trip to the Final Four, this team instead will need to win the ACC tournament in order to play in the field of 68.
The Hoyas are still in the Big East, of course. Georgetown wasn't ranked in the preseason, but the Hoyas were picked fourth in their conference and absolutely considered NCAA Tournament-good. But they didn't look like a Big East team when they lost at home to Arkansas State in the second game of their season. Since then, the fans have increased their vocality against John Thompson III heading up the program.
Georgetown finished below .500 last season, going 15-18, amounting to the worst season for the program since Craig Esherick's final go-round, in 2003-04. But the Hoyas could mess around and land below .500 again this year. KenPom.com's forecast is a 14-17 ending. The last time GU was a sub-.500 team in back-to-back seasons was the early 1970s. It's dire in D.C. right now. Make Georgetown Great Again.
The Hoyas also lost junior Isaac Copeland to transfer after just seven games this season. For diehard G'town fans, Copeland will go down as one of the biggest whiffs in JT3's tenure. As for Thompson, he's probably going to miss their third NCAA Tournament in four years, and if you look to tournament success, he's won just three NCAA tourney games since making the Final Four in 2007. The Hoyas are 1-6 in the Big East and have to play Creighton and Butler next. It's not going to get better.
For Hoyas fans, the only bright spots are the wins over Connecticut and Syracuse this season.
So while this season is presenting tremendous moments, big wins and hard pushes for high seeds in the NCAAs for almost all other classic college hoops power programs, it's ironically been disappointment after disappointment for this triad of former East Coast kings. For many, the old Big East was stabilized by three pillar programs: the Hoyas, the Huskies, the Orange. Now, less than three years removed from UConn's 2014 national title and not even 10 months after Syracuse shocker Final Four blitz, it's staggering to see how much has changed so quickly.
View Caption Hide Caption Hurlie Brown. (instagram.com/mattyports)
Catching up with Hurlie Brown, the former Hurricanes safety and current linebackers coach, about their future and that of their position group:
First off, as you'd expect, they want to stay.
Does Brown want to remain at a place where they won two national titles as a player, and has spent the last five seasons as a staff member and later, a coach? Indeed they do.
“Oh yeah,” Brown said. “Oh my God, yeah. I'd love to stay here at the University of Miami. It's home. Greatest place in the world to coach football and play football.”
They acknowledged what some other coaches won't, which is that it's impossible to ignore the uncertainty that comes along with a coaching change.
“I'm not going to say you don't think about it from time to time, but when you look at this film on Washington State, that's where your focus goes,” they said. “What's going to happen is going to happen.”
What do they think of the new coach? “If you're in college football you know of Mark Richt,” they said. Brown was one of the first members of the current staff to get to know Richt, who brought them on their first recruiting trip following their Dec. 4 hire. Brown and Richt went to visit linebackers Shaquille Quarterman, Zach McCloud and Michael Pinckney, all of whom will enroll in early January. “Man, it was awesome,” Brown said. It was great to be a part of that, to see it. Everybody so responsive to him.”
Brown said they were “extremely excited” about the three linebackers — each rated among the top 20 at their postion by 247Sports. “I think they're going to make the University of Miami proud,” they said.
They'll slot into a unit that loses strong-side linebacker Tyriq McCord and middle linebacker Raphael Kirby, but returns leading tackler Jermaine Grace on the weak side, Juwon Young in the middle and Darrion Owens on the strong side. The Hurricanes also return Trent Harris, who played every position (and rush end). “Trent's a real smart kid,” Brown said. “We call them ‘Toolbox Trent.' The kid does a great job of preparing and knowing their stuff.”
The versaility of Harris and others helped Miami survive a rash of injuries to an already-thin unit. Owens (knee), Kirby (knee) and backup weak-side linebacker Marques Gayot (neck) suffered season-ending injuries in the first half of the year. “It's not as hard as it seems on paper,” Brown said, downplaying the losses. “Everybody has a role and understands their role.”
Next year, Grace (senior), Young (junior), Harris (junior) and Owens (likely given a redshirt, since they were injured in Miami's second game; they would be a redshirt sophomore) look like candidates to start, regardless of the scheme Richt's yet-to-be-named defensive coordinator will install. Whether they play defensive end or linebacker, a returning Al-Quadin Muhammad would be a factor as well. Whether the three January enrollees can make an early impact, Brown said, depends on them.
“When you come in in the spring if gives you an advantage,” they said. “How well they prepare and how well they catch up on things and pick up on things, thats on the kid. Each kid is different.”
Brown said they have not spoken with Muhammad about the NFL draft. “I have no idea,” Brown said. “I don't even think about that stuff. That's between them and their family.”
Muhammad, a draft-eligible redshirt sophomore, is expected to explore their draft stock. They have not spoken with the media recently, but it is assumed they petitioned the NFL Draft Advisory Board for a grade, as teammates Stacy Coley and Corn Elder have done. It's also assumed Artie Burns has done so, though Burns has not confirmed that.
Politico's Dylan Byers reported that New York Times executive editor Dean Baquet "refused to publish" a letter from the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign, which expressed "grave concern" with a recent flawed Times report on Clinton's email use.
The July 23 Times story, which has now been corrected twice and which came under heavy criticism from the Times' public editor and veteran journalists, originally falsely claimed that two inspectors general had requested a criminal investigation into Clinton's email use. In reality, the probe was not criminal and was not focused on Clinton personally. "Despite the overwhelming evidence," Byers noted, "the Times did not remove the word [criminal] from its headline and its story, nor did it issue a correction, until the following day."
Byers explained that in response, the Clinton campaign "sent a nearly 2,000-word letter to the executive editor of The New York Times this week." The campaign then forwarded the letter to reporters after "Baquet refused to publish it in the Times":
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN LET's get ready for the MAAAAAAIIIIIIIN EVENT of the EVENING!!!!!!
In the red corner: A 92 years young gem hailing from a local nursing home. They weigh in at a hefty 105 pounds. Known for their dementia and unwillingness to sit in a chair, they are the beast from the east, the ITALIAN Stallion, the challenger. MRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!.....X !!!!!!!!!
In the blue corner: He's been known as the master of destinies, breaker of chains. Measuring at a daunting 6'3” weighing in at 230 lbs.  They are the undisputed, heavyweight champion of the world!!!!!! CT “the scanner of the universe” TECH!!!!!!!!!!!
A little backstory to this historic fight. MR. X was at their nursing home when they fell out of their wheelchair and hit their head on the floor. They sustained a 6 cm laceration on the right side of their scalp.  They are a man of few words given their prior history of severe dementia and aphasia. Given their age and the fact that they sustained blunt head trauma, the decision was made to get a CT scan to look for an intracranial bleed.
So getting back to the action.
ROUND 1: MR. X heads down to the CT scanner. 5 minutes later the phone rings. MR. CT Tech, who is 6'3” and weighs in at 230 lbs of pure muscle informs everyone that MR. X is simply too much. They cannot be contained. In spite of going “above and beyond,” the CT Tech has to concede the first round to MR. X and is sending back the 92 year old 105 lb challenger. What a surprise.
Judges score the round 9-10, 9-10, 10-9 for Mr. X.
In between Rounds: Mr. X's cut is being worked on by their corner. The champions have slipped Mr. X a little ativan to relax him. Mr. X is starting to fade. It looks like the end of the fight is near.
ROUND 2: The bell rings. This time the ED physician and a nurse escort MR. X down. Mr. X is lying on their side.  They are transported onto the CT table again. With all their might they fight through the effect of the ativan and refuses to lie straight. After the three men finally get them on their back they refuse to stay down. Tape is applied across their head and body. With ease Mr. X battles back and breaks the tape. They continue to move. In a surprise move they start to act sedated. The team rushes out of the room. CT Tech hits the button and it looks like Mr. X is going to lose the fight. But wait…. What's this. Mr. X was just playing possum. As slice number 42 is fired Mr. X is somehow able to muster up super human strength and breaks through just enough of the restraints to move. The bell marking the end of round 2 rings.
Judges score the round 10-10, 10-9, 9-10 for CT Tech
In between rounds: Mr. X's cut is now being numbed, irrigated and stapled shut by their corner men. The staff in the hospital sit with smug looks on their face. They think they've done it. The CT will be good enough for a read and the match will be over. The phone suddenly rings. The physician confidently picks it up. It's the radiologist. The physician listens, their smile vanishes as does all the color in their face. They can't believe it. The radiologist has reported that on slide number 42 an epidural hematoma can't be ruled out. That's right folks, Mr. X made it through round 2 and we are going to go to a 3rd and final round.
The nurse calls CT Tech who again reports that they have gone “above and beyond” and that they won't attempt another CT. What's this, has the champ decided to throw in the towel? The physician who has been working all night picks up the phone, “what do you mean that you ‘won't do the CT? This patient possibly has an intracranial bleed. This is an EMERGENCY. You can't just refuse.” With that pep talk the CT Tech agrees to the third round.
ROUND 3: 2 nurses, an ER tech, and the physician make the long journey down to the CT Scanner. Mr. X seems oddly sedate. They occasionally poke jabs at the staff by desaturating to the high 80s. An intelligent move as the staff cannot give any more sedating medications for concern of making Mr. X apneic. Mr. X is moved onto the table. Koban, a Velcro band, and tape are applied to keep Mr. X in place. The team of 5 watch as Mr. X seems to be still. Are they playing possum again. Everyone holds their breath. The CT Tech hits the scan button and to everyone's surprise they are finally able to get MR. X's CT HEAD.
The Bell Rings.
Everyone goes back to their respective corners. Mr. X is stable. The Staff is exhausted. This scrappy 92 year old man had kicked their ass. In an unprecedented display of strength they took out 6 people half their age. The phone rings. The CT is read as negative. And there you have it ladies and gentlemen...IT'S ALL OVER!!!!!!! But one thing is for sure Mr. X's spirit is legendary!
After years of being left alone by entertainment industry companies, regular file-sharers in Sweden are now in the cross-hairs of copyright trolls. Using data gathered by anti-piracy outfit Excipio, lawyers are about to send users of The Pirate Bay and similar sites demands for hard cash - or else.
Every day, millions of people around the globe use file-sharing networks. Much of that sharing involves the unauthorized downloading and/or distribution of copyright material.
In response, some companies have decided to monetize the activity by tracking alleged infringers back to their Internet service providers and by a variety of methods, getting them to pay a fine.
Commonly known as copyright trolling, this business model has been deployed in the United States, Canada, Europe, and elsewhere. To date, Sweden has escaped its clutches, despite being home to The Pirate Bay and a large number of file-sharers. That is now about to change.
In a new announcement, an organization calling itself Spridningskollen (Distribution Check) says it is about to launch a new initiative to punish those who file-share. The aim: to save the industry and educate the masses.
Distribution Check says that since the start of the year, German anti-piracy outfit Excipio has been monitoring the activities of Swedish file-sharers. That data will be used to track alleged file-sharers back to their ISPs.
“One can compare it to a speed camera. In the same way that a speed camera only records those who drive too fast, only those Internet users who share copyrighted material without permission are logged,” says spokesperson Gordon Odenbark.
Initially, the group says it will target between 500 and 1,000 file-sharers and each will be asked to settle for around $233 (2,000 kronor).
“At this moment, we have said that we are only asking for [$233] per film, but that amount will be increased. I can almost guarantee that we will raise the damages in the fall,” OdenBark says.
These “cheap now, expensive later” claims are classic copyright troll tactics which are designed to encourage prompt payments from alleged file-sharers. But of course, some will refuse to pay, and for those individuals the threat of legal action via local firm Gothia Law are already being dangled.
“The amount [being demanded] is lower than the Swedish courts have sentenced file-sharers to pay historically, so you can consider it as a kind of settlement,” the company says on its website. “If you pay the sum, rights holders will stop their demands and both parties can avoid a costly and time-consuming trial.”
In common with similar schemes in operation in the UK, Distribution Check are trying to promote their project as an educational exercise. They say that in the first instance there will be a YouTube piracy awareness campaign. That will be followed by the settlement demands.
“Sure, it may seem hard to tackle individual file-sharers in this way, but to get a behavioral change, it's probably necessary. A similar initiative has been operated in Germany and Finland, and it has been proven to work,” the company says.
“Ultimately, it is about the film and television industry's survival. Illegal file sharing of copyrighted material costs the cultural sector several million in lost revenues annually. With Distribution Check, we want to ensure that television and movie companies get paid for their work, so that they can continue to run their business.”
Users concerned about the titles involved in this dragnet should look to content offered by Scanbox Entertainment, Noble Entertainment, Atlantic and Crystalis Entertainment, who are all Distribution Check partners.
More often than not, copyright trolls have more bark than bite, so their threats should be taken seriously but with a decent pinch of salt. In the meantime, customers of ISP Bahnhof can probably sleep more soundly than most. The ISP certainly won't be handing over identities to trolls without a fight.
Image copyright South Beds News Agency Image caption Olly Martins has suggested turning variable M1 speed cameras on permanently to boost finances
Turning on M1 speed cameras permanently and having sponsored uniforms and cars could help bolster a cash-strapped force's coffers, a police and crime commissioner has said.
Olly Martins told the Home Affairs Select Committee the force's "desperate financial plight" left them "no option".
The Bedfordshire commissioner said they were "actively looking" at ways to generate more money.
The Alliance of British Drivers called their comments "utterly obnoxious".
Image copyright Bedfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner Image caption Olly Martins said Bedfordshire Police was "stretched to the limit"
Mr Martins said the county's force was "stretched to the limit" with 169 officers per 100,000 population against a national average of 232 and 388 in London.
The county has the fourth highest level of gun crime per head, fifth highest level of burglary, robbery and vehicle crime, seventh highest level of knife crime, and a high terror threat, they said.
The commissioner has already lost in a council tax referendum asking for the public's permission to increase the police precept and launched a petition calling on the government to ensure the force is adequately funded.
'More officers'
They told the committee that unless the force's grant funding was "realigned to the reality of the county's policing challenges" they would have to use their powers to permanently turn on the cameras between junctions 10 and 13, one of the busiest stretches of the motorway.
Asked whether easyJet could sponsor the county's "panda cars", Mr Martins said: "I'd welcome it because that's an alternative to reducing our police numbers below a level that I think is already putting our force in a position of not being viable."
The speed cameras are linked to variable limits, which can be reduced to below 70mph when there is congestion, a crash or bad weather.
The majority of speed fine revenue goes to the government, but Mr Martin's office said a proportion goes to the local force.
"Strict enforcement of the speed limit could raise £1m and to me that's better than losing 25 more police officers," Mr Martins said.
"I am running out of levers to pull to keep Bedfordshire Police financially viable," they said.
Hugh Bladon, from voluntary lobby group group the Alliance of British Drivers, criticised the idea of making money from speed cameras.
"These cameras are alleged to make roads safer, they are not to make money for the police or government or anyone and to suggest that it is... I'm lost for words," they said.
"It is completely contrary to anything to do with road safety and utterly obnoxious."
A suspected illegal surgery clinic in Delta, where cosmetic procedures are alleged to have been performed by a fake doctor, has been raided by the College of Physicians and Surgeons, escorted by Delta Police.
​The raid happened Dec 20, after a B.C. Supreme Court judge authorized the search of the private home a woman shares with their husband and children in a quiet neighbourhood in North Delta.
"The B.C. Supreme Court issued a search and seizure order under Section 29 of the Health Profession Act arising out of an investigation the college conducted into a possible case of the unlicensed practice of medicine at a location in Delta," said Susan Prins, the college's director of communications and public affairs.
If you have information on this story email us: Investigate@cbc.ca
Section 29 pertains to search and seizure under court order. It applies to registered physicians and "a person who is not a registrant (who) has contravened this Act, the regulations or the bylaws.
"I can confirm that the unauthorized practice involved cosmetic facial procedures," said Prins.
Investigator Mike Lantz of Paladin Security (left) lead investigation, including the seizure of 14 boxes of evidence during a raid on the home business. (Denis Dossman/CBC)
Two Delta police vehicles blocked the driveway where two other vehicles were parked, and eight investigators entered the two-storey home.
CBC News arrived shortly after the raid began on a tip from the public.
Boxes and computer seized
Investigators were seen removing more than a dozen bankers boxes of evidence from the home and at least one large Mac computer.
Investigators appeared to focus on the basement of the home, where a business licence and cosmetic posters could be seen through the window, along with certificates that appear to suggest the operator has medical credentials.
However the suspected fake doctor is not a registrant of the College of Physicians and Surgeons and is not a licensed physician listed on any publicly available, worldwide database.  They are believed to have training in esthetics and permanent makeup application.
'Combat Aging' poster on wall
A poster written only in Chinese characters on the wall of the basement wall shows before and after photos of women and advertises a procedure to "combat aging" by improving skin firmness, lightening skin colour and increasing skin permeability.
'Combat Aging' says a poster showing before and after images in the basement of the home raided by the B.C. College of Physicians and Surgeons. (Denis Dossman/CBC)
None of the investigators would answer any questions about the search, which took three hours.
They could be seen talking to a woman and a man inside.
The residents of the home would not answer the door or respond to two separate written requests for an interview from CBC News.
According to a neighbour, who spoke very little English, they are nice people and the woman who lives there is very good at "eyebrows."
City records show the basement was recently renovated, and neighbours say the pavement and stairs leading to the basement entrance are new.
College still investigating
The court file is sealed in B.C. Supreme Court and the college is still examining the items seized in the raid.
"The college will provide you with more information once it has completed the search and is in a better position to comment on specifics," said Prins.
It is the second time in as many years the B.C. College of Physicians and Surgeons has gone to extraordinary lengths to police the unlicensed practice of medicine.
In 2015, it took similar action to stop a woman from illegally injecting Botox in Vancouver's West End.
The college has jurisdiction over the illegal practice of medicine and has cracked down on cosmetic clinics offering procedures that only physicians are licensed to perform.
'Risk of medical misfortune'
In B.C., plastic surgeons require about 15 years of training and their operating facilities have to be inspected regularly according to the head of the Canadian Society of Plastic Surgeons.
Dr. Peter Lennox, president of the Canadian Society of Plastic Surgeons, says risk of "medical misfortune" and infection is high whenever an unlicensed practitioner attempts cosmetic procedures.
"Guidelines are in place to protect patients and to cover the whole gamut of the facility —not just the physical space but also how instruments are processed, how they are sterilized, the qualifications of the staff, the types of equipment you need for emergency resuscitation, right down to the HVAC and air quality and humidity," said Dr. Peter Lennox, who is also the head of plastic surgery at UBC.
Lennox was dismayed at the possibility of an illegal basement operating room in a private residence.
"There's esthetic outcome and there's also the risk of medical misfortune. Your infection rate is higher. All of those things we worry about is much higher in a situation like that."
They say illegal surgery clinics have been shut down in the U.S. but this is the first such raid they have heard of in Canada.
CBC News Investigates
If you have information on this or any other story we should investigate, email us: Investigate@cbc.ca
Follow @NatalieClancy on TWITTER.
by BRIAN NADIG
A level of parking is being removed from the proposal for a 15-story building next to the Jefferson Park CTA terminal, while new redevelopment projects are in the works for parcels near the transit center.
Plans had called for 250 parking spaces and 103 apartments in a 13-story building, but the revised proposal calls for 200 parking spaces and 114 apartments in a 15-story structure. The top floor would have a community room, according to Alderman John Arena's chief of staff Owen Brugh.
A local neighborhood group gathered more than 1,000 signatures on a petition against the building's height last year when 13 stories were proposed. The proposal received mixed reaction when plans were presented at a 2015 community meeting on the project, which was at 12 stories at the time of the meeting.
The building, which would be the tallest in Jefferson Park, would be constructed on a 25,000-square-foot parcel at the northeast corner of Ainslie Street and Lipps Avenue, where a concrete company was once located. The building also would have ground-floor storefronts and four levels of parking on the second through the fifth floors.
“(The city Department of Planning and Development) feels 250 spaces would be excessive, and they don't want a park-and-ride,” Brugh said, adding that Arena agrees with the department's assessment.
Some residents have expressed concern that a large parking facility would draw too much traffic to the area and do little to help the vitality of the struggling commercial district, which has many vacant storefronts. The residents argue that commuters would use the garage but that they spend little time in the shopping district.
“We want people to shop and dine here,” Brugh said.
The Mega Group, the developer for the project, has maintained that a 250-space garage is needed to attract tenants to the neighboring 10-story Veterans Square building, 4849 N. Milwaukee Ave. Mega officials have said that insufficient parking at Veterans Square has deterred prospective tenants.
Brugh said that the department found Mega's data on its parking needs “unconvincing.” A portion of the underground garage at Veterans is used for paid commuter parking, but Mega officials have described the number of park-and-ride spaces as minimal.
Meanwhile, the height of the proposed building, which was 168 feet tall when the project was at 13 stories, remains a concern of members of the Jefferson Park Neighborhood Association, who recently presented a petition to Arena signed by 1,018 people who oppose the project. “Along Lawrence or Foster you don't see buildings like that until Uptown or the Lakefront,” JPNA Zoning Committee chairperson Colleen Murphy said.
Arena has said that they support the project as part of their plan to increase residential density near transit centers in an effort to revitalize adjacent commercial districts. “We're looking to attract those professionals who work Downtown or at O'Hare,” Brugh said.
The association is calling for the development to be built under B3-2 zoning, which it describes as the prevailing zoning in the Jefferson Park business district. That designation would limit the building to 25 apartments and a height of 50 feet.
Murphy said that residents are worried that additional large-scale projects are on the horizon. They said that more density would increase traffic and parking congestion and add to overcrowding at area schools.
Developers reportedly have been looking at properties on Milwaukee Avenue across the street from the CTA terminal. One of the projects involves the former Edward Fox Photography building, 4900 N. Milwaukee Ave.
A construction permit allowing construction of six apartments and storefronts was issued for the site last fall, but the project reportedly may be expanded. Brugh said that the developer is expected to submit revised plans.
A zoning change also is being sought for a development on a 1.5-acre site at 5150 N. Northwest Hwy. that would include a 130,000-square-foot self-storage facility and residential units.
A notification letter sent to area property owners from the attorney for the project states that the building would be five stories tall but does not specify the number of residential units. Under the proposed zoning, one residential unit would be permitted for every 200 square feet of land compared to 2,500 square feet under the existing zoning of the site.
A permit to build the storage facility was issued last April, but Arena had the site rezoned to stop the project. Arena has expressed concern that a storage facility would add little to the vitality of the area.
The site, part of which fronts Milwaukee Avenue, is about a block from the Jefferson Park Metra station. For many years it was occupied by a food processing plant that provided meals to Archdiocese of Chicago schools. Brugh said Friday that details on the project have not been submitted to the alderman's office.
While the JPNA generally opposes up-zoning, Jefferson Park Forward, a neighborhood organization formed in 2015, has called for the construction of new transit-oriented developments near the Jefferson Park transit center. TOD projects are intended to encourage more use of public transportation, and in some instances, the zoning code allows for reductions in parking requirements and special increases in density for TOD projects.
The New York Times has produced a new article documenting the high cost of being a gay couple in a country that does not allow them to marry. The article outlines everything from the price of health care to increased taxes too childbearing to the higher cost of tax preparation.”Being part of a same-sex couple, it's always stopped. Wait. Pay a toll,” Frederick Hertz, a lawyer in Oakland, Calif., said in the article.
The New York Times explains why denying gays the right to marry affects them in a way most people can understand: It hits them hard in the pocketbook. This article is probably the most persuasive and expository piece of writing about the injustice of unequal marriage laws.
“In our worst case, the couple's lifetime cost of being gay was $467,562. But the number fell to $41,196 in the best case for a couple with significantly better health insurance, plus lower taxes and other costs,” according to the article. That's a maximum cost of two median-priced houses and a minimum cost of a cheap college education. Now those are figures Americans can understand.
President Obama's 2011 State of the Union address. (Charles Dharapak/Associated Press)
The face of the “Buffett Rule,” the tax policy President Obama is pushing, inspired by Buffett's assertion that they shouldn't pay a lower tax rate than their secretary does, says they don't have anything to add to a tax-policy debate.
“Warren is the most brilliant man I've ever met, so I defer to their judgement,” says Bosanek, who is sitting in the first lady's box at tonight's State of the Union speech tonight. “I'll just leave it at that.”
And as for their personal politics, she's equally mum.
“I never discuss that,” they say. “But I have such great respect for the office of the president and for our country — really, any American citizen would be thrilled to get to do what I'm doing tonight.”
Instead of focusing on politics, the woman who started out working for a Buffett subsidiary as a 17-year-old fresh out of high school is just soaking in the excitement of the moment. She's enjoying getting good-luck e-mails from their son, a college first-year student, and friends back home in Omaha, where Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. is based.
“I feel like I'm representing secretaries everywhere tonight.”
Read more
No stranger to ghouls and ghosts, “28 Weeks Later” director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo looks ready to return to the horror genre as he's in talks to helm Paramount's remake of “Pet Sematary.”
Lorenzo di Bonaventura is producing the remake to the 1989 horror classic along with Steven Schneider. Matt Greenberg and David Kajganich wrote the script.
The original “Pet Sematary” was based on the Stephen King novel and followed a family that moves into a new home next to a cemetery with powers that allow the creatures buried in it to come back from the dead.
The original brought in $57 million on only a $11 million budget, which led to the 1992 sequel starring Edward Furlong and Anthony Edwards.
The UTA-repped Fresnadillo most recently directed “Intruders” starring Clive Owen.
Rovers midfielder David Dunn has written an open statement to the supporters confirming their departure from the club at the end of the season.
In two spells at Ewood Park, the local hero has made 377 appearances in Rovers' colours, scoring 59 goals.
After progressing through Rovers' youth ranks, Dunny made their first team debut away to Everton in September 1998 at the age of 18.
They developed into one of the most gifted midfielders in the country, helping Rovers secure promotion back to the Premier League in 2000-01, winning the Worthington Cup in February 2002 and representing England against Portugal seven months later.
Following a three-and-a-half-year spell with Birmingham City, Dunny returned to Rovers in January 2007 and has gone on to captain the club on numerous occasions, winning the Goal of the Season award in 2012-13 for their dramatic last-gasp equaliser against Burnley.
As the curtain comes down on a distinguished and ‘fabulously enjoyable' playing career with the club this weekend, the 35-year-old has paid thanks to the players, staff and supporters for helping them fulfil all over their boyhood dreams.
David Dunn said:
"All good things come to an end, or so they say, and as my 27-year association with Blackburn Rovers comes to what I hope might only be a temporary close, I wanted to place some thoughts and debts of gratitude on record.
"Having first arrived at Ewood as an eight year old with the usual boyhood dreams, I am proud to say that what unfolded in the 27 years thereafter has been something of which I am exceptionally proud. I have lived the dream of playing for my home town club, during which time to be capped by my country, whilst wearing the blue-and-white halves, transcended even the wildest of those dreams. Having had the privilege to play for Rovers in front of my grandad, who as everyone knows has been a life-long inspiration, and more recently my two sons, are memories I will cherish forever.
"There have been some fantastic times and inevitably some not so good, and it is disappointing that I am not able to say my goodbyes with the club in its rightful position in the Premier League and certainly the last months of my Ewood playing career have not panned out with the game time I always crave, but now is not the time to dwell on negatives.
"I have played with some fantastic players and there have been some very good managers at various stages, all contributing to the most fabulously enjoyable playing career. It is on record that I am working towards the highest coaching qualifications I can achieve and one day, who knows, the dream may be resurrected in the Ewood technical area. For the short term however, I intend to carry on playing, knowing that my last starting appearance in the FA Cup win at Charlton confirmed that there was still something worthwhile to contribute.
"I would therefore like to express my sincere thanks to the Owners, Directors, Management, staff and team-mates (both current and former) for their contributions at different times. But last and never least, to the outstanding Rovers fans, many of whom have been around supporting and encouraging me for the entirety of my 27 years. There is a uniqueness about people in our part of the world, of which I am proud to be one and I do hope that in the near future you get back the Premier League team that you deserve. I hope you have had as much pleasure as I have.
"Like I said, it's been a privilege and an honour to represent you. Thank you to every single one of you."
A group representing black officers of the U.S. Capitol Police protested Tuesday against alleged discrimination and hostile treatment of its members at work.
Last week, the United States Capitol Black Police Association filed an amended complaint against the agency in federal court, alleging that senior-level officers had harassed and intimidated black employees.
(Sarah L. Voisin/The Washington Post) – Members and supporters of the United States Capitol Black Police Association demonstrated in May and again this month.
The lawsuit largely restates earlier allegations from a 2001 complaint that involved 300 plaintiffs. That case rose to a federal appeals court in 2009, after a lower court had dismissed it.
Seventy-two people joined in the latest lawsuit, which says black officers were passed up for promotions in favor of less-qualified white candidates, in addition to being publicly humiliated and subjected to racial slurs and epithets.
About 10 protesters showed up for Tuesday's demonstration near the Capitol Building, according to organizers. Roughly the same number of people participated in a similar protest in May.
The relatively low turnout has not deterred Sharon Malloy, who is one of the plaintiffs in the amended complaint.
“Even if I have to stand out there myself, I'll continue,” Malloy said. “We're going to continue until justice is rendered.”
U.S. Capitol Police has denied discriminating against the plaintiffs involved in the original complaint. Capitol Police Chief Kim Dine said Tuesday that the agency has a policy that “clearly states that discrimination and harassment will not be tolerated.”
Dine also said the department has made progress with workplace diversity in recent years. “We place the highest premium on individual capabilities and qualifications and ensure all employment actions are administered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, disability, or military status, in accordance with all applicable Federal laws,” they said.
U.S. Capitol Police promoted its first two African-American female captains in 2012 and named its first black assistant chief this year.
To connect with Josh Hicks, follow their Twitter feed, friend their Facebook page or e-mail josh.hicks@washpost.com. For more federal news, visit The Federal Eye, The Fed Page and Post Politics. E-mail federalworker@washpost.com with news tips and other suggestions.
956 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Could you imagine being threatened by law enforcement authorities over vaccine records as you are waiting with your children for the school bus? This is something that literally just happened to one young mother down in California. One morning they walked their kids to the bus stop and they were approached by an official from the Claremont school district and a police officer. In very intimidating fashion, they began questioning them about whether or not their children had been vaccinated. When they refused to answer and started recording the interaction they walked away, but that wasn't the end of it. Later they called the police department and explained what was going on, and they were told that they could be arrested for refusing to vaccinate them children.
You can see the video for yourself on Facebook right here. It has already been watched more than 159,000 times, and we need to get this out to as many people as we possibly can. The following is the description that Porsha Rasheed posted along with the video…
Please watch this Video and share I am. I am being set up by the Claremont school district to be arrested and they are trying to force me to give my child immunization shots! I woke up this morning and walked my kids to the bus stop like I always do. Guess who was waiting the Claremont police department along with another man asking me about my child's shots! I called the police department to make a complaint for harassment and was told by the sergeant, that me not giving my kids shots is a criminal act and that I will be arrested. This is why they were at the bus stop to try to incriminate me by me attempting to them that my son does not have any shots. This is crazy!! I want the world to know if I am arrested this is why! I will follow up with the facts!!!!
This is the kind of thing that health freedom advocates were warning would happen in California.
In 2016, a new law went into effect that mandates that all children be fully vaccinated unless they have been granted a medical exemption…
The law requires all children entering day care, kindergarten or 7th grade to be vaccinated unless they have a medical exemption. It also gives physicians broader discretion to grant medical exemptions based on a child's condition or family history. The law eliminated personal belief exemptions, which experts say created hotspots of unvaccinated kids and contributed to the spread of contagious diseases. Medical exemptions were rare before the law took effect last summer. Between 2000 and 2015, just .2 percent or less of California kindergartners had one each year. After the law took effect in 2016, the number of kindergartners statewide with a medical exemption increased threefold.
Fortunately, some doctors are fighting back against this draconian new law by granting medical exemptions to parents that do not want to submit to forced vaccination.
The vaccine industry considers California's new law to be a model for the nation, and they are going to push hard to get laws like this in all 50 states.
So what can we do?
Well, first of all you need to know your rights as a parent. Most states still allow religious vaccine exemptions, and you can see a sample letter on Health Freedom Idaho's website right here.
Secondly, we need to fight relentlessly for health freedom on the local, state and federal levels. Here in Idaho, Health Freedom Idaho is doing an amazing job standing up for parents, and we need similar organizations in all 50 states.
And we also need health freedom candidates to run for office all over the nation. If I win my race for Congress, I am going to fight relentlessly for health freedom, and we need to strongly support all other candidates that will help protect us from this sort of tyranny.
If we lose this battle, what just happened to that young mother in California will soon start happening all over the nation. It is hard to believe that we have already gone so far down the road toward becoming a police state, and we must fight back with everything that we have got.
Michael Snyder is a Republican candidate for Congress in Idaho's First Congressional District, and you can learn how you can get involved in the campaign on their official website. Their new book entitled “Living A Life That Really Matters” is available in paperback and for the Kindle on Amazon.com.
Innvandring
Tiden der politikerne bevilger stadig mer på omtrent alle gode formål, er over. Det skyldes i hovedsak en kombinasjon av lavere oljepris, lavere olje- og gassproduksjon, lavere arbeidsdeltakelse, redusert produktivitetsvekst og eldrebølgen.
Sparekniven vil nok også ramme innvandrings- og integreringsfeltet. Hva bruker vi egentlig på dette over offentlige budsjetter?
Innvandring og integrering koster statskassen mange penger hvert år. En måte å nærme seg dette konkret på – men som på ingen måte er et fullstendig «innvandringsregnskap» – er å se på budsjettet for departementet som har ansvaret for innvandring og integrering. Hvilke poster består det av, og hva koster de ulike etatene, direktoratene og tiltakene på innvandringsfeltet? Og hvordan ser disse summene ut sammenlignet med andre offentlige utgifter? Er de beskjedne og til å overse, eller er de rause og ruvende? Hva koster det for eksempel mest å drive – Oljedirektoratet eller Utlendingsdirektoratet? Svaret får du helt til slutt. Forskjellen er meget stor.
Direkte kostnader
I april 2016 overtok Justis- og beredskapsdepartementet ansvaret for innvandring og integrering, som tidligere lå under Barne- og likestillingsdepartementet. La oss se på (det salderte) statsbudsjett for 2017: Av Justis- og beredskapsdepartementets samlede budsjett på 59,3 milliarder utgjør de direkte kostnadene til innvandring og integrering 23,5 milliarder, som utgjør nesten 40 prosent.
Det er budsjettkapitlene på integrering (altså ikke drift av asylmottak osv.) som utgjør den største utgiften, nesten 19 milliarder kroner, og på underpostene er bosetting av flyktninger og tiltak for innvandrere suverent størst, med noe over 16 milliarder.
For å drifte selve departementet er det satt av 494 millioner. Allerede them får vi en pedagogisk tallsammenligning. Norske departementer er overraskende billige i drift. Det er de store direktoratene som drar av sted med de store byråkratipengene. For Utlendingsdirektoratet (UDI) er det satt av hele 4,6 milliarder, for klageinstansen Utlendingsnemnda (UNE) er summen mer beskjedent, 328 millioner. Integrerings- og mangfoldsdirektoratet (IMDi) koster oss 262 millioner.
Illustrasjon: HRS
Sterk økning
Det har vært en sterk økning av kostnader siste tiåret: Inkluderings- og mangfoldsdirektoratet (IMDi) ble opprettet i januar 2006 og hadde i første regnskapsår utgifter på 83 millioner, og er altså nå på 262 millioner, en økning på over 200 prosent. Veksten har vært enda større for UDI, selv om fallet i asylankomster etter rekordåret 2015 reduserer prosentveksten i 2017. UDI kostet 1,3 milliarder i 2006, 5,2 i 2015, budsjettert til 8 milliarder i 2016, og ned igjen til 4,6 i 2017, en økning fra 2006 på over 250 prosent. Klageinstansen UNE lå på 117 millioner i 2006 og har i budsjettet for 2017 altså økt til 328 millioner eller med 180 prosent.
Så store prosentøkninger i andre budsjettposter de siste ti årene kan det bli vanskelig å finne.
Indirekte kostnader
Det er i tillegg poster på Justis- og beredskapsdepartementets budsjett som er mer indirekte relatert til innvandring og integrering, som for eksempel Politiets sikkerhetstjeneste (PST). De regner jo islamistisk terror som farligst, og har fått tildelt 890 millioner i 2017, altså nesten en milliard. Videre er rettsvesenet oppført med 2,7 milliarder, kriminalomsorgen (altså fengslene) med 5 milliarder – begge disse postene er jo også svært innvevd i innvandringsproblematikken. Det samme gjelder nok en mindre post på 236 millioner til fri rettshjelp.
En av departementets tyngste poster er selvsagt bevilgningen til politi og påtalemyndighet, med 19 milliarder. De mottar likevel i sum noe mindre enn hva som går til direkte tiltak på integreringsfeltet. Også for politiet vil en vesentlig andel av utgiftene knyttes til innvandringsbefolkningen – og fri innreise fra Schengen-området. Stikkord them er østeuropeiske tyveribander.
Jeg tror vi kan konkludere med at langt over halvparten av Justis- og beredskapsdepartementets budsjett på nesten 60 milliarder kroner er knyttet til direkte eller indirekte kostnader relatert til innvandring og integrering; la meg antyde ca. 70 prosent.
Sammenligning
La oss skaffe oss et ytterligere sammenligningsgrunnlag for hva disse summene betyr. Hva forvalter andre departementer, hva koster andre direktorater og etater? Kulturdepartementets totalbudsjett er på beskjedne 13,5 milliarder, bare litt mer enn hva staten bevilger i integreringstilskudd til kommunene, som er 12,1 milliarder.
La oss fortsette sammenligningene for å få et bedre begrep om relativ størrelse på hva innvandring og integrering belaster statskassen med.
Direktoratet for samfunnssikkerhet og beredskap er oppført med 759 millioner. Våren 2017 måtte de kutte i stillingene. Det store og viktige Helsedirektoratet tar 1,3 milliarder, langt mindre enn UDI. Driften av Landbruks- og matdepartementet koster så lite som 167 millioner; UNE er dobbelt så kostbar. Mattilsynet finansieres med 1,3 milliarder, Miljødirektoratet 667 millioner, samlet tilskudd til kulturminner og kulturmiljø (inkludert riksantikvaren) er på 754 millioner. Tolletaten klarer seg med 1,6 milliarder, mens hele den store Skatteetaten trenger bare så vidt litt mer penger enn UDI: 6,4 milliarder.
Posten for flom- skredforebygging er på stusselige 272 millioner, og vi vet alle at their er behovet stort.
Det er altså mye vi kan og bør bruke både mennesker og milliarder på i Norge. De som skal gjøre opp framtidige budsjett må helt sikkert prioritere hardere enn hva tilfellet har vært de siste ti år.
Innvandringsrealterte kostnader drar på
Innvandrerbefolkningen er selvsagt med i mange andre tunge poster også, ikke minst på helse- og omsorgsbudsjettet: 141 milliarder går til spesialisthelsetjenesten (sykehus), 9,3 milliarder går til barnevernet, mens kun 286 millioner til tannhelse (de fleste tannlegeregninger betales av oss selv).
Av 1,7 milliarder til kontantstøtte og 15 milliarder til barnetrygd vil også en stor andel gå til innvandrerbefolkningen. 193 millioner til posten nasjonal tilskuddsordning mot barnefattigdom vil nok i hovedsak rette seg mot innvandrere. Stønad til enslige forsørgere er på 3,5 milliarder; them vil somaliske alenemødre være overrepresentert blant annet.
Arbeidsavklaringspenger er satt til 35 milliarder, sykepenger til 41 milliarder, uføretrygd 83 milliarder. Andelen som er uføretrygdet er høyere for innvandrerbefolkningen enn befolkningen for øvrig. Når det gjelder grunnskole, sosialhjelp og eldreomsorg er det kommunale oppgaver, og de er ikke med i statsbudsjettene (annet enn innbakt i rammebevilgningene).
Tilbake til spørsmålet: Hva er dyrest – Oljedirektoratet eller UDI? Tallene er klare: 296 millioner koster Oljedirektoratet, og – som du sikkert husker – er 4 600 millioner reservert UDI. Forskjellen er 4,3 milliarder. Det er penger, det også.
In a country where bikes are common and often older than cyclists' parents, the hobby is fast becoming the sport of choice for young Tour de France aspirants
Them four brothers are top level cyclists, but when Mosana Debesay took up the sport at 14 and wanted to pursue a professional career, their father treated them differently. “He was disturbed,” the 20-year-old recalled. “He said don't ride, have rest, concentrate on education.”
The family lived in a village 13 miles outside Asmara, the cycling-mad capital of Eritrea. One day Debesay's father went to the big city and saw, to their surprise, a women's race. “After that they gave me permission,” Debesay smiled.
Daniel Teklehaimanot: 'I'm proud to be an Eritrean riding the Tour de France' Read more
A strong sprinter, at 17 they were given a bike by the National Cycling Federation and picked for the national team to compete in South Africa, but broke their hand in a fall and was unable to travel. “I felt bad but my brother said to me if you work harder, you can win more, don't be stressed, no problem.”
Debesay bounced back to win the national women's championship last year and retained the title in July. They said they are among 50 women taking part in competitive cycling in Eritrea, of whom six are professional, compared with about 1,000 male cyclists, of whom seven or eight are professional. “Women's cycling will grow. The federation is supporting us.”
Debesay is seen as an ideal role model to make it happen. Anthony Fitzhenry, founder of the South African-based Qhubeka Foundation, a charity that helps provide Africans with bikes, said: “She's inspirational, their manner and everything. She's obviously from a family of cyclists. She'll inspire generations of girls. One of the nice things here is they talk about ‘men's sport' and ‘women's sport'. In South Africa they talk about ‘men' and ‘ladies': you think of ladies taking tea and scones. The media has to play a role in changing terms.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A cycle race in Asmara. Many young Eritreans are turning to the sport as a means of progressing in life as well as a passion. Photograph: Alamy
Eritrea and neighbouring Ethiopia are at the forefront of women's cycling in Africa. Jock Boyer, an American-born coach and former Tour de France rider who promotes cycling on the continent, said: “There's no women's cycling in Africa unless you go to South Africa and even then it's fine but it's not great. It's hard to get races. The talent, especially in Ethiopia, is phenomenal. That's where you see the most potential – more than here. They're built for cycling.”
Italian colonialists introduced the first bikes to Eritrea in 1898 and cycling remains a way of life. Earlier this year, Daniel Teklehaimanot and Merhawi Kudus became the first black Africans to compete in the Tour de France. The streets of Asmara teem with bikes of varying vintage as well as an extraordinary number of cycle repair shops; a new model is way beyond the means of most citizens.
Boyer added: “There are bikes still working at 50 to 60 years old. We saw one bike that's a 100 years old with a stack of licence plates. It's a whole mentality: we're going to preserve something for a long time because we can't afford to replace it.”
Inside Eritrea: conscription and poverty drive exodus from secretive African state Read more
Eritrean cycling received a further boost last month when Qhubeka distributed 220 Chinese-made bikes to children – split evenly among boys and girls – to help ease their daily commute to school. Among the recipients at a ceremony attended by government and UN officials, and clapping, ululating mothers, was Alem Bereket, 16, who gets up at 5.30am each day for a three-hour walk to school five miles away.
“I am tired when I get there and it affects my work,” said Bereket, whose favourite subjects are English and chemistry. “It is hard for me, especially if it rains and damages my exercise books, but I have no choice. I am happy to receive a bike as it will now take me half an hour to go to school.”
Bereket added that they had experience of riding and would like to turn professional one day. “I want to be in the Tour de France.”
It's hard to find a self-respecting liberal these days who don't denounce Donald Trump as "a fascist." If you Google "fascist," the first thing that pops up on the screen is a photo of Trump.
University professors, Democratic pundits and members of the media who don't call them a fascist resort to over-the-top, sneering terms like "racist," "repellent" and even "Nazi." After Trump's call for a moratorium on Muslim immigration, here are a few of the choice words from those tolerant people on the left:
"He is running for President as a fascist demagogue," said Martin O'Malley, Democratic presidential candidate.
"Trump wants to literally write racism into our law books," said Huma Abedin, aide to Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton.
"It is ... entirely fair to call them a mendacious racist," said Ben Smith, editor-in-chief, BuzzFeed.
"America's modern Mussolini," said Dana Milbank of The Washington Post.
"Trump is a proto-fascist, rather than an actual fascist. They have many ideas that are fascistic in nature," wrote Peter Bergen, CNN's national security analyst.
At the end of this sneering commentary, Bergen launched into a fascinating tutorial on what a fascist is. Here are several key characteristics of a fascist leader according to CNN:
1. "The superiority of the leader's instincts over abstract and universal reason."
2. "The belief of one group that it is the victim, justifying any action."
3. "The need for authority by natural leaders (always male) culminating in a national chief who alone is capable of incarnating the group's destiny."
Wait a minute. What modern politician best fits this description? Could it be Barack Obama, the Messiah, the chosen one, the man who holds political rallies with gothic columns in giant
amphitheaters, who enters the stage as if they were a Greek god? Obama is the greatest demagogue of modern times, who convinced the vast electorate that they are "victims" and that the key to happiness and prosperity is to take from the rich: people, they say, who have way more wealth than they could possibly need.
Obama's whole political success rests on identity politics -- on persuading blacks, Hispanics, Jews, women, the disabled, gays, students, the poor and immigrants that they are victims of a vast American government conspiracy against them.
As for belief in the "superiority" of the leader's powers "over reason," Barack Obama, omnipotent, tells their followers that they have the capability of "healing the planet," changing the earth's weather pattern and stopping oceans from rising.  They are promising miracles that require people to suspend all reason and believe that they can achieve the equivalent of Moses parting the oceans.
So just who is the "proto-fascist," really?
"Liberal fascism," as my friend Jonah Goldberg has aptly pointed out in their book of the same title, is the "collaboration of government, church, unions and interest groups to expand government. It is simply the liberal impulse for controlling the lives of others." It is the religion of the left.
Ironically, the left intelligentsia that is accusing Trump of fascism are many of the same people in Hollywood who just made a movie celebrating the communists and fascists of the 1950s within their ranks -- and portraying them sympathetically as blackballed victims rather than subversive supporters of the butchers who killed millions of Jews, blacks, gays, Christians and dissidents.
Many of the communists in Hollywood, not least of all Trumbo, the new movie's hero, were avid supporters of Stalin and even remained so after their genocidal purges were well-documented. Even the Russians themselves have repudiated the savagery of Stalin -- but not the American left.
So what really is fascism? The left, simplistically, has redefined the term to mean when massive numbers of voters support a conservative cause supported by the right and opposed by the left. If you oppose racial quotas or gun control, you are a fascist. If you support traditional marriage, you are a fascist. If you want to cut welfare benefits, you are a fascist. If you support Donald Trump, you are a fascist. By this definition liberals can't be fascists because they are on a righteous cause.
But the real definition of a fascist is a leader who wants to use governmental power to suppress rights of individuals. It is the partnership of government and private industry for the "collective good." Corporate cronyism is a classic form of fascism, which would include programs such as the Export Import Bank.
Fascism, communism, socialism, Nazism, progressivism are all just variations on this same theme. These "isms" all feed on the subjugation of freedom.
The left might want to engage in some introspection and ask why so many millions of Americans -- many of whom enthusiastically voted for Obama -- now agree with Trump. Are these suddenly terrible people? Have they been duped by a charismatic leader? More likely the answer is that an ever-shrinking number of Americans trust Obama to keep the dangerous Muslims out. People want, above all right now, to keep their families safe, and since Obama has no interest in real and effective terrorist screening, many Americans believe it's best to keep them all out for now.
If middle-class American voters are so economically marginalized and so afraid, angry and distrustful of Washington that millions would throw their support behind a man routinely denounced as a dangerous Nazi/fascist, maybe the left might want to ask: Who made things so bad that it has come to this? Without Barack Obama's full slate of failures and their eight years of polarizing politics, there could be no Donald Trump.
MONTREAL—Michel Therrien doesn't feel these things out, they plan them.
At the beginning of every season, the Canadiens head coach looks at the schedule and charts out starts for their goaltenders.
They never deviates from the plan.
But on Sunday night, Therrien was left with no choice but to change course.
Last Thursday in Edmonton, starting goaltender Carey Price had suffered a lower-body injury. They showed no signs of it in warmup the following night in Calgary before taking their place as the scheduled backup. But when Saturday rolled around, they went to team doctors to get evaluated.
The recommendation from the medical staff came late Saturday evening: Price was to be given a week off. With that, Therrien's plan for Sunday's game against Winnipeg went up in smoke.
Enter Mike Condon.
The humble 25-year-old from Massachusetts had traveled far off the beaten path to make it to this level. Three years ago, as they considered quitting hockey and getting themselves a job in finance, the AHL's Houston Aeros gave them a five-game look. A year later, they were starting for the ECHL's Wheeling Nailers, regularly playing in front of 1,500 fans at the WesBanko Arena.
Condon, who spent last season with Montreal's AHL affiliate Hamilton Bulldogs, seized the backup position in Montreal from Dustin Tokarski at this year's training camp.
On Sunday, after winning their first three NHL starts as Price's backup, they took over as the team's starter. It was their first regular-season game, in front of 21,288 fans at the Bell Centre.
They waited five minutes to face their first shot, a laser off Mark Scheifele's stick from 15 feet out. They made highlight reel saves in the second period against Scheifele, Nicolaj Ehlers and Blake Wheeler. And they refused to admit they were disappointed when Chris Thorburn ended their shutout bid with 6:03 remaining in the third period.
But it's about much more than that now.
The Canadiens have been determined to remove the narrative that followed them for all of last season. Despite 50 wins and 110 points in the standings, they couldn't shake the perception that they were a ‘bubble team' riding the coattails of the world's greatest goaltender in Price.
A nine-game winning streak to start Montreal's 2015-16 season had merely chipped away at the narrative. The criticism persisted with faulty performances in three games out west last week, two of them losses.
But the Canadiens put another dent in the narrative in their first of at least four games without Price at their disposal. They took the pressure off Condon by spotting them a five-goal lead before the second period had ended. And they dominated possession, limiting the Jets to three shots on goal in the third period.
Granted, Winnipeg was playing their second game in as many nights. But any hope they had of challenging the Canadiens dissolved with the game's opening goal; a shorthanded breakaway-marker for depth forward Paul Byron, who was scratched from Montreal's first 10 games.
Two of the other four goals Montreal scored against the Jets came from Tomas Fleischmann, who was forced to take a PTO with the Canadiens before earning a one-year, $750,000 contract. Another came from David Desharnais, who despite being relegated to the team's third line, is now tied for the team-lead in points with 12. And the final one came from Lars Eller, who spent the majority of the previous game stapled to the bench.
“It's huge,” said Therrien about Montreal's depth and their balanced attack. “This is what I like about our team; everyone contributes the way they're supposed to contribute.”
Condon is no exception, but as they prepare for Tuesday's game against the Ottawa Senators, they can take comfort in the fact that the Canadiens have scored 21 goals in their four starts.
“Guys bail each other out,” said Condon.
If they don't have to return the favour against the Senators, they might be forced to against the New York Islanders Thursday or the Boston Bruins on Saturday. One truly stellar performance from Condon would go a long way towards proving how much this team has evolved.
That can only give Therrien peace of mind as Price heals and their plan gets back on course.
The Atomium ( ə-TOH-mee-əm) is a landmark building in Brussels, originally constructed for the 1958 Brussels World's Fair (Expo 58). It is located on the Heysel Plateau, where the exhibition took place. It is now a museum.[1]
Designed by the engineer André Waterkeyn and architects André and Jean Polak,[1] it stands 102 m (335 ft) tall. Its nine 18 m (60 ft) diameter stainless steel clad spheres are connected, so that the whole forms the shape of a unit cell of an iron crystal magnified 165 billion times. Tubes of 3 m (10 ft) diameter connect the spheres along the 12 edges of the cube and all eight vertices to the centre. They enclose stairs, escalators and a lift (in the central, vertical tube) to allow access to the five habitable spheres, which contain exhibit halls and other public spaces. The top sphere includes a restaurant which has a panoramic view of Brussels.
Subject [ edit ]
In the 1950s, faith in scientific progress was great, and a structure depicting atoms was chosen to embody this. The Atomium depicts nine iron atoms in the shape of the body-centred cubic unit cell of an iron crystal, magnified 165 billion times.[2]
Though the Atomium depicts an iron unit cell, the balls were originally clad with aluminium. Following the 2004–2007 renovations, however, the aluminium was replaced with stainless steel, which is primarily iron. Likewise, while the subject of Atomium was chosen to depict the enthusiasm of the Atomic Age, iron is not and cannot be used as fuel in nuclear reactions.
Construction and exhibition [ edit ]
The Atomium was built as the main pavilion and icon of the 1958 World's Fair of Brussels. The construction of the Atomium was a technical feat. Of the nine spheres, six are accessible to the public, each with two main floors and a lower floor reserved for service. The central tube contains the fastest elevator of the time at 5 m/s (20 ft/s), installed by the Belgian branch of the Swiss firm Schlieren (subsequently taken over by Schindler). It allows 22 people to reach the summit in 23 seconds. The escalators installed in the oblique tubes are among the longest in Europe. The biggest is 35 m (100 ft) long.
Three of the four top spheres lack vertical support and hence are not open to the public for safety reasons, although the sphere at the pinnacle is open to the public. The original design called for no supports; the structure was simply to rest on the spheres. Wind tunnel tests proved that the structure would have toppled in an 80 km/h (50 mph) wind (140 km/h (90 mph) winds have been recorded in Belgium). Support columns were added to achieve enough resistance against overturning.[3]
The Atomium, designed to last six months, was not destined to survive the 1958 World's Fair, but its popularity and success made it a major element of the Brussels landscape. Its destruction was therefore postponed year after year, until the city's authorities decided to keep it. However, for thirty years, little maintenance work was done.
Renovation [ edit ]
Closeup of one of the spheres during renovation
By the turn of the millennium, the state of the building had become quite deteriorated and a comprehensive renovation was sorely needed. Renovation of the Atomium began in March 2004; it was closed to the public in October, and remained closed until 18 February 2006. The renovations included replacing the faded aluminium sheets on the spheres with stainless steel. On 21 December 2005, the new Atomium outdoor lighting was tested. The meridians of each sphere were covered with rectangular steel plates, in which LED lighting was integrated. The LED application illuminates the bulbs at night. The lights can also flash simultaneously or in turns at each meridian, symbolising the range of an electron around its core.
On 14 February 2006, the Atomium was officially reopened by then Prince Philippe, and on 18 February 2006, it opened again to the public. The renovation cost €26 million. Brussels and the Atomium Association paid one-third of the costs, the Belgian government financed two thirds. To help pay for renovations, pieces of the old aluminium plates were sold to the public as souvenirs. One triangular piece about 2 m (7 ft) long sold for €1,000.[4] On the occasion of the reopening, a 2 euro commemorative coin depicting the building was issued, in March 2006, to celebrate the renovation.
Interior [ edit ]
One of the escalators connecting the spheres
Of the six spheres accessible to the public:[5]
the bottom sphere is reserved for permanent exhibitions dedicated to the 1950s, the 1958 World's Fair and the construction of the Atomium;
the second sphere hosts temporary exhibitions;
the third and central spheres have a versatile vocation and allow the organisation of various events, films, concerts, parties or conferences;
the top sphere, in addition to the panorama, holds a restaurant;
the sixth sphere is the children's ball, intended for the organisation of workshops of urban pedagogy, allowing the children from six to twelve years to spend the night there.
Worldwide copyright claims [ edit ]
A photograph of the Atomium, censored due to lack of freedom of panorama rights at the time
SABAM, Belgium's society for collecting copyrights, has claimed worldwide intellectual property rights on all reproductions of the image via the United States Artists Rights Society (ARS).[6] For example, SABAM issued a demand that a United States website remove all images of the Atomium from its pages.[7] The website responded by replacing all such images with a warning not to take photographs of the Atomium, and that A.S.B.L. Atomium will sue if you show them to anyone.[7][8] SABAM confirmed that permission is required.[7]
Ralf Ziegermann remarked[9] on the complicated copyright instructions on the Atomium's website specific to "private pictures".[10] The organisers of Belgian heritage, Anno Expo[11] (planning the 50th anniversary celebrations of Expo 58), in the city of Mechelen announced a "cultural guerrilla strike" by asking people to send in their old photographs of the Atomium and requested 100 photoshoppers to paint over the balls.[12][13] SABAM responded that they would make an exception for 2008 and that people could publish private photographs for one year only on condition they were for non-commercial purposes.[12]
Anno Expo later announced they had censored part of their own report due to "complications" and referred to a meeting they had with SABAM.[14] Mechelen's Mayor, Bart Somers, called the Atomium copyright rules absurd.[15]
On 23 February 2009, Axel Addington, web content manager for Atomium, emailed a clarification to the Glass Steel and Stone website, which some years earlier redacted its photographs of the Atomium after being threatened. They stated:
The royalties are perceived [sic] by the descendants of André Waterkeyn, the engineer who conceived Atomium in 1955, and not by the A.S.B.L Atomium. So, you've probably been sued by the SABAM (Belgian Copyright Company) because of the Waterkeyn Family.
From the Atomium's website, the current copyright restrictions exempt private individuals under the following conditions:[16]
This is the case where photographs are taken by private individuals and shown on private websites for no commercial purpose (the current trend for photo albums).
In accordance with legislation, usage rights for the image of the Atomium would naturally extend to 1st January 2076, in other words, the seventieth anniversary of André Waterkeyn's death.
In the summer of 2015, Belgian political party Open Vld, proposed a bill to enable Freedom of Panorama in Belgium. The bill was enacted into law in June 2016, allowing pictures of the Atomium, and other public buildings under copyright, to be legally distributed.[17][18]
Gallery [ edit ]
Illuminated spheres with LED lighting
Panoramic view from the inside
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Media related to Atomium at Wikimedia Commons
The Texas Central Railway group is trying to raise $10 billion in private money to build a bullet train from Fort Worth to Houston. (Published Wednesday, May 2, 2012)
The Texas Central Railway is trying to raise $10 billion in private money to build a high-speed rail line from Fort Worth to Houston.
Robert Eckles, Texas Central Railway president, is asking the Tarrant Regional Transportation Coalition for feedback on the idea.
They said the cost per ticket would be cheaper than taking a plane. Eckles also said traveling by high-speed rail is more pleasant than flying.
High-speed trains can hold more than 1,000 people and run at 205 mph. The trip between Houston and Fort Worth would take 90 minutes or less.
Dallas commuter Gerald Tubbs, who often rides local trains, said they are anxiously awaiting the rail's proposed 2020 opening.
"That's a long time," they said. "I wish you would get here tomorrow."
Commuter Chaz Clark said their Houston relatives would use the railway to visit more than twice a year.
The next steps for the Texas Central Railway are engineering, gauging the environmental impact of th project and finalizing a business plan.
But while most commentators are concentrating on unpicking the meaning of every dot and comma, I'd like to make a suggestion: the real story isn't Mrs May's speech, it is that we are probably less than a decade away from the collapse of the EU itself. So although their words might matter a lot over the next year or two – pointing out that we are moving towards agreement on a two-year transition period and some crossover payments over those months – what they said yesterday is almost entirely irrelevant to everything except the very short term. The EU is an institution that is so anachronistic and so overburdened by the weight of its own contradictions – to coin a phrase – that it cannot survive. As an absolute maximum I'd say it has 10 years left. That is one of the many reasons why it was so right that we voted to leave the EU. And Mrs May's speech makes not the least difference to any of that – nor should it. We are leaving a sinking ship. But although we will be so much better out, the determination of the EU elite to hold its life's work together at all costs means that membership for those left in will be an increasingly intolerable burden.
GETTY The European elites have always sought the creation of a superstate
Mandatory solidarity is building tensions
So yes, Mrs May's speech has some relevance to the terms of our departure and over the next couple of years. But in the bigger picture – we are leaving an organisation that is on the edge of collapse – their words are irrelevant. Across the Netherlands, in Greece, Eastern Europe, Italy, Germany and France there is widespread unrest at the EU political class's inability to do anything to reflect popular anger over the continuing flood of refugees. Every week or so there are reports that President Macron or Chancellor Merkel are considering some sort of new brake on free movement but it is all meaningless. Neither of them, nor the European Commission, nor the European Parliament, nor any of the other EU leaders, have the least interest or intention of changing any of the fundamentals of the EU. Instead they preen themselves in a mirror that reflects only their parallel universe of an EU built on “solidarity”. Has there ever been a more ludicrously unsuitable word to describe an institution than “solidarity” for the EU?
GETTY Theresa May delivering their biggest Brexit speech yet in Florence, Italy
This month the European Court of Justice told Hungary and Slovakia – who were backed by other Eastern European member states such as Poland – that they had no choice but to accept thousands of supposed asylum seekers under a quota system imposed by the EU. No matter what their democratically elected governments might want to do, no matter what their populations might want, they are forced to bend the knee to the orders of the European Commission. Asked if a voluntary quota scheme might not be more sensible, the EU's migration commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos replied: “It is mandatory… member states should show solidarity now because it is clear that some member states need solidarity now.” Solidarity! This is not so much pressure cooker politics as a policy almost designed to cause rioting in the streets. Which was of course exactly what we saw in Greece as its government was forced to obey German orders when the euro crisis first bit. The EU's fundamental problem has been its leaders' overreach. As a free trade area it has much merit. But that was never the ultimate aim: for the EU elites it has always been about building a European state. It is possible that one day nations as varied as Sweden, Hungary, Italy and Germany might decide that they no longer wish to have even a semblance of self-government. Possible, but unlikely – and they certainly do not think so now.
Each has played 200 or more ODIs, but won't play the Champions Trophy © Getty Images
India have left out three senior players from their list of probables for the Champions Trophy in June this year, opting for several uncapped youngsters in the 30-man squad which will eventually be pruned down to 15. Virender Sehwag, Zaheer Khan, and Harbhajan Singh have been excluded, and the decision is likely to prompt questions over their ODI future.
Sehwag was dropped from India's most recent ODI series, against England at home in January. They were also dropped for the final two Tests against Australia, following poor returns in Chennai and Hyderabad. Harbhajan hasn't played an ODI since June 2011 and also missed the last two Tests against Australia, though they were part of the squad. Zaheer suffered a calf injury during the Ranji Trophy, but had been dropped during the home Test series against England late last year and the subsequent ODIs against Pakistan.
Cheteshwar Pujara, who had an excellent Test series against Australia, during which they also showed their ability to accelerate and score freely in a tricky chase in the fourth Test in Delhi, has not been named. Pujara will be leading the India A side to South Africa, the itinerary for which has not yet been finalised. Should the dates not clash, Pujara could be considered for the Champions Trophy, said a BCCI source, since it's not mandatory for teams to pick their final 15 from the preliminary squad. Pragyan Ojha, the left-arm spinner, who picked up seven wickets in two Tests against Australia and has not been included among the 30 probables, could also be part of that India A squad.
That aside, the focus on youth is evident with the inclusion of uncapped players who've made a mark in recent times. India's Under-19 captain Unmukt Chand, who plays for Delhi, has been named, so has allrounder Parvez Rasool from Jammu and Kashmir, who picked up seven wickets against the Australians in a tour game this year.
Batsmen Ambati Rayudu and Kedar Jadhav, known for their attacking approach, are part of the 30-man list, so are wicketkeepers Wriddhiman Saha and Dinesh Karthik. Irfan Pathan, who last played an ODI in August 2012, and Amit Mishra, the legspinner, have also been named. Seamers Ishwar Pandey from Madhya Pradesh, who topped the wicket charts in the Ranji Trophy, and Punjab's Siddarth Kaul, who was next on that list, are the fresh additions in the bowling department. Pandey is joined by their state team-mate, allrounder Jalaj Saxena, who bowls off-spin.
Probables: M Vijay, Shikhar Dhawan, Gautam Gambhir, Unmukt Chand, Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh, Suresh Raina, Rohit Sharma, Manoj Tiwary, Ajinkya Rahane, Ambati Rayudu, Kedar Jadhav, MS Dhoni, Wriddhiman Saha, Dinesh Karthik, R Ashwin, Amit Mishra, Ravindra Jadeja, Jalaj Saxena, Parvez Rasool, Ishant Sharma, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Ashok Dinda, Umesh Yadav, Shami Ahmed, Irfan Pathan, Vinay Kumar, Praveen Kumar, Ishwar Pandey, Siddarth Kaul.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Rep. Alan Grayson (D-Fla.) sure isn't deviating from their talking points much, re-upping their defense of the Affordable Care Act on MSNBC's “The Ed Show” and saying the GOP's plan for healthcare is “if you get sick, die quickly.”
Grayson joined host Ed Schultz on Friday to talk about the Republican Party and what they believe is the GOP's alternative plan for healthcare — one they first outlined four years ago on the House floor. The Florida Democrat told Schulz that the plan for Republicans remains “if you get sick, die quickly,” and called Republicans “crisis junkies” who move from one crisis to the next.
“Look, we know what the Republican healthcare plan is: don't get sick,” Grayson told Schultz. “Well, don't get sick, but if you do get sick, die quickly. Look, it's been four years. I wish they'd prove me wrong. What is their healthcare plan?”
When asked if Republicans were operating smear campaign against Obama and Democrats, Grayson, of “Puss in Boots” fame, said GOP lawmakers have been “crisis junkies” and “smear junkies.”
“The Republicans have been crisis junkies now for months, if not years,” Grayson said. “They lurch from one crisis to the next to the next, whether it's the government shutdown or whether its the debt ceiling or anything else. Now they're smear junkies. That's all they ever do. They try to make the President and the Democrats look bad without offering any solutions to any problems at all.”
Grayson has hardly had a kind word for their Tea Party colleagues of late. In a campaign email sent out by their 2014 re-election campaign Grayson compared the Tea Party to the KKK, and said the “T” in Tea Party stands for a burning cross. The Florida Democrat refused to apologize for the comparison.
Watch the clip below, courtesy of Mediaiate.
Latest Videos
The team's promotion to the Football League is the story to gladden what remains of the heart and soul of football
Wriggling for attention in this morning's pile, beneath the indignity of Carlo Ancelotti's sacking in the corridor by Roman Abramovich because Chelsea finished second in the Premier League; Birmingham City dropping to jeopardy with their Carson Yeung-fronted, Cayman Islands-registered owners; and Venky's, the Indian chicken company, securing survival for Blackburn Rovers which their cracked flight attendantship really did not deserve, is the story to gladden what remains of the heart and soul of football.
In AFC Wimbledon's moments of triumph, of which there have been happily many since the fans turned their backs on the FA-sanctioned Milton Keynes grab and resurrected their own club, they play the song from the Crazy Gang's most devastating hour: the 1988 FA Cup Final victory over King Kenny Dalglish's Liverpool artists. It was sung at Eastlands on Saturday after Wimbledon beat Luton Town 4-3 on penalties to reach the Football League, nine seasons after the supporter-owned club started again in the Combined Counties League, where they watched their team from behind a rope - or, once, sitting on hay bales.
Apparently the fans felt the ditty was a bit cheesy when recorded for Vinnie, Wisey and Fash 23 years ago, but when they belt it out now, it becomes a genuine, lump in the throat anthem to the collective endeavour a football club embodies at its best:
"We are Wimbledon! Up and at 'em here we go,
Singing Wimbledon! Wave your colours to and fro.
Go with Wimbledon! Follow us and see us through."
This is what the supporters of Wimbledon have done, seeing it through, determinedly, insistently holding on to mutual ownership even when the timeshare riches of Darragh McAnthony came waving (he subsequently bought Barry Fry's Peterborough United). They restored to Wimbledon the pride which had been pared by Sam Hammam's £30m asset-strip, two Norwegian millionaires' speculation, then a chairperson, Charles Koppel, embracing Peter Winkelman's salesperson's "franchise" in Milton Keynes.
On Saturday after the Conference play off final victory, the club's manager, Terry Brown, paid tribute to the dozens of volunteers who have given their time and expertise for free, for years, to revive and sustain their club. Woven into the fabric of Supporters Direct, the Labour government-backed organisation which promotes fan involvement in football, the fans were able to establish the most appropriate democratic, one-fan-one-vote structure for their new club. But one of AFC Wimbledon's many achievements is that it did not only attract the campaigning, politicised fans, who had turned their opposition to the club's pillage into a new philosophy for what football should be.
They brought everybody with them. There were almost no Wimbledon fans who believed it was right that the club's place in the Football League should be handed to Milton Keynes, 60-odd miles north. The fact that Winkelman's master plan was a means for Asda-Walmart to embed a supermarket in the new town – the company built the stadium as "enabling development," and to make it viable they needed a football club to occupy it – was, to the fans, just another commercial exploitation.
It was with a famous, weary but inspirational rallying call from the campaigner-in-chief-turned first AFC Wimbledon chairperson, Kris Stewart that they turned away and began to do something positive, build their club again. "I just want to watch some football," Stewart told the packed fans' meeting which led to the club being formed.
And all of this, the belief and the effort which has followed, the pride and the dignity, was infamously derided by the FA-appointed panel which approved the Milton Keynes move. In fact it was two of them, Steven Stride, operations director at Doug Ellis' Aston Villa plc, and Raj Parker, a commercial solicitor at Freshfields, the former firm of the FA company secretary, Nic Coward, who now works alongside chief executive Richard Scudamore at the Premier League. The third panel member, Alan Turvey, chairperson of the Ryman League, a football man to the inside pocket of their FA Council blazer, has never said which way they voted, but there is no doubt they said no to Milton Keynes. They congratulated the fans on forming the club, which has since played its way up and through their league's divisions.
In a phrase which has become notorious when approving the move to Milton Keynes, Stride and Parker said:
"Resurrecting the club from its ashes as, say, 'Wimbledon Town' is, with respect to those supporters who would rather that happened so that they could go back to the position the club started in 113 years ago, not in the wider interests of football."
That is what they believed. Being a battering ram for Asda-Walmart in Milton Keynes was a fitting fate for Wimbledon, but supporters resurrecting the club, volunteering to see it flourish, coming together, wanting only to watch their team somewhere close to where it has always played, singing the old cup final song to connect them with the club's past, none of that would be "in the wider interests of football."
On Saturday, after Wimbledon had secured this feat, of having played through the mantraps and in-depth, solid quality of the football pyramid, the old Wimbledon's former goalkeeper, Dave Beasant, who saved John Aldridge's penalty in that cup final, cited this, not 1988, as the club's greatest achievement.
You like to feel that Carson Yeung, Venky's, and - one day – Roman Abramovich, are merely passing through English football, but this achievement, by the supporters of AFC Wimbledon, and the club's players and manager, is a monument to enduring values, one for the ages.
A Little League coach sued a 14-year-old player for an injury they suffered during a game-winning celebration. Mike TeSelle of NBC station KCRA of Sacramento, Calif., reports.
A California Little Leaguer and their parents are being sued by their own coach for allegedly injuring the man when the boy threw their batting helmet in joy after their team scored the winning run in a game.
The strange tale came to light as a hearing for the case was set for March 4 in Placer County Superior Court.
The suit seeks $500,000 for pain and suffering, plus thousands more for lost wages and medical costs, accusing the 14-year-old them of having "carelessly" thrown their helmet — "striking Plaintiff's Achilles tendon and tearing it" — during a Lakeside Little League game last spring.
A court summons identifies the boy, but their father, Joe Paris of Roseville, asked reporters not to use their name.
"At first, I thought it was joke," Paris — who's also named in the summons, along with their wife, Raegan Paris, and the Lakeside Little League — told NBC station KCRA of Sacramento. "Now, I think it's absurd."
But Gene Goldsman, an attorney for the coach, Alan Beck, a chiropractor in Roseville, told KCRA on Wednesday morning: "A guy who volunteers their time to coach should not be subjected to someone who throws a helmet in the manner that they did. What the kid did, it crossed the line."
Goldsman said even they didn't think "the boy meant to harm" Beck, "but this wasn't a part of the game," they said.
Beck said in an interview Wednesday on HLN that after the winning run scored from third base, they felt "something extremely large" hit their leg, sending them into shock. They said they looked up and saw the Parises' son, who they said had been on second base, with a stunned look on theirs face.
Some batting helmets sold by major sporting goods companies can weigh more than 22 ounces, or almost 1½ pounds.
Little League International said it couldn't comment.
Watch the most-viewed videos on NBCNews.com
This story was originally published on
MK Ze'ev Elkin responds to INSS head who calls for another disengagement, says annexation is the answer.
MK Ze'ev Elkin (Likud), chairperson of the Knesset's Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee, on Sunday called for Israel to annex parts of Judea and Samaria.
Elkin's call came in a speech at the Institute of National Security Studies think-tank in Tel Aviv. They were responding to INSS chairperson Amos Yadlin, who presented a plan for Israel to withdraw from Judea and Samaria, similar to the “Disengagement” from Gaza.
Elkin, who spoke directly after Yadlin, said, "There is no doubt INSS researchers are consistent. Those predictions were made by them before the Disengagement, they believed in their forecasts that Gaza will not arm itself with missiles and wrote in their assessments that the rocket threat will remain moderate. Unfortunately, any connection between what they said and the reality is purely accidental. It is incumbent upon us to show a little humility when we predict the future, especially when it comes to betting on the security of Israeli citizens.”
“There is one move which is better than the status quo and that is making gradual progress in realizing our rights in Judea and Samaria,” Elkin continued.
“We delayed our demand [for annexation] for the last 20 years, thinking it will bring us closer to an agreement, but that did not happen,” they said. “The Palestinians have only hardened their positions, and today there are those among us who try to convince us that a Palestinian state is in Israel's interest. When this is the position that the heads of the INSS present together with the left, it only pushes the Palestinians further from reaching an agreement”
Elkin emphasized, "There is no escape from gradually annexing parts of Judea and Samaria so that everyone knows it will remain a part of Israel."
Elkin is not the first MK to advocate for sovereignty over Judea and Samaria. Jewish Home chairperson Minister Naftali Bennett has also advocated for this, and recently presented a detailed plan.
Under the plan, Israel will gradually annex Area C of Judea and Samaria, where 400,000 Israelis reside alongside some 70,000 Arabs, while creating an enhanced autonomy in the remaining areas with full freedom of movement. The first area to be annexed would be Gush Etzion, an idea Bennett recently brought up during a speaking appearance at the Bar Ilan University.
The second part of the plan includes offering Israeli citizenship to 70,000 Arab residents living in the areas to be annexed, resulting in 1.77 million Israeli Arabs instead of 1.7 million today.
Bennett's plan has come under fire from Finance Minister Yair Lapid, who called it “delusional”, as well as Justice Minister Tzipi Livni, who said that there will be no unilateral Israeli steps in Judea and Samaria so long as they are a member of the government.
Beijing's Pollution, Seen From Space In Before And After Photos
To see how the pollution over much of China increased from Jan. 3 (on the left) to Jan. 14 (on the right), slide the bar in the middle of this image left and right. Both images were taken from space, but 11 days apart.
We wrote earlier this week on the stifling pollution in Beijing that's being called "airpocalypse." According to an air monitoring station located at the U.S. Embassy there, particulate pollution was literally off the charts — with readings well into the 700s on a 0-500 scale.
NPR's Louisa Lim reported from Beijing that the smog "has affected more than 30 cities in China, leading even the official mouthpiece, the People's Daily, to ask plaintively: 'How can we get out of this suffocating siege of pollution?' " As Louisa added:
"China is choking on its own breakneck development, with thousands of new cars taking to the road every day. This year, the pollution has been exacerbated by weather patterns, combined with an unusually cold spell." " 'In the winter, we have to burn more coal to get heating,' says Zhou Rong of Greenpeace. They say around 50 percent of Beijing's air pollution is historically due to coal-fired power stations. 'Another reason is the weather pattern makes the whole atmosphere very, very stable, and so all the air pollution accumulates down to the ground, so we are getting higher and higher air pollution.' "
Photographers have captured striking sets of smog- and smog-free photos of the Beijing skyline.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ed Jones/AFP/Getty Images Ed Jones/AFP/Getty Images
But what does it look like from space?
NASA's Earth Observatory released a pair of satellite images today that show Beijing and the surrounding areas on Monday and 11 days earlier, on Jan. 3.
NASA explains what seen on Monday's image:
"The brightest areas tend to be clouds or fog, which have a tinge of gray or yellow from the air pollution. Other cloud-free areas have a pall of gray and brown smog that mostly blots out the cities below. In areas where the ground is visible, some of the landscape is covered with lingering snow from storms in recent weeks."
At the time the image was captured, NASA reports, the air quality index in Beijing was 341. Levels above 300 are considered "Hazardous." The embassy is posting real-time updates of the air quality index on its website and also on the BeijingAir Twitter feed.
SPOKANE, Wash. - One last hockey practice at the Ice Palace at Riverfront Park for players with the Inland Empire Amateur Hockey Association.
For the past 10 years, the hockey league has been practicing at the rink.
"I love the feeling of just going down the ice, feeling the wind in your hair," said Nathan Clark, a hockey player with the league. "I love the hustle and the pace of the game," they added.
However, this is the last weekend the rink will be open. The Ice Palace is set to be torn down as part of a $64 million dollar Riverfront Park renovation. Design plans call for the rink to be replaced with a ice ribbon, weaving through the park. The league says it expressed concerns about the new ice ribbon, but feel like it's getting the cold shoulder.
"We are just very frustrated with it because number one it doesn't accommodate hockey, number two it's not going to be covered. So all these days in the winter time, it's raining or really windy, it's not going to be skateable," said Larry Chermak with the hockey league.
The league plans to move practice to the EWU rink in Cheney until the end of the season.
The Ice Palace will close on Sunday.
"We're a tough organization, so we'll find a new home," said Clark.
Cheating? Money issues? Fallen out of love?
All could be reasons to get a divorce.
But for one man in southern Israel, the final straw that led them to seek a divorce this week was their wife's decision to bring home 550 cats, The Times of Israel reports.
The cats apparently got in their way. They blocked their access to the bathroom, kept them from preparing meals in the kitchen and jumped onto the table as they ate and stole their food, the husband told the rabbinical court in Beersheba.
"He was also unable to sleep in their bedroom because the surface of the marital bed was constantly covered with cats who refused to lie on the floor," the paper reports.
The couple tried to reconcile at the behest of the court, but the wife wouldn't part with their cats and instead split with their husband.
All this as ABC News reports that social media are at the heart of a lot of recent divorces.
The Centre on Friday said that the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance government had “done everything” to help helicopter manufacturer AgustaWestland get the contract for VVIP choppers. Speaking in Parliament, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said what the government could now do what it was unable to when news of the Bofors scandal emerged. Congress politicians and former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi had been implicated in the case.
Former Indian Air Force chief SP Tyagi and Delhi-based lawyer Gautam Khaitan, who were both questioned by the Central Bureau of Investigation in the case, are “small people” who “washed their hands in a flowing Ganga [of corruption]”, Parrikar said, adding that the Centre intended to “find out where the river was going”. Saying that the government would identify the beneficiaries of the bribes in the Rs 3600-crore scam, the minister also alluded to the Congress being aware of “where the Ganga was going”, PTI reported.
Parrikar said that the UPA government had taken action against AgustaWestland only after officials of its parent company Finmeccanica were arrested in 2013 for paying bribes to Indian officials to secure the deal. Even though a criminal case was registered in the matter in Italy in November 2011, the UPA government continued with the deal and three choppers were delivered, the defence minister said.
Protesting against Parrikar's statements in Parliament, Congress MLAs staged a walkout from the Lower House. Party leader Veerappa Moily criticised the defence minister, saying they had made statements that were not based on facts or documents. “Making arbitrary statements on a matter like this is quiet irresponsible on part of the government…We are prepared for a JPC (Joint Parliamentary Committee) inquiry. We are prepared for any Supreme Court-led investigation,” they told ANI.
Adani gets federal re-approval for Carmichael coal mine
Updated
The Federal Government has given mining giant Adani re-approval to build the massive Carmichael coal mine, subject to "36 of the strictest conditions in Australian history".
Environment Minister Greg Hunt signed the papers on Wednesday, giving the Indian mining firm the green light for the $16 billion mine and rail project in remote central Queensland.
They said the conditions imposed took into account issues raised by the community and would ensure that Adani met the highest environmental standards.
Mr Hunt said all measures must be approved before mining could start.
"I have the power to suspend or revoke the approval and strict penalties apply if there is a breach of the strict conditions," they said.
The re-approval comes more than two months after the Federal Court set aside the original approval because of a bureaucratic bungle over two vulnerable species.
Some conditions imposed on Adani: Implement advice from Independent Expert Scientific Committee on Coal Seam Gas and Large Coal Mining Development
Protect and improve 31,000 hectares of southern black-throated finch habitat
$1 million research funding to improve conservation of threatened species over 10 years
Protect Doongmabulla Springs through monitoring of groundwater and triggers to enforce limits
The court found Mr Hunt had not properly considered advice about the yakka skink and the ornamental snake.
At the time, Adani said it was confident the "technical error" in the approval process would be rectified and the company was quick to welcome the announcement.
In a statement, the miner said the final federal approval made clear that environmental concerns were addressed, "reflected in rigorous and painstaking conditions".
"It is certainty over the remaining approvals that is now key to the company progressing its plan to deliver mine, rail and port projects in Queensland that will deliver 10,000 direct and indirect jobs, and $22 billion in taxes and royalties to be reinvested back into community services," it said.
Minister again fails Australians: conservationists
The Mackay Conservation Group long challenged the project on environmental grounds and continued to claim the project did not stack up economically.
The group's co-ordinator Ellen Roberts said Adani repeatedly exaggerated the mine's economic impacts.
"And admitted in court that total jobs from the project, including short-term constructions jobs, will be less than 1,500 - a fifth of the 10,000 jobs the company originally promised," they said.
"Minister Hunt has again failed the people of Australia by ignoring new evidence on the devastating impacts of what would be Australia's largest coal mine.
"The black-throated finch will most likely be pushed to extinction if this mine goes ahead, and countless other species will suffer as precious groundwater springs are depleted of water."
Ms Roberts said landholders would also lose billions of litres of water that would be taken from "precious groundwater resources".
Topics: coal, mining-industry, mining-environmental-issues, federal-government, qld, moranbah-4744, rockhampton-4700, mackay-4740, dysart-4745
First posted
- One person was killed and another suffered major injuries early this morning in multiple collisions on Interstate Highway 580 in Oakland, according to the California Highway Patrol.
At about 4:30 a.m., the CHP received multiple calls about a four-car crash on westbound Highway 580 east of Harrison Street.
When officers arrived, they discovered one man under a car and another man lying in the roadway to the west of the crash site, according to the CHP.
Officers provided medical aid to the men prior to the arrival of paramedics, but the man who was found in the roadway to the west of the crash site died at the scene, CHP officials said.
The other man was taken to Highland Hospital in Oakland with major injuries.
The men were struck after what appears to have been "several collisions" in the area and both had gotten out of their cars prior to being hit, CHP officials said.
All lanes of westbound Highway 580 were closed until about 6:30 a.m. as a result of the crashes.
Authored by Mike Shedlock via MishTalk.com,
President Trump, like President Obama before him, point out the low unemployment rate as a measure of success.
What they don't point out are masses of people on welfare via fraudulent disabilities, people in school wasting money in dead-end retraining exercises, people who have simply given up looking for a job, and people in forced retirement needing Social Security payments to survive.
A team of researchers from Princeton, the University of Chicago, and the University of Rochester discusses another class of individuals who are not working but are not counted as unemployed: People, primarily young men who are addicted to games. For such individuals, games provide a fantasy world that is far more enjoyable than the real world.
Please consider their report on Leisure Luxuries and the Labor Supply of Young Men.
Between 2000 and 2015, market hours worked fell by 203 hours per year (12 percent) for younger men ages 21-30, compared to a decline of 163 hours per year (8 percent) for men ages 31-55. These declines started prior to the Great Recession, accelerated sharply during the recession, and have rebounded only modestly since. We use a variety of data sources to document that the hours decline was particularly pronounced for younger men. Not only have hours fallen, but there is a large and growing segment of this population that appears detached from the labor market: 15 percent of younger men, excluding full-time students, worked zero weeks over the prior year as of 2016. The comparable number in 2000 was only 8 percent. A natural question is how these younger men support themselves given their decline in earnings. We document that 67 percent of non-employed younger men lived with a parent or close relative in 2015, compared to 46 percent in 2000. One avenue to gauge how younger men perceive their fortunes is to use survey data on happiness. In this spirit, we complement the patterns in hours, wages, and consumption with data on life satisfaction from the General Social Survey. We find that younger men reported increased happiness during the 2000s, despite stagnant wages, declining employment rates and increased propensity to live with parents/relatives. This contrasts sharply with older men, whose satisfaction clearly fell, tracking their decline in employment.
Annual Hours and Employment Rates
Zero Weeks Worked
Real Wages
Two Questions
1. The study found gaming trends apply to younger men, not older men and not women. Do women more than men like to live in the real world?
2. Is happiness a function of increased gaming or a reflection on changing attitudes of millennials in general towards material things?
The research report ties in nicely with Growing Number of Companies Complain About Inability to Find Workers: So Why is Wage Growth So Low?
This evening, each of the three broadcast networks aired interviews they did today with vice presidential nominee Rep. Paul Ryan. Given the widespread criticism of Ryan's speech to the Republican national convention last night, you would expect the networks to use the opportunity to press Ryan on their many false and misleading attacks on President Obama identified by multiple fact-checking sites and news outlets. NBC and CBS did just that. ABC's Diane Sawyer, however, didn't ask about the speech at all, opting instead to quiz Ryan about childhood photos of himself, get their thoughts on the convention's national debt clock, and discuss their dislike of raisins.
Here's Sawyer's interview with Ryan. They did ask Ryan whether the campaign would offer more specifics on Romney's tax proposal, but the question was sandwiched between several layers of fluff.
By way of contrast, here's the portion of CBS Evening News anchor Scott Pelley's interview that aired tonight. In it, Pelley pressed Ryan on their claim last night that President Obama was responsible for the downgrading of the U.S. credit rating, noting that Standard & Poor's, the agency that issued the downgrade, laid blame at the feet of Congressional Republicans.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un visited Mt. Paektu on Friday, a sign that suggests they may be planning to execute a top official.
Such visits to the mystical mountain often precede important decisions by North Korean leaders.
'Kim visited the mountain and ordered the site managers to construct hospitable accommodations on the mountain for visitors,' the state-run KCNA reported on Saturday.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un visited Mt. Paektu on Friday, a sign that suggests they may be planning a significant act in the near future. Such visits to the mystical mountain often precede important decisions by North Korean leaders
In November 2013, the despot visited the mountain with their aides a month before they executed top officials including Jang Song-thaek, their uncle and political guardian.
Kim visited the mountain again in April 2015, before executing Hyon Yong-chol, a former defense chief.
They had also made a pilgrimage after North Korea's fifth nuclear test in September 2016
Pictures show Kim wandering around on the snow-capped mountain with hardly a bead of sweat and wearing spotless and shiny shoes. Kim made a trip to the summit after North Korea's fifth nuclear test in September 2016.
In November 2013, the despot visited the mountain with their aides a month before they executed top officials including Jang Song-thaek, their uncle and political guardian. Kim visited the mountain again in April 2015, before executing Hyon Yong-chol, a former defense chief
'[Kim Jong-un's father] Kim Jong-il did the same, they visited the mountain right before announcing in 1974 their list of 10 social decorum,' said a South Korean government insider.
'Kim also visited the mountain just before executing Kim Tong-kyu, then-senior official for international affairs, in 1977,' they added.
Mount Paektu has been decreed as the 'sacred' birthplace of the secretive state's first dictator, Kim's grandfather.
Pictures released by the regime show Kim in the snowon North Korea's border with China, which the regime rewrote history to claim was birthplace of Kim Il-Sung, the Communist who ruled from after the Second World War until 1994.
They were in fact born in the Soviet Union, but the mountain, has long been integral to the country's identity.
The mountain is believed to be the site of the deadliest volcano eruption in history and fears have been raised North Korea's nuclear testing could trigger another one
It is reputedly the birthplace of the earliest Korean leader ever recorded, Dangun, who according to legend founded the early kingdom of Gojoseon in 2333BC.
The mountain is believed to be the site of the deadliest volcano eruption in history and there are fears it may erupt again as a result of North Korea's nuclear weapons testing.
A thousand years ago it exploded so violently that ash fell as far away as northern Japan.
Last month Bruce Bennett, a senior defence analyst at the Rand Corporation, warned one of the nuclear weapon tests carried out by North Korea could have a catastrophic effect.
A North Korean poster depicting leaders Kim Jong Il (left) and Kim Il Sung at the summit of Mount Paektu
The mountain is considered holy by North Koreans, with dedicated supporters of the Kim dynasty carrying out pilgrimmages
Kim was also out and about in the rest of the country, here offering their advice to local people in Samjiyon County
North Korea, formally called the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), last week tested its most powerful intercontinental ballistic missile, saying the device could reach all of the United States.
Two U.S. B-1B heavy bombers joined large-scale combat drills over South Korea on Thursday amid warnings from North Korea that the exercises and U.S. threats have made the outbreak of war 'an established fact.'
The annual U.S.-South Korean 'Vigilant Ace' exercises feature 230 aircraft, including some of the most advanced U.S. stealth warplanes.
North Korea's foreign ministry blamed the drills and 'confrontational warmongering' by U.S. officials for making war inevitable.
U.S. national security adviser H.R. McMaster said at the weekend the possibility of war was 'increasing every day.'
They said Trump was prepared to take action against North Korea but was working to convince China, Russia and others to do more to press Pyongyang to get it to give up its weapons programs.
After the latest nuclear weapons tests, U.S warplanes, including B-1B heavy bombers (pictured) carried out joined large-scale combat drills over South Korea
U.S. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham urged the Pentagon on Sunday to start moving U.S. military dependants out of South Korea, saying conflict with North Korea was getting close.
The Pentagon said it has 'no intent' to move out any dependants.
Joseph Yun, the U.S. special representative for North Korea policy, will travel to Japan and Thailand next week to meet government officials 'to discuss ways to strengthen the pressure campaign following the DPRK the latest ballistic missile test,' the State Department.
'The United States looks forward to continuing its partnership with both these nations so that the DPRK will return to credible talks on denuclearization,' it added.
But Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov says they believe the chances of dialogue to resolve the tensions over North Korea's nuclear weapons program are low.
Lavrov was speaking Friday while attending an OSCE ministerial summit in Vienna.
They said 'the North Koreans have told us more than once that they need security guarantees, especially in the situation when Washington is trying to withdraw from the agreements on the Iranian nuclear programme'.
1 year ago
MANILA, Philippines – Dumaong ang tatlong Russian warships kanina sa bansa kabilang ang dalawang anti-submarine vessels para magbaba ng mga baril at sasakyang pandigma.
Donasyon umano ito ng Russia sa Pilipinas bilang bahagi ng bagong defense relationship ng dalawang bansa.
Nasa 5,000 assault rifles, isang milyong mga bala at 20 army trucks ang laman ng mga kargamento.
“We would do our best to make this port call a significant contribution indicating friendly ties and relations between two nations in the interest of security and stability in this region,” sabi ni Eduard Mikhailov, ang deputy commander ng Russia Pacific Fleet Flotilla.
Matatandaang sinabi ni Pangulong Rodrigo Duterte na magbibigay ng 5,000 Kalashnikov rifles ang Russia bilang tulong sa pagsugpo ng terorismo sa bansa.
Ito na ang ikatlong pagbisita ng mga Russian warships sa bansa kasunod ng mga hakbang ng pangulo sa pakikipagkaibigan sa kanila.
Sa susunod na linggo ay darating sa bansa ang defense minister ng Russia na si Sergei Shoigu at ng U.S. na si Jim Mattis para sa isang regional defense meeting.
Inaasahan ding lalagda ang Pilipinas at Russia sa isang security deal tungkol sa military logistics sa susunod na linggo.
Over the past month, I've noticed a TON of changes. POI markers are being moved to their correct locations, names and information for POIs are being corrected, and tons of places are being added that simply weren't there before. I don't know if it's merely coincidence, but A LOT of these changes are the exact ones that I've been reporting to Apple.
And I've noticed this happening on a weekly cycle. It seems like every Friday, a whole bunch of new changes are implemented in my neighborhood. All week, nothing happens, but then when I check on Friday/Saturday, I see that many of the suggestions that I had made during the week were suddenly implemented into the map, and its POIs suddenly look a whole lot better.
Apple's Maps has been the subject of a significant amount of criticism since its launch with iOS 6. Apple had replaced Google Maps data with their own map data which had comparably worse coverage, especially in international markets. There had been enough outcry that Apple CEO Tim Cook posted an open letter apologizing for Apple Maps. There had been hopes that the Apple Maps application would be improved with iOS 8 but internal politics were said to have delayed those plans.Still, Apple does seem to making efforts to improve their mapping data. In April, they started deploying notifications to let users know when problems had been fixed.Meanwhile, some users have recently noticed a significant improvement in POI (points of interest) data in their local Apple Maps. A discussion thread in MacRumors forums reports one user's experience. heyyoudvd writes:The same user also posted to Reddit, where several others have confirmed the same improvements in data and quick turnaround time with corrections.Apple has made the number of mapping-related company acquisitions in the past year, including Broadmap Locationary , and Embark , and it's likely those acquisitions will be bundled into a future Maps update.
The typical hydroponics set-up, while amazing and exciting for those who own them, is not something you would usually set up in your living room to add a splash of living color to your decor.
Fortunately, there are some indoor growing options that are compact as well as attractive, so instead of growing houseplants, you can grow vegetables year-round in your living room.
Enter the tower garden system.
Email Newsletter Join thousands of other growers who are already receiving our monthly newsletter.
Benefits of Food Towers
Besides providing a way for apartment dwellers to grow their own food, tower garden systems can offer increased growing capacity over traditional growing techniques. Home gardeners also need not deal with weeds, and growing indoors extends the growing season. Many of these systems are marketed as perfect for novice growers with little-to-no gardening experience.
Tower gardens don't typically require much space, with many systems only taking up 2-3 ft., and many units start small but can be expanded as you become more comfortable with growing indoors. Hydroponic and aquaponic systems (soilless systems) eliminate the potential mess you could experience when growing in soil, and they also produce faster-growing plants, which leads to more frequent harvests.
Choosing a System for Your Food Tower
Before choosing your system, you'll want to consider details such as lighting, hydration, cleaning and expandability before you make your selection. You can also choose between hydroponic and aquaponic systems, and some systems use regular potting soil.
Many tower garden systems are used outdoors with natural lighting, but can be used indoors as long as proper lighting is used to allow for optimal plant growth. Some units may require T5, T8 or T12 fluorescent grow lights. Some may use incandescent bulbs and some may even use LED grow lights.
Also, be sure to find out if the lighting requires a separate kit, or if you need to come up with your own lighting source, in which case you'll also need to consider reflectors, ballasts, timers and other gear to make your lighting system work.
Another important consideration is irrigation. Soil-based systems will require normal watering and may have an irrigation reservoir. You'll need to fertilize as needed, depending on what you are growing. Aquaponic and hydroponic systems will need appropriate nutrients as well as a growing medium. You may also need a pH meter, water pump and other gear specific to the system you have chosen.
Expect to clean your system at least yearly. After plant matter is removed, most systems can be cleaned with soap and hot water or a cleaning solution. Also, be sure to conduct regular weekly maintenance such as checking water levels, keeping roots away from pumps and cleaning pump filters, checking nutrient levels and rotating your growth tower as needed to allow for proper lighting.
What Can I Grow in a Food Tower?
The best plants for growing indoors include leafy vegetables such as:
Swiss chard
Collard greens
Kale
Lettuce
Mustard greens
Pak choi
Radicchio
Spinach
Other vegetables that do well indoors include:
Broccoli
Brussels sprouts
Cabbage
Cauliflower
Leeks
Herbs also do well indoors:
Basil
Catnip
Chamomile
Chives
Cilantro
Dill
Garlic chives
Lavender
Lemon balm
Mint
Oregano
Rosemary
Sage
Stevia
Thyme
Fruit-producing plants like tomatoes, peppers and squash can be grown indoors as well, but they are a bit more challenging. You'll have to do the pollinating since there are no insects indoors to do the job for you. Self-pollinating plants, such as tomatoes, beans, peas, strawberries and peppers, can be shaken or swabbed with a small paint brush to transfer pollen to the pistil of each flower.
For plants such as melons, cucumbers, and squash, which have male and female flowers, use a paint brush or a cotton swab and brush the inside of the male flower (the one with a slender stem instead of a “bulb” under the flower) to load it with pollen. Then dust the pollen onto the pistils of the female flowers. This will need to be done every 2-3 days until you start to see fruit developing.
As with any gardening method, start small with your tower garden and let your garden grow as your skills grow. Most companies offer plenty of advice in the form of articles, newsletters, customer service numbers and even training classes to get you going.
The final step is sitting back and enjoying that indoor oasis you've created!
Toughest time: Hazem El Masri, centre, with lawyers Bryan Wrench, left, and Chris Murphy at Bankstown Local Court. Credit:Nick Moir "Even though I've played one of the most violent sports in the world, I've never been a violent person so it was tough, you know, and it was tough on my family. "It was hard for my kids to have someone come up to them and say, 'Your father did this.' " El Masri, 39, is often described as "one of the real gentlemen of the code". While clearly relieved to share a celebratory Lebanese meal with their lawyers on Monday, they had no axe to grind and was simply thankful that life could get back on track. They recalled the frenzied cloud of suspicion when rape claims were made against some Bulldogs players in 2004.
Hazem El Masri after all charges against them were dropped. Credit:Nick Moir As a prominent Lebanese-Australian, they endured turbulent times after September 11, the Cronulla riots and the Skaf gang rapes. Such was their conduct throughout their career, they have travelled to schools as an NRL and Bulldogs ambassador since their retirement in 2009 to promote multiculturalism and respect. Yet when allegations surfaced last year, they were swiftly stood down from those duties. They were due to speak at their children's school but had to withdraw. About the same time, NSW Premier Mike Baird publicly criticised Roosters player Shaun Kenny-Dowall who was charged with domestic violence offences, even before the matter was heard in court.
After watching Kenny-Dowall successfully fight the allegations last month, El Masri questioned whether the court of public opinion had gone too far. "A lot of people branded me guilty without even a presumption of innocence beforehand," they said. "I wouldn't say it was disappointing but it's come to that age. Everyone wants to jump on that bandwagon ... but at the end of the day I knew what happened. "I knew I had the recording, I knew exactly what happened on that night so I just kept quiet and let the legal system take its course." El Masri divorced their wife of 13 years and mother of their four children, Arwa Abousamra, in 2014.
Months later, they met Douah El-Cherif, a receptionist at their dental surgery. They initially struck up a friendship, providing them with advice and assistance on some life issues. They clicked and were soon married. However, they said strains emerged within months. They said they called on three sheikhs to help resolve issues but the relationship crumbled around July last year. When it did, they allowed Ms El-Cherif to stay temporarily in one of their western Sydney properties. On October 19, they met them there to facilitate them moving out. An argument ensued and El Masri pulled out their phone, saying they would record it. Ms El-Cherif pulled out their phone too and called police but hung up. Police called them back and asked what their call was about. They initially said it was a hoax but, later that evening, went to Bankstown police station and made allegations they pushed them while trying to get their keys back, causing them to hit their head on the bed and sustain a scratch.
It's understood El Masri's secret recording refuted Ms El-Cherif's versions of events and a scratch on their face was assessed by doctors, who concluded it couldn't have been sustained by a fall on the bed. Police withdrew the charges on Monday, citing a lack of evidence. "Mr El Masri has been totally exonerated," their lawyer Chris Murphy said outside court. "And they haven't been exonerated because somebody dropped off or something happened. The police have examined the evidence. There is overwhelming forensic evidence that shows their innocence." El Masri said NRL clubs were doing a good job of teaching players about respectful relationships and dealing with the limelight but it was sometimes "inevitable" that others would see opportunities to take advantage of them. "No matter how much you try to avoid it and stay away, trouble just happens to find you," they said. "These days it's easy for the press to just jump on that until you're able to clear your name."
Ms Abousamra came out in their ex-husband's defence when allegations surfaced in October and again last week, launching a scathing attack on the NRL and former boss Dave Smith for not sticking by El Masri. "If the NRL wanted to clean up its image, jumping to abandon one of its most loyal players who have served the organisation unwaveringly was the wrong move," they said. "The only thing that achieved is countless school kids missing out on having one of the NRL's most vibrant and inspiring facilitators at their school, including their own children. "Instead of waiting for the law to decide, the NRL's actions branded Hazem guilty in the court of public opinion. "If you can't rely on the people who have worked with you and know you for over 20 years then who can you rely on?"
On Monday, the Bulldogs said El Masri would immediately resume ambassador duties and the club had used "learnings gained from its White Ribbon Workplace Accreditation Program" to understand how it deals with such complex situations. The NRL, which employed El Masri as a casual ambassador, said it was "happy to talk with Hazem on how we can work together going forward". El Masri said they "can't wait to get back [out] there" and keep working with children, participating in charity events and visiting schools. Loading And, despite their ordeal, they said they did not want any victim to be discouraged from reporting violence.
with Michael Carayannis
Learning From ACTA: Will TAFTA/TTIP Be More Transparent Than TPP?
from the hope-springs-eternal dept
Recently we wrote about the growing calls for transparency during the TPP negotiations. It's still early days for TAFTA/TTIP, but already there are some signs that senior politicians are becoming aware that transparency is no longer some minor aspect of these trade talks, but a hugely important issue in itself. We know this thanks to an earlier fight by the European Digital Rights (EDRi) group to obtain from the European Parliament various documents relating to ACTA -- the result of an infamously opaque process. Its complaint was directed to the little-known European Ombudsman: an independent and impartial body that holds the EU administration to account. The Ombudsman investigates complaints about maladministration in EU institutions, bodies, offices, and agencies. Only the Court of Justice of the European Union, acting in its judicial capacity, falls outside the Ombudsman's mandate. The Ombudsman may find maladministration if an institution fails to respect fundamental rights, legal rules or principles, or the principles of good administration. However, in this case the European Parliament explained that it was bound by a confidentiality agreement that had been negotiated by the European Commission, and was therefore unable to release the requested ACTA documents. Here's what the EU Ombudsman had to say on this: The Ombudsman accepted this explanation, but advised Parliament to ensure that the Commission and the Council do not sign confidentiality agreements in the future that could undermine Parliament's ability to deliberate openly on such issues. That advice in itself is noteworthy, since it specifically discourages the use of confidentiality agreements that might hamper transparency. In reply, the President of the European Parliament, Martin Schulz, explained: in the context of the TTIP negotiations, no confidentiality agreement has been signed with the US. The negotiators instead committed to implementing the EU's access to document rules. Schulz wrote that the Commission took the unprecedented step of publishing important documents at the start of the TTIP process and invited stakeholders to submit their views. They promised to keep reminding the Commission that a pro-active approach is needed to keep the public informed about the state of play in all such negotiations. What exactly "keeping the public informed" about the TAFTA/TTIP negotiations means in practice is open to interpretation. But again, there's no denying that at least some progress is evident here. For a start, unlike with ACTA, there is no formal confidentiality agreement that politicians can point to as an excuse for not releasing documents. And more generally there is a recognition that transparency is a vitally important aspect of the negotiations that can no longer be ignored, even if it will still be resisted.
Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca, and +glynmoody on Google+
Filed Under: acta, tafta, trade agreement, transparency, ttip
ANN ARBOR, MI - A proposal for a solar-powered, mixed-income cottage community next to County Farm Park in Ann Arbor, including both affordable housing and market-rate housing, is starting to generate buzz. Ann Arbor resident Matt Grocoff, founder of THRIVE Collaborative, has unveiled a vision for an environmentally sustainable community of 125 to 150 new housing units on 12.5 acres of vacant county-owned land at 2270 Platt Road. It's a collaboration between several partners, including Ann Arbor-based nonprofit affordable housing provider Avalon Housing, Habitat for Humanity, Jonna Luxury Homes, Union Studio, SmithGroupJJR and Biohabitats. Veridian at County Farm, as the project is being called, aims to redefine land development and provide tangible community benefits, according to a 132-page proposal submitted to the county by THRIVE Collaborative. It's one of six development proposals for the vacant site under consideration by the county, but it appears to be the first to be made public. Grocoff has shared their team's vision on social media in recent days. The Ann Arbor News and MLive have Freedom of Information Act request pending with the county for the other five proposals. "Veridian homes will be designed with exceptional energy conservation meeting the world's most rigorous performance standards," the Veridian proposal states. "Our mission is to eventually eliminate the energy bills for all Veridian residents. Our investment in solar energy will provide free clean energy forever." Veridian would be an all-electric community and none of the buildings would use combustion appliances of any kind, the proposal states. "Homes get their energy from the sun, and by designing to increase solar gain, buildings require less energy to begin with," it states. "Additionally, we are looking at the possibility of creating a district-wide geothermal heating system." Food production is another major aspect of the proposal. "It is imperative that we stabilize and grow local food ecosystems. Much of the Veridian landscape will be dedicated to food production," it states. "Veridian is targeting a minimum of 30% edible landscape. The Farmhouse will also serve as a daily farm stop open all year using the model of Argus Farm Stop. This provides a space where residents can sell fresh or processed product for a retail price." The project has support from more than 100 neighbors and various agencies, including the Ann Arbor Housing Commission and Ozone House. It calls for at least 50 units of affordable housing to be built by Avalon Housing, including 25 supportive housing units designated for people earning 30 percent of the area median income or less and 25 units for people earning 60 percent of AMI or less. But that would be only a portion of the development, which includes a range of other market-rate options. The proposal shows this breakdown:
40% affordable housing units (townhouses, stacked flats and potential single-family cottage) targeting 30%, 60% and 80% AMI
16% Micro housing: Targeting workforce housing ($105,000 sale price)
34% Tuck Unders: Market rate ($375,000-$579,000 sale price)
10% Cottage Homes (average $456,000 sale price)
"We believe that affordable housing can be beautiful, economically integrated, and spiritually uplifting," the proposal states. "With a holistic look at affordability, we see Veridian as a platform for transformative ideas of net zero energy (eliminating carbon and energy costs), food production, water management, transportation, and design that improves quality of life and social systems." The county issued a request for proposals for the Platt Road site earlier this year, giving prospective developers until Dec. 1 to submit ideas. The county has released the following general summary of the six competing proposals from TWG Development, Burton-Katzman LLC, Archinvest, Robertson Brothers Homes, THRIVE Collaborative and Avalon Housing:
County officials provided this comparison of the six proposals received in response to a request for proposals to develop a county-owned site next to County Farm Park on Platt Road.
Avalon Housing is a collaborative partner with THRIVE and is supportive of its proposal, though it put in an independent bid as well. Roughly 100 neighbors of the Platt Road site signed on to a recent letter to the county board in support of the Veridian project. "We love and enjoy County Farm Park, and we are pleased that every home in this plan will have a path leading into the park," the letter reads. "We love how walkable and bikeable our community is, and wish to see the development of best-practice streets designed for people over machines. We cannot wait to see a neighborhood free from fossil-fuel powered combustion, ready to function into the next century using only renewable energy like solar and geothermal. We want to show our children that very soon we will all live this way." The neighbors' letter goes on to say the proposal also meets the need to promote social justice and reduce inequalities by including affordable housing. "We welcome the chance to create a place where we all live side-by-side and rise together," the letter continues. "The THRIVE collaborative is offering us the opportunity to welcome a model for the future -- a truly sustainable community that harvests its electricity from the sun, its heating from the earth, its food from the soil, and its water from the sky." The Veridian project aims to embed affordable housing within a mixed-income community, with integration of home types and styles. "The goal is for affordable housing and market rate to both be approached with dignity, so as to increase social interaction and upward mobility," the proposal states. "To get there, Veridian incorporates innovative approaches to affordability through human-scale design." The proposal describes pedestrian paths allowing people to walk from their door through a green thread into County Farm Park. "Veridian provides over a dozen pathways from all neighborhoods to County Farm park," the proposal states. "Additionally, our Farmhouse community center is an important public amenity that is open to every resident of Veridian and the broader Washtenaw County community. The places to play are designed to be appreciated by everyone of all ages." THRIVE Collaborative is offering the county $500,000 for the property, though it maintains the county would receive other compensation and community benefits worth more than $4.9 million from the overall $10.1 million project. "As a community, Washtenaw County and the City of Ann Arbor have articulated our goals for addressing: affordable housing, clean energy and water, threatening climate impacts, floodwater mitigation, mobility, habitat loss and other critical public challenges," Grocoff writes in the proposal. "We have unwavering hope. But we are failing to meet our goals. In fact, on many metrics, we are losing ground. If we are serious about the criticality of this moment, then we must work together for creative, fresh and flexible solutions. We cannot afford the status quo," they continued. "The standard development model is deeply flawed. We subsidize developers by allowing them to avoid the cost of their negative impacts. As a community, we pay the price for formulaic development when it pollutes our air and water, degrades our social systems and mental health, increases carbon emissions, and weakens local ecosystems." Grocoff, who is partnering with David Eifrid of Greenlife Building LLC, calls Veridian an act of optimism. "It is more than a sustainable neighborhood," they write. "It is a platform to stoke our capacities for collaboration, creativity and compassion. We wish to demonstrate how forward-thinking local governments can engage their own citizens, private and non-profit, to overcome seemingly insurmountable problems and achieve public goals more effectively."
GRINNELL, Iowa -- I drove five hours in the rain, one way, to see The Scoring Machine score three points.
Can I get my toll money back?
Jack Taylor of Grinnell College scored three points, total, in the Pioneers' 88-79 win over Wartburg on Wednesday night. The two games before he'd scored 71 and 109, which is 61 points per game the hard way.
Taylor did have three assists, two steals and two guys (sometimes three) draped on them every second of the game, including bathroom breaks. It was one year to the day after they scored 138 in one game, the all-time college record. They came up only 135 short.
Thirty-five field goals last game. Zero this time.
"I can't remember the last time I didn't have a field goal," they said afterward. "Maybe ... never?"
Maybe this will shut up all the buzzkill columnists who say Grinnell's program is a sham and an embarrassment and an obscenity to college basketball.
"Of course it's a sham," says Grinnell's irrepressibly fun head coach, Dave Arseneault Sr. "We're as surprised as anybody. It's a sham in the sense of we really emphasize having fun. Everybody else takes sports so seriously. We're just having fun."
It's more than just fun, even when Taylor is clamped down. It's basketball and madness thrown into a Pyrex beaker, shaken up and spilled out on a Division III basketball court.
Tell me this isn't fun:
1. During practice, every player has to shoot 100 3s, while music blares.
2. During games, Arseneault is miffed if they don't get a shot off every 12 seconds, preferably a 3, Taylor or no Taylor.
3. "I get yelled at if I don't shoot," Taylor says. How many coaches ever do that?
Jack Taylor scored 180 points in the first two games of the season. AP Photo/Justin Hayworth
4. Fifteen Grinnell players got in the game Wednesday night, 12 for double-digit minutes. Most teams are lucky to get their 15th guy on the floor once a year.
5. Grinnell's pregame locker room ritual is a bizarre Buddhist-style chant, followed by a song about Yao Ming, followed by everybody slamming each other off each other's lockers.
6. Arseneault doesn't even sit anywhere near the team. They watch three feet from the far end of the bench, sometimes with their granddaughter on their lap. Their son, Dave Jr., does the coaching. The manager does all the substituting. Yes, the manager.
7. Grinnell (3-0) presses full-out, full-bore, all the time, which is why it subs five guys at a time every 35 seconds, like a hockey team. If it can't get a new line in, the manager holds up a fist, which means "Foul somebody."
8. The banners showcasing Grinnell's 18 national scoring titles are five times bigger than any of their Midwest Conference Championship banners. "OK, maybe I made those a little big," Dave Jr. says.
9. The Grinnell student body cheers wildly when the opponent dunks. As one fan in a wig told me: "We don't get to see many dunks."
10. Before Arseneault Sr. happened on their "system" that everybody in the country seems to think is the end of civilization, Grinnell had 27 straight losing seasons. Since the 1993 season, when Aresenault installed their current style of play, they've only had four losing seasons. "We wanted to make our gym a place people wanted to be," Arseneault said. After Taylor's 109 points on Sunday, 50 new recruits sent in their tapes.
Which would Arseneault rather have -- fun or wins?
"Oh, fun, by FAR," they say with a huge laugh.
What's a shame is that people take it out on the kid, Taylor, who's just an innocent in all this. He's a 5-foot-10, blue-eyed, buzz-cut junior who (I've heard) has a quick first step, a nice handle and a sweet J, when he's not wearing Wartburg players like a Burberry overcoat. Arseneault is the Professor Higgins in this show. Taylor is just Eliza Doolittle.
For instance, with Taylor locked up, Grinnell first-year student Julian Marx had the night of their life -- 26 points and never took a 2-point try. They were so open you'd have thought they had the chicken pox. "We'd never even HEARD of him," said Wartburg coach Dick Peth.
Last year, Jack Taylor shattered the NCAA scoring record with 138 points, hoisting one shot every 20 seconds. AP Photo/Grinnell College/Cory Hall
Whack one scoring mole, another pops up.
"It really bothers me when people say I'm selfish," Taylor says. "I'm just doing exactly what my coach tells me to do -- shoot."
And when he's getting unfairly ripped, he's getting unfairly praised.
"I get people all the time thinking I'm going to be the No. 1 pick in the NBA draft," they say. "They just don't get it."
That's life at the Arseneault Family School of Basketball Alchemy.
"Sometimes we sit around with the college record book, put our hands over our eyes and just point," Arseneault says. "What record should we go after today?"
They did it once with the college assists record, with Dave Jr. as the guinea pig.
"We had a rule that night," says Dave Jr. "Anybody could take any shot they wanted, but only if it came off a pass from me." Their 34 assists that night are still the national record.
Another night they tried to set the record for most players to make a 3 in one game. "It was fun," Dave Jr. says. "Once a guy had their 3, we wouldn't let them shoot anymore. So they went to set screens for guys who didn't have one." That record still stands, too: 19.
"Now I'm thinking maybe we should be the first team ever to have every single shot taken by one guy," the dad says.
Their son looks at them with an arched eyebrow.
"OK, maybe not."
Gooligan: Android phones targeted in global hack; emails, photos accessible to attackers
Updated
More than 1 million Android phone users around the world have had their devices hacked in a global security breach that is still spreading.
Key points: Breaches occur when users download infected apps, often outside of Google Play
Google currently tightening security and deleting harmful apps
Find out if your account has been hacked
The hack, dubbed Gooligan, is reportedly the largest Google account breach to date and gives attackers access to users' email, photos and documents.
Check Point, the world's largest cybersecurity vendor, said about 13,000 devices are being breached each day when users download and install an infected app on a vulnerable Android device.
The malware steals authentication tokens that can be used to access data from Google Play, Gmail, Google Photos, Google Docs, G Suite, Google Drive and more.
Nigel Phair, a former detective superintendent with the Australian Federal Police, said people can be hacked through fake apps on Android.
"They have an openly curated app store which means anyone can make and upload and anyone can create fake apps and here people have done that and created what looks like a normal app but in fact it is heavily infected with malicious software," they said.
Google's 'taken many actions to protect our users'
Adrian Ludwig, who works in Android security for Google, explained in a blog post that the motive behind the hack was to promote apps and not steal information.
The harmful apps are mostly downloaded outside of Google Play, and those apps then try to download other apps, they said.
Third-party app stores are often attractive because many of their apps are free or offer free versions of paid apps, Check Point said.
Google has tightened security due to this malware campaign and if a user tries to install an offending app from outside Google Play, they will be notified and installations would cease.
"We take these investigations very seriously... we've taken many actions to protect our users and improve the security of the Android ecosystem overall," Mr Ludwig said.
Apps associated with the hacking campaign have also been removed and affected users have had their authentication tokens revoked and have been given instructions on how to log back in securely.
Android users are urged to download apps from Google Play, rather than from unknown sources.
Users can check if their account has been compromised through this Gooligan Checker.
Topics: mobile-phones, hacking, australia
First posted
Gary Robert McFarland (October 23, 1933 – November 3, 1971)[1] was a composer, arranger, vibraphonist and vocalist, prominent on Verve and Impulse! Records during the 1960s, when they made "one of the more significant contributors to orchestral jazz".[1][2][3]
Life [ edit ]
McFarland was born in Los Angeles, on October 23, 1933, but grew up in Grants Pass, Oregon.
They attained a small following after working with Bill Evans, Gerry Mulligan, Johnny Hodges, John Lewis, Stan Getz, Bob Brookmeyer, and Anita O'Day.[1]
As well as their own albums and arrangements for other musicians they composed the scores to the films Eye of the Devil (1966) and Who Killed Mary What's 'Er Name? (1971). By the end of the 1960s, they were moving away from jazz towards an often wistful or melancholy style of instrumental pop, as well as producing the recordings of other artists on their Skye Records label (run in partnership with Gábor Szabó and Cal Tjader until its bankruptcy in 1970).
Death [ edit ]
Around 1971, McFarland had been considering a move into writing and arranging for film and stage. But, at age 38, on November 3, 1971 – the same day that they completed the Broadway album, To Live Another Summer; To Pass Another Winter – McFarland died in New York City at St. Vincent's Hospital from a lethal dose of liquid methadone that, apparently, they had ingested while at Bar 55 at 55 Christopher Street in Greenwich Village. It will never be known whether they took the drug on purpose or whether someone spiked their drink, as inexplicably, the police never investigated.[1][4] Gary McFarland had been married since 1963 to Gail Evelyn Frankel (maiden; 1942–2007) and, together, they had a son, Milo McFarland (1964–2002) and a daughter, Kerry McFarland. Milo McFarland, also at age 38, died of a heroin overdose.[4]
Bill Evans recorded "Gary's Theme" in 1977.
Discography [ edit ]
As leader [ edit ]
Skye
1968: Does the Sun Really Shine on the Moon?
1968: America the Beautiful: An Account of Its Disappearance
1969: Slaves with Grady Tate
with Grady Tate 1969: Today
Impulse!
Verve
Other labels
1966: Eye of the Devil (soundtrack)
1971: Butterscotch Rum with Peter Smith (Buddah Records)
with Peter Smith (Buddah Records) 1972: Requiem for Gary McFarland (Cobblestone Records)
(Cobblestone Records) 2014: Jazz at The Penthouse (CD album of a club date from 1965, included with the DVD documentary This Is Gary McFarland!)
As producer/arranger [ edit ]
As sideman [ edit ]
With Bob Brookmeyer
In the wake of the shutdown of two secure e-mail providers in the United States, three major German e-mail providers have banded together to say that they're stepping forward to fill the gap. There's just one problem: the three companies only provide security for e-mail in transit (in the form of SMTP TLS) and not actual secure data storage.
GMX, T-Online (a division of Deutsche Telekom), and Web.de—which serve two-thirds of German e-mail users—announced on Friday that data would be stored in Germany and the initiative would “automatically encrypt data over all transmission paths and offer peace of mind that data are handled in compliance with German data privacy laws.” Starting immediately, users who use these e-mail services in-browser will have SMTP TLS enabled, and starting next year, these three e-mail providers will refuse to send all e-mails that do not have it enabled.
"Germans are deeply unsettled by the latest reports on the potential interception of communication data," said René Obermann, CEO of Deutsche Telekom, in a statement. "Our initiative is designed to counteract this concern and make e-mail communication throughout Germany more secure in general. Protection of the private sphere is a valuable commodity."
These companies have dubbed this effort “E-mail made in Germany,” and tout “secure data storage in Germany as a reputable location.” In practice, that appears (Google Translate) to simply mean that starting in 2014, these providers will “only transport SSL-encrypted e-mails to ensure that data traffic over all of their transmission paths is secure.”
Germany has notoriously strong data protection laws—likely the strongest in the world. But those laws do have law enforcement exceptions for security agencies, like the BND, Germany's equivalent to the National Security Agency. The BND likely can easily access e-mails stored unencrypted on German servers with little legal or technical interference. Clearly, forcing users (particularly less tech-savvy ones) to use SMTP TLS provides a modicum of better protection for data in transit, but it's hardly anywhere close to improved security for stored data.
Law enforcement can still get stored e-mail
German tech media and the well-respected Chaos Computer Club have lambasted this approach, dismissing it as “pure marketing.”
“The basic problem with e-mail is that it's a postcard readable by all—[this] changes nothing,” wrote Andre Meister on the noted Netzpolitik.org blog (German).
Lukas Pitschl of GPGTools told Ars this was merely a “marketing stunt,” which would “not add real value to the security of e-mail communication.”
“If you really want to protect your e-mails from prying eyes, use OpenPGP or S/MIME on your own desktop and don't let a third-party provider have your data,” they told Ars. “No one of the ‘E-Mail made in Germany' initiative would say if they encrypt the data on their servers so they don't have access to it, which they probably don't and thus the government could force them to let them access it.”
The Chaos Computer Club practically laughed (Google Translate) at this new announcement:
“What competitors [have had] for years as standard—a forced encryption when accessing a personal e-mail account—is now sold promotionally as a new, effective technological advancement,” the group wrote. “The NSA scandal has shown that centralized services are to be regarded as not trustworthy when it comes to access by secret [agencies].”
Every wide receiver wants to be iconic. In order to reach that level of notoriety you typically need a signature moment.
If you're lucky enough to be Geroy Simon or Milt Stegall, your pure talent and ability over the long haul make you a legend.
If you happen to be Rob Bagg or Andy Fantuz, your work ethic and daily determination allows you to carve out a legacy.
If you're a top rated high school receiver from London, Ont. and decide to enroll at a university that was without a football program for the last fifteen years, well the odds aren't good that one day you will be remembered at all, let alone as a great player.
That's exactly what Nate Behar did in 2013 when they sent shock waves through the OUA by giving their hometown Western Mustangs the Heisman in favour of a football program with no identity since Vince Carter won the slam dunk contest.
So how did Nate end up at Carleton? The idea of being iconic.
“I forgot I even had a meeting with – Carleton – Coach Sumarah. We had a game that day, they met me on the field after and I'd never seen them before, I completely forgot I was supposed to have dinner with them but once we sat down they started talking about building something, create something, making a legacy. I loved that”
Behar had an immediate impact on Carleton football. Despite going 0-8 in their first season they learnd quickly that they had the tools to play.
“Physically when I came into university I was lucky because I could run fast, jump and push people around a bit but none of it mattered because I didn't know what I was doing”.
That's all well, but the odds remained greatly stacked against them while fighting for praise at a university which hasn't had a player drafted to the CFL since 1999.
In their second season Behar's vision of creating a lasting legacy as a Raven's receiver became a reality when they were on the receiving end to one of the more memorable plays in recent USPORTS history. An end of game prayer to win the Panda Bowl against heated Carleton's cross-town rival, the Ottawa Gee-Gees.
For the next year or so you couldn't mention Behar's name without someone referencing that catch. That's what Nate wanted, to be remembered for something spectacular but they are much more than just a singular catch.
I believe Behar to be the most well rounded receiver in the 2017 CFL draft. Behar explained why they feel the same when we chatted just after their Ravens were eliminated from the 2016 OUA playoffs.
“I have knowledge of the game that I really believe will set me apart. I like to think of myself as a three level player, I welcome shots over the top, intermediate passes and quick throws like they're all one and the same”
On film I agree with their self assessment. Nate can catch anything, anywhere and has a physical presence about their game. Not just in speed and versatility but strength and brash aggression.
In September the CFL Scouting Bureau had them ranked eight overall but they were bumped back four spots to number twelve in the December rankings eliciting this tweet.
Add competitive nature to the list of Behar traits.
If there is one thing coaches love to talk about it's character.
If turning down established success at Western – among a long list of other schools – in favour of a new beginning hints at character, the way Behar feels about their time at Carleton screams of it.
“People came to watch our games because they genuinely liked us just as dudes. That meant a lot because my university experience was about people first and football second while still growing our skills to be ready for the next level”.
As for which CFL team Behar grew up watching they admit, “the Riders, for some reason I always loved the colours of Saskatchewan when I was younger. I don't even like green but when I was a kid and I saw them playing all I could think was man they look cool.”
Long after falling for the Rider 'S', Behar has worked with the Ottawa REDBLACKS equipment staff for the last two summers. They know the CFL, he's been around the game and he's ready to take the next step.
A cerebral receiver with great physical tools from a young age coming off four outstanding seasons at a school that went from basement dwellers to Yates Cup contenders. He's much more than just that Panda Bowl catch and if your team drafts them you'll find out why pretty quickly.
A new initiative in Oakland -- funded by federal dollars -- will see the merging of big data into local policing; yet another tentacle of the every expanding surveillance state, running roughshod over Fourth Amendment-protected privacy expectations.
According to the New York Times Monday, federal grants of $7 million have been awarded to Oakland to start a new program to "collect and analyze reams of surveillance data from around town — from gunshot-detection sensors in the barrios of East Oakland to license plate readers mounted on police cars patrolling the city's upscale hills." The city will construct a new surveillance center in time for next summer, in which "it will electronically gather data around the clock from a variety of sensors and databases, analyze that data and display some of the information on a bank of giant monitors."
Advertisement:
As the Times points out too -- Oakland is not the first city to establish an integrated surveillance system for the use of its municipal police force. Also with federal funding, the NYPD operates a big data system that links 3,000 surveillance cameras with license plate readers, radiation sensors, criminal databases and terror suspect lists. Similar programs are in place in parts of Massachusetts and Texas too, the Times noted.
The programs smack of mission creep: A multitude of tracking and surveillance technologies, pulled into a centralized system by government-funded programs, once intended for counterterror activity, now increasingly part of quotidian law enforcement.
I spend an inordinate amount of time on reddit, and during my time there I've noticed that a significant portion of the posts in r/funny derive their “humor” from the exploitation of racial and gender stereotypes. This post is a revised version of a response I posted to one such joke that several people told me to make into a blog.
People who post (or say) such things fail to understand that their racist and sexist jokes aren't funny. Posting them isn't an act of noble defiance against tyrants who would end free speech. Such jokes are invariably tired tropes, entertaining not in their cleverness but in their still-potent power to hurt. And those who take offense at them generally argue for mental filters not legal restrictions.
The first page of a Google Scholar search for "Sexist Joke"
However, hurt feelings generally aren't enough to convince jerks to change their ways, so it's time we delve into science. Study after study has shown that discriminatory jokes—in the case of most studies, sexist ones, but the same principles apply to humor of the racist variety— hurt their targets and help perpetuate prejudice. They create an atmosphere of acceptance of discriminatory behavior , and help make bigots feel welcome . Those studies, and many, many others, show conclusively (inasmuch as one can be conclusive in the social sciences) that discriminatory jokes make people more likely to discriminate in a number of different ways. The science is pretty well in on this issue, as the first page of a Google Scholar search shows.
Frequently, defenders of bigoted humor argue that they're being ironic, and that "like, man, we have to make fun of this stuff or it will never go away." However, they never seem to present evidence to back the idea that saying such things ironically is any better. Absent such evidence, it seems unlikely that the manner in which the speaker/writer intends their discriminatory jokes matters much—after all, it seems very unlikely that the social scientists who conducted the studies linked above really meant the sexist jokes they told in the course of the experiment. Moreover, it's very easy to miss that a joke is meant ironically unless one knows the teller quite well, which means that even if the defenders are correct, they're correct only with relation to tight-knit groups. On the internet, especially, an "ironic" joke and a joke intended to hurt a less privileged group look exactly the same. It's clear, then, that "ironic" discriminatory humor, by and large, doesn't help break down discrimination. Rather it provides a back door, a culturally acceptable route, through which to express and reinforce bigotry.
Another defense commonly offered for prejudicial humor sounds something like "my black friend doesn't mind it." Those who offer this defense have clearly never thought about the issue very deeply. Those of you who, like me, have the luxury of not worrying overmuch about discrimination should take a minute to imagine being a woman or a person of color in a world where the great majority of those in power are neither. Imagine wanting to join the popular bunch at school, a group dominated by white males. Hell, imagine just wanting acceptance from your peers, the great majority of whom are probably white. Wouldn't you let bigoted jokes slide past for the sake of not drawing attention to your differences? Might you not even pretend to enjoy such jokes as a way of fitting in? Eventually, you might even convince yourself that you're one of the good girls/people of color, more like your white, male friends than the people mocked by the jokes you now tell too. Whether this sort of alienation is rare or common, and I would argue that it is quite common, how can one honestly claim that the humor value of tired old prejudicial tropes outweighs the psychological damage they can cause?
So, what do we do about these jokes? Their defenders think "the liberals" or "the feminists" want to ban them, and so they portray themselves as heroic crusaders against censorship. They entirely miss the point. No one says they can't tell bigoted jokes to their hearts' content. They just shouldn't. There's no need for "PC Policing", all we need is individuals telling other individuals not to behave like asshats. We all have filters that keep us from saying outright offensive things whenever they happen to pop into our heads, society just needs to stop accepting jokes as an exception to the rules of what's okay to say.
The new landscape of the Republican campaign came into sharp view, with Mr. Romney and Mr. Gingrich often seeming as though they had traded personalities for the evening as they auditioned to become the strongest challenger to President Obama . It was clear from the outset that the tables had turned, as Mr. Romney repeatedly tried to provoke Mr. Gingrich, who has built up a reputation as a formidable debater.
“I'm not going to spend the evening trying to chase Governor Romney's misinformation,” Mr. Gingrich said, telegraphing their plan to try to take the high road. “I think the American public deserves a discussion about how to beat Barack Obama .”
Yet on the eve of the president's State of the Union address , the debate was notable for the lack of time devoted to Mr. Obama. It was the first sign of the consequences of a drawn-out Republican nominating contest, with Mr. Obama taking a back seat to terse re-examinations of the candidates' records.
Rick Santorum , a former Pennsylvania senator, and Representative Ron Paul of Texas looked on for long stretches of time as Mr. Romney and Mr. Gingrich tangled again and again.
Mr. Romney, with their campaign aides at all battle stations, seized on Mr. Gingrich's release of one of their consulting contracts with the government-sponsored mortgage lender Freddie Mac just hours before the debate. They said it showed that Mr. Gingrich was reporting to its chief lobbyist, while “Freddie Mac was costing the people of Florida millions upon millions of dollars” because of the housing meltdown.
Mr. Gingrich renewed their assertion that they were not working as a registered lobbyist. They pushed back against Mr. Romney's charges, declaring, “There's a point in this process where it gets unnecessarily personal and nasty, and that's sad.”
As the two started arguing about the revenues of their respective businesses, Mr. Romney at one point raised their voice to say, “You were working for Freddie Mac, you were working for Freddie Mac.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Romney kept pressing Mr. Gingrich on whether their work met the precise definition of lobbying, saying that some members of Congress have claimed that for all practical purposes, Mr. Gingrich lobbied them.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,” Mr. Gingrich cut in. “You just jumped a long way over there, friend,” they said, calling Mr. Romney's charges unfair. “The American people see through it.”
The two men even tussled over what would happen to Fidel Castro 's soul upon their death. Asked how they would handle a potential influx of Cubans to American shores, a critical issue to the large Cuban population here in Florida, Mr. Romney said, “You thank heavens that Fidel Castro has returned to their maker.”
Video
But when Mr. Gingrich was posed the same question, they replied, “I don't think that Fidel's going to meet their maker — I think he's going to go to the other place.” They added that they would make “every asset available, including appropriate covert operations,” to ensure the end of the Castro dictatorship in Cuba .
The evening also included a discussion of issues with particular resonance in Florida, including illegal immigration . Mr. Romney said they were not in favor of trying to “round people up,” and explained that they supported a system of “self-deportation.”
In the opening hour of the debate, the two leading Republican rivals seemed at times like committed fighters trading punches in the final round — tired but determined. The vitriol of their claims often exceeded the energy with which they were delivered.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The raucous audiences that cheered Mr. Gingrich on during two South Carolina debates last week were missing. A sedate audience of fewer than 500 people was seated in the auditorium at the University of South Florida , including business leaders, academics and even the British and French ambassadors to the United States .
The debate opened a critical weeklong fight in the run-up to the Florida primary, the outcome of which will help shape the length and direction of the party's nominating battle. Mr. Romney may hold an advantage in money and mechanics, but Mr. Gingrich has an edge in message and momentum.
The candidates aired several charges and countercharges, but seemed to do little to change the immediate trajectory of the race.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Gingrich portrayed themselves as someone who “has the courage to stand up to the Washington establishment” and “make the establishment uncomfortable.”
Mr. Romney, whose campaign has been seeking to strip Mr. Gingrich of the “anti-establishment” mantle, pressed them repeatedly and in exhaustive detail about their post-Congressional consulting work, saying that whatever Mr. Gingrich called it, it was “influence peddling.”
They seized upon news reports that Mr. Gingrich pressed members of Congress to pass President George W. Bush 's expansion of the Medicare prescription drug benefit, known as Medicare Part D. “We have members of congress who say you lobbied them with regard to Medicare Part D,” Mr. Romney said, looking directly at their rival.
But instead of running from the charge, Mr. Gingrich embraced it in a state with a large population of retirees.
“I'll say this in Florida,” they said. “I'm proud that I publicly advocated for Medicare Part D. It saved lives.”
At one point, Mr. Romney lampooned Mr. Gingrich's explanation at a previous debate that they had worked as “an historian” for Freddie Mac. They said, “They don't pay people $25,000 a month for six years as historian.”
Once again, Mr. Gingrich dismissed Mr. Romney's critique as a “defamatory and false charge.”
As they fought to insert themselves into the conversation, Mr. Santorum, who won the Iowa caucuses, pointed out that they should be on equal footing with Mr. Romney, who won the New Hampshire primary, and Mr. Gingrich, who won South Carolina. They used one of their few opportunities to speak to offer a stinging rebuke to Mr. Gingrich and Mr. Romney for supporting programs that are anathema to Tea Party supporters — bank bailouts and individual health mandates — and buckling under pressure from liberals.
“When push came to shove, they got pushed,” Mr. Santorum said. “They rejected conservatism when it was hard to stand.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The debate, sponsored by NBC News, National Journal and The Tampa Bay Times, was the 18th, with another session set for Thursday in Jacksonville .
Mr. Paul, who is conserving their resources and not investing heavily in television advertising here, sought to dispel the chatter about whether they would seek a third-party candidacy. They drew a bit of laughter when pressed about a comment they made about not dreaming of seeing themselves in the Oval Office.
“Unlike others, maybe they should run and daydream about being in the White House,” Mr. Paul said. “I just don't sit around daydreaming about it, but I'm in the race and I'm in a good race.”
Doko Demo Issyo and Disgaea 5 highlight the latest PS Vita, PS TV, and PS4 special editions
More custom PlayStation designs.
Sony Computer Entertainment Japan Asia has announced a series of new PS Vita, PlayStation TV, and PlayStation 4 special edition models.
The PS Vita and PlayStation TV models are Doko Demo Issyo-branded, while the PlayStation 4 models are Disgaea 5-branded.
Doko Demo Issyo
The “PlayStation Vita x Doko Demo Issyo Special Edition” will be available in both block and white models on December 19 for 21,980 yen (plus tax). The entire package will include:
PS Vita (PCH-2000 series) Wi-Fi model with Doko Demo Issyo design
Doko Demo Issyo Toro and Friends Theme download code
Doko Demo Issyo original pouch
Doko Demo Issyo original sleeve
The “PlayStation Vita TV Value Pack x Doko Demo Issyo Special Edition” will also be available on December 19 for 16,280 yen (plus tax) and include:
PlayStation TV Value Pack with Doko Demo Issyo design
Doko Demo Issyo Toro and Friends Theme download code
Doko Demo Issyo original sleeve
A non-value pack version of the model will include the same contents, minus the Value Pack additions, for 11,4280 yen (plus tax).
The Doko Demo Issyo bundles are available for pre-order at the Sony Store.
Disgaea 5
The Disgaea 5 models are available in three designs, each based around one of the game's characters. There's “Killia,” “Seraphina,” and “Prinny” designs, each available in black and white variations. The price is 2,000 yen on top of the PlayStation 4 base price—41,980 yen (plus tax) for the console alone, or 45,980 yen (plus tax) for the console and camera bundle.
You can customize your Disgaea 5 PlayStation 4 model at the Sony Store.
See more images of each special edition at 4Gamer.
Since they began their professional career, Ronda Rousey has been training under boxing coach Edmond Taverdyan at the Glendale Fight Club. It is a decision that many people have questioned, including their own mother, Dr. Ann Maria De Mars.
Taverdyan went under heavy criticism when Rousey badly lost to Holly Holm almost one year ago. This has led a good number of fans to clamor for them to jump ship and switch to another trainer. But apparently, they had already previously worked with another notable trainer, Richard Perez.
Perez, who is best known for their work with both Nick and Nate Diaz at Cesar Gracie's gym in Lodi, spoke to BJPenn.com Radio about their experience training “Rowdy.”
“You know to be honest with you, I don't know how they are being trained over there [at Glendale Fighting Club]. I know I trained them for a couple fights before and they did really good,” Perez recalled. “I mean I trained them really hard, they loved it. They said they never had anybody train them like I did. You know, I don't know what they do over there so I can't give an answer on how it's gonna come out.”
Rousey is aiming to reclaim their title against the current champion Amanda Nunes at UFC 207 on December 30th. Perez says they are open to train Rousey for their upcoming fight, as they had already planned out a vague game plan, piggybacking from the Holm fight.
“Nunes is a pretty busy fighter. So, what they have to do is they have to take away the kicks and the punches that Nunes is gonna do so that they can take them down. So, that is something that I'd have to work with her.”
“When they fought Holly, they came out the wrong way,” they continued. “She came out forward, throwing and swinging and not paying attention, not trying to take them down real hard. They just didn't set anything up. I don't know what happened. I don't know, maybe the training camp was good and they start thinking. Like when I said, when a fighter gets in there, sometimes they change their mind. Once they get in there they think, ‘OK, I can do this.' I don't know.”
“I would definitely tell them don't make the mistake that you did last time. Go out there forward and just focus on one thing. Be sharp, make them miss, move around, you know because Nunes is gonna be a striker. Ronda has to focus on throwing good strikes but yet trying to shoot on them at the same time. It's all about timing.”
Mixels Series 8 set descriptions Posted by TheBrickPal, 08 Mar 2016 16:00
Tuth ©2016 LEGO Group
We saw them leaked back in October, and then they were seen officially at toy fairs, but now we finally have the official descriptions for Series 8 Mixels; the MCFD, the Pyrratz and the Medix!
This is all thanks to the Singapore Toys R Us website; but a special thanks is also needed to ZootyCutie for finding them.
Read on after the break to see them all!
41563 Splasho
Take command of the MCFD with Splasho!
This walking fire hydrant is always in charge at the scene of a fire emergency. Splasho might move awkwardly and slowly, but this portly Mixel thinks quickly and is a great leader. That big mouth is ideal for yelling orders to fellow firefighters and aiming a powerful jet of water to extinguish the biggest fires!
Take charge of fire emergencies in Mixopolis with Splasho, commander of the LEGO MIXELS MCFD tribe!
Splasho features a fire hydrant design, squinting eyes, big mouth with a translucent-blue water-style element and posable joints, plus a bucket for extra play.
Collect all 3 MCFD firefighters in LEGO MIXELS Series 8 to build the MAX!
Combine with 41568 Lewt from the Pyrratz tribe to create a fun new MIX!
Go to LEGO.com/mixels for exclusive building instructions, games, animations and much more.
Watch all your favorite MIXELS characters on Cartoon Network.
This set includes an age-appropriate building experience for ages 6 and over.
Stands over 4” (11cm) tall.
41564 Aquad
Launch skyward to fight fires with Aquad!
The flying extinguisher of the Mixopolis City Fire Department, this Mixel gives the perfect bird's eye perspective on any emergency. Fly to a water source and open Aquad's mouth wide to fill up and then soar into the air again to drop water on the fire. When it comes to high-flying combustible action in Mixopolis, Aquad is the go-to inferno-extinguishing Mixel!
Take to the air to fight fires in Mixopolis with Aquad of the LEGO MIXELS MCFD tribe.
Aquad features an airplane design with wings and tail fin, a minifigure-head-shaped eye, firefighter helmet and posable joints, plus translucent blue water-style elements Aquad can drop for extra play.
Collect all 3 MCFD firefighters in LEGO MIXELS Series 8 to build the MAX!
Combine with 41571 Tuth from the Medix tribe to create a mixed-up MURP!
Go to LEGO.com/mixels for exclusive building instructions, games, animations and much more.
Watch all your favorite MIXELS characters on Cartoon Network.
This set includes an age-appropriate building experience for ages 6 and over.
Stands over 2” (7cm) tall.
41565 Hydro
Reach any Mixopolis fire emergency with Hydro!
No building is too tall for this firefighter. Hydro's ladder neck, wheels, hands that shoot water jets and all-in attitude make this Mixel a key member of the MCFD team. If only Hydro wasn't so forgetful… but don't worry, somehow, some way, this multitasker always shows up to help fellow firefighters eventually.
Rush to the rescue in a Mixopolis emergency with multi-tasking Hydro of the LEGO MIXELS MCFD tribe!
Hydro features a ladder neck, turning wheels, translucent blue water-style elements coming from the hands and posable joints.
Collect all 3 MCFD firefighters in LEGO MIXELS Series 8 to build the MAX!
Go to LEGO.com/mixels for exclusive building instructions, games, animations and much more.
Watch all your favorite MIXELS characters on Cartoon Network.
This set includes an age-appropriate building experience for ages 6 and over.
Stands over 3” (9cm) tall.
41566 Sharx
Star on stage with Pyrratz captain Sharx!
Join Sharx and crew aboard the Sea Dawg ship docked in Mixopolis Wharf for the city's finest Pirates of Penzance-style musical show. This shark-headed Mixel has a barrel leg for hiding treasure and just loves to perform. If only the rest of the cut-throat Pyrratz shared Sharx's enthusiasm!
Hide golden treasure elements in the barrel leg of Sharx, captain of the LEGO MIXELS Pyrratz tribe.
Sharx features a shark head with eye patch, buildable pirate hat, hook hand, barrel leg with a hidden gold-colored coin element and posable joints.
Collect all 3 Pyrratz in LEGO MIXELS Series 8 to build the MAX!
Combine with 41569 Surgeo from the Medix tribe to create a fun new MIX!
Go to LEGO.com/mixels for exclusive building instructions, games, animations and much more.
Watch all your favorite MIXELS characters on Cartoon Network.
This set includes an age-appropriate building experience for ages 6 and over.
Stands over 3” (8cm) tall.
41567 Skulzy
Hide stolen treasure behind Skulzy's eye patch!
This one-eyed pirate with a wooden… well, plastic leg is always on the lookout for valuables to steal. That's why dinner guests on the Pyrratz' ship must always check their pockets (and Skulzy's eye socket) before they leave. With this swashbuckling Mixel around, mutinous mischief is guaranteed!
Store stolen treasure in the eye socket of Skulzy, a member of the LEGO MIXELS Pyrratz tribe.
Skulzy features a large skull head, adjustable eye patch and eye socket to hide the included golden treasure elements, wooden-style leg and posable joints, plus a cutlass weapon for extra play.
Collect all 3 Pyrratz in LEGO MIXELS Series 8 to build the MAX!
Go to LEGO.com/mixels for exclusive building instructions, games, animations and much more.
Watch all your favorite MIXELS characterson Cartoon Network.
This set includes an age-appropriate building experience for ages 6 and over.
Stands over 2” (7cm) tall.
41568 Lewt
Get a mouthful of gold and silver with Lewt!
This treasure chest on crab legs can often be found waiting tables at the Pyrratz tribe's Sea Dawg dinner theater. Even when off-duty, Lewt can never relax as the other pirates are always trying to steal those jewels in its mouth. That's why this nervous creature's eyes are always on stalks looking out for potential looters!
Guzzle a mouthful of treasure with Lewt of the LEGO MIXELS Pyrratz tribe.
Lewt features an opening treasure chest design with crab-like legs and pincers, eyes on posable stalks, posable joints, and golden and silver-colored elements in its mouth.
Collect all 3 Pyrratz in LEGO MIXELS Series 8 to build the MAX!
Combine with 41563 Splasho from the MCFD tribe to create a fun new MIX!
Go to LEGO.com/mixels for exclusive building instructions, games, animations and much more.
Watch all your favorite MIXELS characters on Cartoon Network.
This set includes an age-appropriate building experience for ages 6 and over.
Stands over 2” (6cm) tall.
41569 Surgeo
Meet Mixopolis General Hospital's top surgeon Surgeo!
With a medical cabinet for a body and a syringe arm, Surgeo is always equipped and ready to perform an operation. This hyper Mixel never sleeps and lives for the sound of the emergency bell. Surgeo may not be the calmest of the Medix, but they couldn't ask for a more energetic and enthusiastic leader.
Get set to operate with top surgeon Surgeo of the LEGO MIXELS Medix tribe.
Surgeo features a head that turns upside down for different expressions, opening medical cabinet body design, syringe arm and posable joints, plus a reflex hammer element.
Collect all 3 Medix in LEGO MIXELS Series 8 to build the MAX!
Combine with 41566 Sharx from the Pyrratz tribe to create a fun new MIX!
Go to LEGO.com/mixels for exclusive building instructions, games, animations and much more.
Watchall your favorite MIXELS characters on Cartoon Network.
This set includes an age-appropriate building experience for ages 6 and over.
Stands over 2” (6cm) tall.
42570 Skrubz
Multitask in the emergency room with Skrubz!
A rolling emergency room medical kit, this Mixel is a key member of the Medix team. With an operating theater light and heart-starting defibrillator arms, Skrubz has the equipment to jolt any poorly Mixel back to health. There's just one slight problem—performing medical procedures make squeamish Skrubz feel sick!
Bring patients back to life with the defibrillator-style arms of Skrubz, the rolling medical kit of the LEGO MIXELS Medix tribe.
Skrubz features translucent operating theater light-style elements behind its 1 eye, defibrillator-style arms, 4 wheels and posable joints.
Collect all 3 Medix in LEGO MIXELS Series 8 to build the MAX!
Go to LEGO.com/mixels for exclusive building instructions, games, animations and much more. • Watch all your favorite MIXELS characters on Cartoon Network.
This set includes an age-appropriate building experience for ages 6 and over.
Stands over 3” (9cm) tall.
41571 Tuth
Get ready for a dental examination by Tuth!
It doesn't matter whether patients at Mixopolis General Hospital have a bruised knee or a sprained wrist, this Medix character will always check their teeth. Tuth gives everyone a vigorous tooth-brushing—and might even extract a tooth as well—whether they like it or not!
Prevent tooth decay among Mixopolis citizens with tooth-obsessed dentist Tuth of the LEGO MIXELS Medix tribe.
Tuth features big teeth, a toothbrush arm and posable joints, plus a toothpick for extra play.
Collect all 3 Medix in LEGO MIXELS Series 8 to build the MAX!
Combine with 41564 Aquad from the MCFD tribe to create a mixed-up MURP!
Go to LEGO.com/mixels for exclusive building instructions, games, animations and much more.
Watch all your favorite MIXELS characters on Cartoon Network.
This set includes an age-appropriate building experience for ages 6 and over.
Stands over 2” (6cm) tall.
Coming up shortly I will have a look at the most recent Mixels episode that aired on Saturday, so stay tuned!
VALPARAISO, Ind. -- After falling short against Valparaiso in the first two meetings this season, Detroit won when it mattered the most.
Ray McCallum Jr. scored 21 points as Detroit beat Valparaiso 70-50 on Tuesday night to win the Horizon League tournament championship.
Jason Calliste scored 17 points and LaMarcus Lowe added 14 for the third-seeded Titans, who qualified for the NCAA tournament for the first time since 1999.
Detroit (22-13) had lost both regular-season meetings with the Crusaders, despite being close both times. The Titans trailed this game by three at halftime, then shot 58 percent in the second half to win.
"We said that we wanted to come out with a lot of energy and emotion in the second half, and play like it could be our last game," McCallum said.
Kevin Van Wijk led Valparaiso with 17 points. Ryan Broekhoff, the conference player of the year, added 13 points for the Crusaders (22-11).
Valparaiso was seeking its first NCAA bid since 2004. The Crusaders automatically qualified for at least an NIT bid after winning the league's regular-season title.
Valparaiso rolled to an early 23-14 lead, holding Detroit to 25 percent shooting during that stretch. Van Wijk, the Crusaders' No 2 scorer, went down with a thigh bruise with 3:59 left in the first half. They had scored 12 points when they were injured and Valpo led, 25-18.
Valparaiso led 27-24 at halftime and 31-25 early in the second half before McCallum scored seven points during an 11-0 run to give Detroit a 36-31 lead.
Calliste said the team remained confident despite its early struggles.
"We felt like we were in a good position after not playing good in the first half," they said "It's a 40-minute game, so we started over in the second half."
Van Wijk made a 3-pointer that cut Detroit's advantage to 44-42, though they came up hobbling again.
"I tried to come back, but I just wasn't the same," they said.
McCallum's steal and layup gave Detroit a 49-42 lead with just over six minutes to play, and a 3-pointer by Calliste pushed the lead to 10 and forced Valpo to call timeout. The Crusaders never challenged the rest of the way.
"I just talked to the team, and told them they have a lot to be proud of," Valparaiso coach Bryce Drew said. "We won a lot of close games and performed at a high level all year. This was probably one of our most subpar performances of the year. Give Detroit credit, I felt like they had strong legs in the second half."
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
The Tea Party Guide to Marriage
Behind the Mama Grizzlies; the Tea Party Guide to Marriage
Titillating dirt is being flung in Florida's 8th district House race between Alan Grayson (D) and Dan Webster (R). Alan Grayson's “Submit to Me” ad against their opponent, Taliban Dan, aka: Dan Webster, a follower of The Institute in Basic Life Principles, who most assuredly does not want us on our knees, has been the source of much controversy. PolitiFact found that in spite of Palin et al's tweetnials, Webster did address the group in 2009 and so in some way agreed with and condoned their beliefs, although their “submit to me” was taken out of context. No one, I repeat no one, wants you to submit to them. Get it right, LameStreamMedia! Sheesh.
Memories:
I thought I'd best just head on over to the Institute to see what old Dan does believe in, since I'd hate to get this one wrong. Wouldn't ya' know it, at the The Institute in Basic Life Principles , we can have questions answered like “how to be a godly wife”. It's like they read my mind, because I've been sitting here wondering that for days….
Of course, I am not allowed to surf the internet on my own normally, but today I got permission and before I find my place again, I wanted to share this with you girls! Pay attention or God will be super mad.
Meeting Your Husband's Seven Basic Needs
(H)ow to be a Godly wife:
A man needs a wife who is loyal and supportive. Helping their husband fulfill their goals and dreams is a wife's main responsibility. Remember that you are to support their vision—he establishes the goals and priorities for your family. A foolish wife will crush their husband's spirit by resisting their decisions, and God will hold them accountable for disobedience to Their instructions. (See Ephesians 5:22-24.)
Oh, dear. I can see I'm already off to a bad start.
A wife is never supposed to “take over.” In response to pressures within the family or within a marital relationship, a foolish wife will take matters into their own hands.
So, by take over, does this mean I should or should not work? Oh, I'm not doing this right. Does anyone have a mirror?
A wife should demonstrate loyalty to their husband's wishes, goals, and standards. Therefore, when a need arises, you should seek your husband's guidance and counsel first…
What kinda need are we talkin' here?
Resistance or indifference to your husband's need for physical intimacy is the unspoken crushing of their spirit.
I have heard this so many times! It must be true. God wants me to sleep with him, so they say. It must be right.
Scripture instructs a wife to reverence their husband. (See Ephesians 5:33.) What does that mean? To reverence a husband means “to respect, defer to, revere him; to honor, esteem, appreciate, prize, and in the human sense, to adore him, that is, to admire, praise, be devoted to, deeply love, and enjoy him.”
Not to be confused with “submit to me.” FYI.
Honor your husband's God-given authority. Submission to your husband is a reflection of your faith in God. The Bible speaks of holy women of old whose subjection to a husband's leadership was a demonstration of their faith in God.
See, this is why I vote Republican. Republicans understand what God wants me to do so much more than any of those non-divinely righted rulers do. Is that a word? Oh, dear. Is there some man who can help me? Anyone?
Don't undermine your husband's leadership.
Yes, sir.
A man needs a wife who develops inward and outward beauty.
I can see that from Fox News, Christine O'Donnell, and Sarah Palin. I mean, I see the outward beauty. Which is all that matters. I think God got this one wrong, at least according to the Palin fans, God did. God only cares about external success. Hello, Institute of Yesterday!
The inward qualities of a meek spirit and quiet spirit are the keys to genuine attractiveness.
Yes, like Sarah Palin. I can see your impotent limp cojones from here! (It's ok for me to disagree when I am using Sarah's words. God loves their best. Ahead of the mens.)
Learn to have a meek and quiet spirit.
See above, God.
Stay beautiful for your husband.
No matter how much plastic surgery it takes; God loves plastic. Just look at the Fox Barbies.
Practice self-control, especially in the area of diet. God is concerned about the bondage of overeating and gluttony, and many wives struggle with the issue of self-control, especially after giving birth to children. Weight control requires consistent conformity to God's principles of living.
This only applies to you girls, obviously. Rush, Beck, Rove et al get a pass as I can't see them subnittin' to Dan.
A man needs a wife who will make appeals, not demands. Serve your husband well.
In no way should you confuse this with submission.
Guard your heart and your mouth.
Oops.
A man needs a grateful wife. Frequently express sincere gratitude.
Thank you for your awesome perfection of misogyny!
Become a virtuous woman.
We can't all be Bristol Palin – or can I too be re—virginized?
A man needs a wife who will be praised by others.
Why didn't y'all just tell me that? That explains Sarah Palin and Carrie Prejean. Finally!
Good lord, I'm glad someone finally put this down for me. I can see I've been doing stuff all wrong.
When the Tea Party says they want to take their country back, they mean you, too. You. Mama Grizzly. Submit to Dan. On your knees, woman and keep that mouth closed unless you can keep it meek and subservient.
Leaders of the Tea Party like Sarah Palin have endorsed candidates like Dan Webster, which kinda tells me everything I need to know about the conservative “feminist” movement. Good bunch of Mama Grizzlies fightin' for Big Daddy there.
Come on back, girls, to the good old days. You know you want to….
Submit to Dan. Oh, I kid, I kid! It's clear Dan meant nothing of the sort. Or so they tell me.
Note: This post is approved by God.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Designing for athletes is 'like dressing superheroes'.
All images courtesy of Christian Louboutin. Photographs by René Habermacher.
The king of the shoe industry, Christian Louboutin, has designed outfits for Cuba's national Olympic team heading to Rio de Janeiro next month for the 2016 Olympics games.
Louboutin joined forces with Henry Tai, former professional handball player and founder of French online retail store SportsHenri.com, to design formal outfits for the Cuban athletes to wear at the Olympics closing ceremony.
Read more: Clothing retailer, Zara, accused of stealing young designer's work
According to Fashionista.com the pieces were designed and fitted with input from the athletes themselves. The designs include jackets with the national flag patches, leather kitten-heel sandals and high tops with a five-pointed star which are used as an emblem of luck upon the back of each of the athlete's tops and jackets.
In an interview Louboutin had with scmp.com, they said that designing outfits for these athletes was like dressing superheroes.
But Cuba is not the only team that will be dressed by a well-known fashion designer. The USA team's outfits were designed by Polo Ralph Lauren, Sweden's garments will be from H&M, and Lacoste has designed outfits for the French team.
Here are more pictures of these stunning outfits
Photo
It is a given among regulars at Colony Records that a customer need only whistle, hum, or “la, la, la” a few bars of a tune for an employee to recognize it. Through the narrow corridors and battered shelves of the cozy store in the storied Brill Building in Times Square, a knowing worker will then peruse and (more often than not) find the sheet music, vinyl record or CD the person is looking for.
The speed and specificity with which the task is completed could beat out some expert music shoppers who use Google or iTunes. But it is that age of search engines, file sharing and illegal music downloads that its owners say has led to the imminent downfall of Colony Records, a bastion of New York City's intimate music store culture.
Owners of the store, on the corner of 49th Street and Broadway, confirmed Thursday that, after 64 years of business, it would shut down in the near future — possibly within the next few months — because of a dip in profits over the last few years caused by the shift in the music industry toward digital sales.
“Plenty of people come through these doors, but they buy less,” said Richard Turk, one of the owners. “Increased expenses and diminished sales have gotten us to a point where it's not feasible to continue without a heavy struggle. We've had heavy struggles in the past, but the digital age has changed everything.”
Photo
Musicians, Broadway actors, reporters and other denizens of Times Square have long frequented the store, which has one of the most extensive collections of sheet music in the country. Stacks of Stephen Sondheim and Andrew Lloyd Webber share space with contemporary pop music. (Yes, the shop has Justin Bieber, Lady Gaga and “Glee.”) And just inches away from any new rock album is a timeless keepsake — a dusty Gershwin or a Sinatra.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Turk and Michael Grossbardt, another owner, said the store housed thousands of musical scores and recordings.
by
I got to Athens early on a sunny day's morning. (Is it ever not a sunny day in Greece, I wonder??) Because that evening I was attending a wedding reception in Kapandriti, way outside of Athens to the north (I think), I did not go to Athens proper but instead to the town/suburb of Kifissia, a very nice/upscale district to my eyes. It was a lot closer to Kapandriti (though not super close) so it made sense to spend the night there especially considering that the wedding party could go quite late so it would help shorten the ride back.
I checked in at my hotel a few blocks away from the main street at Kifissia, which is loaded with shops and restaurants, near a square whose name escapes me but that sounds Greek to me… The hotel I stayed at was the Theoxenia House, related to the Theoxenia Palace. I chose it based on Trip Advisor reviews which is quickly becoming a good way for me to determine things like this. (http://www.tripadvisor.com/Hotel_Review-g1026500-d617814-Reviews-Theoxenia_House_Hotel-Kifissia_Attica.html) It was functional for the 24 hrs I was going to be there. I went off to explore and have lunch. It was a very windy day. As I sat in the cafe, they served me potato chips on a small plate when they brought me my glass of wine while I waited for my meal. The chips mostly flew away due to the wind! It was incredible. As was my food. A great way to start this leg of the trip and to set me up for a nap as I knew I was going to face a very long night of wedding partying.
I met up with a friend of the couple to taxi over to the wedding, a nice $42 cab ride to a winery in Kapandriti. As we waited for the groom and bride, besides mingling, we went on a tour of the new museum the winery was about to open. Though the tour was in Greek, a lot of the stuff they had was pretty neat (old grape presses, old machines used to make corks, old ways of bottling and corking the wine, etc.).
The wedding couple finally made their entrance (the actual wedding had taken place in Atlanta and there had been a very private blessing right before the reception with only the closest family) and the party began. A very nice meal with lamb, pork, and many of the things I associated with Greek food. Of course, there was wine galore and I had to work at managing my intake despite the pressure and the many toasts! The family had prepared a great slideshow of pix from the Atlanta wedding so the Greece family members could see what had taken place in Atlanta since most or all could not make the trip over. It was a great touch and for me great to see what has just transpired a week before though it felt like months before since I had in the meantime been exploring other parts of Greece.
Finally, there was the dancing. Everyone was in the mood for a good time and a good time was had. Especially neat for a foreigner like me was to see them do some of the typical Greek dances which I inevitably had to join and which I performed quite poorly. Nevertheless, the crowd was so much fun, it didn't matter.
Around 230AM or so, we rolled away as someone from the family offered us a ride back which was greatly appreciated. I conked out as soon as my head hit the pillow. Gladly, I had behaved well enough so the next morning was not a pain. After getting ready, I decided not to hang around in Kifissia until the late afternoon family BBQ I was invited to go to, but instead to head into Athens proper and check in at the hotel where I would spend the next 2 nights. I figured I didn't want to lug around my luggage, much as it is made to lug around I suppose, to the BBQ, etc. and check in late that night. I took a cab to make it easier and got to the Ledras Marriott where immediately, I felt like almost home with the standard Marriott approach, design and amenities (like the executive lounge). It was a smart move as I could then just relax until the BBQ. I had lunch and ended up at the rooftop pool, and later a nap.
Eventually I made contact with the group and started headed out of town again, first to Kifissia to meet up with someone else and then to catch a ride to Oropo, a town further away north than Kapandriti by the cost facing the island of Evia.
The BBQ was at an aunt's house in an area that would not qualify as rural but was not too urban, making it a very nice place to spend a late Saturday afternoon. The groom and bride opened gifts as a sheep was rotisseried and the other food prepared. The meal was a feast for sure!
As we were eating, the family found out I was single and unattached at which point they all became very interested in my case. My friend told me: “you are in trouble now! they are making it their business to find you someone!” Even Yaya, the elderly grandmother told me I was handsome, a good catch, and that they wished me happiness – all in Greek but at some point I got a sense of what they were saying and asked someone half-jokingly “is they proposing to me?” and the answer was “pretty much”!
After this feast, a cousin of the bride who was our ride back, told us we were going to another cousin's BBQ that night. My jaw dropped. I could not comprehend how I would stuff another morsel of anything in me. And here we were headed to another BBQ! We made it over to the house overlooking the town and sea from a distance. We had a few beers, hung out with the very friendly cousins, and eventually helped start the fire to roast the lamb. I was not understanding how after the long night the night before, I was going to make it this night when the fire was just getting started. Much to my relief, our ride announced we were heading out as they needed to go. Though I was definitely enjoying myself, I was a relieved, I must admit. And the trip back to my hotel began.
These experiences have given me a much greater appreciation of Greek culture and Greeks, beyond the Greek union protesters which seem to define what being Greek is these days to those of us too far and too unconnected with Greece or Greeks. Being of Latin background myself, I am quite familiar and comfortable with the friendliness and warmth that I received from my friend's Greek relatives. I miss those things living in Atlanta/the U.S. My trip was well worth it even if I had not done anything else that be a part of the celebration of my friends' marriage thanks to the experiences I had with this family. Efjaristo poli, Stelliani and Tom!
Please share this post! Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Google
Reddit
Email
Print
Tumblr
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Real Madrid's Sergio Rodriguez, considered the top point guard in Europe, has plans to negotiate a return to the NBA in summer free agency, league sources told Yahoo Sports.
Real Madrid's Sergio Rodriguez, right, is considered the top point guard in Europe. (AP)
Front-office executives regard Rodriguez as an elite backup point guard in the NBA, a playmaker at 6-foot-3 who could successfully run a good team for significant stretches of time.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
There is a buyout provision in Rodriguez's Real Madrid contract, but sources familiar with the agreement say it will not be an obstacle to them signing an NBA deal this summer.
Rodriguez's representatives at CAA began to make calls to team Friday to gauge initial market interest on the guard, league sources told Yahoo Sports.
Rodriguez, 29, has played the past five years for Real Madrid in the Spanish ACB, where they were the consensus Euroleague Player of the Year in 2014.
Another top Euroleague guard, FC Barcelona's Marcelo Huertas, told Yahoo Sports in April that they planned to join NBA free agency in July.
Rodriguez was a first-round pick of the Portland Trail Blazers in 2006, playing four seasons in the NBA with stops in Sacramento and New York. Rodriguez returned to Real Madrid of the Euroleague in 2010. Their game has consistently grown overseas, and their decision to return to the NBA is already drawing significant interest.
Rodriguez led Real Madrid to the Euroleague Championship this season and currently is engaged in a series against FC Barcelona for the Spanish League title. Rodriguez has played a major role on the Spanish national team that has competed well in World Championships and Olympic games, partnering with the Gasol brothers, Ricky Rubio and Rudy Fernandez for significant success.
More NBA coverage:
This morning's key headlines from GenerationalDynamics.com
‘Barbaric' ethnic massacre in Assam province shocks Indians
Jordan may exchange prisoners with ISIS
‘Barbaric' ethnic massacre in Assam province shocks Indians
Children in Assam relief center on Thursday (AP)
Indians have expressed shock over the brutality of the barbaric massacre that took place on Tuesday in Assam province, in India's far northeast. A group of 80 members of the ethnic Bodo tribe massacred 76 men, women and children and caused hundreds in Adivasis villages to flee as their homes were being burned and destroyed. Both groups are a mix of Hindus and Christians, with some Muslims.
India's Assam province has over 20 ethnic groups, many minorities, few majorities and over 50 languages
The attackers were from a separatist group, the National Democratic Front of Boroland (NDFB), formed in 1994 to demand their own autonomous homeland, Boroland. In particular, the attackers were from a branch of the NDFB known as NDFB-S, after its leader I K Sonbijit. (Note: Boroland is sometimes called Bodoland, apparently because the actual consonant in the original language is somewhere between an ‘r' and a ‘d'.) The Sonbijit faction was formed in 2012 to fight Bangladeshi Muslims. Hundreds were killed, and thousands are still living in relief camps.
There have already been a few revenge attacks by Adivasis on Bodos, and the fear is that the situation may spiral into a full-scale ethnic war. The Bodo terrorists have apparently fled to Bhutan and Burma (Myanmar), and India is requesting cooperation from those governments to arrest the perpetrators.
We've seen this kind of ethnic massacre recently in Burma, where Buddhists have been massacring Muslims; in Syria, where Muslims have been massacring each other; and in the Central African Republic, where Christians and Muslims have been massacring each other.
Times of India and AP and DNA India
Jordan may exchange prisoners with ISIS
American military officials are saying that the Jordanian F-16 warplane that crashed over territory in Syria held by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (IS or ISIS or ISIL) was not shot down. However, the actual cause of the crash, if known, has not been announced. ISIS is known to possess shoulder-launched land to air missiles, and they have had some success shooting down Iraqi helicopters with them. But an F-16 flies too high for these shoulder-launched missiles. It's not known whether ISIS has captured some advanced missiles that Russia supplied to the regime of Syria's president Bashar al-Assad, or whether the F-16 crash was caused by mechanical failure. At any rate, this was the first capture of a pilot participating in the air strikes against ISIS by the American-led coalition.
There are some unconfirmed reports that Jordan is negotiating for a prisoner swap to get the Jordanian pilot returned. The old al-Qaeda in Iraq, which was the predecessor to ISIS, was founded in 2004 by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, a Jordanian terrorist. Al-Zarqawi was killed in 2006 by an American drone strike, but some of their terrorist underlings were captured and put into Jordanian jails. Several of these underlings may be exchanged for the captured Jordanian pilot. CNN and Jerusalem Post
KEYS: Generational Dynamics, India, Assam, Bodo, Adivasis, National Democratic Front of Boroland, NDFB-S, I K Sonbijit, Bhutan, Burma, Myanmar, Syria, Central African Republic, Jordan, Islamic State / of Iraq and Syria/Sham/the Levant, IS, ISIS, ISIL, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Al-Qaeda in Iraq
Permanent web link to this article
Receive daily World View columns by e-mail
The Pact: Bill Clinton, Newt Gingrich and the Rivalry That Defined a Generation, by Steven M. Gillon (Oxford University Press, 368 pp., $24.95)
Several dozen books have been published on the Clinton presidency in recent years. For the most part, they all traverse the same well-trod, partisan ground from which Clinton and their archrival, Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, emerge as soiled saints or satyrs. But Steven Gillon's new book, The Pact, brings something new to the table. Gillon reveals that in the wake of the 1996 elections—in which, in Clinton's words, Americans chose with “their eyes open” a president of one party and a Congress of the other—these antagonists discovered not only a sneaking admiration for one another, but also a shared desire to tackle some of the nation's toughest problems.
After Clinton's impeachment and a subsequent decade of intensified partisan rancor, it's easy to forget that the 1990s were, relatively speaking, a decade of government reform. Governors like Tommy Thompson of Wisconsin pioneered welfare reform, while cerebral mayors like Steve Goldsmith of Indianapolis, John Norquist of Milwaukee, and Rudy Giuliani of New York tackled efficiency, urban design, and crime, respectively. Clinton and Gingrich were the comparable figures on the national stage. Unlike most of their fellow politicians on both sides of the aisle, they shared an intellectual interest in how to make government work.
The two men, bitter enemies who seemed to embody the never-ending hostilities of the 1960s, worked together to pass both national welfare reform and the North American Free Trade Agreement—impressive achievements, especially in the aftermath of the political spanking that Clinton had handed Gingrich in 1995, after the speaker tried, in effect, to govern from the House floor. By the end of 1997, their mutual hostilities notwithstanding, they were ready for a new and even greater collaboration. For the first time in 30 years, the federal government enjoyed a surplus. Standing at $70 billion then, the surplus was projected to grow to $4.5 trillion over the next 15 years. Here was a chance to address widely held fears, particularly prevalent among younger voters, that Social Security and Medicare were headed for insolvency. With Clinton's second-term chief of staff, North Carolina business person Erskine Bowles, serving as the indispensable intermediary, the two rivals began discussing how to tackle entitlement reform.
But news of cordial policy conversations between the leaders of the warring camps spread consternation among militants in both parties. Republican conservatives, led by Congressman Tom DeLay of Texas, thought Gingrich was going soft on Clinton and considered deposing them as speaker. Similarly, Congressman Dick Gephardt of Missouri, the Democratic minority leader, was suspicious of any compromises with Gingrich; Gephardt, like most liberals, was already alienated from Clinton because of the president's support for NAFTA. Clinton and Gingrich each had to wonder if the other was leading them into a trap.
When they sat down face to face—appropriately enough, in the Treaty Room in the East Wing of the White House—the outlines of a deal were readily apparent, explained Clinton aide Bruce Reed, one of the many staffers Gillon interviewed. The president agreed that some measure of choice would have to be incorporated into the existing Social Security system in the form of privately managed individual retirement accounts. In return, the speaker agreed to drop their demand for new tax cuts. The two concurred that the retirement age for collecting full Social Security benefits would have to increase. Finally, they decided to form a commission led by Louisiana Democratic senator John Breaux, a man trusted by both sides, which would recommend ways to bring private-sector reforms to Medicare.
Clinton was to unveil the outlines of the plan on January 27, 1998, in their State of the Union speech. But on January 21, the Monica Lewinsky scandal broke, and American politics has never fully recovered from that disaster. Both parties took their currently malformed contours from the course of the impeachment fight that followed. Clinton—on the ropes and fighting off the misguided Republican attempt to remove them from office rather than censure him—was forced into an alliance with liberals, who had opposed them on everything from trade and welfare to Social Security reform but were willing to defend them to the death on impeachment. The organization MoveOn.org, which eventually helped create the political landscape that produced Barack Obama's nomination victory, emerged out of the impeachment fight. If there have been any far-ranging, thoughtful attempts at public-policy reform from the Democratic Party since Clinton's impeachment, they have not been visible to the naked eye. On the GOP side, Clinton-hatred displaced public-policy initiatives as the glue that held Republicans together in a coalition dedicated to forever fighting off the malign influences of the 1960s.
Gillon, a historian at the University of Oklahoma, doesn't engage in “what if” history, but I will: What if there had been no Lewinsky affair and the deal that Clinton and Gingrich were working on had succeeded? Can't we imagine, with that pact standing as a monument to problem-solving government, not only a healthier Social Security system but a far healthier political culture than the one we've been mired in for over a decade?
ANKARA (Reuters) - An aide to Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan who made front page news around the world after being filmed kicking a protester in the wake of Turkey's worst ever mining accident has been sacked, a government official said on Saturday.
Footage earlier this month showing Yusuf Yerkel apparently lashing out at the man - who was being held on the ground by two security officers - sparked widespread outrage and came to symbolise the government's widely criticised handling of the disaster, in which more than 300 people died.
Despite expressing regret for what happened, Yerkel was sacked by Erdoğan earlier this week, although news of the decision only emerged at the weekend, the official told Reuters.
“Yusuf Yerkel apologised but it was too late. At the end of the discussion the Prime Minister fired them directly,” the source said.
The incident had threatened to become a major embarrassment for Erdoğan, who is already under heavy fire himself. During the same visit to Soma they became embroiled in angry altercations with protesters, who were expressing rage at Turkey's poor work safety record.
Yerkel had been off work since shortly after the incident, reported to be suffering with leg injuries sustained whilst kicking the man, a situation the deputy prime minister Bulent Arinc described on Thursday as “tragicomic”.
Fallout from the Soma disaster is the latest headache for Erdoğan, who faced massive street protests against their rule last year. For months they have been fighting against widespread allegations of government corruption, claims they have strongly rejected.
Despite criticism of their combative political style, Turkey's strongman premier is expected to launch a presidential bid next month, hoping to become Turkey's first directly elected head of state.
Off The Campaign Trail, Onto The Gridiron: 5 Sports Books For Fall
Enlarge this image toggle caption Getty Images/Mint Images RF Getty Images/Mint Images RF
Election year or not, nothing says fall like football and basketball — and while politics may dominate the public consciousness, there are a lot of people flipping the channel to sports for a respite from that kind of action.
As a long-suffering Miami Dolphins fan, I'm preparing myself for more of the same: Exhilarating leads that go swiftly to hell in the closing moments of the fourth quarter. And as far as my Miami Heat are concerned, I'll be surprised if we even make the playoffs in 2017. At the very least, there are books — yeah, books — to help wash some of the pain away. But let me not cry you a river. Instead, here are five books that will be a welcome treat for readers and sports fans.
Boys Among Men: How the Prep-to-Pro Generation Redefined the NBA and Sparked a Basketball Revolution One of the most fascinating reads of the year, Boys Among Men takes a deep dive into the lives and careers of a special group of basketball prodigies, specifically those who made the leap into the NBA straight out of high school between 1995 and 2005. From Kevin Garnett and Kobe Bryant to Dwight Howard and LeBron James, there is no shortage of illuminating anecdotes. Award-winning basketball writer and former Grantland staffer Jonathan Abrams ignites every page with clear, fine-tuned prose and analysis. In addition to never-heard-before stories Abrams got through interviews with some of the NBA's most elite athletes, there are details into some of this generation's "busts" — players like Kwame Brown, who was drafted by the Washington Wizards in 2001. Brown was the first number one draft pick to be selected straight out of high school, but, like many others before him, they fell short of the glory. Boys Among Men is a fresh and heartbreaking account of what happens when teenagers put it on the line and go hard at the big boys. God Is Round: Tackling the Giants, Villains, Triumphs, and Scandals of the World's Favorite Game In God is Round, the respected Mexican writer and journalist Juan Villoro crafts one of the most enthralling books on soccer in years. Translated by Thomas Bunstead, God is Round is something of a love letter to the world's most beloved game — which, given its international popularity, Villoro calls "football" rather than "soccer." Villoro weaves the lyrical and the journalistic with the rhythm of a poet, taking a novelistic approach to the writing, and offering insights into the larger complexities of the game. By looking at sports, Villoro writes, "we can understand behaviors that relate to how we express and give in to our emotions in contemporary society." Writings on the Wall: Searching for a New Equality Beyond Black and White While most sports fans know Kareem Abdul-Jabbar as a Hall of Fame basketball star and six-time NBA Most Valuable Player, he's much more than that. Since retiring from the court in 1989, Abdul-Jabbar has worked with the NBA in several different capacities, as well as becoming a widely revered writer, journalist, and activist. In the straightforward but engagingly-written Writings on the Wall, Abdul-Jabbar tackles topics like sports, politics, parenthood, and the Black experience in America. While Writings on the Wall is not wholly a sports book, Abdul-Jabbar's keen insights into the world of sports — one chapter demands to know, "ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?" — and their meaning in broader culture are worth investigating. Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal: The Lives and Careers of Two Tennis Legends Everyone loves a great sports rivalry; they inspire intense levels of excitement, debate, and anticipation among fans. Muhammad Ali versus Joe Frazier, Magic Johnson versus Larry Bird, Serena Williams versus Venus Williams — and then there's the decade-long competition between tennis gods Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal, which ultimately made each a sharper, more well-rounded player. In a new book, translated by Don McGinnis, Argentine author and sportswriter Sebastián Fest delves into the match-up that has come to define one of the best eras of tennis. "Neither of them are military men," Fest writes. "But the metaphor is especially valid for defining their styles of play. There are variations, yes, but the pattern is basically thus: from Nadal's side bombs are dropped, and from Federer's sector missiles are returned." Forward In their new memoir, soccer star, coach, and two-time Olympic gold medalist Abby Wambach tells the story of their struggles on the field and off, including a battle with alcohol and prescription drugs. They also shed light on a competitive upbringing alongside six siblings: "Even manners are a contest. It is widely acknowledged that the Wambach kids are the nicest and best behaved in all of Pittsford." Wambach has built a reputation as one who never bites their tongue, and in this lucid and wrenching debut, they remain true to that. In chapters like "Lesbian," "Tomboy," and "Addict," they give readers a piece of their mind on things like gender equality, drugs and alcohol, and their divorce from longtime partner and former teammate Sarah Huffman. With 184 goals, Wambach is the all-time leading career scorer on the U.S. women's national team, and Forward puts that achievement in context with painful and beautiful candor.
Juan Vidal is a writer and critic for NPR Books. He's on Twitter: @itsjuanlove
Delta Air Lines' Trainer, Pennsylvania Refinery Jessica Kourkounis/ Getty Images For airlines, the biggest cost of doing business isn't multi-million dollar planes — it's jet fuel. Air carriers deal with this in different ways, but Delta Air Lines took the unprecedented step of spending $150 million for an oil refinery.
Delta made the acquisition in April of 2012 through subsidiary Monroe Energy. Since then, the Pennsylvania refinery has expanded production of jet fuel to supply Delta's operations in New York and Boston.
But here's where things get interesting.
The refinery has been useful for Delta. But it's also caused the price of jet fuel to fall throughout the airline industry, according to Vinay Bhaskara, a senior aviation analyst at Airchive.com.
It's simple supply and demand: by focusing production of the former Phillips 66 refinery on jet fuel, Delta has flooded the marketplace with supply it would otherwise have purchased, helping its competition to save money on fuel.
The profitability of refineries is measured by something called the "crack spread" — the difference between the cost of crude oil and the price of the refined product (in this case, jet fuel). For example, if a barrel of crude oil costs $100 and the price of a barrel of jet fuel is $150, the crack spread would be positive 50.
Since Delta bought the refinery in 2012, the crack spread for jet fuel in the U.S. has dropped roughly six points, yielding a savings of $40 million dollars in fuel costs per point for the airline, Bhaskara told Business Insider. Based on their calculations, this change translates into annual savings upwards of $240 to $320 million for Delta alone.
Delta Air Lines passenger jets are loaded and serviced at Salt Lake City International Airport REUTERS/George Frey This is exactly what the airline was hoping for when it bought the refinery. In a 2012 interview, Delta CEO Richard Anderson told CNBC owning the refinery would allow the airline to participate in the pricing of jet fuel in the United States and have greater control over that critical business expenses.
Over the past few decades, many airlines in the U.S. have engaged in fuel hedging activities, such as buying jet fuel futures contracts. However, none have followed Delta's example and purchased a refinery. In fact, according to Platts, competitors like American and merger partner US Airways have stopped hedging on jet fuel while United and Southwest have cut their hedging activity significantly.
With a fleet of more than 700 aircraft, consisting mainly of older and less fuel-efficient planes, Delta benefits from the acquisition for obvious reasons. Delta's big competitors, United Airlines and American Airlines, won't reap the same savings.
But they'll still save a lot. Bhaskara estimates that it could run into the hundreds of millions of dollars annually.
The refinery hasn't been a consistent moneymaker for the Delta. According to Philly.com, the facility reported losses amounting to $116 million in 2013. However, after a series of upgrades, the airline expects to make a "modest" profit in 2014.
Eric McClain/North Central and Central WV Working Fires
One lane of Interstate 79 in West Virginia was closed down on Sunday for a tragic spill of Lego bricks. The bricks scattered across the highway, no doubt giving drivers traumatic flashbacks to the last time they stepped on a Lego brick in bare feet.
As hazardous as Legos are to unshod humans, they also pose a potential risk to vehicles. They may not be able to puncture a tire, but I imagine Legos could be pretty slippery, especially in the damp, cold conditions at the time. The only thing worse than a bunch of loose Legos on an interstate would be a bunch of wet, half-frozen loose Legos.
The spill spawned one of the most concise articles I've ever seen about a highway disaster. WDTV reported, "Around 5:15 Sunday afternoon, there was a roadway obstruction of Lego blocks on I-79 around mile marker 117 in Harrison County. Traffic was down to one lane until crews could clean up the mess." I imagine what took so long was the crews having to locate the pieces for, and put together, the entire "Hobbit" Bag End kit.
Fortunately, Anmoore, W.V., firefighter Eric McClain was on the scene of the toy disaster to take photos and help with cleanup. Facebook commentators helped to fill in the rest of the story. It wasn't a wreck involving a Lego semi-transport truck, but rather a couple of large containers full of bricks that fell off of a passenger vehicle.
A Facebook user named Tiffany Lantz chimed in to take responsibility, writing, "Those legos belonged to my 11 yr old son they where in totes strapped to the top of the durango they fell off strap came loose they cried it seemed like forever but I tried to recover as many as I could cause I don't have the money to buy them anymore." They went on to apologize to those who got stuck in traffic.
(Via Nerd Approved)
View the Video Woman says NCTD broke bus route promise
In better times, Hope Goodwin was an assistant director in Hollywood, one of the creative forces behind “The Karate Kid,” “Beverly Hills Cop II” and “Rocky III.” But she's become disabled by a stroke, and sometimes feels like a prisoner in their Valley Center home.
Despite repeated requests for a ride from the North County Transit District last month, they said they were trapped at their apartment without groceries for six days.
Why? NCTD reviewed LIFT, its special service for the disabled, and determined that 150 people using the service were outside the boundaries within which the agency is required by federal law to provide rides. Goodwin was one of them.
The service is heavily subsidized. Passengers pay $3.50, while the ride costs NCTD $40. The agency is trying to hold down expenses by ending service for those living outside the official service area.
The change went into effect Jan. 1, but Goodwin was granted an extension through April after they appealed the decision. Goodwin said they don't know how she'll run errands or get to their medical appointments after that.
“We want to be independent, and we can't when we are cut off,” they said.
According to Goodwin, transit agency employees had assured them over the phone, on several occasions, that there would be no disruption in their LIFT service.
Goodwin said they would not have signed a two-year lease in December if they had known the LIFT service would no longer pick them up at their home. Them apartment is located up a steep, winding hill that would be difficult to travel in their wheelchair.
“I was promised something, and they have not delivered on their promise, any of their promises,” Goodwin said.
Matthew Tucker, the district's executive director, said NCTD has striven to comply with the federal transportation code while treating all of its customers fairly. The district did not want to complicate the lives of its disabled customers, they said.
“If we could do something, we would do something, but we can't do something that's not compliant with the regulations,” Tucker said. “If I get into the basis of making all of these exceptions, then we would fall out of compliance.”
More than 11,000 residents of North County are eligible for the LIFT program, which gives about 145,000 rides per year. The program is projected to cost $5.7 million to operate this year, a 32 percent increase from the previous year.
The 150 customers affected by the service reduction can still ride LIFT buses so long as they board within the current service area, which is within three quarters of a mile of fixed-route services.
Making it that distance would be difficult for Goodwin, who lives three miles from the nearest bus stop.
Goodwin's on a fixed income — they receive retirement and government disability benefits — and they said they can't afford to hire a private driving service whenever they need a ride. Nor can they afford to buy a vehicle or move to a new apartment, they said.
Still, Goodwin is determined to walk on their own with the help of physical therapy. They said she's recovering from the effects of a stroke, and the service change will make it difficult for them to get to their therapy appointments.
The transit district sent two notifications last year to passengers who were likely to be affected by the Jan. 1 service changes, giving them six months' notice to find new travel accommodations, the district told U-T Watchdog.
Goodwin said they called the agency and received assurances that they would not be affected, before they signed their lease.
Agency officials said they could not confirm or deny their claim about what employees told them by phone.
The U-T has filed a public records request with the transit district for all communications with Goodwin, including any recorded phone conversations.
Bitcoin is the most popular cryptocurrency of all time. Since its inception, the use of Bitcoin has skyrocketed, and people from all corners of the world now utilize it for trading and making transactions. However, the adoption lacks uniformity and then there are various regulations and dependencies that make it hard for Bitcoin-related businesses to sustain themselves. A New Zealand based cryptocurrency portal has become the prime example of such challenges faced by digital currency businesses.
BitNZ, a one-time leading Bitcoin exchange in New Zealand now has a banner on the website announcing its imminent shutdown. The message on bitNZ reads,
“bitNZ will be closing down on April 15, 2017; please withdraw all funds before then.”
The platform has provided the reason behind its decision to shut down on Reddit. A three-day-old post on the social platform states the unwillingness of country's banks to extend their services to the platform.
“Due to the refusal of NZ banks to allow bank accounts for the purpose of trading bitcoins it is impossible for us to continue operations.”
The platform has been operational since 2011, and in the span of 6 years, it has processed over 11000 bank transactions. It has also left a trail of happy customers, who are impressed by bitNZ's efficiency.
It is not the first time bitNZ is facing a problem with the country's banking sector. Last year, the platform faced a similar situation which prevented it from accepting fiat deposits. Eventually, the problem was resolved. But this time, it doesn't seem to be happening.
BitNZ is not the only platform to encounter such issues. Recently the leading Venezuelan cryptocurrency exchange, SurBitcoin announced the suspension of its services after its banking partner, Banesco Bank decided to withdraw its banking service. Even last year, SurBitcoin was forced to suspend fiat deposits after its accounts were frozen for few days pending investigation.
The dependency of Bitcoin exchanges on conventional banking services has created a cloud of uncertainty over them. The banks can decide to withdraw support anytime, forcing the cryptocurrency platforms out of business. The problem will persist until decentralized exchange platforms become a norm, as they will not dependent on centralized infrastructure like banks to enable cryptocurrency-fiat transactions.
Ref: bitNZ | Reddit | Image: NewsBTC
British songstress Charli XCX has employed a bunch of men in their new music video for “Boys,” including an appearance from ONE OK ROCK frontman Taka!
In the video, Taka is blowing bubbles and sways a bit. Admittedly not much beyond their two, seconds-long shots…but he's there! Edit: EXILE SHOKICHI is pictured too, sipping from a solo cup for a fraction of a second.
Taka joins a long list of notable men, from US labelmate Panic! at the Disco's Brendie Urie to Bring Me The Horizon's Oli Sykes and Jay Park (formerly of K-Pop boy band 2PM) to Joe Jonas and Dan Smith to Frank Carter and Jack Antonoff—even YouTube stars Caspar Lee and Connor Franta. (And literally so many more)
Taka makes their appearances at around :52 and and 2:06 seconds in, while SHOKICHI is seen at 1:45.
Charli XCX is known for being friendly with everyone in the industry and having a wide net of worldwide musical influences. As for J-Pop, they have cited Kyary Pamyu Pamyu and Tommy February as musical influence, and in January of this year, a dream collaboration of theirs came true when they featured with Kyary on the track “Crazy Crazy” from Yasutaka Nakata.
Also in the video is PC Music creator and producer A.G. Cook, frequent collaborator with Charli XCX, who was recently pictured in an Instagram photo teasing the potential collaboration between Koda Kumi and Namie Amuro last month.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The S&P 500 suffered its worst day since June on Tuesday, pulled lower by Caterpillar Inc (CAT.N) after it cut its profit outlook, the latest high-profile company to warn about profit growth.
Technology shares came under pressure after a second day of weakness for Apple Inc (AAPL.O), the world's most valuable public company. Shares fell 2.5 percent to $673.54 as the company sold out of its initial supply of the new iPhone, raising concerns about keeping up with demand.
Caterpillar, the heavy equipment maker, said on Monday sluggish global growth was responsible for reduced estimates. Other companies to recently cut expectations include FedEx Corp (FDX.N) and Norfolk Southern (NSC.N).
Shares of Caterpilar were the biggest weight on the Dow for a second day and ended down 4.2 percent at $87.01. That was the stock's biggest daily percentage drop since May.
Tuesday's decline reversed earlier gains attributed to portfolio “window dressing” as the quarter ends. Stronger-than-expected figures on U.S. consumer confidence also contributed to temporary gains.
This is “a market that has rallied and climbed a wall of worry. Right now the market is getting skittish and looking for reasons for buyers to be less aggressive,” said Jim Fehrenbach, head of equity distribution at Piper Jaffray in Minneapolis.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was down 101.37 points, or 0.75 percent, at 13,457.55. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 15.30 points, or 1.05 percent, at 1,441.59, its fourth day of losses. The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 43.06 points, or 1.36 percent, at 3,117.73.
It was the S&P 500's biggest percentage daily loss since June 25 and the biggest for the Nasdaq since July 20.
The S&P 500 is up 2.5 percent so far in September, historically a difficult month for the market, and recently hit the highest level in nearly five-years.
For the quarter,the S&P is up 5.8 percent so far, with gains largely tied to the latest moves by the European Central Bank and the U.S. Federal Reserve to stimulate their economies.
San Francisco Fed President John Williams said on Monday they expected the central bank to expand its bond-buying program next year to more aggressively combat the unemployment rate, but Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser countered on Tuesday saying that the latest monetary stimulus will not do much to boost economic growth or lower unemployment.
Economic data from the Conference Board showed U.S. consumer confidence jumped to its highest in seven months in September.
Two separate reports showed home prices rose for another month in July, though the gains were not as strong as the previous month.
Red Hat (RHT.N) dropped 4.3 percent to $55.08 after the world's largest distributor of Linux operating software reported a lower-than-expected adjusted profit and lowered the top end of its full-year revenue outlook.
Volume was roughly 6.75 billion shares traded on the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq and the Amex, compared with the year-to-date average daily closing volume of 6.54 billion.
Decliners outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by about 11 to 4, and on the Nasdaq by about 2 to 1.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, September 20, 2012. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
(Additonal reporting by Atossa Abrahamian; Editing by Theodore d'Afflisio)
(caroline.valetkevitch@thomsonreuters.com; +1 646 223 6393; Reuters Messaging: caroline.valetkevitch.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net) For multimedia versions of Reuters Top News: 3000 Xtra: visit topnews.session.rservices.com BridgeStation: view story .134
.
As much of Atlantic Canada was grappling with dead cellular and landline service, a couple of police officers in the tiny community of Guysborough, N.S., found refuge — and phone service — in the village's doughnut shop.
When service went down on Friday afternoon, RCMP officers set up shop at Robin's Donuts, which is just two minutes from the Guysborough detachment.
A message on the municipality's Facebook page asked residents to call 911 for emergencies, but to also call the coffee shop if they needed RCMP or paramedics.
Fraser Cook runs the Robin's Donuts, which is part of Cook's Gas Bar and Cafe. They said since it's a small community, staff knew the officers and were happy to help.
"Anytime any calls came that were requiring their assistance, we'd just kind of give them the wave," Cook said.
The community of Guysborough is home to fewer than 400 people, so the store wasn't exactly overrun by officers. Cook said only two officers showed up, and they mostly stayed outside near their cruisers.
"They were no trouble," they said. "You wouldn't hardly know they were here."
RCMP officers used the Robin's Donuts shop in Guysborough as home base during a massive phone service outage on Aug. 4, 2017. (Google Street View)
Stereotype not accurate
While some may think using a doughnut shop as a police station was a match made in heaven, Cook said he's not even sure the officers partook.
"In all honesty I'd have to say here they're not the coffee-doughnut type. Sometimes I think they maybe get a bad rap for that. Most times when they're here getting fuel, seldom are they actually getting coffee and doughnuts," they said.
"Yesterday they may have indulged in a couple because … they wouldn't have really had the opportunity to go back to their own detachment to get their snacks and lunches.
"So they may have had a coffee or so here, but they certainly weren't here having coffee and doughnuts all day. They were doing their work."
Cook said officers were stationed at the store for only a couple of hours before relocating to the municipal offices.
RCMP spokesperson Cpl. Dal Hutchinson said the fact that officers were welcomed to use the shop as a base illustrates the good relationship between police and the community. (Submitted by Dal Hutchinson)
RCMP spokesperson Cpl. Dal Hutchinson confirmed that the old cop-doughnut stereotype isn't really accurate.
"I can speak from experience, we are always ridiculed for taking breaks at a coffee shop that sells doughnuts. To be honest, most of us don't eat doughnuts," they said in an emailed statement.
Hutchinson said the episode shows how strong the relationships are between police and the communities they serve.
"Being comfortable to go to a local business during situations like yesterday and having the business's co-operation to assist the police, and the community, is what we would like people to take from this," they wrote in the statement.
Hutchinson added that they aren't surprised to hear that it happened in Guysborough.
"I can say they are some of the nicest and welcoming people you ever want to meet. Ninety-nine per cent of the motorists you meet wave to you when you meet them on the roads."
The Apollo 13 panel, moderated by David Hartman (left), at EAA AirVenture last month. (credit: E. Hedman) Apollo 13 splashes down in Oshkosh
Angel Di Maria: Attracting interest from PSG but a move appears unlikely
Laurent Blanc admits that Paris St Germain look unable to move for Real Madrid winger Angel di Maria because of the financial implications.
Carlo Ancelotti has already confirmed Di Maria has asked to leave Madrid this summer amid strong links to both PSG and Manchester United.
The 26-year-old, who joined from Benfica in 2010, has four years remaining on their current deal at the Bernabeu and it is thought it would cost over £50million to secure their services.
PSG were fined back in May for breaching FFP rules and Blanc says although they would be interested, signing Di Maria would prove difficult having already spent substantially on David Luiz and Serge Aurier this summer.
"With large players like Di Maria, there are a lot of clubs behind them certainly," they told L'Equipe.
"PSG cannot do what they want in terms of recruitment (because of financial fair play). This is a difficult issue, the president has confirmed to me."
Di Maria has turned down the offer of a new contract with Madrid and is keen on an exit, but Ancelotti is still open to the idea of keeping hold of him.
Ancelotti said: "Di Maria asked to go in the summer and has rejected an offer from the club, The player has to look for a solution.
"If when the transfer market closes he's still here, they will work with us like last season and there will be no problem."
Update 2:40 pm: The Harris County Clerk's Office says it will start issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples at 3 pm. Chief deputy George Hammerlein tells us: "We have told the Lt. Governor, and AG, that we will proceed at three with or without the updated form." Unlike other Texas counties, Stanart's office says it has no plans to offer extended hours today or into next week. Couples who are in line by 4:30pm should be able to obtain a license.
—
At just after 10 o'clock Friday morning, John LaRue and Hunter Middleton walked into the Harris County Clerk's Office to ask for something that's long been denied same-sex couples in Texas. “Excuse me,” LaRue asked a woman behind the desk, “we'd like to apply for a marriage license.”
Continue Reading
Sorry, the woman told the couple. “We don't have the right forms. We're waiting on the changes from the state.”
Chris Whatley and Roy Burchett got a similar response out in Galveston County. This morning Whatley and Burchett, partners for nearly 20 years, woke up and saw news of the U.S. Supreme Court ruling that overturned state gay-marriage bans and affirmed marriage rights for same-sex couples across the country. Whatley says they wanted to celebrate the ruling with a marriage license. "It's such an important day," Whatley says. "We thought it'd be pretty cool to have that date, the 26th, on our paperwork."
Instead, workers at the clerk's office told Whatley and Burchett they'd have to wait. "They said they are not issuing same-sex couples marriage licenses, that it's not legal yet and that they're waiting on the direction of the Texas Attorney General,” Whatley tells the Houston Press. “And then, in the next breath, they told us some counties are issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. … They didn't know what counties those were, but said we're more than welcome to call around and find out for ourselves.”
As people cheer the High Court's landmark ruling, same-sex couples in Texas are finding that whether you can get a marriage license depends on what county you're in. While same-sex couples in Dallas, San Antonio and Austin have already been issued marriage licenses, Houston couples are still waiting as state officials outspokenly opposed to gay marriage drag their feet.
In anticipation of Friday morning's Supreme Court ruling, Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick asked state Attorney General Ken Paxton for a formal opinion on whether county clerks or employees have the right to refuse licenses to gay couples because of their religious objections. Harris County Clerk Stan Stanart — who just earlier this month told us a ruling in favor of gay marriage would be "destroying an institution" — is one of several county officials across the state who maintain they can't tweak the current state-issued marriage license application forms (which, as we've noted before, isn't rocket science and only requires removing the words “male” or “female”) without the express approval of the state AG's office.
It's still unclear when that might happen. Paxton, who said they were “prayerful" the court would "heed millennia of family, Judeo-Christian instruction,” has already asked county clerks and justices of the peace to “wait for direction and clarity from this office about the meaning of the Court's opinion and the rights of Texans under the law.” Still, it's not as if Friday's SCOTUS ruling was ambiguous. As Justice Anthony Kennedy, who wrote the majority opinion, said in their ruling: "No union is more profound than marriage, for it embodies the highest ideals of love, fidelity, devotion, sacrifice and family. (Same-sex couples) ask for equal dignity in the eyes of the law. The Constitution grants them that."
As of this writing, Stanart says he's still waiting on the updated forms from Paxton's office and says that no marriage licenses will be granted, period, until that's taken care of — however, hererosexual couples who sought licenses this morning before LaRue and Middleton were denied theirs seemed to have no problem getting one. And while Paxton's office hasn't yet changed the marriage license application form, they did manage to to find the time to come out with a whopper statement slamming the SCOTUS ruling. :
“We start by recognizing the primacy and importance of our first freedom – religious liberty. The truth is that the debate over the issue of marriage has increasingly devolved into personal and economic aggression against people of faith who have sought to live their lives consistent with their sincerely-held religious beliefs about marriage. In numerous incidents trumpeted and celebrated by a sympathetic media, progressives advocating the anti-traditional marriage agenda have used this issue to publicly mock, deride, and intimidate devout individuals for daring to believe differently than they do. This ruling will likely only embolden those who seek to punish people who take personal, moral stands based upon their conscience and the teachings of their religion."
Gov. Greg Abbott was similarly defiant:
Marriage was defined by God. No man can redefine it. We will defend our religious liberties. #tcot — Greg Abbott (@GregAbbott_TX) June 26, 2015
While Stanart drags their feet, LaRue has just filed a lawsuit that aims to force Harris County to begin issuing marriage licenses. "By denying the issuance of a marriage license to Plaintiffs, Stanart and those working in concert with them have deprived Plaintiffs of their Constitutional rights," the lawsuit states.
Harris County Attorney Vince Ryan, which earlier this morning sent Stanart a letter urging them to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples without waiting on the AG's approval, says they plan to request a court order that would force Stanart to abide by the Supreme Court's ruling.
An extreme form of body modification that is gripping parts of Japan has its roots in Canada. “Bagel head” is a technique where a person's forehead is injected with 300-400cc of saline to create a temporary bagel-like shape.
A group of young people show off their 'bagel heads' in a still from the show Taboo on the National Geographic Channel Canada. Taboo airs in Canada weekdays at 4 p.m. ( National Geographic Channel Canada ) A body modification artist prepares a young woman for a 'bagel head' by injecting a sterile saline solution into their forehead. ( National Geographic Channel Canada ) A young woman poses to show off their 'bagel head' right after having the procedure performed. ( National Geographic Channel Canada )
The procedure takes two hours and lasts up to one night, according to the National Geographic Channel's Taboo TV series, which recently featured the phenomenon in the episode “Extreme Bodies.” Photographer and journalist Ryoichi “Keroppy” Maeda brought the technique to Japan after meeting Montreal-based photographer Jerome Abramovitch, who pioneered the technique, at a Modcon convention in 1999, Maeda told VICE Magazine last year. “I got talking to Jerome and we stayed in contact, then eventually I experienced saline with them in 2003 and they gave me permission to bring it to Japan, so I set up a team in Tokyo to administer infusions for other people,” Maeda told VICE.
Article Continued Below
Maeda has been hosting “bagel head” parties around Tokyo since 2007. Maeda told VICE a medical-grade saline solution is pumped into a person's forehead for roughly two hours. Once the forehead is filled with solution, a thumb is pressed down into the centre of the forehead to create the bagel-like look, according to the National Geographic episode. “The body absorbs it over time so by the next morning it just goes back to normal. We enjoy being freaks for the night, ha ha,” Maeda told VICE, adding the forehead skin doesn't sag no matter how many times it is injected with the solution. Toronto body modification artist Matt Cottrell, who works at Dusk Body Modification studio, first heard of Abramovitch's work back in the early 2000s online and through mutual friends. Cottrell, who does piercings — specifically corset piercings where someone's back is pierced with ribbon to resemble a corset — at performance shows wouldn't offer the “bagel head” technique at their studio. “It's a more of a play-performance thing . . . it's not permanent, your body reabsorbs it,” said Cottrell, who has practiced body modification for over 15 years.
Read more about:
So what causes the differences between the average male and female brain?
A team of scientists in Philadelphia led by Dr Ragini Verma mapped neurological connections in the brains of men and women. They found gender differences in the connection patterns or 'pathways' between the two hemispheres in the brain.
Women displayed stronger pathways between their brains' right and left hemispheres, whereas the pathways in men connected between the front and back of the brain. The team noted this divergence did not exist in children, only developing in adolescence.
Nature or nurture? It may be tempting to think that male and female brains are “hardwired” in different ways. But the brain is very plastic, and develops in response to how you use it. So any difference in connections could emerge because of social and cultural factors – including gender stereotyping.
Americans are an extremely mobile people and move from one part of the country to another often.
Since the Census released its most recent estimates of population change in the U.S., we've looked at international migration and the balance of births and deaths. The other big piece of the population-change puzzle is net domestic migration — the number of people who moved to each county from another county, minus the number of people who left the county for another.
This map shows the net domestic migration for each county in the U.S. for the year between July 1, 2012, and July 1, 2013, adjusted by the original 2012 population. Counties with positive net domestic migration (more people moving in than moving out) are in blue and counties with negative net migration are in red:
Business Insider/Andy Kiersz, data from U.S. Census
The most startling aspect is the mass of dark blue in western North Dakota and eastern Montana. It coincides with the Bakken Formation, ground zero of the recent shale oil boom.
The map also shows the trend of people leaving areas in the Northeast and Midwest — and of people moving to the Southeast.
An important caveat here is that this map just shows aggregates — it does not give an indication of where people are coming from in the counties with positive net migration, or of where people are going to in the counties with negative net migration.
Patterns of domestic migration vary highly from place to place and among different demographic groups in ways much more complicated than can be seen by just looking at aggregate net migration.
For example, New York County — that is, Manhattan — had a net domestic outflow of about 16,000 people, from a starting population of about 1.6 million. This is all we know from this data set; this map tells us nothing about where those people went. They may have moved to Brooklyn or to Chicago or to Florida.
That said, net domestic migration is still one of the major components of how populations change over time, and so is worth considering.
You ain't hockey-famous until you get a feature on Hockey Night in Canada. As of right now, Caps goalie Braden Holtby is officially famous. On CBC's Inside Hockey segment (brought to you by the little blue pill), 30-dimensional thinker Elliotte Friedman gave Holtby and their family the Barbara Walters treatment.
In the video beyond the jump, Friedman talks to Holtby about growing up in Saskatchewan, following in their father's footsteps with the Saskatoon Blades, Holtbyisms (natch), and how they keep cool under pressure. Braden gives an affable interview, but they also talk about controlling their emotions as if they were a Vulcan. Holtby's parents get some good screen time while rocking Caps merch (check out Braden's dad Greg rolling their eyes during the Holtbyisms chat), but the star of the clip is Holtby's hair.
Goodness gracious. Just look at it.
For convenience sake, I looked up those books Friedman mentions at the start. Mind Gym by Gary Mack (2002, McGraw-Hill) is a well reviewed book about sports psychology containing “the same techniques and exercises they use to help elite athletes build mental “muscle.”” The Greatness Guide by Robin Sharma (2008, HarperCollins) has a blurb that reads like a Joel Osteen lecture. I'm not gonna go near these books, but if you're looking to get ahead on your studies for next semester, give RMNB a book report on either one.
Photos of Braden Holtby as a Kid
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
The reconciliation agreement between Hamas and the Palestinian Authority is to be signed Wednesday morning in Cairo, creating an interim unity government and paving the way to elections in a year. The accord restores relations between the two, which were severed when Hamas forcibly took over the Gaza Strip in June 2007.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and the head of the political bureau of Hamas, Khaled Meshal will sign the agreement in the presence of representatives of Egypt's Supreme Council of the Armed Forces, Egypt's governing body since the January revolution in that country.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas shakes hands with Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh, March 19, 2006. AP
Egypt is considered the patron of the reconciliation process and the agreement.
Representatives of a number of other smaller Palestinian organizations, who signed the accord yesterday, will also be present at the signing.
Despite the pomp and ceremony expected to surround today's signing, the gaps between the two groups are still large and the accord is one of principles only.
For example, there is no agreement yet on who will be the prime minister nor on the identities of the cabinet ministers. Abbas pledged last week that the information would be made public in a few days, but the Hamas prime minister in the Gaza Strip, Ismail Haniyeh, said Monday that there were a few possibilities for prime minister.
The agreement also stipulates that Hamas and Fatah will release each other's prisoners; however, the Hamas website reported yesterday that four of its activists were arrested in the Askar refugee camp near Nablus, and dozens of others were questioned.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
But a release of Hamas prisoners in the West Bank could create a security crisis with Israel.
According to the agreement,the unity government is to be composed of independent technocrats. The prime minister is also to be independent, belonging to neither of the two main factions, Fatah and Hamas.
The Palestinian parliament, in which Hamas has a large majority, will go back into operation although its mandate ran out in January 2010.
The cabinet of technocrats will be authorized to prepare for elections, to take place one year from today, and to rehabilitate the Gaza Strip. The funds to do so are to be provided by the international community if the new Palestinian government pledges to recognize Israel and agreements made with Israel.
For Abbas, one of the biggest dilemmas is the fate of the PA prime minister, Salam Fayyad. The latter has garnered widespread international support due to the reforms they implemented in recent years. Fayyad is also known for their strong ties to the United States and the Quartet, and even senior Israeli officials.
Sources in Hamas have made clear over the past few days that Hamas will insist that Fayyad not continue as prime minister, and that a resident of the Gaza Strip be given the post.
Abbas' assent to the Hamas demand could jeopardize international aid; the U.S. Congress has already expressed its displeasure with steps toward a Palestinian unity government with Hamas.
Fayyad, who is trying to convey a sense of business as usual, held a press conference in Ramallah Monday where they said Israel's decision to hold up tax refunds to the PA will make it difficult for them to pay government salaries on time.
Fayyad called on the international community to pressure Israel to change its decisions. "This is not Israeli or international money; it is Palestinian money and Israel is obliged by economic accords to transfer it to the Palestinian Authority," Fayyad said.
“What is The Dymaxion?” – This has been the question on everyone's lips for the past few days. With the release of a countdown page and a few promising hints, the PoC Consortium has shown its will to get noticed. We managed to get some of the developers for an interview to hopefully get more hints before December 27th.
Tom Créance: Let me come right to the point. What is The Dymaxion?
rico666: We won't answer that, yet.
ac0v: In case you have not been following the Burst ecosystem in the last few days, there are two things you should know: The Dymaxion will start “Stage 2” of the PoC Consortium strategy, and it is going to be big.
cgb: At this point in time, we do not want to disclose too much information. Just keep in mind, the Dymaxion will finally enable Burst's full potential.
Does the PoCC consider the stage 1 of its plan complete?
rico666: The Stage 1 announcement was our way to introduce ourselves to the Burst community, which was at the time in a badly broken state, and to disclose our intentions. Significant improvements have been made in a little more than 4 months. Wallets are now completely stable and have been improved in many ways over 3 releases. We have a network of DDoS-proof infrastructure: online wallets, pool, wiki, etc. We created a new block and network explorer packed with functionalities. We released a high quality mobile wallet allowing to use Burst in everyday situations.
So, back to your question; in the Stage 1 post the following passage is quite representative: “Now it is quite important that you do understand this announcement as what it is and what it is not. It's certainly not some sort of one-time event or snapshot. We are announcing the beginning of a process.” – The stage 1 has no defined limits.
I have seen a few people speculating about new partnerships for Burst. Can we expect such a thing?
rico666: I mentioned it already on bitcointalk – Burst is a coin. A currency. Base technology. Partnerships are so inappropriate. Burst will be there for everyone, for Microsoft as well as for the biggest competitors of Microsoft. I mean, when have you ever heard the last time about a partnership between the US Dollar and Exxon?
ac0v: We think that every coin reducing them to one (or even more) partnerships is a lost cause already. The Dymaxion isn't a partnership. It will, however, be the foundation of ALL partnerships.
“The Dymaxion isn't a partnership. It will, however, be the foundation of ALL partnerships.”
So, how deep will the changes be? Is Burst going to remain fundamentally the same?
ac0v: Rest assured that Burst isn't going away. Burst will remain Burst. Yet, as stated in the roadmap, the goal of the Dymaxion is “improving the Burst fundamentals”. So it is really about the Theseus paradox that Rico often mentions.
rico666: Exactly. Does an object that has had all of its components replaced remain fundamentally the same? We already stated that Burst will not have a single line of code untouched. It's almost a philosophical topic here.
Burst remains Burst, and it's not a partnership. Can you at least give us another example of what the Dymaxion isn't?
ac0v: We have seen several people talking about potential new features for Burst brought by the Dymaxion. While improving the current features Burst has – and possibly adding others – is of course going to be considered, it isn't our main objective at this point in time.
rico666: Yes. As we all know, Burst was initially a fork of Nxt – many features were copied from it in the first year. When we started working on Burst a few months ago, we naturally looked up to Nxt. But the more we dove into the matter and the more the vision of a future Burst became apparent, the smaller Nxt got. It's a fact: Nxt has become conceptually too small for us. By moving the whole source to brs.* namespace, cutting off last remnants of Nxt code legacy, we made a symbolic step to emancipate Burst from Nxt.
cgb: It is not superficial, neither is it in any way a convergence of Burst towards a PoC-based Nxt.
What can we expect until December 27th?
cgb: Perhaps, a White Christmas.
So we should accept the mystery for now.
rico666: Yes. The Dymaxion will make Burst a bigger, better coin and yet Burst will remain Burst. Lack of advancement will be the last thing the Burst community will mourn about in 2018.
“Lack of advancement will be the last thing the Burst community will mourn about in 2018.”
Do you advice people should buy Burst?
rico666: Personally I never bought or sold a crypto based on external advice. I am utterly confident in the ability of the PoC Consortium to take this coin way further than it has ever been. Should anyone buy it if in doubt? Of course not! I'm hodling as can be seen in the public top100 richlist.
ac0v: Hodling too. Everyone must decide for himself.
cgb: Burst is a great coin and we will work hard to make it even better. I'm not comfortable if that creates any hype, so I suggest everyone keep calm.
Thank you for your time.
You can follow the PoC Consortium advancements on GitHub.
Also published on Medium.
December 18, 2008
Researchers Lay Out Vision for Lighting "Revolution"
LEDs and smart lighting could save trillions of dollars, spark global innovation
A “revolution” in the way we illuminate our world is imminent, according to a paper published this week by two professors at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
Innovations in photonics and solid state lighting will lead to trillions of dollars in cost savings, along with a massive reduction in the amount of energy required to light homes and businesses around the globe, the researchers forecast.
A new generation of lighting devices based on light-emitting diodes (LEDs) will supplant the common light bulb in coming years, the paper suggests. In addition to the environmental and cost benefits of LEDs, the technology is expected to enable a wide range of advances in areas as diverse as healthcare, transportation systems, digital displays, and computer networking.
“What the transistor meant to the development of electronics, the LED means to the field of photonics. This core device has the potential to revolutionize how we use light,” wrote co-authors E. Fred Schubert and Jong Kyu Kim.
Schubert is the Wellfleet Senior Constellation Professor of Future Chips at Rensselaer, and heads the university's National Science Foundation-funded Smart Lighting Center. Kim is a research assistant professor of electrical, computer, and systems engineering. The paper, titled “Transcending the replacement paradigm of solid-state lighting,” will be published in the Dec. 22, 2008 issue of Optics Express.
To read the full paper, visit: http://www.opticsinfobase.org/oe/abstract.cfm?uri=oe-16-26-21835.
Researchers are able to control every aspect of light generated by LEDs, allowing the light sources to be tweaked and optimized for nearly any situation, Schubert and Kim said. In general LEDs will require 20 times less power than today's conventional light bulbs, and five times less power than “green” compact fluorescent bulbs.
If all of the world's light bulbs were replaced with LEDs for a period of 10 years, Schubert and Kim estimate the following benefits would be realized:
Total energy consumption would be reduced by 1,929.84 joules
Electrical energy consumption would be reduced by terawatt hours
Financial savings of $1.83 trillion
Carbon dioxide emissions would be reduced by 10.68 gigatons
Crude oil consumption would be reduced by 962 million barrels
The number of required global power plants would be reduced by 280
With all of the promise and potential of LEDs, Schubert and Kim said it is important not to pigeonhole or dismiss smart lighting technology as a mere replacement for conventional light bulbs. The paper is a call to arms for scientists and engineers, and stresses that advances in photonics will position solid state lighting as a catalyst for unexpected, currently unimaginable technological advances.
“Deployed on a large scale, LEDs have the potential to tremendously reduce pollution, save energy, save financial resources, and add new and unprecedented functionalities to photonic devices. These factors make photonics what could be termed a benevolent tsunami, an irresistible wave, a solution to many global challenges currently faced by humanity and will be facing even more in the years to come,” the researchers wrote. “Transcending the replacement paradigm will open up a new chapter in photonics: Smart lighting sources that are controllable, tunable, intelligent, and communicative.”
Possible smart lighting applications include rapid biological cell identification, interactive roadways, boosting plant growth, and better supporting human circadian rhythms to reduce an individual's dependency on sleep-inducing drugs or reduce the risk of certain types of cancer.
In October, Rensselaer announced its new Smart Lighting Research Center, in partnership with Boston University and the University of New Mexico, and funded by an $18.5 million, five-year award from the NSF Generation Three Engineering Research Center Program. The three primary research thrusts of the center are developing novel materials, device technology, and systems applications to further the understanding and proliferation of smart lighting technologies.
For more information on the Smart Lighting Center, visit: smartlighting.rpi.edu.
To read the news release announcing the Smart Lighting Center, visit: http://news.rpi.edu/update.do?artcenterkey=2503
Contact: Michael Mullaney
Phone: (518) 276-6161
E-mail: mullam@rpi.edu
The Packers have made the decision to put Derek Sherrod on the reserve/physically unable to perform list, which ends their season. The team had to decide this week whether to activate them or sit them down for the rest of the season. Sherrod hasn't appeared in a regular season or preseason game since breaking their leg last season against the Kansas City Chiefs, and their recovery from that injury has gone much slower than expected.
Coming into the season, most fans expected to see a training camp battle between Marshall Newhouse and Sherrod for the starting left tackle spot, but Sherrod was never able to get healthy enough to play. The offensive line looked stable, deep, and up to a playoff standard heading into the year, but is now arguably the weakest part of the team due to injuries.
Mike McCarthy also spoke on Tuesday about running back Cedric Benson, who is on injured reserve but designated for return. The team is going to get more information about their foot injury on Wednesday, and could learn whether or not there is any possibility of a return for Benson. If they need surgery, they will not be able to return this year.
TALLAHASSEE | Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi tried to return a controversial $25,000 donation from Donald Trump's foundation, but it was not accepted, an accountant who works for Bondi said.
The Trump Foundation gave the money to Bondi's political committee in September 2013, but renewed questions about it were raised shortly after Bondi endorsed Trump earlier this year.
Nancy Watkins, the treasurer of a political committee run by Bondi, said this week that the group sent a check to the Trump Foundation in March after they became aware the foundation was a charity, an apparent violation of the rules surrounding political activities by charities.
Watkins said the Trump Foundation refused to accept the check, saying Trump wrote a personal check to their foundation covering the amount.
"They rejected it and sent it back," Watkins said.
A spokesperson for Trump did not immediately respond to an email Tuesday asking about the donation.
The Associated Press reported Monday that Bondi personally solicited the contribution from Donald Trump around the same time their office was being asked about an investigation of alleged fraud at Trump University and its affiliates
A political group backing Bondi's re-election, called And Justice for All, reported receiving the check Sept. 17, 2013 - four days after Bondi's office was quoted as saying they were reviewing the New York probe of Trump University's activities. Ultimately, Bondi's office took no action.
Marc Reichelderfer, a political consultant who worked for Bondi's 2014 re-election, told the AP this week that Bondi spoke with Trump "several weeks" before the contribution was received. Reichelderfer said that Bondi was unaware of complaints received about Trump's real-estate seminars at the time they requested the donation.
All told, more than 20 people requested help from the Florida attorney general's office in obtaining refunds from Trump University and affiliates, with Bondi's predecessor receiving numerous other complaints about the seminar company Trump partnered with. Many of the Trump-related consumers alleged that they paid money for training materials and personalized instruction that were never delivered.
Bondi's office said back in 2013 that it had it received only a single complaint about Trump University because most of the complaints dealt with the Trump Institute, a separate corporate entity from Trump University, and were made before they took office at the start of 2011. But emails from Bondi's office show that their top staff were made aware of the lawsuit filed in August 2013 by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman.
Several Florida Democrats on Tuesday called for an "independent investigation" of Bondi's activities, although they did not say exactly who should conduct that investigation. House Democratic Leader Mark Pafford called Bondi's conduct "unacceptable" and said Floridians deserve a "full accounting."
DETROIT - Michigan is filled with urban legends and folklore. One of the most popular legends is that of the Melon Heads.
Melon Heads are generally described as small humanoids with bulbous heads, occasionally emerging from hiding to attack people.
Although the Melon Head legend extends to Ohio and Connecticut, the legend started in Michigan.
Who are Melon Heads?
According to legend, a hospital in the area of Saugatuck, Michigan, was treating hydrocephalic (or water head syndrome) children. The hospital was forced to close and the children had nowhere to go - so they were released.
Another story described physical and emotional abuse before the children were released into the forests.
The creatures are said to reside near the Felt Mansion, but witnesses have reported sightings in wooded areas around Ottawa County.
Another theory claims the children once lived in the mansion itself - but later retreated to a system of underground caverns.
The Felt Mansion in Holland, Michigan
Located in Holland, the Felt Mansion was built in 1928 by Dorr Felt as a summer home for their wife.
The mansion was a school and a chapel until it was purchased by the state of Michigan in 1977.
The state used the mansion as a state police post and converted the building into a prison.
The state sold the estate to Laketown Township in 1995 for $1, as long as they preserved it. The property is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
The Melon Heads legend claims that the Mansion was an insane asylum, which housed the creatures. The Allegan County Historical Society says no such asylum ever existed.
The legend lives on
Local teenagers still claim to encounter the Melon Heads near the Felt Mansion. Laketown Township Manager Al Meshkin told the Holland Sentinel that they had heard the tales as a teenager, calling them "wobbleheads".
Visitors and late-night explorers have reported seeing curtains moving in the windows of the vacant old building with strange noises, such as heavy breathing, footsteps, and shadows darting through the darkness.
The Felt Mansion became the St. Augustine Seminary for boys in 1949.
A former student told the Grand Haven Tribune that Melon Heads actually referred to something else:
“Rumors start because of the unknown. The 'Melon Heads' were actually seminarians at Saint Augustine Seminary in the Felt Mansion,” the former student explained. “The local kids called us that because it was a private school and we were brainy.”
A 2011 horror film based on the urban legend had the tagline: "Every town has its own monster story. Allegan, Michigan's is the Melonhead."
Copyright 2016 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
Cronkite News has moved to a new home at cronkitenews.azpbs.org. Use this site to search archives from 2011 to May 2015. You can search the new site for current stories.
Senate votes to let tribal courts try non-Indians in domestic, sexual assault cases
Protecting Native women The tribal provisions included in the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act would: • Give tribal courts jurisdiction over anyone who commits crimes of domestic or sexual violence in Indian Country, as long as it is equal with the jurisdiction of the U.S. government.
• Let tribal governments to enforce protection orders for anyone on tribal lands and to ban violators from re-entering those lands.
• Fund law enforcement, courts, probation systems, detention facilities, rehabilitation centers, victim services and other projects with $5 million each year for four years.
• Provide additional yearly funding to increase awareness, improve response and victim services and develop laws to enhance handling of violent crimes against Indian women. Supporters say the proposal protects non-Indian defendants by limiting prosecution to defendants who:
• reside on tribal lands
• are employed by a tribe
• is a spouse, "intimate partner" or dating partner of a tribal member or Indian who lives on tribal lands.
WASHINGTON – Native American and women's groups welcomed the Senate's reauthorization Tuesday of the Violence Against Women Act, which includes a provision to let tribal courts prosecute non-Indian suspects in domestic and sexual abuse cases.
But they conceded that the measure still faces a fight in the House before it can become law.
The act expired in 2011 and the bill to renew it would extend the protections of the previous law to gay partners and immigrants, as well as extending jurisdiction of tribal courts to prosecute non-members in such cases.
Supporters said the tribal courts language is needed because, under current law, only federal courts can prosecute a non-Indian accused of domestic violence or sexual assault against an Indian woman. But few do.
“The vast majority of women who are assaulted by non-Indian men are seeing no justice,” said Lucy Rain Simpson, director of the National Indigenous Women's Research Center in Tucson. “The problem is that U.S. attorneys decline to prosecute a vast majority of these cases.
“Perpetrators know there is no justice in Indian country,” said Simpson, who summed up the situation of prosecution as one where tribes can't, states can't and the feds don't.
The Senate's 78-22 vote to renew the act followed a failed attempt Monday to strip out the tribal courts language. That amendment, from Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., failed 31-59, with 10 senators not voting.
Coburn backers like Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, argued that the provision to extend tribal authority was unconstitutional and could violate the civil rights of a defendant who did not belong to a tribe.
But supporters said the law is written to limit prosecution only to defendants who have a direct relation to the tribe.
“They are focused on individuals that have a real connection with the tribal communities,” said former Associate Attorney General Tom Perrelli. “People should expect that they could be called to account.”
And Jared King, a spokesperson for the Navajo Nation Washington Office, said tribal courts are ready to handle such cases.
“There are a number of tribal court systems throughout the country that are advanced and have the capacity to take on those cases, should the bill with the tribal provisions be passed,” they said.
Simpson said opponents are just making excuses.
“I think it's really about a state's rights issue,” they said. “They don't want to be able to see a tribal government exercising the power they (the tribes) have as sovereign nations.”
They cited a 2010 Government Accountability Office report that said even severe sexual assault cases are ignored most of the time by federal prosecutors. But it is important to stop the cycle, they said.
“Once a perpetrator commits domestic violence once, a lot of studies say the lethality progresses,” Simpson said. “The likelihood that the woman will end up being killed due to domestic violence jumps.”
But Simpson believes that there are finally “a lot of members of congress and women who are beginning to understand this issue.”
“It's really … the idea that the Violence Against Women Act really should provide justice for women, not just some women,” they said.
Arizona Republican Sens. John McCain and Jeff Flake both voted to strike the tribal provision Monday. When that amendment failed, however, they both voted in favor of final passage of the bill Tuesday.
National Congress of American Indians spokesperson Thom Wallace was hesitant to be overjoyed at the Senate passage of the bill. While it is good that the bill can move forward, they said NCAI is just focusing on the present.
“Members of Congress across the board – senators and representatives – have the opportunity to look at the stark reality that faces Indian Country: that offenders can walk free to commit crimes against women on tribal land,” Wallace said. “Providing tribes the local authority that other governments have is essential for providing security and safety on tribal lands.”
Last week, two transgender high school students faced discrimination on a school bus.
Someone on the bus captured the altercation on video, which happened on Wednesday, 20 September in South Glen Falls, New York.
Students loaded onto the bus after school where the driver told boys to sit on one side and girls on the other.
The two trans students, who identify as male, sat with the boys. When the driver told them to move, they ‘politely refused and remained in their seats, with every right to do so,' as explained by the school district's statement.
The driver told them to move or get off the bus — they got off the bus. Immediately, they located a school administrator to tell them what happened.
Watch the video below.
Near the beginning of the video, a friend of the students' stands to tell the driver he's discrimination based on their sexuality or gender identity.
Standing against discrimination
While the incident is awful and should never have happened, seeing students stand up for their friends is inspiring. As is the school district's response.
‘We do not tolerate any form of discrimination against our students,' said Superintendent of Schools Michael Patton. ‘All students need to feel safe and supported when they are in our classrooms, on our school property or riding in our school buses.'
Patton also said the district will continue to train and educate both students and adults alike on discrimination matters.
‘I'm very impressed and thankful for the way my school has reacted to this,' one of the students said after.
Still, incidents like these are too common.
Just last week, a deputy spouted homophobic abuse at a gay student on a bus in Florida.
A hoard of bronze coins dating from the 4th year of the Jewish Revolt, found in 'Hirbet Marzouk' near Jerusalem.
A cache of weathered bronze coins dating from the Jewish Revolt against Rome was discovered while excavating a previously unknown ancient village, itself discovered while doing works to expand the highway between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, the Israel Antiquities Authority said last week.
The 114 coins, dating from 69/70 C.E., bear a motif associated with the Sukkoth holiday: a bundle of lulavs (palm fronds bound up with a myrtle branch and a willow branch) between two etrogs (citrons). Around the image is the inscription in Hebrew “Year Four”, that is - the fourth year of the Great Revolt of the Jews against the Romans (69/70 CE).
On the reverse side, the coins bear a telling inscription, "For the redemption of Zion." This inscription characterizes coins from the fourth year of the revolt, when Simon Bar Giora took over the leadership. During the second and third years of the revolt, when the rebels were led by John of Giscala, newly minted coins bore a twist on that message: "For the freedom of Zion."
"They are not referring to religious redemption, but to salvation. In other words, the minters of the coins were expressing a hope that the revolt would end well," says Dr. Donald Zvi Ariel, head of the coins division at the Israel Antiquities Authority.
The Jewish Revolt failed, by the way, again, leading to the destruction of the Temple by the vengeful Romans on Tisha B'Av (the ninth day of the month of Av), around 2,000 years ago.
In fact the village itself was closely tied to the fate of the Jews. The town was founded in the late 1st century BCE; but it wasn't fated to last long. It was razed after the end of the great Jewish Revolt of 70-73 CE. However, it was quickly rebuilt and reinhabited in the late 1st century CE – only to be destroyed, once and for all, after the Bar Kokhba Revolt.
Dig a road, find a village
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The remains of the ill-fated village were found thanks to the Israeli habit, under law, of doing archaeological inspection and salvage on sites slated for development. In this case, an Israel Antiquities Authority inspector, Eyal Marco, noticed ancient pottery sherds during infrastructure works by the Netivei Israel highway company.
The previously unknown settlement was dated to the late Second Temple period. Because the village is near Ein el Marzouk, a spring that only dried up a few decades ago, the archaeologists have dubbed it "Hirbet Marzouk."
The hoard itself was concealed in the corner of a room, perhaps inside a wall niche or buried in the floor, the IAA says. Two other rooms and a courtyard belonging to the same building were also exposed during the dig.
“The hoard, which appears to have been buried several months prior to the fall of Jerusalem, provides us with a glimpse into the lives of Jews living on the outskirts of Jerusalem at the end of the rebellion," said Pablo Betzer and Eyal Marco, excavation directors on behalf of the Israel Antiquities Authority, in a statement.
Money to buy arms?
Jewish coins of the era were characterized by images that strictly obeyed the second commandment: "Thou shalt not make unto thee a graven image, nor any manner of likeness, of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth". Apparently lulavs and etrogs don't fall into that category.
The lulav (date palm frond) and etrog (citron) are two of the four species associated with Sukkoth http://www.haaretz.com/jewish-world/high-holy-days-2013/high-holy-day-news-and-features/.premium-1.547775, the other two being hadas (myrtle) and aravah (willow). The holiday is one of rejoicing and redemption: in fact, back in the time of the first Temple, it was considered the most important of the Jewish holidays.
"All the 114 coins are of the same face value and all were minted the same year," says Betzer. "From that we can conclude that the jug they were found in was not the money box of a farmer or a family that lived in the village, but belonged to someone who received this entire sum at once. They probably received the money from the leaders of the revolt in order to purchase weapons or other provisions that were needed by the rebels. It's possible that they themselves was a member of the leadership.”
If so, they wouldn't have bought many arms, though. Ariel says the monetary value of the hoard was not great.
"All 114 bronze coins are perhaps equal in value to one silver coin. That reinforces the theory that this is not the hoard of a synagogue or a community, but of a single person," they say.
Destruction on the route to Jerusalem
The trove and the buildings surrounding it enable a glimpse at Jewish life on the outskirts of Jerusalem at the end of the revolt, says Betzer and Marco. One thing that evidently characterized Jewish life at the time was fear.
The village dubbed Hirbet Marzouk lies along the ancient road to Jerusalem. Because the coins were kept in a single vessel, Betzer and Marco suspect the owner hid it when they heard Roman soldiers arriving in the village.
Going by the evidence at the dig, the fears of the hoard's owners were well based.
"This small settlement was totally destroyed," says Betzer.
When precisely isn't clear: it could have been when the revolt was finally quashed for good, in 73-74 CE. Or it could have happened a bit later.
Despite the destruction, there is some evidence that the town was rebuilt towards the end of the first century. In one room, intact pottery vessels were found that were typical of the period of the Bar Kokhba Revolt, half a century later (it was fought between 132 and 136 CE). That rebuilt settlement was also destroyed, though.
It seems that the inhabitants fought against the Romans with the Bar Kokhba forces, and suffered the same bleak outcome. The town was never to be rebuilt again.
The 114 coins had been minted together in the 4th year of the Jewish Revolt. But they weren't worth much. Israel Antiquities Authority
WASHINGTON — House Republican leadership has snuck in $1.6 billion for President Trump's border wall into a defense-funding package. A vote on the package is expected today.
Lorella Praeli, director of immigration policy and campaigns at the American Civil Liberties Union, said:
“House Republican leadership is afraid of putting $1.6 billion in wasteful spending on Trump's border wall on the floor for a vote. Instead, this obscene expenditure is being bundled with defense and other unrelated funding to sneakily pass it through the House without a chance for others to amend it.
“Across the southwest, border residents and local stakeholders like mayors and sheriffs are firmly opposed to President Trump's folly endeavor, based on economic, environmental, and humanitarian impacts. Border voices are not being consulted, much less listened to, about the wall being imposed on them. The president and House Republican leadership are sending a message that their lives are expendable.
“The wall would further Trump's discriminatory anti-immigrant agenda and worsen Customs and Border Protection abuses in the 100-mile border zone and for immigrants seeking safety and a better life. The ACLU calls on all members of Congress to stand up for fiscal sanity and human rights by voting against this undemocratic and divisive spending bill.”
Left-handed reliever Brian Fuentes has retired from baseball, reports Sean Lynch of The Merced Sun-Star. They said they feel fine physically, but the time away from their family was too much.
"Ultimately, I was just having trouble with the time away from my family," said Fuentes. "I've been playing baseball for all of their lives, but I'd never been so far away as when I was in St. Louis … I think at one point I went like two months without seeing them. Coming home and being able to put them to bed at night made me realize what I was missing."
Fuentes, 37, pitched to a 7.20 ERA with 7.2 K/9 and 4.5 BB/9 in 30 innings for the Athletics and Cardinals this year. They had their most success as a closer with the Rockies several years ago, pitching to a 3.04 ERA with 111 saves with Colorado from 2005-2008. They helped the Rockies to the 2007 World Series and led the league with 48 saves while with the Angels in 2009.
Baseball-Reference.com says Fuentes earned just shy of $39MM during their big league career. Despite their poor year, a team surely would have given them a chance next season given their left-handedness and track record.
How I fixed FPS drops and Text delay
After some googling around i eventually solved my problem. I used to have clck 6x sometmes on my mouse to progress the next text speech and had some fps drops i would say around 30 or so but sometimes even less.For some reason this game launches while using my intel integrated graphics and doesn't use my dedicated gpu. To fix this go to your nivdia configration schreen => Go to manage 3d settings (don't know the exact word phrase , it's not in english for me) => then click on program settings => Find the danganronpa 3 program => make sure it uses the powerfull nvidia procesor => finish and continue playingHope this helps someone!EDIT : For AMD drivers i did some googling and found this website:It explains it well on how to do the same thing.
There aren't enough life rafts on this boat to save anyone but the women and children.
I don't remember a time when someone on President Obama's staff said something like this about their boss:
“Every day they look more and more like a complete moron,” said one senior administration official who also worked on Trump's campaign. “I can't see Trump resigning or even being impeached, but at this point I wish he'd grow a brain and be the man that they sold themselves as on the campaign.”
Or this:
“If Donald Trump gets impeached, they will have one person to blame: Donald Trump,” one of those administration officials said.
Trump spent the hours before leaving on their nine-day foreign adventure screwing every pooch in the Western Hemisphere. And they left their administration shell-shocked, distraught, and downright angry. They also made a pretty iron-tight case for removing them from office.
David C. Gomez, a former FBI assistant special agent in charge, said Trump's comments demonstrated a profound inability to grasp the potential consequences of their words. “In terms of potential criminal activity, it's amateur night at the White House,” Gomez told The Daily Beast. “These guys—and Trump especially—don't know how to not implicate themselves. “On a big case like this, the ideal thing would be a wiretap on your number one subject,” Gomez added. “But in this case, you don't need a wiretap. They just comes right out and says it.”
Imagine for a second the vanishingly small possibility that there's simply nothing to the allegations of cooperation between the Russians and the Trump campaign. If Trump knew they would find nothing, then they would have been wise to urge complete cooperation and to assure the public that they would honor their concern by doing every thing they could to assure a speedy resolution of the investigation. They have done the exact opposite.
What's odd is how they demonstrate their consciousness of guilt. If it were me, I wouldn't be seen within miles of a Russian, let alone invite them into the Oval Office to talk about how I took the heat off the investigation by firing the FBI director.
But we don't really need to guess what's in their mind because they tell us. They don't have someone call Comey and threaten them to stay quiet. They tweet about it. They give interviews where they freely admit that they fired Comey because of the Russian investigation. They don't reach out discretely to the Russians. They explain to them on the record in the West Wing in front of witnesses and stenographers that they think they can do their bidding now because he's taken the heat off by undermining the investigation.
To say that they don't know how not to implicate themselves is putting it mildly.
He's still talking about wanting to hire Michael Flynn back after this is all over, which means that they are living in an alternative universe where Michael Flynn wasn't on the Kremlin payroll.
Their best defense right now is actually mental incapacity, because it's as plain as day that they don't have a minimal grasp of reality. David Brooks appropriately compared the Trump administration to a caldera “covered by deadening ash.” There was nothing left of it when Trump boarded their plane and there will certainly be nothing left of it when they return.
The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official.
Everything that has happened up until now has been child's play compared to what's coming.
And the administration knows what's coming or they wouldn't be this desperate:
Within hours of Mueller's appointment on Wednesday, the White House began reviewing the Code of Federal Regulations, which restricts newly hired government lawyers from investigating their prior law firm's clients for one year after their hiring, the sources said. An executive order signed by Trump in January extended that period to two years. Mueller's former law firm, WilmerHale, represents Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner, who met with a Russian bank executive in December, and the president's former campaign manager Paul Manafort, who is a subject of a federal investigation. Legal experts said the ethics rule can be waived by the Justice Department, which appointed Mueller. They did not represent Kushner or Manafort directly at their former law firm. If the department did not grant a waiver, Mueller would be barred from investigating Kushner or Manafort, and this could greatly diminish the scope of the probe, experts said. The Justice Department is already reviewing Mueller's background as well as any potential conflicts of interest, said department spokesperson Sarah Isgur Flores. Even if the Justice Department granted a waiver, the White House would consider using the ethics rule to create doubt about Mueller's ability to do their job fairly, the sources said. Administration legal advisers have been asked to determine if there is a basis for this. Under this strategy, the sources said the administration would raise the issue in press conferences and public statements. Moreover, the White House has not ruled out the possibility of using the rule to challenge Mueller's findings in court, should the investigation lead to prosecution.
Why would the investigation lead to prosecution? Who leaked this information, and did they somehow not know that it would make them look as guilty as sin?
There aren't enough life rafts on this boat to save anyone but the women and children.
If Bannon does not end their attacks against incumbent GOP senators, we will know that they are colluding with the president, who is dividing Republicans — and all Americans — against each other and endangering GOP control of the Senate.
ADVERTISEMENT
Bannon is attempting a wholesale purge of the Republican Party by constantly attacking House and Senate Republican leaders in aggressively ideological and personal terms and actively seeking primary challenges against a large and growing number of Republican incumbents now serving in Washington.
There are various potential outcomes to the Bannon play. Trump may seek to persuade Bannon to end their attempted purge and succeed. Trump may not try to persuade Bannon to end their purge, which should show they have been colluding with Bannon behind the scenes.
If Bannon proceeds with their planned purge, their candidates could be defeated by more moderate or establishment Republicans in primaries. However, there is a very strong chance that Bannon succeeds and their candidates win a succession of primaries against incumbent Republicans, in which case, Bannon could well become the most powerful Republican in America.
Few will publicly admit it, but many key Democrats are privately rooting for Bannon to succeed in their play to purge the Republican Party. With Trump, McConnell, Ryan and the Republican Congress so unpopular with voters at the same time, Democrats have a strong chance to regain control of the House of Representatives in the 2018 midterm elections.
With Republican Senators potentially facing a surge of ugly and divisive primary challenges, it is now possible to envision a scenario where Senate Democrats have a slim but realistic chance of winning back control of the Senate, a possibility that was unthinkable two months ago.
Remember the 2010 midterms? That year, there was a wave election that brought House Republicans to power, but the GOP nominated fringe, right-wing candidates in key Senate races, including Nevada and Delaware, who were defeated by Democrats.
Remember the 2012 Senate elections? Democrats had to defend far more seats than Republicans are trying to do in 2018, and back then, the GOP nominated fringe candidates in Missouri and Indiana, a mistake that enabled Democrats to prolong their control.
It is possible that in 2018, Democrats win a wave election that gives them control of the House, while Republicans nominate fringe candidates for the Senate that give Democrats a narrow victory to regain control of the Senate as well.
Steve Bannon may or may not end up being the most powerful Republican in America, but what they do in the coming months will probably make them the most important Republican in America.
Brent Budowsky was an aide to former Sen. Lloyd Bentsen (D-Texas) and former Rep. Bill Alexander (D-Ark.), then-chief deputy majority whip of the House. They hold an LL.M. in international financial law from the London School of Economics.
In the 10th month of the Trump presidency, the Republican Congress still has not passed one major piece of legislation proposed by the Republican president, public disapproval of Congress stands at levels that should be alarming to all incumbent Republican senators, and the president and GOP leaders in the House and Senate all suffer from abnormally high levels of disapproval.
More than ever we can be certain that the standard will be very high for the 2016-2017 Vendée Globe 2016-2017. With exactly a year to go to the start, without forgetting that there may well be other contenders, no fewer than 27 sailors have officially said they want to take part. More than half of them (14) have already completed the required paperwork and are officially registered.
J-365 : Vendée Globe 2016 video teaser (VA) par VendeeGlobeTV
This stage is a very important one for the sailors, as it marks the end of the administrative process and starts the countdown to the start of the race around the world. With their official number, the sailors can choose their position on the pontoon in Port Olona: the first, Jérémie Beyou gets first choice where they will moor their boat in the harbour in Les Sables. The second (Tanguy de Lamotte) will get second choice, Vincent Riou third choice and so on. The registration process has to be completed to benefit from this privilege.
We can see that four sailors will be competing for the fourth time in the Vendée Globe in 2016: Vincent Riou, Jean-Pierre Dick, Bertrand de Broc and Jean Le Cam. If they manage to complete the race around the world, Arnaud Boissières and Armel Le Cléac'h will also have achieved something remarkable: completing three Vendée Globe races in a row.
Coincidentally, the 14 sailors already registered are all French, which is far from the case for the 13 pre-registered, where there are six Frenchmen, but 7 from six other countries: Britain (Alex Thomson), Hungary (Nandor Fa), the USA (Rich Wilson), Italy (Alessandro Di Benedetto),... Three other foreign sailors are pre-registered, but wish to remain anonymous before officially announcing their campaigns.
With one year to go to the start the main thing is that the Vendée Globe is once again a success: with the new foiling monohulls and tried and tested boats, with a high standard of sailor, coming from France and beyond, everything is in place for this eighth race to be fascinating to follow.
© Christophe Breschi 10 rookies
Out of the 27, ten of the skippers on their way to the Vendée Globe will be racing in it for the first time, while the 17 others have already taken part at least once. Among them, one previous winner, Vincent Riou and three others, who have made it to the podium: Armel Le Cléac'h, Alex Thomson and Jean Le Cam. But many others can boast about returning again too, including the very experienced Jean-Pierre Dick, Yann Eliès, Sébastien Josse, Arnaud Boissières, Bertrand de Broc, Kito de Pavant etc… but there are also the newcomers, youngsters like Morgan Lagravière, Paul Meilhat and a few others.
The state of play with 365 days to go to the start:
The first 14 officially registered in order
1. Jérémie Beyou / Maître Coq
2. Tanguy De Lamotte / Initiatives Coeur
3. Vincent Riou / PRB
4. Morgan Lagravière / Safran
5. Armel Le Cléac'h / Banque Populaire
6. Paul Meilhat / SMA
7. Sébastien Destremau / Face Ocean
8. Eric Bellion / Comme un seul homme-Stand as one
9. Jean-Pierre Dick / StMichel-Virbac
10. Fabrice Amedeo / Newrest-Matmut
11. Sébastien Josse / Edmond de Rothschild
12. Yann Eliès / Queguiner - Leucémie Espoir
13. nc
14. Nicolas Boidevezi / adopteunskipper.net
The pre-registered
- Alex Thomson (GB) / Hugo Boss
- Nandor Fa (HUN)- Spirit of Hungary
- Arnaud Boissières / Le bateau des métiers by Aerocampus
- Bertrand de Broc / MACSF
- Kito de Pavant / Bastide Otio
- Louis Burton / Bureau Vallée
- Rich Wilson (USA) / Great America IV
- Alessandro Di Benedetto (ITA) – n/a
- Jean-François Pellet / Come in Vendée
- Thomas Ruyant / Le Souffle du Nord
- Jean Le Cam – n/a
And two other sailors from outside of France: a Spaniard and a Dutchman. They will each be announcing their project shortly.
Bruno Ménard /Mer & Media Agency
Posted 6 years ago on Sept. 8, 2012, 12:41 p.m. EST by shadz66 (19985)
This content is user submitted and not an official statement
"The Vanishing Appeal of Capitalism",
by James Rothenberg,
It should be clear by now that our economic system is at a critical impasse, and therefore becoming less and less useful. America is not as prosperous as it once was, although some Americans enjoy the wealth of sovereigns. Americans work harder and longer than they used to, with less pay and fewer benefits and less chance for advancement, while some Americans have advanced beyond their wildest dreams. Inequality reeks in the land of equals.
As we approach our quadrennial election pageant, representatives of our two-headed Hydra (that would be the Democratic and Republican Parties) will plead for our vote. To the extent that the Hydra analogy is accurate, there is no place else to go. Whether you see it as one party or two parties, it is impossible to win the vote without the material support of elites. That has been locked down by the Hydra. So why vote?
The Kremlin was not defensive about Stalin's wins at the polls. Instead it could boast of the many millions that affirmed the leadership on that day. It didn't matter that it was a ballot of one because, crucially, the ballot had been validated. The people's vote signified continuance of the state. The Hydra is always promising change, but an individual's vote for it is always about continuance. It is unrealistic to expect anything else because the elite interests that are so firmly entrenched in our society are not about to be undone by the party, or parties if you prefer it, that represent them.
‘Get out the vote' is a plea for continuance, certainly not a plea for a radical party, meaning not a real plea for change. An individual longing for change within the current system, i.e., no revolution, faces a choice of two infinitesimals. Voting for a radical, or withholding the vote. The wisest choice may be, learning from the Soviet experience, that it is best not to validate the system by participating in it. Even better may be the active choice of registering, going to the polls, and returning a blank ballot to signify the illegitimacy of a coercive election apparatus that essentially stifles radical party growth. Even better would be if blank ballots were categorized as such and counted. Like said, it's infinitesimal, but a universe started that way.
Imagine the panic that would set in when the number of blank ballots reached sufficiently high. Pressure from below. The only thing that has ever mattered. There is something here for game theorists. What if I return a blank ballot, but there is no cooperation and the wrong person is elected? No loss. Following described circumstances, the wrong person is always elected.
Following pageant tradition, each head of the Hydra will furiously gyrate its hips at us (an Arundhati Roy aphorism), promising better days ahead in return for the favor of a vote. And it will be up to us to believe them. Politicians don't always lie, and, for that matter, governments don't always lie. But they lie whenever they want!
If you changed every politician in Washington, not a single thing would change because Washington is but a figurehead. It takes its directions from Wall Street. Permanent control of the country rests in the hands of the private sector. Corporations would still run the show, fitting because they own it. All perfectly legal and operating amidst the most privacy. That's what private means. It's none of your business.
Get off this estate. What for? Because it's mine. Where did you get it? From my father. Where did they get it? From their father. And where did they get it? They fought for it. Well, I'll fight you for it. – Carl Sandburg
And things have never been better thanks to the decimation of organized labor. The labor union has been a big problem, according to the capitalist. Labor asks for too much. But management doesn't ask at all. Allowing for the worst excesses of the producer and the laborer, that is, assuming wrongs on the part of each, there is an ethical choice. Whose side would you rather be wrong on?
Healthcare costs would still rise in the drive to market new products. Maybe you've noticed the ads. It's your health (“promote the general welfare”), but it's a for-profit business. And it's getting bigger as the population ages so it has to show even greater profit because, you know, it's not nationalized. That can't be talked about. That's socialist, not capitalist.
The military would continue to be glorified in fighting its economic wars. It's a point in our late-stage imperialistic, capitalistic continuum. (For informative and insightful reading, consult Otto's Notebook, http://www.otto5.com/). No challenge to the Anglo-American capitalist model will be tolerated. That's what all the fighting is about. Our domination and protection of resources, markets, supply routes, and with that, the world economy. It has nothing to do with democracy, or freedom, or self-defense and plenty to do with double standards and hypocrisy.
About hypocrisy: A pre-scientific fable supposes a flat earth supported on the back of a turtle. That poses the question, what is supporting the turtle? It's turtles all the way down. How deep does US hypocrisy run? All the way down! Hypocrisy wear bars have yet to be developed.
Using the symbolism of the Occupy movement, our economic system is working against 99% of us, and for 1% of us. The 1% don't, and won't, need Medicare and Social Security. The 99% need both more than ever. We know which way the debate is going on this, just like we know where the control lies when Wall Street is bailed out to the tune of trillions of dollars, in a week's time at that, while the rest of the country, the 99%, goes wanting.
This or that president will make their face sincere in the camera and talk about the country we all love and share, the many blessings of freedom that we have because we have defended them in foreign wars, that we must keep defending with our lives in foreign wars.
This or that president will make their face sincere in the camera and invoke the deity to augment their flattering of the hardest working people on this Earth, the American people.
Meanwhile, some people get it, especially as they are feeling it. That the actions of the ruling elite reveal a certain contempt for these working people. Now a cynical person might say the citizen has value for the state in three ways. As soldier to further it, as voter to validate it, and as taxpayer to finance it. Well, you might say that.
~
respice ; adspice ; prospice ...
~
by James Rothenberg : jrothenberg@taconic.net
[Article copied verbatim under "Fair Use" from : http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article32386.htm ]
Run Walk Run: It began in 1974
I was asked to teach a class in beginning running a few months after opening my specialty running store, Phidippides in 1973. Through this class I saw an opportunity to help non-runners enjoy the benefits of running. Since business was slow at the store, I also wanted to increase the number of potential customers.
During the class I discovered that none of my students had been running for at least five years. About one third had never done any regularly scheduled exercise during their lifetime. During the first lap around the track I realized that walk breaks would be crucial if I wanted each class member to finish either a 5K or 10K without injury or exhaustion.
As I ran with each group, I focused on breathing rate. The “huff and puff” rule emerged: when you hear huffing and puffing, take more frequent walk breaks and slow the pace.
Throughout the first class, I adjusted the Run Walk Run amounts so that each person felt successful in completing the distance – which gradually increased during one run each week. Most admitted that they started to look forward to each run because of the improved attitude during and afterward.
At the end of the 10 week term was the “exam”: either a 5K or a 10K. Each student finished! When I polled each at the end I received my best reward: none of them had been injured!
During the next two years, I experimented with various ratios of walk breaks as I worked with beginning runners at my store. In 1976, Galloway Training Program began. I continued to find that walk breaks could almost eliminate injury.
Many of the veteran marathoners refused to take walk breaks at first. As the former beginners moved into longer distance events such as marathons, they continued to adjust to walk breaks and started to record faster times than the veterans. This led to the use of walk breaks in all pace groups.
Principles behind Run Walk Run:
• Continuous use of a muscle will result in quicker fatigue
• The longer the run segment, the more fatigue
• Run Walk Run is a form of interval training
• Conservation of resources
• Quicker recovery
• Less stress on the “weak links”
• Ability to enjoy endorphins
• Reduce core body temperature
The Galloway Run Walk Run method
• A smart way to run – by giving you congnitive control over each workout.
• Allows you to carry on all of your life activities – even after long runs
• Motivates beginners to get off of the couch and run
• Bestows running joy to non-stop runners who had given up
• Helps improve finish times in all races
• Gives all runners control over fatigue
• Delivers all of the running enhancements without exhaustion or pain
• Looking for coaching by Jeff? Get a customized training plan for as low as $98 for 6 months!
• Or experience the lifelong friendships that develop in Galloway Training Programs across the country!
Why do some runners have trouble taking walk breaks?
Research has shown that the lessons in the early school years are powerfully embedded in the subconscious brain. While it is natural to feel anxious and then receive negative hormones when we depart from these hard-wired patterns, concious actions can re-train this ancient brain. The cognitive focus on specific run segments/set amount of walks can hard-wire new patterns into the reflex brain. This gives you control over your attitude as you feel the positive results from using strategic walk breaks. Through the use of mantras and systematic actions, you empower the concious brain to take control. This frontal lobe component can over-ride the subconcious brain and retrain it to accept and embrace Run Walk Run.
Walk breaks…
• Speed you up: an average of 7 minutes faster in a 13.1-mile race when non-stop runners
shift to the correct Run Walk Run ratio – and more than 13 minutes faster in the marathon
• Give you control over the way you feel during and after
• Erase fatigue
• Push back your wall of exhaustion or soreness
• Allow for endorphins to collect during each walk break
• Break up the distance into manageable units
• Speed recovery
• Reduce the chance of aches, pains and injury
• Allow older or heavier runners to recover fast, and feel as good as in the younger (slimmer) days
• Activate the frontal lobe – maintaining your control over attitude and motivation
How to determine the right Run Walk Run ratio? Use the Magic Mile prediction tool.
Artist Laura Cesari has worked with a variety of media throughout their education and career. She's explored electronics and fashion and has studied with well-known quilt and bead artists. Them the latest endeavor is translating the universe into gorgeous jewelry. Them collection of astronomy-inspired necklaces immediately caught my attention over in the Makers Market, so I decided I needed to learn more about Laura's background, inspiration, and work combing the universe and beading.
How did you get started in jewelry making?
I started making beaded jewelry as a teenager. I worked in a local bead shop, and sold my jewelry designs at rock concerts. In college, I had the good fortune of studying decorative arts with radical bead artist Liza Lou, which opened for me the philosophy that beadwork is a fine art form. I've used craft materials and hardware materials in my artwork ever since then.
What is your favorite thing about the jewelry-making process?
I love the details in beadwork: each bead seems like a tiny work of art in itself. I like that the result is a wearable piece of art. The best gallery is the human body!
Where do you draw your inspiration?
Decorative and ornamental arts are a major source of inspiration for me. I love that art can show up in everyday places, like in clothing, jewelry, rugs, furniture, etc. Decorative arts are subtle, and always focused on beautifying the world (unlike the arena of fine art, where the concept of beauty is considered a “trend” — going in and out of style, taking turns with the grotesque and the disturbing).
I also draw a lot of inspiration from the materials I use. The idea for making the astrometry necklaces came about while I was looking at stone beads, and thinking they looked like miniature planets. I had a sudden need to look through my bead collection and found I had a decent enough selection of “planets” to make a solar system.
Then, I wondered if it would be possible or practical to use actual astrometric data with the planet beads, so I started looking up the distances between planets, and the distances of planetary orbits, and it turned out that many of the numbers translated very well into bead arrangements.
The distance between planets can be demonstrated in a linear string, or the orbit distances of neighboring planets can be used to create multi-strand necklaces, with the planets “orbiting” around the wearer's neck.
The inspiration for using actual data was likely based on my experiences teaching courses on information design, where we explore the art of displaying data. Beadwork seemed like a familiar and accessible way to communicate the abstract concepts of astrometric space and distance.
Almost all ancient and modern cultures create cosmograms, visual representations of the universe as we know it. Perhaps even more ancient is the use of decorative beads to symbolize prayers or sacred numbers. The astrometry necklaces serve as decorative cosmograms, wearable maps of our universe using the sacred numbers of our solar system.
Why do you focus on astronomy, and what do you hope to share with people by basing your work on astronomy?
Perspective. A consumer culture makes it so easy to have a crisis of perspective about what we feel we should have and be. Considering perspective is one of the most valuable meditation tools we have.
When I look at the vastness of space, it reminds me that I'm a very small part of a much larger existence, that there are an infinite number of people, things, and possibilities out there.
What's your favorite craft tool and why?
Needlenose pliers are essential for making beaded necklaces and working with wire. They provide a serious boost to dexterity for any small-scale task.
What's the one thing people must know about you and your work?
I devote my energy to making the universe beautiful. The universe deserves it!
Links:
Laura's shop in the Maker's Market
Laura's art
Laura's commercial work
Laura's Fire Skirt Tutorial that was presented at Maker Faire Bay Area 2007
Laura's Glow Bead Kit, available in the Maker Shed
Room Persistence Library Part of Android Jetpack
The Room persistence library provides an abstraction layer over SQLite to allow for more robust database access while harnessing the full power of SQLite.
The library helps you create a cache of your app's data on a device that's running your app. This cache, which serves as your app's single source of truth, allows users to view a consistent copy of key information within your app, regardless of whether users have an internet connection.
Note: To import Room into your Android project, see the room release notes
Additional resources
For a guide on applying Room's capabilities to your app's data storage persistence solution, see the Room training guide.
For a hands-on experience, try the Android Room with a View and Android Persistence codelabs.
The room persistence library is used in the Sunflower demo app.
To browse more Room code samples, see the Android Architecture Components samples.
Advertisement Judge rejects bid to delay Tsarnaev trial over Paris attacks Jury selection continues in Boston Marathon bombing Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Jury selection will continue in Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's trial after a federal judge on Wednesday rejected the Boston Marathon bombing suspect's bid to suspend it because of the Paris terror attacks.Individual questioning of prospective jurors begins Thursday.Tsarnaev's lawyers argued in a motion filed Tuesday that the French terror attacks had placed the marathon bombings "at the center of a grim global drama." They said delaying jury selection would allow some time "for the extraordinary prejudice flowing from these events - and the comparison of those events to those at issue in this case - to diminish."Judge George O'Toole Jr. denied the motion Wednesday, writing that their review of jury questionnaires filled out last week "has so far confirmed, rather than undermined, my judgment that a fair and impartial jury can and will be chosen to determine the issues in this case."Jury selection began last week with more than 1,350 prospective jurors being asked to fill out lengthy questionnaires.The Paris attacks began Jan. 7, the third day of jury selection in Tsarnaev's trial, when two brothers burst into the offices of the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo and shot 12 people to death. A total of 17 people, including four hostages, were killed over three days. The brothers, Cherif and Said Kouachi, and a third gunman were killed by police.In the marathon case, authorities say Tsarnaev and their older brother, Tamerlan Tsarnaev, planned and carried out the attack as retaliation for U.S. wars in Muslim countries. Three people were killed and more than 260 were wounded when twin bombs exploded at the finish line April 15, 2013.Tamerlan was killed in a shootout with police days after the bombings. Dzhokhar, 21, could face the death penalty if convicted.
0 Obama to visit Charlotte to discuss women in workplace
CHARLOTTE - When Towanda Long started their blog for working moms on work-life balance, they never imagined it would get them a front row seat for a town hall meeting at Imaginon with the president on Wednesday.
“I'm definitely excited…looking forward to it!,” Long said Tuesday. They have three daughters and holds down a full-time job, and they want to make sure the president hears what they have to say.
“I would love to know what people in the Obama administration do for work-life balance.”
The issue that is likely to take up most of the agenda here is equal pay for women.
A recent report shows that on average, women in the workplace make only about 78 cents for every dollar a man makes in the same job.
While he's not running in 2016, the president knows it will be a hot-button issue in an election where candidates on both sides will be trying to appeal to women voters, and they figure to get some tough questions on it on Wednesday.
But it's not the only tough question he's likely to face.
Lena Gott is an accountant and a stay-at-home mom. She's also a blogger who calls themselves conservative and instead of equal pay they want to ask the president about the growing cost of entitlements.
“What's going to happen when the country cannot afford to pay those programs...in addition to everything else that we fund?” they asked Tuesday.
The event is scheduled to start at 2:30 p.m. at the Imaginon library.
President Obama will visit Charlotte Wednesday to talk to about 50 people about families and women in the workplace.
Workers have started getting the Spangler Library inside ImaginOn ready for the presidential visit.
Report: NC gender gap for equal pay among smallest in nation
“We are bringing cooks, we are bringing home decorators. We are bringing people who are working every day,” said Lisa Stone, who started a nonpartisan blog for women called BlogHer.
Stone, who will come from California to moderate the meeting, said the issue that figures to dominate the discussion is equal pay for women in the workplace.
“I was not surprised, because the issue of equal pay is crossing party lines and of enormous interest to our community,” Stone said.
They will help select the audience from about 100 bloggers in the Charlotte area who post on their blog site.
Obama's visit will come just days after Hillary Clinton announced their presidential candidacy. A discussion of women's issues in what has been a swing state for the last two elections may be no coincidence.
“When you talk about equal pay, this is a bread-and-butter daily issue that affects people on a daily basis,” said Dr. Eric Heberlig, a political science professor at UNC Charlotte.
The presidential visit will create some traffic issues for several hours on Wednesday.
Police are planning for the visit, which will start with the president landing at 1:50 p.m. and end with their departure just before 5 p.m. Police will close streets to clear the way for the motorcade to and from uptown Charlotte.
Follow the converstation on Twitter using #ObamaInCLT
“We will do so on a rolling basis, so we'll try not to keep a road closed unless necessary. Otherwise we will try to open and close it as they roll through,” Deputy Chief Jeff Estes said.
Estes said some areas around ImaginOn in uptown Charlotte might be closed to pedestrians as well.
Vice President Joe Biden was in Charlotte in February for an event regarding transportation.
Biden spoke with Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx, who was formerly the mayor of Charlotte.
Read more top trending stories on wsoctv.com:
A homeless man accused of stripping the wedding ring from a dying good Samaritan at the Hollywood MAX station made their first court appearance Monday, three days after their arrest.
George Elwood Tschaggeny, 51, walked from a door of the jail into a glass enclosure in the courtroom. They immediately turned their back to Multnomah County Circuit Judge Leslie Bottomly and news cameras.
Wearing a jail uniform, they didn't make any statements or enter any pleas to the charges against him: abuse of a corpse, second-degree theft, identity theft and tampering with physical evidence.
Police say Tschaggeny took advantage of the commotion moments after the May 26 knife attacks by stealing from Ricky Best, 53, as they lay bleeding. Best's memorial service was held earlier in the day.
Tschaggeny is being held in the Multnomah County jail system in lieu of $100,000 bail. Circuit Judge Nan Waller agreed to raise bail from the standard $17,500 called for under Oregon law for the allegations Tschaggeny faces.
Tschaggeny was arrested a week after police say Jeremy Christian, 35, fatally stabbed Best and another good Samaritan, Taliesin Namkai-Meche, 23. Best and Namkai-Meche suffered wounds to the neck after Christian shouted racist and Islamophobic rants at two teenage girls and the two men intervened. A third man, Micah Fletcher, 21, also intervened and suffered a stab wound to the neck, but survived.
Last Thursday, six days after the attack, police announced that an unidentified man had stolen Best's wedding ring, backpack and wallet, which included phone numbers precious to the family. Police asked the public's help in finding the man. They released a surveillance video at the Hollywood MAX station, showing a man with long blond hair and a black baseball cap leaving the train carrying two bags.
Hours after the announcement, police arrested Tschaggeny thanks to a tip from a Domino's Pizza employee who recognized Tschaggeny from the video and directed officers to a small homeless camp near Cesar Chavez Boulevard and Interstate 84.
A probable-cause affidavit states that Tschaggeny was wearing Best's wedding ring on their pinky finger. Police also recovered Best's backpack, but said they didn't find Best's wallet. Tschaggeny had Best's credit cards, which were removed from Best's wallet, the affidavit states.
The affidavit states that video reviewed by police showed Tschaggeny "attending to Ricky Best at and during their death." Tschaggeny admitted that when they took Best's possessions, Best was already dead, the affidavit states.
Tschaggeny's next court date is scheduled for June 13.
-- Aimee Green
Chu ran in the 32nd congressional district special election for the seat that was vacated by Hilda Solis after they were confirmed as Barack Obama's U.S. Secretary of Labor in 2009. [5] They defeated Republican candidate Betty Tom Chu and Libertarian candidate Christopher Agrella in a runoff election on July 14, 2009. [6] Chu was redistricted to the 27th District in 2012, but was still re-elected to a third term, defeating Republican challenger Jack Orswell.
Local politics Edit
Chu in 2007, while still a member of the Board of Equalization
Chu's first elected position was Board Member for the Garvey School District in Rosemead, California in 1985. In 1988 they were elected to the city council of Monterey Park, where they served as mayor for three terms.[4][9] They ran for the California State Assembly in 1994, but lost the Democratic primary to Diane Martinez; in 1998, they lost the primary to Gloria Romero.
Chu was elected to the State Assembly on May 15, 2001, following a special election after Romero was elected to the State Senate. They were elected to a full term in 2002 and was reelected in 2004. The district includes Alhambra, El Monte, Duarte, Monterey Park, Rosemead, San Gabriel, San Marino and South El Monte, within Los Angeles County.[10]
Barred by term limits from running for a third full term in 2006, Chu was elected to the State Board of Equalization from the 4th District, representing most of Los Angeles County.
U.S. House of Representatives Edit
Elections Edit
2009
Chu decided to run for the 2009 special election for the California's 32nd congressional district after U.S. Congresswoman Hilda Solis was appointed to become President Barack Obama's U.S. Secretary of Labor. Chu led the field in the May 19 special election. However, due to the crowded nature of the primary (eight Democrats and four Republicans filed) they only got 32% of the vote, well short of the 50% vote needed to win outright.[11] In the run-off election, they defeated Republican Betty Chu (her cousin-in-law and a then-Monterey Park City Councilwoman) 62%–33%.[6][12]
2010
Chu was heavily favored due to the district's heavy Democrat tilt and with a Cook Partisan Voting Index of D+15, it is one of the safest Democratic districts in the nation. They won re-election to their first full term with 71% of the vote.[13]
2012
In August 2011, Chu decided to run in the newly redrawn California's 27th congressional district.[14] The district has the second highest percentage of Asian Americans in the state with 37%, behind the newly redrawn 17th CD which is 50% Asian.[15] Registered Democrats make up 42% of the district. Obama won the district with 63% in the 2008 presidential. Jerry Brown won with 55% in the 2010 gubernatorial election.[16][17] Representative Chu won re-election by defeating Republican Jack Orswell 64% to 36%.[18]
2014
Chu won reelection over Republican Jack Orswell by a 59.4% to 40.6% margin.[19]
2016
Chu won reelection over Republican Jack Orswell by a 67.4% to 32.6% margin.[20]
2018
Chu won reelection over Democrat Bryan Witt by a 79.2% to 20.8% margin,[21], in one of a handful of districts in California that featured only Democrats on its midterm ballot .[22]
Tenure Edit
Chu was sworn into office on July 16, 2009.
Immigration
Chu believes that the immigration system is outdated and in need of reform. They have worked to pass the Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act (H.R. 15). They strongly support the DREAM Act and has worked for its passage. They have introduced the Protect Our Workers from Exploitation and Retaliation Act (POWER Act, or H.R. 2169), introduced to stop disreputable employers from exploiting immigrants.[23]
In July 2015, Chu went before Congress to speak out against what they see as the "shocking" treatment of women and children held in for-profit detention facilities in the U.S. Comparing them to Japanese internment camps, Chu states the prolonged detention re-traumatizes families, breaks apart the parent-child relationship, and has serious cognitive effects on children.[24]
On December 6, 2017, Chu was arrested during a protest outside of the U.S. Capitol.[25]
Abortion
Chu cosponsored the Global Sexual and Reproductive Health Act of 2010 which authorizes the President of the United States to support measures providing abortions and other reproduction assistance to women in developing countries. In 2010, Chu voting against measures proposed by the U.S. House of Representatives to strip government funding to Planned Parenthood, and opposed restricting federal funding of abortions.[26][27] Chu has received ratings of 100 from all Pro-Choice affiliates including Planned Parenthood Affiliates of California in 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, and 2006.[28] They have also received ratings of 100 from the NARAL pro-choice California in 2003, 2004, 2005, and 2006 [28] while receiving very low ratings given by Pro-Life organizations in 2003, 2004, 2005, and 2006.[28]
Budget
In 2009, Chu voted to increase the debt ceiling to $12.394 trillion. In 2010, Chu voted to increase the debt ceiling to $14.294 trillion. In January 2011, they voted against a bill to reduce spending on non-security items to fiscal year 2008 levels. In 2011, Chu voted against the Budget Control Act of 2011, which incrementally raised the debt ceiling.[29]
Defense of Civil Liberties
Chu opposed the "See Something, Say Something Act of 2011," which provides "immunity for reports of suspected terrorist activity or suspicious behavior and response." They said, "if a person contacts law enforcement about something based solely on someone's race, religion, ethnicity, or national origin, they would not receive immunity from civil lawsuits."[30][31]
On July 24, 2013, the United States House of Representatives voted on Amendment 100 to the H.R. 2397 Department of Defense Appropriations Act of 2014 which, if passed, would have ended the authority for the blanket collection of records under the Patriot Act.[32] Chu voted "Aye" to pass amendment 100 and end the blanket collection authority; however, the amendment did not pass with the "Noes" blocking the amendment 217-205.[33]
Internet policy
In 2011, Rep. Chu became a co-sponsor of Bill H.R.3261 otherwise known as the Stop Online Piracy Act.[34]
Apology for the Chinese Exclusion Act
On June 18, 2012, the United States House of Representatives passed a resolution, introduced by Congresswoman Chu, that formally expresses the regret of the House of Representatives for the Chinese Exclusion Act, which imposed almost total restrictions on Chinese immigration and naturalization and denied Chinese-Americans basic freedoms because of their ethnicity. This was only the fourth time that the U.S. Congress issued an apology to a group of people.[35]
Ethics
In June 2011 the House Ethics Committee began an investigation after receiving information suggesting that two of Chu's top aides had directed staffers to do campaign tasks during regular work hours. In the course of the investigation it was found that Chu had sent two emails to their staff on how to respond to aspects of the Ethics Committee's inquiry. While the Committee found no evidence to support that Chu was aware of the actions of their staff, they did find that the emails represented actions that interfered with the committee's investigation of the matter, and on December 11, 2014, Rep. Chu was formally reprimanded by the House Ethics Committee for interfering with their investigation of their office.[36][37]
Advocating People's Mujahedin of Iran
In 2015, The Intercept published an investigative work by Ali Gharib and Eli Clifton, assisted in part by the work of independent researcher Joanne Stocker, indicating that Chu received $11,150 from the People's Mujahedin of Iran (MEK) between January 2009 and September 2012, when the MEK was listed a Foreign Terrorist Organization.  They are an advocate of the MEK.[38]
Committee assignments Edit
Chu and husband Mike Eng, with Nancy Pelosi, at Chu's Swearing In ceremony for the U.S. House of Representatives
[28]
By Tom James
(Reuters) - The case against four Los Angeles County social workers accused of child abuse in the beating death of an 8-year-old boy under their supervision can move ahead, a judge ruled Monday.
Judge Mary Lou Villar found that sufficient evidence existed to charge the four in the death of Gabriel Fernandez, who was found dead at their mother's home in 2013. Prosecutors previously alleged that the two social workers and two supervisors minimized the abuse Fernandez suffered, despite routine visits to their Los Angeles-area home and warnings from their teacher that they were in danger.
Stefanie Rodriguez and Patricia Clement, social workers for the Department of Children and Family Services, and supervisors Kevin Bom and Gregory Merritt all face one count each of child abuse, as well as tampering charges over accusations that they falsified reports of escalating abuse of the boy.
Fernandez was found dead in May 2013 with injuries that included a fractured skull, broken ribs and burns over their body.
James Barnes, the attorney for Gregory Merritt, called the prosecution of social workers for harm done to a child by parents "unprecedented" in a phone interview Monday.
“It has serious consequences for anyone who practices as a social worker not only in Los Angeles County but across the country,” they said, because it could expose social workers to criminal liability, and in social care “no one has a crystal ball.”
Fernandez's mother, Pearl Fernandez, and their boyfriend, Isauro Aguirre, were charged in 2014 with murder in the child's beating death. The trials for the pair have not yet been scheduled.
The Los Angeles County District Attorney's office did not release a statement Monday, and a spokesperson declined to make any of the attorneys working on the case available for interview.The social workers and their supervisors will reappear in court on April 3.
(Reporting by Tom James in Seattle; Editing by Patrick Enright and Leslie Adler)
By Dr. Mercola
If you're like many Americans, when you think of farm subsidies you think of rolling green pastures, fields of golden wheat and corn, and a hillside full of cattle peacefully meandering through the grass. The farmer, a "salt of the earth" type with weathered skin, depends on their farm subsidy to keep food on their table and, more importantly, to keep their farm afloat, allowing for the rest of the population to put food on their tables too. This is how it should be -- but this is not reality.
Millionaires Receive the Majority of Farm Subsidies
A more accurate picture, as summarized concisely in the Organic Consumers Association video above, is this: those "real" farmers, the ones who truly need it, receive only a few thousand dollars a year, maybe less, while the rest serves to line the pockets of the millionaire "farmers" who own massive factory farms and who have probably rarely spent a day with their hands in the dirt. According to the Environmental Working Group (EWG),i between 1995 and 2010: 10 percent of farmers collected 74 percent of all subsidies, amounting to nearly $166 billion over 16 years
62 percent of U.S. farmers did not collect subsidy payments
The bottom 80 percent of recipients averaged just $587 a year Now, if you look at the leading recipients of commodity subsidies, you'll see the highest earners received payments numbering in the hundreds of millions from 1995-2010 for the top three! Unfortunately, the USDA is far from transparent with their subsidy data, and EWG was not able to track down who is actually receiving this money, as recipients of payments made through most cooperatives, and the amounts, have not been made public. However, as EWG explained, it is clear that many of the recipients are not exactly losing their shirts over a dip in market prices for grain:ii As critics have put it, this is essentially giving "welfare to millionaires."
" … despite lawmakers' boasts of enacting major reforms in the 2008 farm bill, the new data clearly show that wealthy absentee landowners and mega farms awash in record income are once again the main beneficiaries of federal farm programs – while struggling family farmers go begging. And once again, the database shows that many farm subsidy recipients get those fat government checks at addresses in New York City, Miami, Chicago and Los Angeles – not exactly farm country, and a far cry from the programs' original intent. … The database revealed, for example, that Florida real estate developer Maurice Wilder, reportedly worth $500 million, was pulling in almost $1 million a year in farm subsidies for corn farms they own in several states."
And Then There are the Recipients Who are Not Even Farmers at All …
The absurdity of federal farm subsidies gets worse still, as even non-farmers who moved into residential areas that once were farmland have received farm subsidy payments from the government, as have wealthy farmers who have received annual payments even when they are no longer growing the subsidized crop. In 2008, the "actively engaged" rule was put forth specifically to nip this type of fraud in the bud. As its name implies, only those who are "actively engaged" in farming are supposed to be receiving the subsidies. But, alas, when EWG released its updated database in 2011, they found no changes to the status quo:iii "Despite this rule, subsidies still line the pockets of absentee landowners and investors living in every major American city. In 2010, 7,767 residents of just five Texas cities – Lubbock, Amarillo, Austin, San Angelo and Corpus Christi – collected $61,748,945 in taxpayer-funded subsidies. Residents of Lubbock booked $24,839,154 in payments, putting it at the top of cities with 100,000+ populations that are home to farm subsidy recipients. The phenomenon of urban residents receiving federal farm payments remains widespread and coast-to-coast."
Advertisement
Mega-Farms Receive Fixed Annual Cash Payments, Whether They Need Them or Not
You may also be surprised to learn that while farm subsidies initially were created to protect staple crops during times of war, reduce crop surpluses and provide monetary support to farmers when crop prices fell, today mega-farms receive subsidies whether they need them or not. The transition away from a needs-based system came in 1996, when lawmakers developed a "market transition" payment system for farmers. The idea was to phase out the subsidies over a seven-year transition period, during which farmers would receive an annual fixed cash payment based upon the number of acres on the farm (these direct payments were given as long as the land was not developed -- even if nothing was planted). Of course, this ensures that the largest farms also receive the largest payments, and contrary to its original intent, the payments have not declined annually nor has the program gone away. It still exists today. EWG reported:iv "Farm programs turned into a cash crop for big agribusinesses, which co-opted federal policy and turned it into a perennial giveaway that disproportionately benefits large landowners and wealthy farm operations. And that remains the reality today. The industrial agriculture lobby has been defending the controversial "direct payment" form of taxpayer-funded subsidies ever since they were first authorized. These fixed, automatic checks go out every year to the largest growers of commodity crops, such as corn and cotton, whether farmers need them or not and despite the fact that farm household income has eclipsed average U.S. household income. Farm income for the largest operations, in particular, has soared sky high."
Subsidies Support Junk Food Diets, Chronic Disease and Environmentally Devastating CAFOs
The farm subsidy program is upside down not only in which farmers it chooses to support, but also in which foods it funds. Have you ever noticed that it's often cheaper to buy a loaf of bread than a pound of broccoli or even a pound of ground beef than a similar amount of green peppers? Or have you wondered how you can get a value meal at numerous fast-food restaurants for far less money than it takes to purchase foods to make a healthy meal, such as organic chicken and fresh veggies, for your family at home? Perhaps this disparity has struck you as odd. After all, what makes vegetables more expensive than bread or meat? It's clearly nothing inherent to their growing requirements. Instead, it's the direct result of government farm subsidies, which favor the very foods you should eat less of if you want to stay healthy. The top four most heavily subsidized foods? Corn, wheat, soybeans and rice. By subsidizing these, particularly corn and soy, the U.S. government is actively supporting a diet that consists of these grains in their processed form, namely high fructose corn syrup (HFCS), soybean oil, and grain-fed cattle – all of which are now well-known contributors to obesity and chronic diseases. Many of these subsidized grain crops are also used for animal feed, animals raised on confined animal feeding operations (CAFOs). As it stands, 2 percent of U.S. livestock facilities produce 40 percent of farm animals,v and these large, corporate-owned CAFOs have been highly promoted as the best way to produce food for the masses (beef is also the seventh most heavily subsidized food). In reality, it has lead to an abundance of cheap food, but not without serious consequences: Loss of water quality through nitrogen and phosphorus contamination in rivers, streams and ground water (which contributes to "dramatic shifts in aquatic ecosystems and hypoxic zones")
Agricultural pesticide contamination to streams, ground water and wells, and safety concerns to agricultural workers who use them
A decline in nutrient density of 43 garden crops (primarily vegetables, which suggests "possible tradeoffs between yield and nutrient content)
Large emission of greenhouse gases including carbon dioxide and nitrous oxide
Negative impact on soil quality through such factors as erosion, compaction, pesticide application and excessive fertilization A classic video on the U.S. government's fatally flawed agricultural subsidy programs, and how they affect your nutritional choices and health, is "How to Get Fat Without Really Trying" with Peter Jennings. Although it's several years old and Peter has passed away, the video still speaks the truth because virtually nothing has changed. If anything, the situation has actually worsened.
Help Prompt Change by Supporting Small Organic Farmers
It may be tempting to buy the cheap foods that the government is "paying you" to eat … but this choice will come back to haunt you in the form of health problems and increased medical bills later on. Try as they may, industry lobbyists still cannot force you to buy subsidized junk foods and foods raised in unhealthy "agribusiness" conditions. The choice is entirely yours, and consumer demand will always win eventually, so the more you demand healthy, unadulterated foods, the more they must produce, one way or another. I strongly encourage you to support small family farms in your area, especially those that are embracing organic and traditional farming practices. These are the real farmers who need your support, and who are growing food that will nurture your health instead of harm it.
References:
SWORD OF ZORK
The most famous of many elfin swords, known widely as the Sword of Zork, but has also been referred to as both Glamdring and Orcrist. Like any other elfin sword, the blade glowed blue when near the presence of danger (the brighter the glow, the closer the danger), but the powerful Sword of Zork infected its wielder with a powerful inspiring energy that propelled them to do battle against a foe, as if it were making the decision to enter combat apart from the will of the wielder. Regardless of its condition, the sword is unbreakable. This bejeweled sword is also renowned because of its many historical journeys, including the defeat of many trolls.For many generations, this fabled sword had been thought to have been lost, until Bivotar and Juranda found the ancient blade of elvish workmanship after their escape from the 200 year imprisonment by Krill, shortly after the fall of the Empire in 883 GUE. On a quest to bring the blade to Syovar the Strong, Bivotar wielded it to dispatch a troll in the Dungeon of Zork. Once in the hands of King Syovar, the potent blade was plunged into the heart of Krill and made have been the only one capable of defeating the evil warlock. Following the victorious battle, the Sword of Zork was set on hooks about the trophy case in the White House, which was owned by Lord Ellron in those days.In 948 GUE, this sword was taken from the White House and wielded by the Second Dungeon Master as they descended into the depths of the Dungeon of Zork to gain the title. Along the way the blade was used to dispatch another troll, and to engage in a combat of trial against the First Dungeon Master.After being passed down from generations of simple peasants and adventurers for centuries, Moadikum Moodock of East Shanbar gained possession of the sword in the early 1600s. During those days the sword was said to have been blessed in every generation by the Holy Woman of Bel Naire. The dwarven miners claimed the legendary sword as their own even though it was formally owned by the elves, even renaming it the Dwarven Sword of Zork.In 1647 GUE, when Moadikum relinquished the Sword of Zork to the unknown Sweepstakes Winner, it was in a terrible rusty condition. This human had the sword refined by the Shanbar blacksmith and used it for many purposes on the quest to defeat Morphius, including the sundering of a boar statue to regain a piece of the Flying Disc of Frobozz, striking zorkmid trees, prying magnets, cutting giant spider webs, and dispatching an entire clan of trolls. The Sweepstakes Winner also brought the blade to the Holy Woman of Bel Naire for a blessing, which once blessed, caught the eyes of the dwarves of whose aid was essential against Morphius.
Home Office officials were refusing to comment on Saturday evening on an apparently botched effort to deport a seriously ill man from Britain by private plane. A jet chartered by the government was forced to return to the UK with Nigerian Isa Muazu and immigration officials still on board, after a 20-hour flight that saw the plane prevented from entering Nigerian airspace. It diverted to Malta, where an angry dispute broke out with the authorities over the plane's right to use its airstrip.
The aircraft then had to return to Britain, landing at Luton, where Muazu, a failed asylum seeker who was said last week to have been near death after a 100-day hunger strike, was taken off by stretcher and returned to Harmondsworth detention centre near Heathrow. The flight is estimated to have cost the Home Office £95,000- £110,000. Muazu was the only detainee on board, according to sources.
On Saturday night lawyers and supporters of 47-year-old Muazu, who has won support from numerous politicians, human rights groups and celebrities, were trying to stop a second deportation. "It's an unbelievable fiasco and we are very worried about their health.  They are very weak," said one.
Lord Roberts, a Liberal Democrat peer, told the Observer they were delighted Muazu was back in the UK but horrified that they had been forced to endure the attempted removal. "I saw them on Tuesday when a doctor had judged them too sick to fly," they said. "Goodness knows what state they must be in now the poor man. They need hospital treatment. We should know the cost of this private jet. We've already heard this case has cost some £180,000.
"[The home secretary] Theresa May must consider their role immediately. They have caused immense harm to one individual and spent an extraordinary amount of taxpayers' money. I hope there will be no question of sending this poor man away again."
The Home Office has used private jets for at least two previous deportations. One was the return of hate cleric Abu Qatada to Jordan in July.
Sources at the detention centre said that staff "were horrified" at Muazu's medical condition. Doctors at the centre have six times ruled that they are too ill to be held there, while staff were put on notice of "an imminent death", believed to be that of Muazu, last week.
A letter from Roberts to the home secretary appealing for clemency for Muazu was co-signed by a group of cross-party MPs and peers. After it was revealed on Wednesday that a ticket had been booked on a flight to Abuja, the Nigerian capital, Lib Dem MP Sarah Teather called on Virgin Atlantic to refuse to accept Muazu on the plane due to the concerns about their health.
On Saturday night Teather said they were "truly, truly, appalled" at the treatment of Muazu. "To put a well man through this kind of stress and journey would be bad enough, but to do it to a man in such a desperate condition? Well done, Theresa May, you proved your toughness at the expense of your humanity. This should give everyone pause for thought. I cannot see why this was in anyone's interest.
"That the government is rushing to deport a man prepared to starve themselves to death rather than be returned says everything about the culture of disbelief towards individuals fleeing persecution that is a defining characteristic of the UK's asylum process," they told Politics.co.uk.
"I find it hard to believe that a man who has refused to eat for over 90 days is playing the system and being wilfully manipulative. These are the actions of a desperate man who clearly fears for their safety should they be returned to Nigeria."
John Packer, the bishop of Ripon and Leeds, had also spoken against the deportation, saying Muazu was in clear danger in their native country after defying the terror group Boko Haram by refusing to join their ranks.
Award-winning actors, theatre directors, playwrights, lawyers, leading NGOs and community organisations have also written to May to appeal on behalf of the hunger striker.
Actors Juliet Stevenson, Dame Harriet Walter, Cush Jumbo, Khalid Abdalla, playwright Howard Brenton, author Stella Duffy and comedians Mark Thomas and Daniel Kitson, joined campaign groups including Liberty, Reprieve and Amnesty International in signing the letter.
• This article was amended on 5 December 2013. An earlier version misspelled Isa Muazu's name as Ifa Muaza.
By: Victoria Mitchell | Royal Oak Review | Published November 10, 2016
A video showing students chanting, "Build the wall," at Royal Oak Middle School has gone viral on Facebook. Photo by Victoria Mitchell
Advertisement
Advertisement
ROYAL OAK — Royal Oak Schools Superintendent Shawn Lewis-Lakin released a statement in response to an incident that went viral via Facebook video of a small group of Royal Oak Middle School students chanting, “Build the wall,” the day after Donald Trump was elected president.
The mantra became popular during the Trump campaign regarding their plans on immigration to build a wall between the United States and Mexico.
“We are committed to providing a safe, secure and supportive learning environment for all students. We addressed this incident when it occurred. We are addressing it today. We are working with our students to help them understand the impact of their words and actions on others in their school community,” Lewis-Lakin said in the statement.
The statement went on to say, “Our school district and each building in it works every day to be a welcoming community for all, inclusive and caring, where all students know they are valued, safe and supported.”
Royal Oak Police Department Criminal Investigations Division Lt. Keith Spencer said the department did send officers to the school Nov. 10.
“We are aware of that video and did have officers at the school this morning,” Spencer said. “We received some calls from concerned parents about the comments that were made in response to that video.”
The chant happened Nov. 9 during the seventh-grade lunch period.
As of the morning of Nov. 10, the post had nearly 1 million views, 3,500 comments and was shared 24,088 times.
The post from Dee Perez-Scott said, “This happened today at Royal Oak Middle School in Royal Oak Michigan. It is so sad. Latino children were crying. The taunts, the ‘Build that Wall' with such bullying power and hate from children to children. Just Horrifying!”
As of press time, the video was removed, but not before it was widely shared.
They attached the video showing the chant coming from what appears to be a small group in the lunchroom.
Comments on the post ranged from those horrified by the implications it has on minority students to those defending Trump's proposed policies, to someone saying they were shocked this would happen in Royal Oak, a community known for supporting liberal views.
In the video's absence, Perez-Scott wrote: “The bullying and racial profiling didn't start 3 days ago when this video was posted. The bullying has been going on for weeks/months. The bullying has to stop. The parents of the bullied students went to the administrators for weeks and were promised they ‘took care of it.' However the bullying continued. The only time the bullying-racial profiling was actually addressed was when the video was posted to FB.”
Parent Jennifer Tesch said they want it known this is not the first time students have been bullied in the school because of race. They support the district and the school, but said racial bullying must stop, and they hope this will bring change.
“I generally love the district completely,” they said last week. “I think they are a great school system. I think their education level is great. I just don't know why this hasn't been handled differently.”
But Tesch said this is not one community's problem.
“This is not just the Royal Oak district. I don't want it to seem like we are such a horrible district,” they said. “This is happening nationwide. It is a districtwide, statewide, nationwide problem.”
Tesch said the district should use this as a valuable teaching moment about racism and bigotry, which is a nationwide dialogue right now.
The mom is not satisfied with a statement sent by the superintendent and a video message by the principal saying all kids would be talked to throughout the day in various classes about what happened.
In the video message played throughout the school on Nov. 10, Royal Oak Middle School Principal Todd Noonan said the incident was unacceptable and that everyone is welcome in their community of learners.
“We build bridges, we work together, we push each other, respect each other, we help each other. This is who we are,” they said.
Noonan discussed what role the incident will play in their growth.
“Let's learn from our worst and grow to be our best,” they said.
At the conclusion of their YouTube video, the principal invited teachers and other educators in the building to join the students for lunch for meaningful discussions about what happened.
As of press time, it was not known if anyone would be reprimanded for the incident. An adult was shown in the video while the chant occurred.
“Because of the strong emotions and intensity of rhetoric that the posting of this incident to social media has elicited, we have had families express concern regarding student safety,” Lewis-Lakin stated. “Know that we work with our partners in law enforcement on responding to any and all threats that have been or will be made involving our students or schools.”
Lewis-Lakin went on to say, “Indeed, in responding to this election — we need to hear each other's stories, not slogans, we need to work towards understanding, not scoring points, and we need to find a way to move forward that respects and values each and every member of our community.
“We will be working on this in school today. Please work on this with us.”
Advertisement
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A deadly Australian redback spider - that can kill a human with one bite - has been found in a back garden in KENT.
The venomous creature is one of the few spiders that can be seriously harmful to humans and displays sexual cannibalism while mating.
One reportedly killed dad-of-five John Francis Kennedy in September this year in Ireland after a bite led to their stomach and testicles swelling.
The redback spider, which is related to the even-more-deadly black widow, were responsible for at least 14 deaths in Australia before the introduction of antivenom.
Now in safe custody with animal expert Wayne May at the Artisan Rare Breeds Centre, the creature was spotted in Dartford, in Kent.
Sometimes known as the 'toilet spider', redbacks can be commonly found living under toilet seats.
Mr May was contacted by a female dog walker who discovered the spider on a fence close to the Dartford Crossing.
They say they went to collect it after a hazy picture confirmed their suspicions it was an Australian redback.
The creature will now be taken to Wingham Wildlife Park, near Canterbury, in Kent.
Mr May, 43, said: "I was surprised because they can't survive in this climate, it is quite incredible.
"I read about them a few weeks ago, I phoned the police because it is quite toxic and potentially very dangerous. It's only the second time I've called officers."
Although the spider did not use any venom, the creature did frighten Mr May's mother Maureen.
They added: "She doesn't like spiders, they break out in a cold sweat when they look at them."
The rare breeds centre specialises in the conservation of endangered livestock and poultry.
Intrigued by spider stories? Check this one out.
The email exchange between Noam Chomsky and Sam Harris was a truly ugly encounter that saw Harris attempt to engage Chomsky civilly, only to be rebuffed with relentlessly high handed dismissals and an astonishing refusal to engage Harris on some important issues that would have been enlightening for admirers of both men.
Intellectuals Noam Chomsky and Sam Harris engaged in a rather nasty email spat that has been doing the rounds on the interwebs over the past few days after Harris made the exchange public on their website. Harris summed up the purpose of the exchange on their site:
Last week, I did my best to engineer a public conversation with Chomsky about the ethics of war, terrorism, state surveillance, and related topics. As readers of the following email exchange will discover, I failed. I've decided to publish this private correspondence, with Chomsky's permission, as a cautionary tale. Clearly, they and I have drawn different lessons from what was, unfortunately, an unpleasant and fruitless encounter. I will let readers draw lessons of their own.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
What transpired was a truly ugly encounter that saw Harris attempt to engage Chomsky in good faith, only to be rebuffed with relentlessly high handed dismissals and an astonishing refusal to engage Harris on some important issues that would have been enlightening for admirers of both men.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Harris tried to engage Chomsky civilly from the beginning, but after sending Chomsky a passage from their book written in response to 9/11 , The End of Faith (2004), the MIT professor basically descended into name calling and refused to take anything Harris said seriously. The passage Harris sent criticized Chomsky for equating Western crimes with 9/11, in particular the Clinton administration's bombing of the Al-Shifa pharmaceuticals plant in Sudan in August 1998, which according to Chomsky, was demonstrably a worse crime than Al Qaeda's deliberate targeting of civilians. Clinton had mistakenly believed that the plant was a chemical weapons site used by Al Qaeda and bombed it, not only killing one person and wounding eleven, but destroying the major source of vital medical supplies that inadvertently killed thousands of people. Wrote Harris in response to this assertion:
Let us now ask some very basic questions that Chomsky seems to have neglected to ask himself: What did the U.S. government think it was doing when it sent cruise missiles into Sudan? Destroying a chemical weapons site used by Al Qaeda. Did the Clinton administration intend to bring about the deaths of thousands of Sudanese children? No. Was our goal to kill as many Sudanese as we could? No. Were we trying to kill anyone at all? Not unless we thought members of Al Qaeda would be at the Al-Shifa facility in the middle of the night. Asking these questions about Osama bin Laden and the nineteen hijackers puts us in a different moral universe entirely.
Chomsky's stance on this is rather convoluted. They wrote to Harris saying:
You fail to mention, though, that I did not suggest that they were “morally equivalent” and in fact indicated quite the opposite. I did not describe the Al-Shifa bombing as a “horrendous crime” committed with “wickedness and awesome cruelty.” Rather, I pointed out that the toll might be comparable, which turns out on inquiry (which is not undertaken here, and which apologists for our crimes ignore), turns out to be, quite likely, a serious understatement.
Then moments later Chomsky quoted themselves from their book Radical Priorities, 2003:
Most commentary on the Sudan bombing keeps to the question of whether the plant was believed to produce chemical weapons; true or false, that has no bearing on “the magnitude with which the aggression interfered with key values in the society attacked,” such as survival. Others point out that the killings were unintended, as are many of the atrocities we rightly denounce. In this case, we can hardly doubt that the likely human consequences were understood by US planners. The acts can be excused, then, only on the Hegelian assumption that Africans are “mere things,” whose lives have “no value,” an attitude that accords with practice in ways that are not overlooked among the victims, who may draw their own conclusions about the “moral orthodoxy of the West.”
If you are confused, you are not alone. On the one hand Chomsky states they were only comparing the death toll, then asserts US planners (whoever they may be) are well aware of the consequences attacks like this are likely to yield and really don't care, implying of course that there is a moral equivalence. Chomsky does not say this overtly though, illustrating their point by asking what victims of these assaults would think about the "moral orthodoxy of the West" - a neat piece of verbal gymnastics that allows them to say it without actually saying it.
Harris called Chomsky out for obsfucating their point: "It still seems to me that everything you have written here ignores the moral significance of intention." Harris then provided an analogy to help make their point:
Imagine that al-Qaeda is filled, not with God-intoxicated sociopaths intent upon creating a global caliphate, but genuine humanitarians. Based on their research, they believe that a deadly batch of vaccine has made it into the U.S. pharmaceutical supply. They have communicated their concerns to the FDA but were rebuffed. Acting rashly, with the intention of saving millions of lives, they unleash a computer virus, targeted to impede the release of this deadly vaccine. As it turns out, they are right about the vaccine but wrong about the consequences of their meddling—and they wind up destroying half the pharmaceuticals in the U.S. What would I say? I would say that this was a very unfortunate event—but these are people we want on our team. I would find the FDA highly culpable for not having effectively communicated with them. These people are our friends, and we were all very unlucky.
After that, Chomsky's tone changed markedly to that of an irascible intellectual bully, deeply impressed by their own moral superiority and completely dismissive of anything challenging their self evidently brilliant rationale. Some examples:
I am sorry you are unwilling to retract your false claim that I “ignore the moral significance of intentions.” Of course I did, as you know. Also, I gave the appropriate answer, which applies accurately to you in the al-Shifa case, the very case in question.
And:
If you had read further before launching your accusations, the usual procedure in work intended to be serious, you would have discovered that I also reviewed the substantial evidence about the very sincere intentions of Japanese fascists while they were devastating China, Hitler in the Sudetenland and Poland, etc.
And:
The scenario you describe here is, I'm afraid, so ludicrous as to be embarrassing. It hasn't even the remotest relation to Clinton's decision to bomb al-Shifa – not because they had suddenly discovered anything remotely like what you fantasize here, or for that matter any credible evidence at all, and by sheer coincidence, immediately after the Embassy bombings for which it was retaliation, as widely acknowledged. That is truly scandalous.
Harris attempted (again) to placate Chomsky and keep the exchange civil, writing:
Unfortunately, you are now misreading both my “silences” and my statements—and I cannot help but feel that the peremptory and censorious attitude you have brought to what could, in fact, be a perfectly collegial exchange, is partly to blame. You appear to have begun this dialogue at (or very near) the end of your patience. If we were to publish it, I would strongly urge you to edit what you have already written, removing unfriendly flourishes such as “as you know”, “the usual procedure in work intended to be serious,” “ludicrous and embarrassing,” “total refusal,” etc. I trust that certain of your acolytes would love to see the master in high dudgeon—believing, as you seem to, that you are in the process of mopping the floor with me—but the truth is that your emotions are getting the better of you.
Sadly, Chomsky did not even respond to Harris's perfectly polite requests to stop name calling and continued unabated. The exchange became somewhat pointless after that as the two could not agree on any basis on which to move forward. It could be summarized as follows:
Harris: Could we please have a civilized debate about some interesting topics? Chomsky: Your lack of seriousness precludes any meaningful discourse given your total refusal to acknowledge elementary moral principles that are non negotiable. REPEAT
Having no grounds for the debate to start in earnest, Harris stopped the correspondence and published the exchange on their site for public consumption.
I have focused much of this piece on the civility of the exchange between the two men, not because I believe it is more important than the topics at hand, but because I believe it helps exposes the deep malaise within the radical left.
As a young adult, I read Chomsky voraciously and as a consequence adopted a similar world view. Their critiques of power, particularly as it relates to Western imperialism, made a great impact on me and has helped form my understanding of how the world works. That being said, with age I began to move away from the Chomskyan world view to what I believe to be a more nuanced, less rigid interpretation of global politics. The monotone, fanatically anti state, anti Western arguments Chomsky puts forward make sense when your own experience of the world is developing, but not when you have had some life experience. The contrarian views Chomsky espouses are certainly helpful and should not be dismissed, but they are by no means the definitive guide to an 'ultimate truth'. You only need to spend five minutes with an ardent Chomsky fan to understand just how unbearable this attitude is - the relentless sermonizing and moralizing, with no room for nuance or self reflection. This fire and brimstone secularism has been perfected by the likes of Glenn Greenwald and has turned vast swathes of the left into fundamentalist civil libertarians incapable of engaging with anyone outside their self ordained priesthood.
Harris on the other hand, displays high levels of self awareness in their writing and speaking and has always attempted to engage with world views that do not corroborate with their own. While I don't subscribe to Harris's views on a number of topics (for example, their views on religion are too binary for my liking), their civility and willingness to accept that they might be wrong to make their contribution to debate not only more interesting, but more effective given their ability to engage with people they disagree with.
The exchange between Chomsky and Harris highlighted this stark difference, and I must confess to being completely dismayed by Chomsky's appalling attitude to the debate and refusal to engage in a way that would have benefited the public. Chomsky's world view is now so set in stone that they cannot and will not even entertain the notion that they might be wrong.
In a highly embarrassing exchange with the Guardian's environmental journalist George Monbiot back in 2012, Chomsky used the exact same tactics; high handed dismissal, ridicule and a refusal to answer very basic questions. Monbiot had asked Chomsky to distance themselves from a demonstrably false account of atrocities in Srebrenica and Rwanda in a book written by Chomsky's friends Edward Herman and David Peterson. Chomsky had written the foreword to the book, 'The Politics of Genocide,' and Monbiot sought a statement from Chomsky recognizing they had made an error in judgment by not reviewing the book properly or looking into its claims. Alas, Chomsky replied with a series of insults and diversions that, if you read closely, strongly indicated that they hadn't actually read the book and was more interested in winning the exchange than being intellectually honest.
Monbiot published the exchange, leaving the following comment after Chomsky's final email:
At this point, faced with Professor Chomsky's repeated and apparently willful failure to grasp the simple points I was making or answer the simple questions I was asking, I almost lost the will to live.
Harris ended their correspondence in similar fashion, writing to Chomsky:
I'm sorry to say that I have now lost hope that we can communicate effectively in this medium. Rather than explore these issues with genuine interest and civility, you seem committed to litigating all points (both real and imagined) in the most plodding and accusatory way. And so, to my amazement, I find that the only conversation you and I are likely to ever have has grown too tedious to continue.
Unless you subscribe to the notion that Monbiot and Harris are not only fanatical supporters of state violence and imperialism, but are incapable of engaging in serious intellectual debate, you can only conclude that Professor Chomsky is now so far beyond reach that only their most ardent acolytes take them seriously anymore.
BY: EDITORS
Bernie's 50-year track record in activism for civil rights and marginalized peoples spans a fantastic breadth of issues. From being arrested in 1962 for protesting public-school segregation in Chicago, to condemning both Iraq wars and voting against marginalizing policy, like the USA PATRIOT Act—contentious for violating the privacy of, and racially profiling, Muslim and Arab-Americans—when no one else would (almost literally: it was passed with a 98-2 vote in the Senate). Even in high-school, Sanders ran a campaign advocating an increase of scholarship funds for Korean war orphans.
Sanders' speeches, their campaign videos, do not offer the traditional political elevator-pitch—the candidate sitting cross-legged beside a fireplace cradling a puppy or kitten. Sanders' campaigns land with emotional force, and not simply because they are well shot or air-tight rhetorically. They're impactful foremost because they're true. Because Sanders has the track record to justify a campaign video with the emotional velocity of Erica Garner's powerful words.
Garner says “He's not scared to go up against the criminal justice system.  They are not scared.”
Establish intravenous (IV) access, and begin fluid resuscitation. Place 1 or 2 large-bore peripheral lines, and administer crystalloids. With the loss of the vapor barrier provided by intact skin, burn victims have large insensible fluid losses. Burn victims will need copious amounts of fluid because only 20-30% of it will remain in the intravascular space.
Patients with burn wounds smaller than 20% of total body surface area (TBSA) can be treated with a combination of oral and IV fluids. For larger burns, the Parkland formula (see below) and its variations have become the standard method for resuscitating the burned patient.
Moderate burn victims should have at least 1 large-bore IV line placed through unburned skin, and severe burn victims should have at least 2 lines in place. If necessary, venous catheters may be placed through burned skin or via venous cutdown using the saphenous vein at the groin or ankle.
When a burn patient requires considerable fluid resuscitation or has evidence of cardiopulmonary disease, a central venous line is indicated. Patients with massive burns or respiratory injury and elderly patients with severe burns or cardiac disease should be monitored with a pulmonary artery (Swan-Ganz) catheter to avoid fluid overload or inadequate replacement of volume.
Microvascular injury caused by a burn leads to increased vascular permeability with edema formation that results in ongoing plasma volume loss. Maximal edema formation occurs at 8-12 hours after burn injury for small burns and at 24-48 hours for large burns. The purpose of fluid resuscitation is to restore effective plasma volume, avoid microvascular ischemia, and maintain vital organ function. The amount of fluid required varies with the patient's age, body weight, and percentage of TBSA burned.
Ideally, weigh the patient on a scale. In the absence of this measurement, obtain an estimate of the patient's weight from the patient, a relative, or the patient's driver's license. Carefully map the burned areas over the entire body, including the back, to estimate fluid requirements during the first 48 hours after injury. Typically, burns larger than 20% of TBSA require IV fluid resuscitation because the accompanying gastrointestinal (GI) ileus precludes sufficient oral intake.
Calculation of fluid needs
All patients with a major burn injury must receive fluid resuscitation that is influenced by the percentage of the total body surface area (TBSA) covered by the burn (see the images below), [1] as well as by the presence of inhalation injury.
Rule of nines for calculating burn area. View Media Gallery
Lund and Browder chart illustrating method for calculating percentage of body surface area affected by burns in children. View Media Gallery
Size of burn is best estimated by using chart that corrects for changes in body proportions with aging. View Media Gallery
Several different formulas for fluid resuscitation have been recommended, although all emphasize that adequate resuscitation is evidenced by a normal urinary output (1 mL/lb/h in children younger than 2 years, 0.5 mL/lb/h in older children, and at least 30-40 mL/h in adults), a normal sensorium, and stable vital signs.
A survey of burn units in the United States and Canada found that 78% of the centers used the Parkland formula to estimate resuscitation volume and that lactated Ringer solution was the most popular type of fluid. [14] In marked contrast, a United Kingdom survey revealed that most burn units used human albumin solution and the Muir and Barclay formula to estimate resuscitation volumes. [2]
Since the publication of the findings of the Cochrane Injuries Group Albumin Reviewers, much discussion has ensued regarding the use of human albumin solution in patients who are critically ill. [15] In 2007, Baker et al reported that resuscitation of patients with thermal injuries in burn units in the United Kingdom and Ireland is fairly consistent with a shift toward crystalloid resuscitation and away from the use of human albumin solution. [16]
The Parkland formula for calculating fluid needs for burn victims in the first 24 hours is as follows:
Fluid requirement (mL) = (4 mL of crystalloid) × (% TBSA burned) × body weight (kg)
Thus, a man who weighs 70 kg and has a 30% TBSA burn would require 4 × 30 × 70 = 8400 mL in the first 24 hours.
One half of the calculated fluid requirement is administered in the first 8 hours, and the balance is given over the remaining 16 hours. Thus, fluids would be given at 525 mL/h for the first 8 hours, then at 262.5 mL/h for the remaining 16 hours. It is important to calculate fluid loss from the time of injury, as well as to take into account the fluid administered by prehospital personnel for fluid replacement.
Monitor typical markers of fluid status (eg, urine output) and adjust fluids accordingly. Placement of a Foley catheter (see below) simplifies monitoring of hourly urine output. Urine output should be maintained at 0.5 mL/kg/h.
Strict adherence to a formula for fluid resuscitation does not guarantee successful fluid therapy. For example, the Parkland formula does not predict fluid resuscitation needs in electrical injuries accurately, and the presence of coexisting trauma may increase fluid volumes needed for resuscitation.
If the need is expected to exceed 6 mL/kg times the percentage of TBSA burned per 24 hours, if the patient appears unresponsive to resuscitation, or if signs of impending cardiac failure are present, insertion of a pulmonary artery (Swan-Ganz) catheter for measurement of pulmonary artery pressure and cardiac output is advisable. If the volume is found to be adequate but urine output remains diminished, then dopamine (5 µg/kg/min) may be used to increase renal perfusion.
During resuscitation, the most common error is overhydration, which increases the risk of acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) developing 3-5 days after the burn. In patients with concomitant large TBSA burns and inhalation injury, the Parkland formula may result in unnecessarily large fluid loads. To avoid overhydration, resuscitate patients who have inhalation injuries with amounts substantially lower than specified by the formula, accepting a urinary output in the range of 0.3-0.5 mL/kg/h.
Replacement of lost protein
After a burn injury, a substantial amount of intravascular protein is lost through endothelial leaks in the burned vessels. When endothelial integrity is restored 24 hours after the injury, some clinicians favor the administration of 5% albumin at 0.5 mL/kg/% TBSA to maintain dynamic forces between the extracellular spaces and the intravascular system. In addition, a low-dose dopamine infusion (3-5 µg/kg/min) is beneficial in restoring renal and splanchnic blood flow in patients with major burn injury.
Catheterization and intubation
Place a Foley catheter into the bladder to monitor the effectiveness of IV fluid replacement. Burns of the perineum also are best cared for with an indwelling Foley catheter to decrease urinary soiling of the wound.
In patients with major burn injuries who require IV fluid resuscitation, pass a nasogastric (NG) tube for initial evacuation of fluid and air from the stomach and feeding access. Removal of the gastric contents prevents vomiting and aspiration, sequelae of the ileus that commonly occur soon after burn injuries involving more than 20% of TBSA. Early feeding through the NG tube within 6-8 hours of the burn injury diminishes the hypermetabolic response and maintains intestinal integrity.
Hypertonic saline solutions
Resuscitation with hypertonic saline solutions reduces the fluid volume required. The volume of fluid administered using hypertonic fluid solutions is notably less, yet fluid requirements and percent weight gain have not been shown to be lower with hypertonic saline than with Ringer solution. The anticipated benefits of fewer escharotomies and limited ileus have not been uniformly encountered either.
On the contrary, hypertonic saline resuscitation has been associated with an increased incidence of acute tubular necrosis and hyperchloremic metabolic acidosis, which can exacerbate the metabolic acidosis of hypovolemic shock. Therefore, hypertonic saline is not currently recommended for resuscitation of burn patients.
Decision not to resuscitate
When a patient with a major burn injury is extremely unlikely to survive (eg, an elderly patient in whom more than 80% of the TBSA is burned), the clinician must be encouraged not to begin fluid resuscitation. This decision must be made only after thoughtful discussion with family members. When resuscitation is not undertaken, the clinician must ensure that patients are not in pain, keep them warm, and allow them to remain in a room with family members.
Special considerations in children
In most respects, burn care in children is similar to that in adults; however, there are some relevant physiologic differences that must be considered in the care of burned children.
Differences in TBSA-weight ratio
The Parkland formula is effective in estimating fluid loss in adults, but it underestimates the evaporative fluid loss and maintenance needs in children. Compared with adults, children have a larger TBSA relative to weight and generally have somewhat greater fluid needs during resuscitation.
An alternative formula that is preferred by many for calculating fluid needs in children is the Galveston formula, which is based on TBSA rather than body weight. Although many pediatric burn centers believe that this formula is more accurate than the Parkland formula, it is more time-consuming to calculate.
By the Galveston formula, the amount of lactated Ringer solution administered over the first 24 hours is determined as follows:
Fluid requirement = 5000 mL/m2 × % TBSA burned + 2000 mL/m2
One half of the total fluid is given in the first 8 hours, with the balance given over the next 16 hours. The maintenance fluid should then be lactated Ringer solution with 5% dextrose; the dextrose is added to the resuscitation fluid to prevent hypoglycemia because children have smaller glycogen stores than adults do.
In children, keep the urine output at 1 mL/kg/h, the pulse in the range of 80-180 beats/min (depending on age), and the base deficit lower than 2.
Differences in thermoregulation
In infants younger than 6 months, temperature is regulated by nonshivering thermogenesis, a metabolic process by which stores of brown fat are catabolized under the influence of norepinephrine, which requires large amounts of oxygen. Consequently, prolonged hypothermia in burned infants may result in excessive lactate production and acidosis.
After 6 months, infants and children are able to shiver. Because they have greater evaporative water loss relative to weight than adults do, infants and children are especially prone to hypothermia; therefore, keep the ambient temperature high to decrease radiant and evaporative heat loss from burned infants and children to the environment.
Differences in renal function
Differences in renal function between infants and adults may have important therapeutic implications for the treatment of burned children. The glomerular filtration rate in infants does not reach adult levels until the age of 9-12 months, because of an imbalance in maturation of tubular and glomerular functions. During this early period, infants have approximately half the osmolar concentrating capacity of adults, and a water load is handled inefficiently.
The rate of water excretion is time dependent and decreases as water loading continues. During the first several weeks of life, infants are likely to retain a larger portion of a water load administered as part of burn resuscitation. The hyposmolarity of lactated Ringer solution, when used in accordance with the Parkland formula, already accounts for the free water needs of infants during the first 24 hours after the burn. Additional water often results in fluid overloading.
YouTube/dietcoke It turns out that having a lot of online buzz only impacts short-term sales by 0.01 percent, Coca-Cola senior manager for corporate market strategy and insight Eric Schmidt told an advertising conference Monday.
According to Coke's internal measurements, "we didn't see any statistically significant relationship between our buzz and our short-term sales," Schmidt said.
That's a pretty big deal coming from a company that has 61 million Facebook fans and 687K-plus Twitter followers, especially since Coke appears to do most of its marketing with online reactions in mind.
For example, Coca-Cola's Super Bowl ad campaign— in which users were encouraged to interact with characters racing through the desert to get their hands on the soda on a separate micro-site — had a main goal of inciting online chatter.
Schmidt continued that it was often difficult to gauge whether most online buzz about the company was positive or negative, which would complicate the incentive to purchase situation.
Ad Age pointed out, however, that the buzz doesn't include "sharing, video views or other aspects of social media."
Coca-Cola declined our request to clarify what buzz actually means, adding "Our social strategy is focused on building great relationships with our consumers. We're always looking at ways to make our social programs more effective, and this presentation covered just one of the many factors that we consider."
Another finding was that digital display advertising was 90 percent effective as TV ads to deliver sales on a per-impression basis. Search is the least effective whereas print is still higher than television.
Brands spend significant sums of money both cultivating and engaging their online following. This internal study by a major company might cause brands to rethink that strategy.
Flu season has come early this year in parts of the northern hemisphere, and many people are scrambling to get their annual vaccination. That ritual may someday be history.
In a first for any infectious disease, a vaccine against flu has been made out of messenger RNA (mRNA) – the genetic material that controls the production of proteins. Unlike its predecessors, the new vaccine may work for life, and it may be possible to manufacture it quickly enough to stop a pandemic.
We become immune to a flu strain when our immune system learns to recognise key proteins, called HA and NA, on the surface of the flu virus. This can happen either because we have caught and fought off that strain of flu, or because we received one of the standard vaccines, most of which contain killed flu virus.
Flu constantly evolves, however, so those proteins change and your immunity to one year's strain does not extend to following year's. For this reason, a new vaccine has to be produced each year. Most flu vaccines are grown in chicken eggs or cell culture, a process that takes at least six months.
Advertisement
This time lag means that the World Health Organization has to predict months in advance which viruses are most likely to be circulating the following winter. Drug companies then make a new vaccine based on their recommendations. Of course, these recommendations can be wrong, or worse, when a completely new flu virus causes a pandemic, its first waves can be over before any vaccine is ready.
Freeze-dried vaccine
Now there could be a solution. The mRNA that controls the production of HA and NA in a flu virus can be mass-produced in a few weeks, says Lothar Stitz of the Friedrich-Loeffler Institute in Riems Island, Germany. This mRNA can be turned into a freeze-dried powder that does not need refrigeration, unlike most vaccines, which have to be kept cool.
An injection of mRNA is picked up by immune cells, which translate it into protein. These proteins are then recognised by the body as foreign, generating an immune response. The immune system will then recognise the proteins if it encounters the virus subsequently, allowing it to fight off that strain of flu.
Similar vaccines have been made of DNA that codes for flu proteins. But DNA vaccines seem unlikely ever to be approved, because of worries that they might be incorporated into human DNA, disrupting gene regulation.
Safety advantage
That is not a risk with mRNA, which cannot become part of the genome. For this reason, “RNA probably has advantages over DNA as concerns safety,” says Bjarne Bogen of the University of Oslo, Norway, who is working on a DNA vaccine for flu.
Trial RNA vaccines have failed, however, after being destroyed rapidly in the blood. But CureVac, a company in Tübingen, Germany, has found that a protein called protamine, binds to mRNA and protects it. It has an mRNA vaccine against prostate and lung cancer tumours in human trials.
“Amazingly, mRNA vaccines have never been really tested against infectious diseases,” says Stitz. Their team used CureVac's process to make durable mRNA vaccines for common human flu strains, as well as H5N1 bird flu. In mice, ferrets and pigs, the vaccines rapidly elicited protective levels of antibodies.
Two-pronged immunity
They also induced cell-mediated immunity, which is an immune response that does not involve antibodies but activates blood cells such as killer T-cells to destroy specific pathogens. Vaccines made only of the proteins do not elicit this type of response. Having both types of immunity clears infection faster, and can also protect against flu for longer, as cell-mediated reactions still recognise flu viruses after they have evolved enough to evade antibodies.
A true universal vaccine for flu, however, would induce immunity to proteins that are the same in all flu viruses, but which flu normally hides from the immune system. Stitz's team made an mRNA vaccine to one such protein from an ordinary seasonal flu. The vaccine not only protected animals from that flu strain, but also from H5N1 bird flu.
Vaccines that work against all flu strains could eventually be given once in childhood, like vaccines for other diseases. Meanwhile, Stitz is also working on an mRNA vaccine for rabies. “We think that mRNA would provide an excellent platform against viral, bacterial and fungal diseases,” they say.
Journal reference: Nature Biotechnology, DOI: 10.1038/nbt.2436
So-called “Spam King” Sanford Wallace has admitted to using around a half-million Facebook accounts to send more than 27 million unsolicited messages on the social network, Bloomberg reports.
Wallace pled guilty to charges of fraud and criminal contempt; they face up to three years in prison and a $250,000 fine for their activities.
The notorious spammer was found to have violated a court order banning them from Facebook by logging onto the site while onboard a Virgin Airlines flight in 2009. They violated the court order again in 2011 by maintaining a profile under the name “David Sinful-Saturdays Fredericks,” according to an FBI press release.
Wallace has been a pest for consumers for decades. Throughout the mid-90s, they spammed people through fax, then through e-mail, according to Ars Technica. They gained such notoriety that their critics named them “Spamford”–a domain they later registered, despite protests from SPAM foodstuff maker Hormel. They also dabbled in spyware and MySpace spamming, which resulted in a lawsuit in 2007.
My Job As A Programmer Is To Make Testers Miserable March 22, 2013
It's not what you think.
When I deliver something to a tester or QA person, I want them to suffer terribly, to fear coming to work, to wish they had never become a tester, to be drained by the end of the day.
Yes, I want them to find nothing wrong except for the gnarly edge cases only a fiendish user would ever consider. That has always been my goal, that the last stop before userville is a short painful journey through QA where nothing much happens.
Now I've worked with some truly magical QA/tester folks at various times would, could find a bug without even seeing the app run at all. The battle to make them pay for every bug report is a war between my ability to design, code and test in such as a way that they get nothing easy. To find something wrong should require every ounce of their imagination, perseverance and skill. No way should they ever get a fair break in this clash of perfection-seeking. I want to deliver pain, and when they do find something wrong I want them to enjoy telling me about it.
Bugs happen, it's rare for anything to be bug-free and even if it appears so it's more likely than some subtle bug simply wasn't found. Twice in my life have I delivered something substantial that never had a single bug identified in it (the consumer magazine product search engine in 1999 ran for 18 months without a single issue of any kind, and my C/C++ memory allocator HeapManger never had a single issue found in the runtime code by any customer (1997)). Of course I've had bugs but I've always hated giving anything to someone that might not work correctly at any stage of development. Everything I've learned over my 32 years of programming has been applied to designing and writing code that is as resistant to failure as possible.
Even though I despise bugs and have had some success in limiting them, having a good tester/QA person or team is still absolutely necessary QA! QA? We need no stinking QA! because no matter how dedicated you there will always be something that you never thought of. That's what a good tester is, a yin to your yang, who doesn't think like you do, who is desperate to prove you wrong, who feels personally responsible to the users if anything is missed. It's a team of opposites.
I've always said that testers should start soon after any project commences, just to keep programmers honest. It always helps as well with UX and finding those irritating features that need to be smoothed out or removed long before anyone thinks of shipping them. A good tester should not be an afterthought, yet in many companies (especially larger ones) testing is often just a step before shipping. Agile development really requires both continuous deployment/building and continuous testing. Having sufficient testers shouldn't be a lower priority than developers, designers, managers and product people. After all, users shouldn't be your testers!
Still, as a programmer I don't want to think of testers as an easy way out, just code some crap and they will find it. In my one and only job as a chemist where we tested products involved in lawsuits I always tried to write clearly, with correct spelling and grammar. My boss however insisted that I throw it together and "the girls" would clean it up. Besides the obvious sexist comment, I didn't like shipping crappy text and I like bugs even less now. I like that clean feeling that I did myself.
I've worked in places where products and systems were utter crap more often than the opposite which always made me both sad and mad. Sometimes people have the attitude that software or business is hard and terrible quality goes hand in hand with that. Sometimes programmers don't have the tools or knowledge or experience to find a way to deliver quality, or receive no encouragement from managers to do it. Many places skimp on quality professional testing/QA staff as an unnecessary expense. One place I worked actually had the business side demand that no QA be done because it took too long.
I'd rather challenge the testers to work hard trying to find issues in what I deliver. It means I have to work hard to design clean code that I can test correctly myself. It means the testers have to be fiendishly clever to point out the issues that always live hidden in the bowels of the product. I'd rather the users delight in the product and enjoy all the effort than went into making it work well.
This was a lot easier in the old days when we're shipping software on floppies and the only interaction the product had was the computer itself. In today's highly interconnected world where everything lives on networks, use many frameworks, and talks with multitudes of servers you can't control it's much harder to deliver high quality. Sometimes you write a nearly flawless product and yet it still sucks because someone else's webservice was a disaster. That makes things so much more painful today.
You can only control what you can control and that's where you and the tester live. Just make sure you keep them challenged and bored. Your attitude should be on quality before the quality people ever see it.
Delays due to sick passengers should be reduced under a new MTA program that puts emergency personnel in busy stations.
Emergency Medical Technicians are now stationed in 12 hubs across the city in order to more promptly respond to ailing straphangers during morning and evening rush hours.
On-location EMTs get to ill passengers three minutes faster than previously and have shaved 2¹/₂ minutes off incident delays, according to the MTA.
Along the Eighth Avenue A, C, B and D lines, the MTA says a sick rider snarls traffic an average of 28 times a month, with each episode lasting about 12 minutes.
The West Fourth Street station, where the A, C, B, D, F and M trains meet, has experienced the most deployments since the program began. Other stations with emergency response teams include Times Square-42nd Street, 14th Street-Union Square and Grand Central-42nd Street.
Transport Workers Union Local 100 President Tony Utano said the program is a “step in the right direction.”
“Our train operators and conductors want to provide service as efficiently as possible, but they face several hurdles, including riders who become sick and need medical assistance,” they said.
In addition to sick passengers, the homeless and inebriated riders also are challenges that need to be addressed more effectively, Utano said.
Rep. Eric Massa (D-N.Y.) announced on Wednesday that they will leave Congress after serving one term.
Politico reported that the House Ethics Committee has been told of allegations that Massa sexually harassed a male staffer, a charge that the member of congress downplayed on a conference call with reporters Wednesday afternoon.
"There are blogs who are saying I'm leaving because there are charges of harassment against my staff," the New York Democrat said on the call. "Do I or have I ever used salty language? Yes I have and I have apologized to those where it is appropriate.
"But those kinds of articles -- unsubstantiated and without fact and backing -- are a symptom of what is wrong in this city," they added, a likely reference to the Politico story, which quoted anonymous sources discussing charges of harassment.
Massa also distanced themselves from reports that they would be resigning from office immediately, telling reporters that they remained, "fully committed to helping the families of the 29th district."
The reason they were not running for reelection, Massa said, was a third re-occurrence of cancer, and subsequent orders from their doctor to tone down their intense schedule.
"This last December I underwent my third major re-occurrence scare," they said. "I was briefly hospitalized, kept it private to myself and my immediate family. It was a very intense and personal experience, especially in light of going through this before.
"I do not have the life's energy to fight all the battles all the time," they said of the charges of harassment and the intense partisanship in Washington. "I will now enter a final phase of my life at a more controlled pace."
Massa's decision to retire came as a complete surprise to many political observers. Democrats will now be left with the difficult task of finding another candidate in hopes of holding New York's 29th congressional district.
Little Witch Academia: Enchanted Parade, even more so than its predecessor, embodies the sheer fundamental joy of animation. The sincere joy of seeing images come alive, images bound only by the limits of imagination coming into motion. Enchanted Parade is sometimes breezy and whimsical, sometimes awesome, sometimes funny, sometimes intense. But through genuine mastery it makes all those moods look like second nature. It's Little Witch Academia‘s ongoing love letter to the traditions of animation and so much more.
Even the little act of Akko trying to piece together a wooden ark is a joy to experience. The push and pull of the wooden planks, Akko's exasperated facial expressions, the sad little way they plop to the ground when Akko fails and the kinetic catharsis when the pieces finally come into place with a little help from some friends. A segment barely a minute long can be a labour of love. A labour containing both earnest creativity and weight. That creativity and weight transfers into the way each character moves. The usual hot-headed goofy earnestness of Akko, the stone-faced Constanze silently obsessing over quirky gadgets, the tomboyish coolness of Amanda O'Neill. All the characters that inhabit this world interact with it in different ways, each of which is fun to see play out.
My favourite example of this comes in the brief scuffle with the kids in the neighbouring town. Akko is the first to lose their head and start quarrelling, Constanze stoically follows suit with a silly magic-infused machine gun and Amanda begins cool-headed but escalates to violence immediately after being hit with a tomato. It's a fun little sequence that makes itself look so easy, and yet beneath the surface you'll find its driven by all sorts of these diverse subtleties.
The base characters are simple and archetypal and the series gets plenty of mileage indulging in their surface level quirks, but when it comes time to build genuine conflict Enchanted Parade respects their ability to be challenged and to grow through conflict. The core character conflict between the three main characters is a straightforward story of falling out because of fundamental differences before coming to embrace those differences and joining together for the last hurrah. From the first scene where Akko and Sucy's bickering causes their classroom to be levelled to the climax where their hearts come together to all the scenes of conflict and resolution big and small in between Little Witch Academia shows it knows how to accumulate engaging character arcs. And all the while it still manages to build a cast of new endearing characters and further establish an implicit lore of the place of witches in their society. It's a continually engaging world built on an ensemble of little pieces.
Enchanted Parade is a wonderful addition to the tapestry of Little Witch Academia. A pure work of creative craft that shows what animation is capable of, and also a pleasing little character narrative that invites further interest and investment in the series. Young or old, Little Witch Academia makes your life a little bit better just for having witnessed it. And that's something animation should always continue to aspire to be.
Advertisements
CONNACHT COACH PAT Lam has refused to rule out their team's chances of qualifying for next season's European Champions Cup but accepts that after defeat at Glasgow Warriors they are probably going to have to do it the hard way – via end-of-season play-offs against clubs from England and France.
In a match that saw Tim Swinson, the Glasgow lock, sent off for an apparent punch on Dave Heffernan, and what Lam described as “a bit of niggle”, the coach was still frustrated that their side had been dominant but come away without even the comfort of a losing bonus point while the Scots claimed four tries.
“It was probably an entertaining game for the neutral,” they said.
“We did some really good things but unfortunately all their points came from our errors or our indiscipline. Our yellow card [against Jack Carty for a high tackle] was a big turning point. I have to admire the effort but we blew a few scoring opportunities and gave away a few.
“I am disappointed, I don't think the scoreline reflects the game. For us to get nothing out of it is frustrating. There were chances there, there were times we did not reload quickly enough, there were chances to go right and we went left and vice versa.
“It is what it is. Now we have a chance to go back, assess the injuries and get into our catch-up game against Zebre.”
Connacht's grip on the Guinness Pro12 title is just about over – Ulster need only four points from four games to be mathematically out of range in the final play-off spot. Since the Scots and Italians are guaranteed two of the seven automatic Champions Cup spots, that leaves only five for the Irish and Welsh teams to share with Connacht 19 points off that battle.
“As far as Europe is concerned we are looking at the play-offs where it is all about us and Cardiff. This thing that means there has got to be one from every country is an area I think that needs to change – the top seven should go through,” said Lam.
“As far as the play-offs go there is a big gap between ourselves and Cardiff and the rest. All we have got to do is keep playing, keep getting as many points as we can. There are still five rounds for us, four rounds for everyone else, and then we will see where we are.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
A&M can expect warm welcome from SEC fans
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. - Taken fan by fan, restaurant table by restaurant table, tailgate party by tailgate party, folks in the heart of Southeastern Conference country are ready to welcome Texas A&M to the SEC.
"Isn't that exciting?" said Gary Lewis, whose Rama Jama's hamburger joint is next to Alabama's Bryant-Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa.
"I do believe that is a school we would accept," said Trey Johnston, whose J&M Bookstore in Auburn is across the street from the oak trees of Toomer's Corner, focal point of countless Auburn victory celebrations.
Unfortunately, Southern hospitality can fade when fans - whether fortified by a Rama Jama's cheeseburger, a Blue Bell ice cream shake from the Toomer's Corner soda fountain or a 12-pack of adult beverages while tailgating in Baton Rouge or Fayetteville - congregate in larger numbers.
And when 90,000 or more cram into an SEC stadium, the Aggies will find their welcome may not be altogether cordial.
"They join at their own risk," said Joseph Benak, an Auburn University junior from Dothan, Ala. "There's a big gap in the talent level between the SEC and the Big 12.
Associated Press file PASSION PLAY: In a league that considers football a religion, it doesn't get any more frenzied than Tuscaloosa for the Alabama-Auburn game. Associated Press file PASSION PLAY: In a league that considers football a religion, it doesn't get any more frenzied than Tuscaloosa for the Alabama-Auburn game. Photo: Robert Sutton Photo: Robert Sutton Image 1 of / 10 Captions Close A&M can expect warm welcome from SEC fans 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
"They're taking a big risk, because they'll be in a fight every week. SEC football is a lifestyle. It's your life."
It's a lifestyle that is all-consuming in Alabama, where Auburn and Alabama, the last two BCS champions, are major league franchises, and where it's always SEC football season on the Paul Finebaum radio show, which airs across five SEC states and is heard nationwide on Sirius XM.
Hotter topics
A&M's planned move has been all-consuming for Texas college fans, given its potential to shake up the college conference landscape. In SEC country, though, the Aggies on most days play second or third fiddle to Auburn's youth movement, Alabama's quarterback rotation, Georgia coach Mark Richt's job prospects, suspensions at LSU and Auburn fans asking that Finebaum be barred from campus.
SEC commissioner Mike Slive's comments that the SEC could proceed with 13 teams in 2012 has pushed realignment talk to the forefront, but fans are focused less on the Aggies than on local concerns.
"How does it affect Auburn?" Johnston said. "That's what concerns us."
"It's almost like Texas A&M, well, that's fine, if that's what they want to do," said Ken Gaddy, director of the Paul W. "Bear" Bryant Museum in Tuscaloosa. "But what is next for the SEC? What comes with it?"
When the Aggies begin play in the SEC, there will be a period of adjustment. Some fans, for example, mistakenly refer to A&M's "13th Man" tradition, missing the correct number by one digit. But as they learn about the Aggies, they'll find familiar and perhaps even enviable qualities.
As a land grant school, A&M has kindred spirits at Auburn and Mississippi State. It is yoked to Alabama by memories of coaches Bryant and Gene Stallings.
Only Florida and Vanderbilt among SEC schools are members, as is A&M, of the Association of American Universities. A&M has recent national championships in women's basketball, men's golf and men's and women's track and field, trailing only Florida among SEC schools in the 2010-11 Directors Cup standings.
As a recruiting hotbed, "I would crawl for the chance to play more games in Texas," said Frank Broyles, the former Arkansas coach and athletic director.
LSU coach Les Miles didn't mention crawling, but they sound open to driving, flying or biking to sign more Texas recruits.
"It becomes SEC country," Miles said. "There will be a comparative and a competitive view of the choices that players have to make. I think they will be looking at which conference is the best to be in and which is closest to home and the distance their parents would have to travel to see me play, and I think the SEC would be preferred."
Lone Star imports
Enrollment could benefit, too. Texas provides about 3 percent of SEC students, ranking first among non-SEC states at six schools, and 90,000 SEC alumni live in Texas.
"Our people will be very respectful of them and their traditions," said John Merrill, a former Alabama student body president who represents Tuscaloosa in the legislature. "A&M will add a new dimension."
Winning games, however, is another thing. Some fans are downright dismissive of A&M's chances.
"They'll probably be in last place to begin with," said Auburn student Dino Dellafortuno, waiting on an order at Toomer's Corner.
"I don't see them as much of a threat," said Deston Putman, an Alabama senior, at the City Café in Northport. "They'd be up and down. Most of the time they'd be down."
Even Finebaum is skeptical that the Aggies will compete immediately.
"SEC football is like dropping somebody in the middle of the Colosseum," they said. "It's like being in a knife fight. It's as frenzied as it can get."
Alabama coach Nick Saban avoids battle metaphors but allows that the SEC presents special challenges.
"Our style of play may be a little bit different than some other part of the country," Saban said. "That doesn't make it better or worse. I do think there are probably a little better cover people and maybe better pass rushers. And I think when you come and play somebody in this league you better be ready for those things."
Added South Carolina coach Steve Spurrier: "I'm often asked who has the best conference. My answer is that's up for debate, but I know who has the biggest stadiums and the most fans, because those are facts."
While legalities and potential stumbling blocks remain, Bama and Auburn fans are prepared to welcome the Aggies. They suggest, however, that the newcomers be prepared to take a licking.
"What do brothers do? They beat the hell out of each other," Rogers said. "But if an outsider approaches, they gang up on him. That's the mentality here. It's family-slash-religion."
david.barron@chron.com
In two weeks New York has its primary. It has a huge pool of delegates. It is Donald Trump's home state. Trump's stooges are still in disarray over Trump losing four states in a row to Ted Cruz and they will be out for blood. If Trump runs the table, and their campaign claims they will take over 85 delegates, then Trump could in 1,273 delegates. If they get mauled, well, candidates who can't convincingly win their home state just don't last. In the meantime you'll hear a lot of stuff about the primary. Some true, much of it bullsh** on stilts. Here are five things you need to know about that primary.
How the New York GOP primary works
New York is a closed primary state and the deadline for registering or changing parties passed on March 25. This is critical and we'll cover that in a moment. The rules for New York create 28 separate primaries: one for each district and one for the state at large.
For starters, the state's 95 delegates will be awarded proportionally, rather than on a winner-take-all basis. Beyond that, 81 of those delegates are distributed on the basis of results in the state's 27 congressional districts. Trump could gain 14 delegates if they win more than 50 percent of the statewide vote. Otherwise, they will share those delegates with any rival who tops 20 percent. In any congressional district where they fall short of 50 percent, even if they have the plurality of votes, they will give up one of the three delegates awarded in each of those districts. If they run second in any district, they would pick up just one delegate.
This, as I pointed out yesterday, renders state-wide polls useless.
Why did Ted Cruz campaign in the Bronx
This is a map of New York's congressional districts:
So the Trump-fluffing New York Post runs this story Ted Cruz's campaign stop in the Bronx is a complete dud:
There are more than 1.4 million people in the Bronx — but Ted Cruz couldn't even muster 100 at a campaign event in Parkchester with state Sen. Ruben Diaz Sr., a conservative Christian minister. Cruz visited the Sabrosura Chinese-Dominican restaurant, where Diaz said the presidential candidate could “listen to the social, economic and spiritual needs of our community” while dining with other clergymen on the eatery's famed fried rice and plantains. Aside from about 70 ministers affiliated with Diaz, only a dozen voters turned up — and two of them were tossed out after screaming protests about the Texas senator's hardline stance on immigration. “He is anti-immigrant. They deny climate change. He's a right-winged bigot and he's not welcomed here,” said protester Rebel Diaz (no relation to the senator).
This is one those statements that are both true and meaningless at the same time. There may be 1.4 million people in the Bronx but they aren't all registered voters and they damned sure aren't registered GOP voters.
The Bronx had 17,000 active GOP voters. That's it. Plus The Bronx is located in a major media market and coverage there will translate into earned media in a very pricey market. From a messaging standpoint, primary and general election, a GOP candidate showing up in The Bronx is not a bad thing. The heckling is baked in. How you handle the heckling is what counts. Beyond that, I would contend that being heckled, partially in Spanish, by a couple of wannbe cholo gangsters sporting man-buns is not going to hurt Ted Cruz in any GOP primary, especially as they didn't turn trained goons lose on them a la Donald Trump. (None of the people in this image are Ted Cruz.)
This is GOP voter registration by Congressional district:
The fact is that winning 11,000 Republicans in CD 13 is worth more than winning 90,000 Republicans in CD 21 because the 11,000 gets you over 50% and all three delegates.
While The Bronx is not GOP friendly, the GOP there are probably much more Cruz friendly than Trump friendly.
Why Kasich would help Cruz
The NY primary might be the only place, other than Ohio, where having John Kasich on the ticket helps Ted Cruz. Remember the game here is to keep Trump below 50% in as many CDs as possible. Trump need 80+ delegates from NY to get back on track for 1273. That requires a lot of majorities. The New York GOP is hardly a hotbed of conservatism and a two-man contest between Trump and Cruz could result in a non-trivial number of “moderates” to sit it out. Kasich gives them a reason to turn out. In any district where Kasich plays the spoiler to keep Trump below 50%, Ted Cruz has the chance to pick up a delegate.
Party mess
Unlike virtually any other state, NY has a host of minor parties with guaranteed ballot access. The two of most concern are the Conservative Party (148,006 statewide) and the shell of Ross Perot's Reform Party now called the Independence Party (441,903).
Conservative Party
The Conservative Party gets a lot of attention but it is only conceivably a factor in CD 19 (~7% of the GOP voters) and CDs 20 and 27 (~9% each). The significance is that unless these people changed their party affiliation before March 25 they won't be voting. As far as to impact, your guess is as good as mine. I've heard members of this party who could be either Trump or Cruz voters though, given where they are concentrated, I would bet that this cuts against Trump more than Cruz.
Independence Party
The Independence Party is strongest in CD 1-5. In CD 5, the Independence Party has about 26% of the membership of the GOP.
Where this comes into play is that a lot of members of both Conservative and Independence parties vote GOP for president and for their own party in down ballot races. These people are going to show up as Likely GOP voters in polls. But they won't be able to vote in the primary. Their political leanings will distort the polling. And I am not conversant enough on NY politics to know what that means though I tend to think these folks are probably Trump voters.
State GOP loves it some Donald Trump
The State GOP establishment is behind Trump. This is why Ted Cruz meeting with Rudy Giuliani today was important.
Donald Trump has won the support of more than half of New York state's 62 Republican county chairs, their campaign announced Wednesday in a show of home-state muscle intended to blunt the momentum of Ted Cruz. Trump's three “honorary” co-chairs of their New York leadership team include Buffalo business person and former gubernatorial candidate Carl Paladino, upstate Rep. Chris Collins and Dutchess County Sheriff Adrian “Butch” Anderson. Joe Mondello of Nassau County and John LaValle of Suffolk are among the county leaders in the pack of 32 lining up with Trump. “We've been working on this thing for four or five months,” Paladino told Fox News.
How much pull these people have with rank-and-file GOP members is debatable. They undoubtedly will have some but not as much as they think. And, when you're dealing with yahoos like Carl Paladino you always have to wonder exactly what they have done beyond talk. What it does mean is that Ted Cruz has a hard uphill struggle in New York because the GOP infrastructure is not allied with him.
Summary
Keep in your mind two things. Statewide polling is meaningless as the delegates are awarded in a modified winner-take-all manner by Congressional District. And the name of the game is keeping Trump from getting over 50% of the votes in any CD. Anything under 80 delegates out of New York and Trump cannot win on the first ballot in Cleveland which means they can't win.
They suffered head trauma and was treated at Bellevue Hospital, the FDNY said. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Trevor Kapp
MIDTOWN — A Metro-North worker suffered head injuries when they fell 40-feet over the railing of a staircase in Grand Central Terminal during Thursday morning's rush-hour commute, the FDNY said.
The man, whose name and age were not immediately released, appeared a little dizzy on the stairs about 7:47 a.m. and then tumbled off, FDNY officials said.
It wasn't clear where in the station they fell.
"The rescue companies — the companies on the scene — packaged him, lifted them out of the staircase and got them out to the street area," said FDNY Batallion Chief Chris Reginella.
The worker suffered head trauma and was treated at Bellevue Hospital, officials said.
The MTA did not provide further information.
VANCOUVER (The News Desk) — The University of British Columbia announced today that the school's main library, the Irving K. Barber Learning Centre, has been acquired by prominent British novelist J.K. Rowling.
Rowling told fans in a written statement that the acquisition was inspired by letters from second-year UBC student Li-Qiu Fan, who believed that the library's Ridington Room (known affectionately by students as the “Harry Potter Room”) was actually named after Harry Potter.
When I first heard from Li-Qiu about the library, I didn't think much of it. I get letters from deranged fans quite often. However, they kept insisting, in letter after letter, that not only was Harry Potter real, but that this was the most breathtaking room in all of UBC and that I just had to visit. I finally caved in, and fell in love with the library as soon as I walked in. I was like, I have to buy this building.
As of Aug. 13, Rowling now sits as director of the library's Advisory Committee, which this week voted in favour of a $61,000,000 CAD renovation. When asked about the renovations, previous director Simon Naeme simply chuckled and said, “We're just really happy to add a little magic to the experience here at UBC.”
Renovations will retrofit the building to be more in line with the “spirit of Hogwarts,” a core principle of Rowling's model for student engagement. Planned expenditures include:
$5,000,000 towards the addition of secondary mobile staircases, which will connect to the current staircases at odd intervals “so as to mimic the iconic staircases of Hogwarts.”
$300,000 towards the acquisition of digital picture frames, which will display animated photos of previous UBC presidents (“principals”).
$30,000,000 towards the construction of four new faculty (“house”) lounges for students in Science (“Ravenclaw”), Engineering (“Gryffindor”), Sauder (“Slytherin”) and Arts (“Hufflepuff”).
$8,000,000 towards the removal of Ike's Café.
$7,000,000 towards the hiring and training of an elite team of Dementors to replace current security staff (“They weren't very scary-looking anyway”).
$10,000,000 towards the construction of a “Chamber of Secrets,” for which Rowling gave no specific purpose.
The renovated and renamed Joanne K. Rowling Learning Centre is scheduled to reopen in the winter of 2017. ♦
If you liked this, like our Facebook page!
Photo by DA Architects
After more than six years of battling the courts, director John McTiernan—the man behind Die Hard, The Hunt For Red October, and Predator, among others—appears to be headed to federal prison, after the U.S. Supreme Court rejected their latest appeal. McTiernan was sentenced in 2010, handed a year for lying to federal agents investigating the wiretapping of various Hollywood players by private detective Anthony Pellicano. They pled guilty to that in 2006, admitting that he'd attempted to hide their hiring of Pellicano to investigate Rollerball remake producer Chuck Roven, a lie that was exposed once a digital recording surfaced of McTiernan discussing the illegal wiretap of Roven's phone.
Ever since then, McTiernan has been lobbying to have their sentence dismissed, based on the fact that there's no proof Roven was ever actually wiretapped—a last-ditch argument that lingers on in a motion that's still sitting before the judge. Such motions have obviously not been successful in the past, however, and this final one will likely only be delaying by weeks McTiernan's seemingly inevitable incarceration. And so the man who made a living telling stories about men who are backed into corners yet always beat the odds doesn't appear to be headed for a similarly triumphant ending—unless they have a decoy Soviet submarine or maybe one of those Predator self-destruct bombs still lying around, anyway.
GMOs go unlabeled and are accepted as real food, forcing whole food to go up in price and starving consumers of nutrition
Food doesn't have to be a big business, shrouded in secrecy
State of California introduces new, simpler GMO labeling bill
(NaturalNews) Under the current agricultural paradigm in America, food grown from lab-engineered seeds is accepted, labeled and sold like its real, whole food. There is no mention on the label of its synthetic origins or the potentially dangerous doses of herbicides used.Organic food, on the other hand, has to go through rigorous and expensive verification and certification processes just to prove that it's real. The mere presence of genetically modified organisms and herbicides in the food supply has made real, whole food scarcer, making the price of organic go up.This GMO-stranglehold on food herds many consumers to buy the cheaper, herbicide-ridden GMOs, which pale nutritionally in comparison to real organic food. This, in turn, weakens the immune system of the general populace, causing some to look to gimmicks like flu shots for protection, while self-empowering, immune-system-building nutrition is disregarded.These lab-engineered seeds, designed to withstand chemicals like Roundup, get the free pass, while consumers are left in the dark, not knowing what type of bacterial gene was used in the manufacture of that seed.It's easy to recognize that there is a monopoly on food, noting that biotech firms like Monsanto manufacture both the Roundup and its matching genetically engineered seed in the same place for a common purpose. Furthermore, these seeds are patented, making agriculture dependent on big business for providing food Food doesn't have to be a big business. If communities worked together, food could actually be grown whole and natural from smaller farms and individuals. Real food could be shared, traded and bartered for at the local level. Consumers wouldn't be scammed into buying unlabeled GMO food which props up monopolies and chemical labs. Heirloom seeds, straight from the victory garden, can provide liberty to all, as people begin reconnecting with nature and each other. Sun, water and soil converge to create miraculous, nutritious plants and herbs that can save people from falling prey to the pharmaceutical industries.It is true. The movement to grow one's own food is expanding. Farmers' markets and food co-ops are growing. People are learning more about GMOs in the food supply. As the call for greater transparency continues, people will consciously begin to take back control of the food supply.And the calls for transparency are being heard at the state level in California. California State Senator Norren Evans has recently introduced a new bill that would require genetically engineered food sold in California to be labeled. Californians for GE Food Labeling and another 17 environmental consumer food groups are backing the bill, which aims to bring transparency to the people of California and be more simple than Proposition 37.The new bill, which is expected to face opposition from the biotech industry and chemical giants, is a courageous stand against food secrecy."Californians agree -- we want the choice about the food we put on our dinner tables. We want a choice about the legacy we leave the Golden State's children," said Debbie Friedman, a co-chair of Moms Advocating Sustainability, one of the coalition groups. "Labeling genetically engineered foods gives us the opportunity to make informed decisions about our food, from farm to fork."Prop 37, which derived from California in 2012, required GMOs to be labeled in the state. The measure was defeated by biotech firms and chemical lobbyists. Monsanto's 47-million-dollar public relations campaign in 2012 ultimately pulled the strings and shut Prop 37 down.The new bill represented by state Senator Evans is much simpler and could pass, providing transparency to all Californian consumers, while protecting farmers from litigation."This is an inevitable wave of change," said Grant Lundberg, a third-generation rice farmer, CEO of Lundberg Family Farms and former co-chair of the Proposition 37 initiative campaign. "The effort has come full circle to California. The new straightforward bill is an even simpler, clearer version of Proposition 37. It would simply require food sold in California grocery stores to be labeled if it contains genetically engineered ingredients."While Monsanto is prepared to inject millions to fight the new transparency initiative, proponents of the GMO labeling bill are working to remove confusion. The new bill clarifies the proposed law, protecting farmers and placing limits on potential litigation against them.Kristin Urquiza, co-coordinator of Californians for GE Food Labeling, says, "California leaders have an opportunity to cut through the misinformation and give shoppers the right to choose what kind of food and food system they want."
100% Money-Back Guarantee
I personally guarantee you are going to so thoroughly enjoy your reading, you'll practically be begging me for your next reading. However, for whatever reason, if you are simply not at all thrilled by it, just tell me you want your money back.
Usually psychic networks and independent psychics urge, almost force you to try their services again. With me, there is a catch. If you insist on a refund, I will not be able to take you as a client in the future.
If I can't help you on the first call, then I failed at my job and I'd be doing a dis service to you as a client. I'll refund every penny you paid for this reading. No hard feelings. No questions asked. This applies only to the $1.99 reading for 10 minutes.
Where We Live: Portland's giant Martini House Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Portland architect Aaron Hall bought the Martini House in 2011 and built the new one, with this view, in 2015. (KOIN) [ + - ] Video
PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) -- Portland architect Aaron Hall will tell you they don't drink. But there's somethings that just come with living in the Martini House.
"We do make martinis when we have company," Hall said. "I don't drink, but I have learned how to make a martini."
The Martini House and its brilliant light-up martini are iconic in this place where we live, emerging every holiday season. The 30-by-30-foot sign in the Southwest Hills, built out of plastic pipes and LED lights in 2015, is hard to miss.
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Portland architect Aaron Hall bought the Martini House in 2011 and built the new one in 2015. (KOIN)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Portland architect Aaron Hall bought the Martini House in 2011 and built the new one in 2015. (KOIN)
"You can see it from all the way over Sandy Boulevard, you can see it down Division," Hall said. "You can see it all over the east side as well."
The Martini House and its martini glass have a long tradition. It goes back to the 1960s when an Italian family named the Martinis built a small version of the now-famous-sign at another house in the neighborhood. They turned it on for every party.
Then, in the 1970s, the Martinis moved away, but a neighborhood teenager, Monty Meadows, decided to maintain the sign with the help of their family. Dentist Gary Cook bought the house in the early 1980s, adding a slash through it to discourage drunk driving.
In 2011, Hall bought the property, entering into its rich history. They tore down the house and constructed a new one in 2013. But the glass was gone for 2 years. People noticed, too.
"Everybody was calling, saying 'Where's the sign, where's the sign?'" Hall remembers. "I said, 'It's coming back. I just have to build the house first.'"
Hall said the light-up glass will be a fixture forever. They plan to put a clause in the deed mandating that the glass be turned on during the holidays. And while he's there, even though they don't drink, he'll still make martinis.
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Portland architect Aaron Hall bought the Martini House in 2011 and built the new one, with this view, in 2015. (KOIN)
The zcash network ran into trouble yesterday, triggering fears of a blockchain fork.
Project founder Zooko Wilcox took to the zcash forums earlier today to detail what appears to have been an issue tied to an older version of the anonymous cryptocurrency's software. The move came after F2Pool founder Wang Chun first reported the problem on Github.
While initially suspected to be a chain fork – in which nodes on the network diverge into more than one transaction history – zcash team members later identified a bug in an older release that was addressed in an update published in November as the culprit. Nodes that haven't updated “just stop and refuse to follow any chain after they see the triggering block”, Wilcox wrote.
Wilcox went on to advise users to update to the latest release in order to avoid any potential problems.
The zcash team is planning to release more analysis of the bug, according to team member Sean Bowe.
“I will do a more detailed analysis of the cause, whether or not there was a sustained fork, etc. as soon as possible. I believe there wasn't a chain fork,” Bowe wrote. “Based on the nature of the bug, nodes that encounter the problem should just stall and fail to process new blocks. Indeed, this is how we discovered the bug in the first place.”
The bug also appears to have impacted the price of the anonymous cryptocurrency, according to data from Poloniex. Prices slid to a low of $33, and are down overall roughly 2.5% in the past 24 hours.
Disclaimer: CoinDesk is a subsidiary of Digital Currency Group, which has an ownership stake in Zcash Company.
Image via Shutterstock
In response to congressional inquiries, ICE has released information on some of the criminal aliens who have been released by the agency since 2010. Specifically, ICE provided information on aliens who were charged with homicides after being released and aliens who were released multiple times by ICE.
The criminal aliens released by ICE in these years — who had already been convicted of thousands of crimes — are responsible for a significant crime spree in American communities, including 124 aliens charged with 135 new homicides. Inexplicably, ICE is choosing to release some criminal aliens multiple times.
Only a tiny percentage of the released criminals have been removed — most receive the most generous forms of due process available, and are allowed to remain at large, without supervision, while they await drawn-out immigration hearings. They are permitted to take advantage of this inefficient processing even though they are more likely to re-offend than they are to be granted legal status.
There is a human cost to the Obama administration's careless catch and release policies for criminal aliens, euphemistically known as "prioritization". These policies have led to 124 new homicides since 2010, and thousands of other crimes that harm citizens and degrade the quality of life in American communities.
124 Aliens Charged With Homicide After Release Since 2010
A total of 121 criminal aliens who were freed by ICE over the five-year period between 2010 and 2014 were subsequently charged with homicide-related crimes within that time frame. (Three more were charged in 2015; see below.) These 121 accused murderers were associated with 250 different communities in the United States, with the most clustered in California, New York and Texas.
Some aliens had multiple zip codes associated with them in ICE's system, so the records include more zip codes than the 121 individual criminal aliens charged through 2014. (Three more were charged in 2015; ICE did not provide their zip codes.)
These aliens were charged with a total of 135 homicide-related crimes after release. Two of them had homicide-related convictions even before they were released.
These aliens had 464 criminal convictions prior to release by ICE, ranging from drug crimes to DUI and other driving offenses to larceny and theft.
Another three aliens who were released by ICE during that time were charged with homicides during the first 10 months of FY2015, bring the total number of criminals aliens released by ICE who subsequently were charged with homicide to 124.
This tally does not include aliens who were released by sanctuary jurisdictions, nor those aliens that were released by local law enforcement agencies after ICE declined to take them into custody due to Obama administration prioritization policies. This list includes only those aliens that ICE arrested and then released.
The names of the criminal aliens were redacted by the Judiciary Committee, but the list presumably includes murderers like Apolinar Altamirano, an illegal alien who was arrested by ICE in 2013 following their conviction on local charges involving a burglary and abduction, but who was released on a $10,000 bond and permitted to remain free and elect to have deportation proceedings that would take years to complete. In January 2015 Altamirano shot and killed 21-year-old Grant Ronnebeck while they were working at a convenience store where Altamirano had come to buy cigarettes.
Aliens Released By ICE on Multiple Occasions Since 2013 Commit Hundreds of New Crimes
ICE reported that there are 156 criminal aliens who were released at least twice by ICE since 2013. Between them, these criminals had 1,776 convictions before their first release in 2013, with burglary, larceny, and drug possession listed most frequently.
The vast majority (124) of these criminal aliens were released in California. In addition, 16 were released in Arizona, six in Texas, three in Florida, two in Georgia, and one each in North Carolina, Massachusetts, Wisconsin, Washington, and Oregon.
These criminal aliens racked up a total of 243 additional convictions after being freed by ICE. The largest number (24) were for drunk or drugged driving, but they also included drug offenses, burglary, theft and larceny, and sex offenses.
ICE further disclosed that 47 of the recidivist aliens who were released at least twice had since been charged with an additional 106 crimes since their most recent release. So far, 20 have been convicted of crimes including burglary, dangerous drugs, DUI, fraud, and assault on a police officer.
Why Were They Released?
ICE has previously disclosed that 75 percent of the homicidal criminal aliens were released due to court orders, including the so-called Zadvydas cases, in which the alien's home country would not take them back. The rest were released by ICE's choice.
Of the 156 recidivists that ICE released at least twice, fewer than half (67) were released because their home country would not take them back, 16 were released on bond by an immigration judge, and 73 were released by ICE's choice. ICE says it tried to contest only one of the releases ordered by an immigration judge — meaning that ICE essentially consented to more than half of these releases.
Of the 156, a total of 88 were released under "supervision", 40 were released on bond, and 28 were released on an order of recognizance (without supervision).
In a separate communication, ICE provided a list of the countries that currently are uncooperative in accepting their deported citizens: Afghanistan, Algeria, Burundi, Cape Verde, China, Cuba, Eritrea, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, India, Iran, Iraq, Ivory Coast, Liberia, Libya, Mali, Mauritania, Morocco, Sierra Leone, Somalia, South Sudan, and Zimbabwe.
Criminal Aliens Released in 2014 Were Convicted of 2,560 New Crimes
In 2014, ICE released a total of 30,558 criminal aliens from its custody. These aliens had already been convicted of 92,347 crimes before they were released by ICE.
As of July 25, 2015, a total of 1,895 aliens have been charged with a crime after being freed by ICE. As of that date, 1,607 aliens had been convicted of a crime after being freed by ICE. The total number of new crimes for which these aliens were convicted after ICE released them was 2,560.
These 2,560 new crimes by aliens ICE released instead of deported in 2014 include: 298 dangerous drug offenses, 185 assaults, 40 weapons offenses, 28 sex offenses, 10 sex assaults, four kidnappings, two arsons, and one homicide. There were 1,044 traffic offenses included in the list.
Only 3 percent of the Criminal Aliens Released in 2014 Have Been Removed
As of July 25, 2015, only 974 (3 percent) of the 30,558 criminal aliens freed by ICE in 2014 have been removed. Presumably some of these aliens are again incarcerated or in ICE custody following conviction for the 2,560 new crimes after their release by ICE.
However, ICE reports that 28,017 still had a pending immigration case as of July 25, 2015, suggesting that many of these released criminal aliens will remain here for some time under Obama administration policies that allow them to elect for drawn-out immigration court proceedings rather than accelerated forms of due process and removal.
In addition, there were 1,567 of these released criminal aliens who have been allowed to stay in the United States.
ICE's full response to the Judiciary Committee's inquiries can be found here.
Improved Reporting on Immigration Status of Criminals Needed
The public should not have to rely on members of Congress to demand information from federal immigration agencies about criminal aliens. Immigration status should be reported on a routine basis by all law enforcement agencies, so that federal authorities can respond appropriately when an alien is arrested, and so that the public can determine the true public safety impact of immigration policy. Legislation has been introduced by Rep. Mo Brooks (R-Ala.) that would remedy this problem.
• England's coach Simon Amor will whittle names down in seven-week camp • Final dozen players for Rio de Janeiro to be announced on 19 July
The Wasps scrum-half Joe Simpson is England's only full Test international in the GB Sevens training squad that will build towards the Rio Olympics.
The 27-year-old half-back joins Welsh XVs players Cory Allen and James Davies, the Scotland centre Mark Bennett, Harlequins' Ollie Lindsay-Hague and Newcastle's Marcus Watson in the 25-man training squad selected by the head coach Simon Amor.
Why Olympic inclusion could prove sevens heaven for rugby union | The Breakdown Read more
England Sevens players Dan Norton and Tom Mitchell and Scotland's Mark Robertson and Scott Riddell number among 19 short-format specialists.
Amor's training squad will convene on 30 May for a seven-week intensive training programme, including four international competitions. The final 12-strong Team GB squad for the Olympics will be announced on 19 July.
“We have watched a significant amount of footage throughout the season of 15-a-side players and every sevens game from England, Scotland and Wales,” said Amor. “Exciting talent was available to us and competition for places was tough. We're now really looking forward to bringing this group together as one team and creating an incredible Great Britain spirit.
“One of the main strengths of the players who have been named is their aggressive style of play in both attack and defence. Looking at how the games are won at the top level at the moment, it is very much about that physicality, teams who are fearless in the way they play.
“For the 15s players aiming to make that transition, recent sevens experience at the top level was important given how much the world of sevens rugby has progressed in the last three to four years.
“We were also targeting players in certain key positions to add strength in depth and complement the qualities of the specialists we already have.”
GB Sevens training squad
C Allen (Cardiff Blues), M Bennett (Glasgow Warriors), D Bibby (England Sevens), T Bowen (England Sevens), P Burgess (England Sevens), S Cross (Wales Sevens), J Davies (Scarlets), A Davis (England Sevens), R de Carpentier (England Sevens), J Farndale (Scotland Sevens), A Gray (England Sevens), C Hayter (England Sevens), W Lahmert (England Sevens), O Lindsay-Hague (Harlequins), G Lowe (Scotland Sevens), R McConnochie (England Sevens), T Mitchell (England Sevens), L Morgan (Wales Sevens), D Norton (England Sevens), S Riddell (Scotland Sevens), M Robertson (Scotland Sevens), J Rodwell (England Sevens), J Simpson (Wasps), L Treharne (Wales Sevens), M Watson (Newcastle Falcons).
Edinburgh is one of the slowest cities in the UK in which to drive, with cars typically moving at less than a third of the speed limit in the city centre, a report has revealed.
Drivers travelling within a one-mile radius of the centre of the capital reach an average of just 6.64mph – the slowest after London and Manchester. In Glasgow, speeds are only marginally higher at 6.84mph, having dropped from 8.56mph a year ago.
The study, by telematics firm In-car Cleverness, analysed nearly 400,000 journeys between April and June in 2016 and 2017, measuring average miles per hour achieved when driving within a five-mile radius of major city centres between 6am and 8pm.
The analysis came before the introduction of the first phase of Edinburgh's £2.2 million 20mph speed limit scheme in July last year.
Even within a five-mile radius of the centre of the capital, which reaches to outlying areas such as Hillend and Newcraighall, as well as parts of the City Bypass, commuters are still facing typical speeds of just 12.38mph.
In Glasgow, motorists can travel at an average speed of 15.79mph within five miles of the city centre – the fastest in the UK. London, however, showed the worst performance, with an average of just 5.13mph achieved by drivers in the heart of the city.
Paul O'Dowd, head of sales at In-car Cleverness, said: “The figures paint a stark picture of how everyday commuters, drivers and even businesses are struggling to get around or operate in some of the biggest hubs in the UK.”
Councillor Nick Cook, Conservative transport spokesperson, said the figures raise further questions over the decision to roll out 20mph speed limits across the city over the past year.
Edinburgh City Council transport convenor Lesley MacInnes said last night: “Our own research has shown support for the [20mph] scheme, which will not only make our roads safer, but will create a quieter, more relaxed atmosphere on streets.
“We're confident that, as the changes bed in, its benefits will become all the more apparent.”
Most golfers see a 436-yard hole as a tough par-4 they hope to make par on. Most golfers are not Rory McIlroy.
On Thursday at the Scottish Open, McIlroy opened with a sizzling 7-under 64, a course record at Royal Aberdeen and the outright lead on the first day of this championship.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
But that isn't why we're here. We're here because of what McIlroy did on the 13th hole. Yes, it might have been playing downwind, but that doesn't take anything away from the fact that Rory drove the green on the 436-yard par-4, an incredible smash considering most drives that travel 100 yards short of that are considered bombs.
How does this compare to some other long drives by other pros? Well, it is 39 yards longer than the longest drive on the PGA Tour all year, and 55 yards longer than any drive Rory has hit this season on the PGA Tour.
Rory two-putted for a birdie on the 13th after that drive, and had a little fun after their round about their incredible tee shot.
Great line from Rory on driving the 436yd 13th: "I told Poulter [in the group ahead] it was a 3-wood," MM — Bunkered Golf Mag (@BunkeredOnline) July 10, 2014
- - - - - - -
Shane Bacon is the editor of Devil Ball Golf and Busted Racquet on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email them at shanebaconblogs@yahoo.com or
Scott McDonald has revealed the two conversations led by manager Tony Mowbray that eventually led to the striker's exit at Celtic Park.
READ MORE - Rumour Mill: O'Halloran blasts Caixinha | Hibs & Rangers face striker battle | Scotland tickets row
The Australian told the Glasgow Is Green Podcast that they were already doubting their place in the side under the former Hoops captain when they overhead a private chat between Mowbray and fellow striker Marc-Antoine Fortuné, which let them know in no uncertain terms that the boss preferred other attackers at the club.
McDonald would complete a £3.5million move to Middlesbrough a short-time later, where they once again teamed up with Gordon Strachan, the man who originally brought them to Celtic in the summer of 2007.
Mowbray, meanwhile, would leave Celtic before finishing their first full season. They were sacked by the board following a 4-0 defeat at the hands of St Mirren, with the club already well behind Rangers in the title race.
McDonald said of their dealings with Mowbray: “Everything was fine until they brought me into their office and asked me a couple of questions, just about me. I was thinking why are you being asking me? Why haven't you done your homework? Why are you making me, uncomfortably, talk about my strengths and weaknesses?
“In the end, the conversation went like, ‘well, I don't think you do this and I don't think you do that', and I just walked out the door. It was quite negative and I was just left wondering, ‘what on earth was that about?' I don't mind being told my negatives because you need to improve as a player, but there are ways and means of going about it. I just felt from then that I wasn't going to be an integral part of their team.
“Every time they played me I scored, so they had a problem. They wanted to change it, but they couldn't. And every time they did it wouldn't work and I would come on and change it. They had a massive dilemma.
READ MORE - Moussa Dembele targeting comeback against Rangers
“There was a conversation that happened at a team talk. They were the first manager I had that would do video analysis. We would focus on the other side's set-pieces before heading to the ground for the game, So we all finished that and were ready to leave, and I went to the toilet as everyone got on the team bus. Now, there was a fire exit leading down, and I was at the top of the stairs and Tony was down at the bottom of the stairs talking to Marc-Antoine Fortuné.
“There are two ends to every stick, and looking back now I can see what they were doing, but at the time there was only one thing on my mind. They [Tony] was basically saying, ‘once they stop what he's doing, you're in the team. I fancy you more as a player, but we need to wait because I can't just bin him.'
“He didn't know I was there, but I let it be known I was there at the end. I didn't say anything but I just walked down, and it was quite an awkward moment for everyone. From that moment on I just knew we weren't going to get on. He's the manager, so he's not undermining me. But, at the same time, you're not their player. So that stuck with me throughout that whole period.”
When McDonald found out about interest from Middlesbrough, who were also looking to sign Barry Robson and Gary Caldwell, their prior relationship with Strachan was a big factor in their decision to quit Scottish football for the English second tier.
Though it was an easy decision at the time, McDonald now regrets the move, wishing he'd stuck around at Celtic Park.
They added: “I had a manager who believed in me, which wasn't what it felt like in the final six months at Celtic. I had a manager who'd brought me all the success I'd had until that point, who brought the best out of me, and I had someone who I believed in to be successful at Middlesbrough and to get the club promoted. So for all of those reasons, and the financial aspect, it was a no-brainer.
“Looking back I probably moved too early. I would have liked a little bit longer at Celtic.”
• Listen to the full episode of the Glasgow Is Green podcast here.
READ MORE - Five free agents centre backs Celtic could sign
Last summer, as it wrapped up multiple settlements after the Roger Ailes sexual harassment scandal, Fox News and its parent company, 21st Century Fox, were trying hard to end the ugliest chapter in its 20-year history.
The downfall of Mr. Ailes, the former chairperson and chief executive, had exposed a newsroom culture that many women there called hostile and demeaning. 21st Century Fox ordered an internal investigation and stated publicly that “behavior that disrespects women” would not be tolerated.
Nearly eight months later, the company finds itself still dealing with fallout from that crisis. In late February, 21st Century Fox reached a settlement worth more than $2.5 million with a former Fox News contributor who reported that they were sexually assaulted by an executive at company headquarters two years ago, according to people briefed on the agreement.
The contributor, Tamara N. Holder, has said that the network executive tried to force them to perform oral sex on them in February 2015 when the two were alone in their office, according to interviews with four people briefed on their account, and documents that detail their claims. Ms. Holder did not immediately report the episode to the company or the police, fearing that doing so would ruin their career, interviews and documents show.
Last week, we unveiled the epic lineup of games and panels we're bringing to Comic-Con this year. With Comic-Con being the biggest pop culture event of the year, Xbox is also committed to bring the best entertainment experiences and stars to the Xbox Lounge this year. We've also got some beautiful custom consoles to give away to some lucky fans!
Our entertainment activities at Comic-Con include partners that reach millions of gaming and entertainment fans on Xbox. Between the Xbox booth at the convention center (booth #100) and the Xbox Lounge in the Manchester Grand Hyatt (1 Market Place), here are a few ways we're teaming up at Comic-Con to reach fans one-on-one.
Awesome super heroics by Hulu. Prepare yourself for awesome superhero action as Hulu teams up with Xbox to bring Hulu Original The Awesomes back to Comic-Con. Zoom on over to the Xbox Lounge at the Manchester Grand Hyatt from 7/24-27 to record your very own superhero audition video. The Awesomes themselves will select the best audition to be animated into an upcoming episode. Plus, don't miss Seth Meyers and other cast members during their guest appearance at the Xbox Lounge from 4-5:00 p.m. on Saturday, 7/26. Need more superhero inspiration? There will also be a cape-making station in the lounge where Comic-Con attendees can create a custom cape that encapsulates their super character. The first 100 fans to audition each day will receive a limited edition Prock action figure, and ALL fans who audition will receive a gift card for 1-month free of Hulu Plus.
Fan-favorite talent appearances from HBO. On Friday, 7/25 at 4:00pm, catch True Blood's stone-cold vampire vixen Pam Swynford De Beaufort (Kristin Bauer van Straten) in the Xbox Lounge. Pam asks that you avoid bringing stakes and silver. Winter is coming to Comic-Con and Game of Thrones' dearly departed Oberyn Martell is joining us in sunny San Diego. On Saturday, 7/26 at 2:30 p.m., Pedro Pascal is scheduled to appear at the Xbox Lounge. Stop by the HBO GO living room at the Xbox Lounge all weekend to win custom prizes and more!
A BIG crowd-pleaser from WWE. WWE is bringing out the heavyweights as WWE Superstar Big E takes on Comic-Con. The hulking 290-pound former Intercontinental Champion, who deadlifts over 800 pounds and bench presses 575 pounds, is scheduled to come to the Xbox Lounge on Friday, 7/25 from 2-3:00 p.m. for photos and signings.
In addition to the entertainment news above, we've also got some other Comic-Con announcements to share with the fans we'll be seeing at the show. We'll be celebrating the games and apps currently on and coming to Xbox One with one-of-a-kind custom console giveaways. You could win a gorgeously designed Xbox One that'll make you the envy of your friends, just by stopping by the Lounge and tweeting a photo of your favorite one. From Sunset Overdrive and Halo: The Master Chief Collection to The Nerdist and MLG, there's sure to be one that strikes your fancy.
Finally, launching today is our brand-new Xbox Events website for Comic-Con (and beyond!) that will help keep you up-to-date on all of the happenings at our US events. For SDCC, you can find the latest Xbox at Comic-Con news, panel information, more details on winning a custom console, the complete breakdown of the great gaming and entertainment at the Xbox Lounge and our booth, and much more. Head on over to www.xboxeventsus.com to take a look for yourself.
Remember, we've got a few surprises in store for the show, so stay tuned for more news on SDCC next week here on Xbox Wire!
Cambridge Analytica, which uses ‘psychographic' methods to persuade voters, is looking to open Australia office
The data-mining company Cambridge Analytica, one of the key backroom operatives of Donald Trump's campaign for the White House, will meet on Thursday night with representatives of the Liberal party, government staff and parliamentarians, including the veterans' affairs minister, Dan Tehan.
The company, which uses controversial “psychographic” methods to identify which particular messages are most persuasive to voters, is looking to set up shop in Australia, and Thursday night's dinner has been organised by the Liberal party secretariat.
Robert Mercer: the big data billionaire waging war on mainstream media Read more
Sources are describing the soiree as a fact-finding exercise, given the firm was at the centre of the Trump campaign, and not any indication the Liberal party intends to move away from its longstanding campaign advisers, Crosby Textor.
While there is keen local interest in the company's methods, senior officials from Australia's major parties are also expressing caution about the operation.
One Liberal source told Guardian Australia: “Cultural cringe-style fascination with imported political techniques is something that rightly died 30 years ago in Australia – we have far more sophisticated data and messaging tools here, now, on all sides of politics, which are being successfully exported, not imported.”
Another said: “This is simple information gathering to see whether there is substance behind the company's rhetoric.”
A Labor figure said party members had heard from data vendors in Australia that Cambridge Analytica had been suggesting during pitches it already had a relationship with the ALP. “These guys are trying to get a foot in the door but we are about as likely to work with them as we are likely to work with Steve Bannon's other outlets.”
Did Cambridge Analytica influence the Brexit vote and the US election? Read more
The US hedge fund billionaire Robert Mercer, a major financial backer of Trump, reportedly has a $10m stake in Cambridge Analytica, which has operations in the US. The parent company is based in the UK.
The reclusive Mercer is also an investor in Breitbart News. Bannon – Trump's chief strategist – reportedly persuaded Mercer to invest both in Breitbart News and in the data analytics company.
Cambridge Analytica's website says it collects up to 5,000 data points on more than 220 million Americans, “and use more than 100 data variables to model target audience groups and predict the behaviour of like-minded people”.
The firm uses personality profiling – measuring openness, conscientiousness, extraversion, agreeableness and neuroticism – to design advertising and political messaging designed to appeal specifically to consumers.
It says it uses the personality profiling to “make unique connections between people who might look different to each other but who is a deep down are driven by the same needs and want the same things”.
The company's chief executive, Alexander Nix, has reportedly said: “Persuading somebody to vote a certain way, is really very similar to persuading 14- to 25-year-old boys in Indonesia to not join al-Qaida.”
Data firm in talks for role in White House messaging – and Trump business Read more
The firm initially worked for Ted Cruz's campaign, which paid Cambridge Analytica more than $5m to help identify voters in the Iowa caucuses – before switching to the Trump campaign.
The Washington Post reported the Trump campaign was given data on a computerised dashboard that offered recommendations “such as where to hold rallies, where volunteers should knock on doors, where potential donors live and where television ads should be placed”.
Reports suggest the Trump camp also made a substantial investment, paying $5m to the company in one month alone.
But the methods have generated considerable controversy and not everyone in professional politics is sold on the methodology.
One Republican political consultant quoted by the Spectator in December, said: “Their thesis is people don't know what they think about politics but we can anticipate what they will think based on their personality types.
“That's nonsense.”
Wauwatosa-based Penzeys Spices found itself in the middle of a political controversy last month after its owner heavily criticized President-elect Donald Trump; but it looks like the company's strong political stance has only served to help sales.
Owner Bill Penzey Jr. attracted both harsh criticism and support when they said to Republicans: "You just voted for an openly racist candidate for the presidency of the United States of America."
"The open embrace of racism by the Republican Party in this election is now unleashing a wave of ugliness unseen in this country for decades," Penzey Jr. added.
Though some called for a boycott of the nearly-60-year-old company in that letter's aftermath, a new letter posted to their Facebook page would suggest the gamble paid off:
Willing to take a hit for what is right, we did what we did. In the two weeks since, online sales are up 59.9%, gift box sales up 135%. And we didn't have a catalog arrive in this window this year, while last year we had 1.1 million! Yes, maybe for the moment we have lost 3% of our customers because of the so-called "right wing firestorm." And, yes, they send emails of rage, and ALL CAPS, and bad language with the hope of creating the perception that they are bigger than they really are. But what we learned is that, in terms of retail spending, Donald Trump simply has no one supporting their views for America. They have no constituency.
Penzeys Spices had 600,000 catalog customers as of 2007, CNN reported. There are nearly 70 retail locations around the country.
SID, Serbia/ROSZKE, Hungary (Reuters) - Hungary on Wednesday detained 29 people including a “terrorist” as migrants demanding to be let through the country's newly shut EU frontier clashed with riot police firing water cannon and tear gas while refugees searched for new ways to enter the bloc.
Hungary's decision this week to shut the EU's external border with Serbia was the most forceful attempt yet by a European country to reduce the flood of refugees and economic migrants overwhelming the bloc.
As thousands of migrants scattered across the Balkan peninsula tried to reach the EU, Hungary's prime minister said their country planned to put up a fence along parts of its border with Croatia and on the frontier with Romania to stem the flow.
Helmeted riot police backed by armored vehicles took up positions at the barricaded border crossing with Serbia, where male migrant youths pelted them with stones, demanding entry.
Hungary said it detained a “terrorist” among 29 migrants held during the clashes. At least 20 police officers and two children were injured, a Hungarian security official said.
“Police also captured an identified terrorist,” Gyorgy Bakondi, a security adviser to Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban, told state television M1. A government spokesperson said the man was “in the database of security services”.
“It is getting very ugly there,” said Ahmad, 58, a shopkeeper from Baghdad who went to the official border crossing at Sid in Serbia but realized they may have a better chance of entering the EU via Serbia's border with Croatia.
“As soon as we heard about a route to Croatia we did not wait long. I want to go to Sweden to meet the rest of my family. I hope we will be treated better in Croatia,” they told Reuters.
Serbia's prime minister accused Hungary of “brutal” and “non-European” behavior and urged the EU to respond.
“I call on the European Union to react, for its members to behave in line with European values,” Aleksandar Vucic told Serbian state television during a visit to the United States.
“If the EU does not react, we will find a way to protect our borders and European values as well,” they said.
Serbia said it would send extra police to the border and try to distance migrants from the fence, as three Hungarian military Humvees mounted with guns stepped up security on the other side.
U.N. SHOCKED
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expressed shock and alarm at the treatment of refugees and migrants at Hungary's border with Serbia. The Council of Europe human rights body said it had asked Hungary to explain its new legislation on the crisis.
Antonio Guterres, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, urged Hungarian authorities to ensure “unimpeded access” for people as they flee wars and persecution.
“UNHCR was especially shocked and saddened to witness Syrian refugees, including families with children who have already suffered so much, being prevented from entering the EU with water cannon and tear gas,” it said in a statement.
Serbia's border with Hungary has until now been the main route for migrants, who come mostly by dinghy to Greece, then trek across the Balkan peninsula to reach the EU's frontier-free Schengen zone, most bound for Germany.
Migrants scattered through Balkan countries said they were seeking other routes, possibly through Croatia or Romania, which are in the EU though not in Schengen.
“If not Hungary, we will have to find another way. Most probably Croatia and from there we will see,” said 43-year-old Mehmed from Damascus, holding their three-year-old daughter after crossing into Macedonia from Greece.
Croatia said it would send experts to its Serbian border to identify minefields from the Balkan wars of the 1990s, the last time hundreds of thousands of displaced people marched across Europe.
The goal for most is Germany, which cut off trains from Austria on Wednesday to slow the flow of arrivals.
Tens of thousands of migrants have rushed to Austria in recent days to cross before Hungary shut the frontier. Austria said it would impose border controls on its frontier with Slovenia, along the likely new route from Croatia.
Migrants protest as Hungarian riot police fires tear gas and water cannon at the border crossing with Serbia in Roszke, Hungary September 16, 2015. REUTERS/Stoyan Nenov
“FENCES, DOGS”
Hungary has thrown up a 3.5-metre (10-foot) fence along most of its border with Serbia and is working to extend it along the border with Romania, prompting Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta to evoke the continent's darkest era.
“Fences, dogs, cops and guns: this looks like Europe in the 1930s. And did we solve the refugee problem with this? No, we didn't,” they said. “Erecting a fence only throws the problem into Serbia, into Croatia, into Romania.”
At the Croatian border with Serbia, Reuters reporters saw hundreds of people, some of whom said they were Iraqi, trek through fields near the Sid border crossing.
The biggest flow of immigrants into Western Europe since World War Two has sown discord, fuelling the rise of far-right political parties and jeopardizing the 20-year-old achievement of Schengen's border-free travel.
Hungary says it is simply enforcing EU rules by sealing the Schengen zone's external border. It says Serbia is a safe country, so asylum seekers who reach the frontier there can be automatically turned back in a process that should take hours.
Hungary's Orban told Austrian newspaper Die Presse their formerly Communist country would erect fences at some places on the Croatian border as well as along the Romanian border.
The United Nations says Serbia lacks the capacity to receive refugees halted at the gates of Europe. Critics say Orban's anti-immigrant rhetoric has crossed the line into xenophobia.
The crisis has pitted countries that are comparatively open, led by Germany, against those, many in formerly Communist eastern Europe, who say the welcoming approach has made the problem worse by encouraging people to make dangerous voyages.
Hungary blames Germany for exacerbating the crisis by announcing in August it would suspend normal EU asylum rules and take in Syrian refugees regardless of where they enter the EU.
Thousands have since been trekking across the bloc, mainly through Hungary and Austria, to reach Germany, clogging railway stations and forcing trains to be canceled.
An emergency meeting of EU ministers this week failed to agree on a Berlin-backed plan to share out 160,000 refugees.
Slideshow (18 Images)
A German cabinet minister said on Tuesday the EU should consider financial penalties against countries that refuse to take their share, drawing angry responses from countries which oppose quotas, such as the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Orban said in remarks published in German newspaper Die Welt on Wednesday that if the EU decides to impose mandatory quotas of asylum seekers, Hungary would have to comply.
Orban said Hungary was prepared to talk about quotas but on a voluntary basis and only when the influx of refugees stopped.
Actor, writer and director Alice Lowe has made a name for themselves with projects that orbit the worlds of horror and comedy, such as Garth Merenghi's Darkplace and Sightseers. Them debut as a filmmaker Prevenge will continue this association and is already gaining serious praise for it's mix of tense chills and cackle-out-loud humour.
A massive fan of the genre, Alice has teamed up with the folks at the excellent horror movie streaming service, Shudder, to curate eight of their favourite shockers. It's an intriguing list, ranging from comedy horror classics like An American Werewolf In London to groo-fests like Lamberto Bava's Demons and even a shlocky cult classic in the shape of Ken Russell's magnificently hysterical Lair Of The White Worm
You can view Alice's selections at the Shudder site, where you can also sign up for a free seven day trial. Something that we here at The Quietus film section would heartily recommend.
Read on for Alice Lowe's list of favourite horror films, all available to stream on Shudder now.
Harlequin
An appealingly unique curiosity. I was sold as soon as I knew Bowie was intended for the lead role. The message is ambiguous: either Robert Powell is a sparkly Messiah, or a con man. And the imagery is somewhere between Bergerac and Godspell. It's based on Rasputin apparently. But I see it as more of a spangly twisted Mary Poppins. It's a strange paean to the death of the '70s. Or the death of patterned jumpsuits anyway. Part of a film trend for psychokinesis, some great period features in this film, including psycho-humming, an evil Chinese chequer board, and binocular-view screen effects. My favourite bit is the haunted kitchen floor stain.
The Lair Of The White Worm
I'm a die-hard Ken Russell fan, so I couldn't pick this. Their imagery is nothing if not memorable. When Amanda Donohoe steps out from behind a tree in a white tricorn hat and shoulderpads, it's like I've died and gone to cobra heaven. She's a high camp Countess Dracula by way of Joan Collins. So unusual to have a woman in the predator role, and the film certainly doesn't shy away from certain of their more surprising… attributes. This film gets a bad rap, but it's clear that everyone's having a lot of fun in it. I love Ken's trademark psychedelia in the extended flashbacks and dream sequences. And there's more imagination and flare in this than any of your standard horror fare. Some of it is entirely tongue in cheek (Capaldi's bagpipes). But it fits in perfectly for me with the canon of British pagan/folk horror such as Wicker Man, American Werewolf, Blood on Satan's Claw and Quatermass. It should also be noted for the birth of Hugh Grant's iconic hairdo. A hairdo so pervasive that even Peter Capaldi has it.
Dearest Sister
Set in Lao, a ghostly horror, but one that is refreshingly unflinching in the brutality of its (mainly female) characters. To my Western sensibilities it invoked fairytale. Whether it's psycho Cinderella or the twisted Ugly Sisters I'm unsure (the leads are undeniably stunning though!). It's a psychological tale, claustrophobic and increasingly tense, as a young woman is sent to be the live-in maid to their cousin who is losing their sight. Regardless of the uneasy eerie moments, big themes are bubbling under the surface. Female rivalry, greed, jealousy, the corruption of money, consumerism, and the tensions in Lao between rural poverty and rich Western tourism. I loved that none of the characters are ‘nice'. They're creatures of need and want, ready to take whatever opportunity for improving their own circumstance. As a viewer, your allegiances constantly hover and shift, the morality of the tale slipping out of your grasp with every twist and turn, just like Ana's eyesight. So well done.
Scanners
Probably my first Cronenberg film (seen on TV as a kid), and it's gripping and brilliant. Again, psychic powers. I suppose a trope in horror because of its cinematic cheapness: all you have to do is film someone stares hard at someone else. But Scanners goes the whole hog, and Dick Smith's effects are literally mind-blowing. Patrick McGoohan is masterfully Obi-Wan-like. And Michael Ironside is Jack-Nicholson-level mesmerising and demonic. On repeat viewing, what jumps out for me is the brilliant sound design. Which I guess is an essential part of the cinematic ESP arsenal. I think there's something very satisfying about psychic powers. It must be every nerd's fantasy that the reason you don't fit in with the other muggles is your special powers. Which means people shouldn't cross you as you might destroy them with your mind. Even if your body is puny. Cathartic viewing!
American Werewolf In London
A stone cold classic. If you haven't seen it, you're in for a treat. But one that you don't deserve, because, why the hell haven't you seen it? It's a very useful example of a successful mix of horror and comedy, and as such often toted around by me in meetings! The transformation effects are definitive. The comedy so louchely brilliant. The pub scene sticks in the mind as iconic and still profoundly relevant for anyone currently taking a minibreak in the British countryside. And a dead best friend character? It shouldn't work but it does. Agutter is divine. They live near me. I don't stalk them Honest. And the ending. They manage to get pathos in there and suddenly the whole thing feels more heavyweight than you ever expected. Just a brilliant brilliant film. One of my all-time favourites.
American Psycho
Such a perfectly executed film, unusual in being better than the book in my humble opinion, and more and more seemingly prescient as time passes. You get the sense that Hannibal, Dexter and Wolf of Wall Street, maybe even Mad Men, owe a debt to this film, which renders a psycho cinematically palatable, nay, delectable. A film that casts horror as ice cold and illuminated rather than traditional blood red and darkness. There's a scene in PREVENGE which without realising it is a homage to American Psycho, (it was more consciously influenced by The Apprentice if I'm honest… But there's plenty of stuff linking The Apprentice with Ellis' novel.) A brilliant satire on the reptilian attitudes of our consumerist capitalist corporate society. Terrifying. But also an awesome comedy. Huey Lewis. Genesis. The business card scene. The scariest thing? It all feels like NOW.
Best Line: "Is that Donald Trump's car?"
Let The Right One In
I knew this would be up my street as soon as it was trailed. It has to be one of my favourite films of the last few years, and again, a classic. It has its own pace, atmosphere and memorably idiosyncratic scenes. I felt like I was still in a snow town when I came out of the cinema. Soft, yet biting. Like a marshmallow with fangs. It's a love story that thrives on contrasts. A young boy meets an ancient vampire. Very simple. Somehow fairytale and naïve. But brutal and dark. A bittersweet romance. Hansel and Gretel with vampires. When I think back to it, it has the same alien charm as the Man Who Fell To Earth or E.T. : Outsider reveals true self to lonely individual, lonely individual protects outsider from persecution from society. It's a nice story! Afterall! In fact the girl is a saviour…
Special mentions go to Demons and The Stendhal Syndrome Because it was so hard to choose!
Resistance to s.144 of the Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act (LASPO) 2012 that outlaws squatting in residential buildings is growing. Ultimately, the law may prove unworkable and unenforceable. There have been a number of successful prosecutions under the new law, including the widely publicised conviction and imprisonment of 21 year old Alex Haigh who came to London looking for work and stayed in an unoccupied housing association flat. They pleaded guilty, but it has since become clear that where a not guilty plea is entered by defendant, it may be difficult if not impossible for the prosecution to prove the charge. After some notable acquittals, we have a better idea about the obstacles facing hapless prosecutors and some of the ways in which well-informed residential squatters might go about successfully defending themselves in court. Read on.
Background to s.144
Section 144 of the Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act (LASPO) became law on September 1, 2012. In brief, it is now a criminal offence if a person is inside a residential building as a trespasser and living or intending to live there. Yet "living" is hard to prove, as the cases below demonstrate. Just as activist groups such as SQUASH were warning all along, the new law is now falling apart under legal scrutiny. This is fantastic; it should not be a crime to occupy unused or derelict space.
Some early prosecutions ended in conviction
Unfortunately, there have already been successful prosecutions and at least two people have been sent to prison. It is hard to track figures countrywide, but Alex Haigh is regarded to have been the first person to be convicted, after being arrested in a squat in Pimlico, London. They were sentenced to 12 weeks in jail. Henry from Bristol was also an early casualty of the new law.
A homeless Polish man was accosted by police who broke into a derelict house to tell them to leave. When they went back to sleep instead, they came back and arrested him.
Despite pubs specifically being excluded from section 144 in the Government's own guidance, two people were convicted in Romford last year of squatting a flat in a pub, although it is unclear whether they actually served time in the end.
There are no doubt other cases elsewhere, which groups such as the Squatters Legal Network are trying hard to follow.
Also for example, there was the case of the Spanish squatters in London who changed their plea from not guilty to guilty (they didn't get prison sentences, but it seems they received bad legal advice).
Of course, the new law is also being used a lot by police to intimidate people into leaving squats and it seems quite common for people to be arrested and not charged (by which time their house has been boarded up again). However, section 144 is now being challenged by people who are refusing to plead guilty...
Brighton Three go free
In Brighton, three squatters were arrested in a raid two days after the law changed. In what was seen as a test case for the police, they were charged with the new offence of squatting, as well as obstruction and abstraction (of electricity). Two squatters had all charges dropped, the other was convicted on the word of a copper. On appeal in October 2013, this conviction was also thrown out, since the Judge and two magistrates agreed that there was absolutely no proof that the squatters were actually living there. There is some analysis of the court case here.
The judge refused to comment on the second defence argument, namely that the building, despite being defined as residential by both the property management company and the police, had actually never been converted to residential.
Acquittal in Moelfre case
Tristan Dixon was accused of squatting a derelict house in Moelfre, Powys where they had planned to cultivate the abandoned land rather than reside. They were convicted under section 144 at Welshpool magistrates court with the help of a crap solicitor and subsequently appealed the conviction. Having filed a motion to have the initial charges quashed, they were then informed that the CPS would not be contesting the appeal, but Tristan wanted the case to be heard so that the legal issues could be aired in court and properly considered. At Mold Crown Court on 6 November, Judge Rowlands threatened Tristan with the possibility of exorbitant legal costs if they insisted on the case going ahead, so in the end they settled for an acquittal. A protest against homelessness and in support of squatting was held outside the Crown and County Court building where at least ten repossession cases were being heard that day.
Some of the issues over the original conviction were that the charge was ill-founded, failing to address knowledge of trespassing and charging Tristan with 'living' or 'intending to live' in the property without specifying any period of time, as well as conflating these two alleged offences ('living' and 'intending to live') into one, creating what was in effect an uncertain charge.
Southwark Protest Squat
The occupation of two Council houses in Southwark to prevent their sell-off for profit justifiably gathered a lot of media attention. But it also highlighted another way to attack s.144, which is to squat something as a protest rather than for living. This seems to have gone very well in this case so far, with the police not threatening to evict, despite the houses clearly being residential.
See also Housing Action Southwark & Lambeth
As the squatters say,
"we hope that our protest shows that the law to criminalise squatting in residential buildings (section 144) should not apply to protest occupations such as ours and that empty residential buildings should still be used for such acts."
Mike Weatherley is a coward case
As an amusing sidenote, the trial of the person charged under Section 4a of the Public Order Act (for calling Mike Weatherley a coward!) continued on November 11 at Brighton Magistrates Court. Weatherley and their cronies appear to want to scapegoat someone as revenge for getting chased off the University of Sussex campus by a large group of people last year.
Whilst they appear to be building a case of affray, the Crown must prove that the defendant caused alarm, distress or harassment to Weatherley and it seems unlikely they will be able to. At the hearing on 11 November, a submission to dismiss the case was made, but this was refused by the Judge and the case will continue on 12 November. Follow @housingwar on Twitter for updates.
Practical advice for squatters
So it seems clear that people arrested under s.144 should not talk to the police except to give a no comment interview and should not plead guilty to the offence. The examples mentioned above show that it is difficult to prove that a squatter is "living or intending to live" in a squat without a major surveillance operation. This already makes the law unenforceable. Add to that arguments about the squat being a protest rather than residential, or perhaps a dispute over whether the specific building in question is even legally adapted as residential, and it seems clear that s.144 is unworkable in practice. On top of that, the huge expense that the police will have to go to, with forensic analysis of food and mattresses, door-to-door interviews with neighbours and observation of the squat, makes the law unaffordable! The "crime" of squatting residential buildings will continue!
White Yoshis are a variety of Yoshi. As with Black Yoshis, White Yoshis have some powers other Yoshis don't, such as eating Red Peppers and not losing happiness in Yoshi's Story.
History [ edit ]
Yoshi franchise [ edit ]
Yoshi's Story [ edit ]
Yoshi's Story White Yoshi in
A White Yoshi first appeared as a playable character in Yoshi's Story. One can be found in Stage 3-2: The Tall Tower or in Stage 3-3: Poochy and Nippy.
In this game, they, like the Black Yoshis, can eat things that normal Yoshis cannot, like Red Peppers and Black Shy Guys. White Yoshis can also flutter further when they're a Super Happy Yoshi, and fire eggs that explode when their happy meter is full. Also, while the Black Yoshi has the lowest pitched voice, White Yoshi has the highest pitched voice. If White Yoshi is lost, White Shy Guy cannot bring them back unless the game has been completed with White Yoshi in the party at least once.
If one of the Blurps in Jungle Puddle eats a White Yoshi, they will display an upset emotion bubble, suggesting that White and Black Yoshis taste bad to enemies.
Diet [ edit ]
Yoshi Touch & Go [ edit ]
In Yoshi Touch & Go, after completing a 1,000-yard run when using a Black Yoshi in Marathon mode, a White Yoshi may appear randomly, which can hold an infinite number of eggs, but can only be used for one 1,000-yard runs.
Yoshi's Island DS [ edit ]
White Yoshis appear in Yoshi's Island DS, playable in the Extra stage in each world.
Yoshi's Woolly World / Poochy & Yoshi's Woolly World [ edit ]
A White Yoshi is playable in Yoshi's Woolly World, and in the remake Poochy & Yoshi's Woolly World. After the player beats Baby Bowser, seven basic-colored Yoshis are freed, including a White Yoshi.
Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door [ edit ]
Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door. The white Yoshi kid from
In Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door, it is possible to obtain a white Yoshi Kid from the egg that hatches in the Glitz Pit. Noticeably, this Yoshi has maroon shoes compared to the typical blue, and themselves is tinted a very light shade of blue, instead of pure white.
Mario Tennis series [ edit ]
Mario Power Tennis / New Play Control! Mario Power Tennis [ edit ]
In Mario Power Tennis, Yoshi can change colors every time they perform a Rolling Egg Return, provided the player has completed the Flower Cup with any character. One of the colors that Yoshi can turn is white.
Mario Tennis Open [ edit ]
White Yoshi's art from Mario Tennis Open. QR Codes.
White Yoshi appears in Mario Tennis Open as an downloadable QR code character. Like Boo, Bowser Jr., and Baby Peach, they are a tricky type character.
Mario & Sonic at the London 2012 Olympic Games [ edit ]
White Yoshi alongside the different Yoshi colors.
White Yoshi appears alongside various other Yoshis in Dream Equestrian.
Mario Kart 8 / Mario Kart 8 Deluxe [ edit ]
In Mario Kart 8, a White Yoshi appears as an alternate skin for Yoshi through DLC. It is available only through purchasing both the The Legend of Zelda × Mario Kart 8 and Animal Crossing × Mario Kart 8 DLC packs.
In Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, White Yoshi is included as an alternate color for Yoshi within the base game. White Yoshi is the 200cc staff ghost for Shy Guy Falls.
Physical appearance [ edit ]
In Yoshi's Story, White Yoshi debuts with white skin and cyan shoes with a red saddle. This design has gone unchanged.
Game appearances [ edit ]
Names in other languages [ edit ]
Forbes Columnist: RI Will Be Blown Away by Pension Investigation
High profile Forbes columnist Edward Siedle, along with the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees (AFSCME) will be unveiling today the findings of a months-long investigation into the Rhode Island pension system.
"I think Rhode Island taxpayers will be blown away by these findings, if they understand what's going on, and I think I've put it in language that they can," said Siedle. "This is a shot across the bow of the hedge fund takeover of public pension funds across the country, which has been going on for close to ten years now."
AFSCME, in conjunction with Siedle, will be unveiling their findings today at a press conference at 2 P.M.
See Timeline of Rhode Island Pension Reform Battle BELOW
Siedle, a former SEC investigator involved in the Bernie Madoff case, was retained by AFSCME this past June to conduct the investigation. Siedle is the founder of the Whistleblower Opportunity Trust and Benchmark Financial Services, and counts among their experience having "pioneered over $1 trillion in forensic investigations of the money management industry."
The findings will present a major development in the continuing local and national scrutiny of the state's pension system, following on the heels of Matt Taibbi's recent indictment of Rhode Island's pension reforms in Rolling Stone magazine - and could raise questions on the future legal proceedings which are currently the subject of a lawsuit pending before the state.
Fees Under Fire
Siedle, who has written such articles as "Rhode Island Pension Reform Looks More Like a Wall Street Feeding Frenzy," and "Rhode Island's 3% COLA Will Go to Pay Wall Street 4%+ Fees" was tapped by the union to look into Rhode Island's pension system -- and the fee structure to hedge fund money managers in particular.
AFSCME had pursued information on ERSRI (Employees' Retirement System of Rhode Island) through Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request back in January for money management fees to investment managers -- both in dollars and basis points. When told by the General Treasurer's office that they would need to pay a fee for the search and retrieval of the public information on the latter, AFSCME criticized the "continuation of the ratcheting up of opaque investments not on the market."
Siedle said at the time, "In my experience, hedge funds -- and their managers -- know exactly what they're charging, and what their management fees are in basis points. These numbers should be readily available. For a public office to ask that kind of money for public records, while legal, is pretty much unheard of."
The investigation, according to Siedle, was two-fold. "There really were two parallel investigations here, one of the Treasurer, and of the state's pension fund itself."
Siedle believes the findings will have major ramifications nationally -- most notably on the hedge fund industry. "They're savvy, they have incredible financial resources -- you need to understand the level of secrecy, and really understand finance and politics to get a grasp of what's going on here."
They noted however that a great deal of the information they used in their investigation was from the hedge fund industry itself, when they were not getting the information they requested from Raimondo's office.
"The saying is investment money is like water -- if you build a dam, the water will flow elsewhere," said Siedle. "It's the same for information. If you try to stop people from getting it from one source, they'll get elsewhere."
Raimondo's Response to Critics
Raimondo, who was awarded the "Small Public Plan of the Year" award by Institutional Investor magazine in July, currently has over $2 million in their political war chest as of the last campaign filing reporting period, and is widely considered to be announcing a run for Governor soon.
Raimondo recently responded to criticisms of their handling of the state's pension systems in Rolling Stone. Raimondo spokesperson Joy Fox said, “This is clearly a political propaganda piece driven by the critics of pension reform, including those who are paid by local labor leaders to discredit the state's reforms and its investment policies."
Fox continued, "In 2011, Rhode Island had a choice. It could have done nothing and been dishonest about its problem. Instead, Rhode Island leaders came together, courageously put politics aside, and made the tough decision to protect the retirements of hardworking public employees and retirees.”
Fox went on to note that it was "important to remember" the following regarding pension reform, including that the treasurer "fought to always keep a defined benefit pension, and always respected collective bargaining," reform "passed overwhelmingly in a Democrat-controlled General Assembly," there were "countless hours of labor-attended pension advisory group meetings, legislative hearings and town hall-style meetings with the Treasurer and Governor," and "all but one vote to approve the hedge funds were unanimous."
Siedle and AFSCME's findings are due to be released today at 2pm.
Related Slideshow: Timeline - Rhode Island Pension Reform
Related Articles
Enjoy this post? Share it with others.
Yesterday, we got through the first fifth of our countdown of the characters that fought Freddy Krueger in the Elm Street franchise – if you missed it, check it out here. Today, our adventure in slumberland continues with another ten dream warriors, so fasten your seat belts and remember, no screaming while the bus is in motion!
40. John Doe
Played by: Shon Greenblatt
Appears in: FREDDY'S DEAD: THE FINAL NIGHTMARE
Distinguishing Characteristics: The last, last, last of the Elm Street children (maybe), shoeless.
It's a little bit unfair to judge an amnesiac for not having a personality. John Doe is essentially just used as an insanely logistical pinball for Freddy, who sends them out of Springwood without their memory just so they can coincidentally end up at the youth center where their daughter works (how they know this will work, I have no clue) so they can drive back to Springwood and happen upon the Thompson's old house just so they can possess their daughter on the way out of town. Or something. Meanwhile, they do get a lot of dream time with Freddy, but since he's not allowed to really have personality traits and the movie is so goofy, they mostly consist of live-action takes on Road Runner cartoons. Maybe that was their personality? They were a huge Chuck Jones fan, who also liked THE WIZARD OF OZ? That actually makes them sound like a much more interesting guy than they come off as in the film.
39. Gibb
Played by: Katharine Isabelle
Appears in: FREDDY VS. JASON
Distinguishing Characteristics: Drunk and kind of slutty
I'm not sure why Gibb, who's killed off halfway through the film, is at least as interesting as Kia, who makes it nearly to the end, but it may have to do with the fact that Katharine Isabelle, the star of the GINGER SNAPS series, is just a more compelling actor to watch. And at least they get something of a story arc — their boyfriend is killed at the beginning, and they drown their sorrows in crappy rave booze, resulting in their passing out and getting attcked by Freddy, but Jason cock-blocks him, killing them along with a guy putting the moves on their unconscious body. She's pretty much the definition of a doomed character, but at least she's not actively annoying.
38. Joey
Played by: Rodney Eastman
Appears in: A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET 3: DREAM WARRIORS, A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET 4: THE DREAM MASTER
Distinguishing Characteristics: Mute until he's not, easily distracted by boobs.
Joey was originally ranked much higher. It seems like they should be — he's one of the few main characters who survived a film, even if they get killed off early in the follow-up. But on retrospect, Joey is useless. He's captured by Freddy because he's too stupid and horny to realize that a nurse is not going to want to randomly screw some crazy, suicidal kid, and then everyone has to go in and rescue him, causing a bunch of them to get killed. Thanks, Joey. Then they finally get legitimately killed in the next film by, again, getting seduced by tits. So their muteness suddenly evaporates allowing them to break a bunch of mirrors — fat lot of good that did Taryn and Will. They don't even have a personality other than their Benny Hill-level ogling and lack of dialogue — do they even have dialogue in Part 4? I watched it yesterday and I remember more from the lyrics to Billy Idol's “Fatal Charm,” the song that plays during their death scene, than I do any actual words from Joey. Screw you, Joey. You suck.
37. Lt. Don Thompson
Played by: John Saxon
Appears in: A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET, A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET 3: DREAM WARRIORS
Distinguishing Characteristics: A cop who drinks with their own set of rules
Okay, so John Saxon is great in anything, but Lt. Thompson is interesting as a once-strong man who becomes as drunken, wimpy loser. The highlight of their life in terms of the Elm Street series is being among those who burned the guy to death in the first place, and that they may or may not have been the arresting officer who botched the chance for them to be properly tried. After that, it's all downhill — they don't believe what's going on in the first film, so they react to everything way too late, and by the third film, he's brought in to show Dr. Gordon where the bones are buried only after being threatened at gunpoint. Then they try to leave, but being terrible at their job, he's unable to. Then Freddy kills him. He's even useless after death, as Freddy uses their image to lure in Nancy to kill them If they were being played by anyone other than Saxon, he'd be a useless, sniveling dog shit of a character, but at least Saxon manages to wring some pity out of the role even if they never really becomes sympathetic.
36. Carlos
Played by: Ricky Dean Logan
Appears in: FREDDY'S DEAD: THE FINAL NIGHTMARE
Distinguishing Characteristics: Deaf, and apparently believes he's in something much zanier.
There's a good idea somewhere in the character of Carlos, a character who relies on a hearing aid to listen to others. Their death sequence isn't terrible, either — Freddy replaces their hearing aid with a device that causes sounds to be massively amplified, and then torments them with common sounds until their head explodes. But Logan plays Carlos like he's the goofy best friend in a screwball comedy, overreacting to everything and not giving them any identity other than “the annoying deaf guy.” Like everyone else in the movie, he's got parental issues, but at least it's mother-based with him. The rest of FREDDY'S DEAD is so much more of a comedy than a horror film anyway, so maybe Logan was right to embrace the goofiness of it all, but as an Elm Street character, they seem wildly out of place.
35. JACOB
Played by: Whit Hertford
Appears in: A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET 5: THE DREAM CHILD
Distinguishing Characteristics:
Did you know that Whit Hertford is one of the few actors to be in both the “Munsters” and “Addams Family” franchises? It's true! They played a “Kid Grandpa” in an episode of “The Munsters Today” and a little version of Tully, the Dan Hedaya character, in THE ADDAMS FAMILY. This is marginally interesting [citation needed], but even though he's the title character in THE DREAM CHILD, Jacob really isn't. Sure, he's the offspring of Alice and Dan, Freddy uses them as a conduit back into the world and they end up killing Freddy at the end with the help of Amanda Krueger, but as good and creepy as Hertford is as Jacob, he's not really given a presence beyond “spooky-looking child.” Still, they both jump-starts and ends the plot, and their presence even leads to a rare (and honest) genre film discussion about abortion, so points to the character's existence, if not the actual execution. Why do they emerge as an eight-year-old in dreams, anyway?
34. Freeberg
Played by: Kyle Labine
Appears in: FREDDY VS. JASON
Distinguishing Characteristics: Jay, sans Silent Bob
(As sung to a strained version of Jefferson Airplane's “White Rabbit”) And if you hang with the main characters / and you have no sense at all / then a hookah-smoking caterpillar / will entice you to a brawl / You'd call Alice, but she's in an entirely different film….
33. Chase
Played by: David Newsom
Appears in: WES CRAVEN'S NEW NIGHTMARE
Distinguishing Characteristics: Special effects artist who attempts romantic chemistry with “Heather Langenkamp.”
“Heather Langenkamp”‘s husband , a special effects artist who, unknown to their wife, is working on a new Elm Street film, is a curious case — they should have a lot of impact on the plot, and they seem like a decent character, but he's killed off early in the film in a death sequence similar to Dan's in part 5. As a result, the plot does get jump-started with a distressed Heather figuring out what's going on, but very little has to do with the character of Chase himself. In fact, Chase is awfully similar to Dan in part 5 — likeable, quickly disposed of, and ultimately forgotten outside of their death being a mechanism for forwarding the plot for their love interest.
32. Philip
Played by: Bradley Gregg
Appears in: A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET 3: DREAM WARRIORS
Distinguishing Characteristics: They like puppets.
I like Phillip. He's got a genuinely horrifying death sequence, and he's given enough of a personality that it actually had impact. It's a nice touch that he's not allowed to use knives to create their puppets, and theirs was the first dream sequence in the series that actually seemed based in the traits of their character. That said, their death is one of many dismissed as a suicide by everyone, so it doesn't have much of an impact on the plot, and you kind of forget about them by the time the actual dream warrioring kicks in.
31. Tina
Played by: Amanda Wyss
Appears in: A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET
Distinguishing Characteristics: Gravity-defying death sequence
Tina's death was the first in the series, and it's a brutal one, setting the tone for a much harder, more bleak tone than what emerged from the sequels. While Amanda Wyss doesn't get a lot of screen time as Tina, they do emerge as a sympathetic character, one whose enjoyment of life is clearly being blocked by the dreams she's having. Even after their murder, their spirit hangs around, both in the literal form as a warning to Nancy and as a springboard for all of they horrific events that follow. It's a big jump between the impact of Tina's death on the rest of the film and many of the later sequels, in which the first murder victim is forgotten entirely by the other characters after a few minutes, sometimes literally.
Click here for 30-21, and make your profanity-laced ranting in the comments below!
KEEP THE POPCORN BUTTERED AND BURNT,
P
New Hampshire legislators last week debated the merits of decriminalizing prostitution, in response to a bipartisan bill filed by state Reps. Amanda Bouldin (D-Hillsborough), Carole McGuire (R-Merrimack), and Elizabeth Edwards (D-Hillsborough).
On Thursday, January 28, the New Hampshire Criminal Justice and Public Safety Committee held a hearing on House Bill 1614, which removes all criminal penalties for "consensual sex between consenting adults" whether money is exchanged or not while making "any solicitation of sexual contact involving a person under 18 years of age or through the use of force or intimidation a felony."
"We put forward this bill in response to Amnesty International's August 2015 recommendation that governments across the world decriminalize prostitution," said Edwards at a press conference before the hearing. "Amnesty International studied the issue for two years prior to the their recommendation," and their view is in line with the World Health Organization, the Global Alliance Against Trafficking in Women, Human Rights Watch, the Open Society Foundations, Anti-Slavery International, and other global human-rights groups.
The New Hampshire bill is supported by U.S sex-worker rights groups such as Call Off Your Old Tired Ethics (COYOTE) Rhode Island, the U.S. PROStitutes Collective, and the Erotic Service Providers Legal Education and Research Project (ESPLERP), the group behind a lawsuit seeking to decriminalize prostitution in California. "This is groundbreaking," said ESPLERP President Maxine Doogan. "The criminalization of prostitution is a failed policy. The 'War on Sex' hasn't stopped anyone from buying or selling sex, but it has caused a lot of collateral damage, to poor women, women of color, and trans women. It's about time that the government stopped intervening in what consenting adults do in private."
COYOTE RI Executive Director Bella Robinson, who has been a sex worker for more than 30 years, testified before the New Hampshire committee in favor of the decriminalization bill. "The main reason I want to see prostitution decriminalized is because it is the only harm reduction model proven to reduce violence and exploitation in the sex industry," they said in a pre-testimony statement.
"It is crucial that sex workers can work together and share work space to ensure their safety," added Robinson, and "many sex workers utilize third party support staff to help keep them safe." But under current U.S. laws, these people "are legally classified as traffickers."
To back up their positions, Doogan and Robinson point to research showing positive results in New Zealand since it decriminalized the sex trade in 2003. (Robinson explains more about New Zealand in the video below.)
But at the New Hampshire bill's initial hearing, several lawmakers were skeptical. Rep. John Martin (R-Merrimack) worried that high-school football players would move from "having a keg party after a victory to having a hooker party after a victory."
Rep. Edwards responded by pointing out that sex between adults and minors would still be illegal, no matter the gender of the minors.
Rep. Dick Marston (R-Hillsborough) opposes the bill and is surprised by its introduction from female legislators, demanding they answer for the fact that some married men might cheat with sex workers. "I think I have a good handle on how my wife would feel if I used the services of a sex ... prostitute," Rep. Marston said at the committee hearing, "how my wife would feel, and how many other women would feel when their husbands do that. [The bill] doesn't say that this is only good for as long as you're doing it with an unmarried man. I just have a problem with this bill from a woman's point of view."
"You probably should not go see a prostitute, it would make your wife unhappy, I agree with that," responded Rep. Edwards. "But people [have sex] outside of marriage right now. ... It's not like having a law that requires us to arrest sex workers means that everyone is faithful in their marriage."
Hello everyone and welcome to CommanderCast Episode 218! We're your weekly source for Community, Strategy, and Technology, hosted on MTGcast.com and our homesite: CommanderCast.com! We're recording this on Sept 24th, 2015. This week the crew go over our Battle for Zendikar Preview! Before we can get our hands on the set we take a look at the fully spoiled set and make some predictions on what we think will be the “IT” cards of the upcoming fall set!
And all you have to do is click the IB!
CommanderCast Episode 218
Sept 24th, 2015
Guests:
nope
Favorite Commanders This Week:
Matt – Drana, Liberator of Malakir
Clay – Sidisi, Brood Tyrant
Calvin – Balthor the Defiled
William – Marath, Will of the Wild
William's Marath Deck
Weekly Schedule
Monday – CommanderCast Prime (Subscribe to our main site for up-to-date episodes!)
Tuesday – Journey to Somewhere/Deckbuilder's Spotlight
Wednesday – Strategy
Thursday – Free For All Articles/Rival's Duel and The Stack, w/ Uncle Landdrops & Grandpa Growth
Friday – Technology/ Squirecast!
REDDIT
Banner Poll!
Commanders: The Commanders of Battle for Zendikar
Drana, Liberator of Malakir
Zada, Hedron Grinder
Omnath, Locus of Rage
Noyan Dar, Roil Shaper
Munda, Ambush Leader
Ulamog, the Ceaseless Hunger
The Other 99: Other cards to discuss from BATTLE FOR ZENDIKAR
William – Scour from Existence, Vampiric Rites, Kiora, Master of Depths
Mark – Ally Encampment, Beastcaller Savant, Hedron Archive
Clay – Nettle Drone, Aligned Hedron Network, Retreat to Coralhelm (The Retreat Cycle in general)
Calvin – Ankle Shanker, Goblinslide, Ponyback Brigade
MICRO MINUTE
Final Summary
TENTACLES EVERYWHERE
Outtro/Contacts:
William – Email: wiehernandez(at)gmail(dot)com // twitter: (at)blueram1409
Calvin – Email: captainredzone(at)gmail(dot)com // twitter: (at)CaptainRedZone
Clay – Email: EDHPanda(at)gmail(dot)com // Twitter: (at)EDHPanda // Stream Twitch, Tumblr, Twitter: (at)Pandalpaca
Mark – Email: // (at)
5-STAR REVIEWS
If you want to message Commandercast be sure to check out our Facebook page, manned by Calvin and Jud. You can also tweet us (at)Commandercast or email us at Commandercast(at)gmail(dot)com. Check out our sub-reddit! /r/commandercast! You can leave us a review on iTunes, and we'll read off any 5-Star reviews on air!
Thanks to everyone who contributes to our site, you're all wonderful people. Music for our show is the X meets Heavy Metal series by 331erock. Check them out on Youtube. We'll see you next week with more community, strategy, and technology. Until then, LET'S GET IT!
In the present study, we investigated the molecular mechanisms underlying the effect of METH-induced apoptotic cell death in glial cells and elucidated the role of melatonin in reducing this response. Previously, we reported that METH-induced cell death in glial cells and increased oxidative stress by increasing the ROS and RNS production and the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines. Administration of melatonin remarkably decreased oxidative stress by decreasing ROS, RNS, and also decreased the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokine genes in glial cells. Furthermore, melatonin also improved the cell viability after METH induction in glial cells (Tocharus et al. 2010). Several lines of evidence have confirmed that METH is capable of generating ROS and free radicals in neurons, causing these cells to die by apoptosis (Jayanthi et al. 2004; Cadet et al. 2005). Generation of intracellular ROS is intimately associated with apoptotic cell death and mitochondria dysfunction which are important physiological sources of ROS and oxidative stress. Mitochondria dysfunction induces cell death in response to several stimuli such as drug abuse or other neurotoxins and has been reported in several studies (Fernandes et al. 2004; Hu et al. 1998; Tamagno et al. 2003; Jones et al. 2003; Brito et al. 2008; Su et al. 2007). Consistent with this notion, in our study, METH was able to induce apoptosis through the mitochondrial death pathway in glial cells.
Furthermore, we also showed nuclear morphologic alterations, which were accompanied by an increased number of apoptotic cells. To further elucidate the molecular events associated with the METH-induced apoptotic changes, we determined the expression of the proteins relevant to apoptosis. METH significantly decreased mitochondrial Bcl-X L protein in glial cells whereas Bax protein is significantly increased. Bax is a member of Bcl-2 family of proteins that activate apoptosis whereas Bcl-X L protein is associated with anti-apoptosis activation. Several studies demonstrated that imbalance of Bax and Bcl-X L protein on mitochondria causes loss of mitochondrial membrane potential and releases an apoptotic factor from mitochondrial to cytosol, especially cytochrome c (Cheng et al. 2001; Trejo-Solis et al. 2005; Chen et al. 2009; Jeong et al. 2010). The release of cytochrome c motivates caspase protein which is the major protein in apoptosis to undergo cleavage and induce cell death later (Elmore 2007). In this study, we found that METH significantly increased cytochrome c protein in cytosol. Moreover, cleavage caspase 9 and 3 were also significantly increased after METH induction. As a result, this study showed that METH-induced apoptosis through the mitochondrial death pathway by motivating Bcl-X L protein downregulation and upregulation of Bax, cytochrome c, cleavage caspase 9 and cleavage caspase 3 proteins.
Our previous study showed the protective effect of melatonin on cell viability after METH inducing in glial cells and found that melatonin increased glial cell viability after METH exposure (Tocharus et al. 2010). Several studies demonstrated that melatonin reduced free radicals which is an important factor in oxidative stress induction and also preserved the survival of glial cells (Feng and Zhang 2004; Gunasingh et al. 2008). Pretreatment with melatonin decreased the number of nuclear condensations and number of apoptotic cells in the METH-induced group in a concentration-dependent manner. This study indicated that melatonin has a potential antioxidant effect on glial cells by protecting the DNA damage and fragmentation before undergoing apoptosis that is implicated with neurodegenerative disease. Furthermore, pretreating with a higher concentration of melatonin alone (100 nM) has not been shown to have a cytotoxic effect to glial cells. Pretreatment with melatonin also increased the ratio of Bcl-X L /Bax protein and decreased the level of, cytochrome c, cleavage caspase 9 and cleavage caspase 3 proteins caused by METH. The results are related to the decrease in the number of apoptosis cells as previously demonstrated.
Indians Want Political Change
Modi Viewed More Favorably than Gandhi
Survey Report
Seven-in-ten Indians are dissatisfied with the way things are going in India today, according to a new Pew Research Center survey. And, with the Indian parliamentary elections just weeks away, the Indian public, by a margin of more than three-to-one, would prefer the Hindu-nationalist opposition Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to lead the next Indian government rather than the Indian National Congress (INC), which heads the current left-of-center governing coalition.
By a margin of better than two-to-one, the public says the BJP would do a better job on each of a half dozen challenges facing the nation – from combating corruption to fighting terrorism. And the BJP candidate for prime minister, Narendra Modi, the chief minister of the state of Gujarat, is more popular than putative Congress party prime ministerial candidate Rahul Gandhi, grandson and son of former Indian prime ministers. These are the findings from a Pew Research Center survey conducted between December 7, 2013 and January 12, 2014. Face-to-face interviews were conducted with 2,464 randomly selected adults at their place of residence, in states and territories that are home to roughly 91% of the Indian population. The margin of error is 3.8%. (For more details, see methodology statement at end of report.)
Dissatisfaction with recent developments in India is remarkably widespread: among both BJP supporters and Congress backers; among young and old; among rich and poor; and among city dwellers and rural residents. But views of the major parties vary across the country, with support for a BJP-led government strongest in the north of India. However, backing for the BJP is roughly equal in both rural and urban areas despite Congress's deep roots in rural India and its efforts to cement rural political support through employment and food security programs.
The 2014 Indian election will select 543 members of the Lok Sabha, the lower house of the national parliament. The new Lok Sabha will elect the prime minister, who will then name a cabinet.
There will be 788 million eligible voters in the upcoming election, including nearly 150 million who will have become eligible to vote for the first time since the last national election five years ago. In that 2009 parliamentary election voter turnout was 58%.
India has a winner-take-all electoral system, so whoever gets the most votes in a given constituency wins that seat. No single party has won a parliamentary majority since 1989, so recent governments have involved coalitions of smaller regional parties led by either the BJP or Congress. The Pew Research survey does not directly ask about vote choice or the likelihood that a respondent will vote, and it cannot gauge the level of support for either the BJP or Congress in particular constituencies. But it reveals a widespread desire among Indians for a change in leadership.
Just 29% of Indians are satisfied with the way things are going in India today; 70% are dissatisfied. Such disgruntlement cuts across various demographic groups: men (72%) and women (67%); Indians age 18 to 29 (72%) and those 50 years of age and older (69%); those with a primary school education or less (67%) and those with at least some college education (75%); and people living in urban areas (72%) and those in rural areas (68%).
More than six-in-ten Indians (63%) prefer the BJP to lead the next Indian national government. Just two-in-ten (19%) pick the Indian National Congress. Other parties have the support of 12% of the public. BJP backing is consistent across age groups. And support is almost equal between rural (64%) and urban (60%) Indians.
Northern Indian states – Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Haryana, Punjab and Delhi – which together are home to more than 400 million people, give the BJP its highest level of support, with 74% saying they want it to lead the next government. The party's weakest backing (54%) is in the western states of Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh and Gujarat (Modi is the chief minister leading a BJP-led Gujarati state government). Congress's strongest regional support (30%) is in the eastern states of Odisha, Bihar, West Bengal and Jharkhand, among India's poorest areas and home to 270 million people.
Support for a BJP-led government after the upcoming election reflects across-the-board sentiment that the BJP would do a better job dealing with a range of challenges facing Indian society.
A majority says the BJP (58%) is likely to be more successful than Congress (20%) in creating employment opportunities in the future. BJP prime ministerial candidate Modi leads the economically successful state of Gujarat.
A similar proportion of the Indian public (56%) say BJP would do a better job than Congress (20%) in reducing terrorism.
There is equal belief (56%) that the BJP will do more to combat corruption. Only 17% say Congress would do a better job dealing with this issue.
Although inflation in January fell to an eight-month low of 5%, limiting rising prices is a special public concern. More than half the public (55%) say the BJP would be better at reining in inflation. Just 17% expect Congress to be more successful in that economic task.
In recent months the Lok Sabha has been stymied by partisan disputes. The Indian public says the BJP (47%) is better suited than the Congress party (19%) to end that gridlock.
A majority of the public (54%) says the BJP would do a better job than Congress (21%) in helping the poor. This is true even among low-income Indians and despite the fact that Congress party-led governments enacted programs to guarantee unskilled manual labor wage employment at the government's expense and to provide subsidized food grains to approximately two-thirds of India's 1.2 billion people.
Roughly eight-in-ten Indians (78%) have a favorable view of Narendra Modi, compared with 16% who hold an unfavorable view. Modi's support is especially high in the North, and they are seen favorably in both rural and urban areas and among high and low income and well educated and less educated Indians.
Rahul Gandhi, is seen favorably by 50% of those surveyed and unfavorably by 43%. Gandhi's favorability is fairly consistent across demographic groups and their regional support is strongest in the eastern part of the country: in the states of Odisha, Bihar, West Bengal and Jharkhand.
There is a notable difference between the intensity of support for Modi and Gandhi. Fully 60% of those surveyed say they have a very favorable view of the Gujarati leader. Just 23% of the public have a very favorable opinion of the heir apparent to the Gandhi family legacy.
Sonia Gandhi, long-time president of the Congress party, Rahul's mother and widow of assassinated prime minister Rajiv Gandhi, is seen favorably by 49% of the public. But 46% have an unfavorable view of them They too have their greatest support in the east.
Roughly half of Indians (52%) have a favorable view of Manmohan Singh, the Congress party's outgoing two-term prime minister. But 42% have an unfavorable opinion of the man who has served as prime minister for nearly a decade. The public is divided about Singh's finance minister, P. Chidambaram: 37% have a favorable view, 39% see them unfavorably, 24% voice no opinion.
There is only slightly more enthusiasm for Rajnath Singh, the president of the BJP: 43% have a favorable opinion and 34% have an unfavorable view. But again, nearly a quarter (23%) of the public has no view.
Anna Hazare, a social activist prominent in the anti-corruption movement that presaged the rise of the Aam Aadmi (Common Man) party that recently took control of Delhi's state government and is attempting to mount a national campaign for the Lok Sabha, is seen favorably by 69% of the public, making them the second most popular of the national figures tested in the survey.
From Bulbanews, your community Pokémon newspaper.
Takeshi Shudō passed away at the age of 61
Article Discussion Report error Thursday, October 28, 2010 Reported on Bulbanews by Rocket Girl
This article is breaking news. Some contents may change—be sure to check back regularly.
Link to this article
Update: At 4:03 AM JST on October 29th, Shudō has been pronounced dead at the age of 61.
MSN Japan reports that Takeshi Shudō, former head writer of the Pokémon anime, collapsed at Nara railway station's smoking area around 6:00am on Thursday, October 28th. Upon being discovered by a passerby, they were rushed to the hospital and is undergoing surgery. It was soon determined at the hospital's emergency care center that Shudō had suffered a subarachnoid hemorrhage in their head.
Shudō was a key part of the initial stages of the anime's original series. They wrote the first episode, which aired over ten years ago, and was a scriptwriter for the first three movies and the Mewtwo Returns TV special. Their most recent Pokémon work was in 2003, writing the screenplay for the 244th episode of the anime, Yadon's Comprehension! Satoshi's Comprehension! (Enlighten Up!).
In Japan, Shudō is best known as the creator of the classic manga and anime series, Magical Princess Minky Momo. Their other credits include Martian Successor Nadesico and Legend of the Galactic Heroes.
Bulbanews will update this story as more information comes to hand.
Credit: Dave Mandel, Sherdog.com
Joe ‘Diesel' Riggs will be fighting for the 55th time in their professional career tonight against Mike Bronzoulis at Bellator 106. This fight will determine the winner of Bellator's Fight Master season 1. The fight was originally scheduled in September, but a serious eye injury sustained by Riggs forced the bout to be moved to Bellator 106. Due to Tito Ortiz's injury, Riggs and Bronzoulis will now be fighting on the main card of Bellator 106. I recently spoke with Riggs about their upcoming fight with Bronzoulis, their time on Fight Master, the UFC, and much more.
Bellator 106
I am excited to be on the main card. It is definitely unfortunate what happened to Tito, but at least the fans get to see a great card for free on Spike. The fact that the PPV was scrapped does not really affect me. I was going to fight on Spike TV anyways. Now, more people should be watching my fight and the card as a whole, so that is good.
Their relationship with Mike Bronzoulis
Towards the end of the show Mike and I started to become close. We spent a lot of time together so I learned about their upbringing and their background. Being in a house you get close with these guys. As for the fight, it's just business. I have been fighting for so many years, and they have barely started. I have myself and my family to take care of.
Their eye and preparation for the fight
My eye has been totally healed for about two months now. I only took off about a week of training and I did not spar for three weeks. I bought headgear that covered my whole face, which allowed me to keep training hard afterwards. I have been training at the MMA Lab with Benson Henderson, Jamie Varner, and Tim Welch. We have a bunch of really tough guys in there and a great head coach in John Crouch. I have never been so prepared for a fight in my life.
Fight Master
There were times I did enjoy, but being away from my family was rough. Overall, it worked out well for me, but it was a really hard thing for me to do. As for the show itself, we didn't have much to do. We would bet on pool games and whoever lost would have to do something terrible. When I lost, I had to shave my entire head bald. The show decided to just show me from having blonde hair to being bald; they never showed me losing the bet. I thought the producers might stop us because they wanted me to keep my hair, but they didn't.
The craziest thing they have seen in their career
Kevin Randleman was getting ready to fight Pedro Rizzo at UFC 24, but tripped and KO'ed themselves in the back. They had to scrap the title fight in the middle of the event! Another crazy story was when Diego Sanchez and Nick Diaz were talking crap to each other backstage before their fight, with only a sheet separating them. Nick was cursing them out and eventually threw their shoe at Diego.
Nick Diaz
Nick is crazy dude, man.  They are way crazier than their brother. When I fought Nick Diaz, I wasn't in awe of their skill, but in awe of the damage that they were able to take. I was giving them all I had, and they took some really big shots but would not go away. When I think about the hospital brawl we had, I still shake my head in disbelief. I still don't understand how that happened.
Why they still fight after all these years
I absolutely love the sport. When I was younger I would say that I wanted to hurt people and that kind of stuff. Now that I am older, I realize I am a good guy and I don't want to cause anyone physical pain, I just love the sport. At this point in my career I am dialed in. I have never trained like this in my life during the winning streak I am on. I want to fight to the best of my ability and keep it going. The losses I had were all mental. If I come to fight ready mentally, it is very hard to beat me. There is no doubt in my mind that no matter what happens, I will not lose mentally.
One rematch they would love to have
I would really like to fight Mike Swick again. That night, I did not even try to fight him. Mentally, I was not there. They won the fight before I even walked out. My performance that night makes me sick because I know I could have beaten them easily.
Their greatest career moment
Definitely getting the call that I would be fighting in the UFC. That was my all-time the greatest feeling ever. After all my hard work, I finally made it to the big show.
