According to a report by Boxing Scene, the WBC has ordered middleweight contenders Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. and Marco Antonio Rubio to have a rematch in order to decide who will become the WBC's interim champion at 160 pounds. Currently, Rubio is ranked first at middleweight by the WBC, Chavez second. The fight is being allowed to take place after each man gets past their own bouts in the coming months. Chavez is set to take on Brian Vera on September 7th while Rubio is scheduled to face Patrick Majewski on July 27th. Negotiations will begin the Monday after their scheduled fights are finished. The regular WBC middleweight champion, Sergio Martinez, has been told of the WBC's plans and is reportedly fine with the decision.
As weird as the alphabet gangs usually are, this should truly come as no shocker. Jose Sulaiman and the boys will bend over backward to make sure they are doing everything within their power to keep the Chavez family happy. It should be noted, however, that Chavez doesn't need an interim title nearly as much as many others may. Chavez has a big following and has no trouble getting big fights. HBO wants them and Martinez would already love to have a rematch with him. Chavez doesn't need a false trinket or the top ranking to get another shot at the title.
Because of that, Chavez has the leverage to turn down the potential rematch with Rubio for something else if they so desires. But let's keep in mind that they and the WBC have a "You scratch my back, I'll scratch yours" type of relationship, and Sulaiman seems to have a fragile ego. Don't be shocked if we see Chavez and Rubio squaring off again on HBO next spring.
Chavez won a close decision in their first fight back in February 2012. Chavez reportedly had problems making weight (par for their course) and some felt that Rubio was robbed by biased judges.
How far would some Americans go to save on an airline ticket? They'd be willing not to go — as in forgoing bathroom privileges — that's how far. Or so says a survey by the website Travelzoo.com, which in light of rising airfares, supplemental fees and service cutbacks asked 1,000 people their thoughts on whether the days of "affordable" travel are over. Eighty percent said they believe they are. The survey then asked what measures they'd be willing to take to save a hefty sum on a plane ticket. More than a quarter said they'd stand up on a cross-country flight to save 50%. And 41% said they'd give up use of the airplane restrooms in exchange for a half-price ticket. Of course, the questions were hypothetical. But let's hope the airlines don't get any bright ideas. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more TOP TRAVEL STORIES Most read Most e-mailed TOP TRAVEL STORIES Most read Most e-mailed
The Infamous Windows “Hello World” Program December 8, 2014
New York, N.Y.
A recent blog post by consultant John Cook reminded everybody about the infamous "Hello World" programs in the early chapters of the first five editions of Programming Windows:
“Hello world” is the hard part
Following a little discussion on my Facebook page initiated by my Xamarin colleague and old friend Larry O'Brien, I began to realize that some people believe that I invented the excessively overlong Windows "Hello World" program. I'm afraid I did not.
I learned Windows programming from documents included with the Windows 1.0 beta and release Software Development Kits. These included a printed API reference, of course, but beyond that the most important document was the Programming Guide, which was published with the SDK in 1985 as 258 7"x9" looseleaf pages in a binder. This document contained five sample programs that I studied in great depth in attempting to learn the Windows API. These samples were named
HELLO
TYPE
TRACK
SHAPES
FONTTEST
I no longer have the 5" floppies that contained the sample code, but I do still have the binder with the Programming Guide and the printed listings.
Although it was the very first Windows sample program, the HELLO program was quite fancy: Besides displaying "Hello Windows" in its title bar and client area, it added an About item to the system menu and displayed a dialog box when that item was selected.
Here is the listing of the HELLO.C file from that Windows Programming Guide, patched together from scans of four pages:
The HELLO.H header file is missing from the book, but it was undoubtedly very short and only defined identifers that were referenced in both the C file and the HELLO.RC resource script, which looked like this:
As I studied this program and experimented with it, it became quite obvious to me that it was longer and more complex than it needed to be. I began to believe that it was not a good introductory program for someone learning the Windows API, and I thought that explaining Windows programming might benefit with something shorter and simpler. So I methodically began trimming this program down to size. (I had no idea at the time I might actually write a book about Windows programming, but it helps me in learning something new if I imagine trying to explain it to somebody else.)
I wondered if the code could be restructured to add clarity. The separate definitions of the HelloInit and HelloPaint functions seemed unnecessary, so I eliminated those and replaced the function calls with the bodies of those functions.
I think I then started looking at the text strings. As you can see, towards the top of the file some global char pointers are declared, and the beginning of WinMain uses LocalAlloc to allocate memory for these strings and then load them from the resource script with LoadString. Although I recognized the value of defining strings external to the source code, the needs of internationalization didn't seem appropriate for a first program. I wondered if the strings could be declared and initialized right in the source code, and it turned out they could. (Keep in mind that it was not at all obvious that standard C programming practices would work in a Windows program. That's how weird this was.)
Following the CreateWindow call, calls to GetSystemMenu and ChangeMenu put another item on the system menu. I wondered: Was this absolutely necessary to the proper functioning of a Windows program? I commented out those lines, and the program still ran. Because the program could no longer display the dialog box, I eliminated the About function and the processing of the WM_SYSCOMMAND message and the dialog template, and then I realized the only thing left in the resource script was the icon. Could a Windows program survive without a custom icon? Apparently yes. Could a Windows program be compiled and linked without a resource script? Turned out it could.
I tried a bunch of other simplifications. Some worked, some did not. But eventually I got it down to the bare essentials: Two functions, seven local variables, no yucky global variables, and no resource script.
The first edition of Programming Windows was published in 1988 and focused on Windows 2. Interestingly, the first code in that book did not present the "classical" Windows "Hello World" program but instead played around with multiple windows and let the titlebars say "hello.". You can browse the code from that first edition here:
ftp://ftp.charlespetzold.com/ProgWin1/
It was the second edition of Programming Windows (1990 and focusing on Windows 3.0) that first included what is now the familiar Windows "Hello World" program. Here's all the source code from that edition:
ftp://ftp.charlespetzold.com/ProgWin30
And here's the HELLOWIN.C listing from Chapter 1. No resource script was included in this project:
/*--------------------------------------------------------
HELLOWIN.C -- Displays "Hello, Windows" in client area
(c) Charles Petzold, 1990
--------------------------------------------------------*/
#include <windows.h>
long FAR PASCAL WndProc (HWND, WORD, WORD, LONG) ;
int PASCAL WinMain (HANDLE hInstance, HANDLE hPrevInstance,
LPSTR lpszCmdParam, int nCmdShow)
{
static char szAppName[] = "HelloWin" ;
HWND hwnd ;
MSG msg ;
WNDCLASS wndclass ;
if (!hPrevInstance)
{
wndclass.style = CS_HREDRAW | CS_VREDRAW ;
wndclass.lpfnWndProc = WndProc ;
wndclass.cbClsExtra = 0 ;
wndclass.cbWndExtra = 0 ;
wndclass.hInstance = hInstance ;
wndclass.hIcon = LoadIcon (NULL, IDI_APPLICATION) ;
wndclass.hCursor = LoadCursor (NULL, IDC_ARROW) ;
wndclass.hbrBackground = GetStockObject (WHITE_BRUSH) ;
wndclass.lpszMenuName = NULL ;
wndclass.lpszClassName = szAppName ;
RegisterClass (&wndclass) ;
}
hwnd = CreateWindow (szAppName, // window class name
"The Hello Program", // window caption
WS_OVERLAPPEDWINDOW, // window style
CW_USEDEFAULT, // initial x position
CW_USEDEFAULT, // initial y position
CW_USEDEFAULT, // initial x size
CW_USEDEFAULT, // initial y size
NULL, // parent window handle
NULL, // window menu handle
hInstance, // program instance handle
NULL) ; // creation parameters
ShowWindow (hwnd, nCmdShow) ;
UpdateWindow (hwnd) ;
while (GetMessage (&msg, NULL, 0, 0))
{
TranslateMessage (&msg) ;
DispatchMessage (&msg) ;
}
return msg.wParam ;
}
long FAR PASCAL WndProc (HWND hwnd, WORD message, WORD wParam, LONG lParam)
{
HDC hdc ;
PAINTSTRUCT ps ;
RECT rect ;
switch (message)
{
case WM_PAINT:
hdc = BeginPaint (hwnd, &ps) ;
GetClientRect (hwnd, &rect) ;
DrawText (hdc, "Hello, Windows!", -1, &rect,
DT_SINGLELINE | DT_CENTER | DT_VCENTER) ;
EndPaint (hwnd, &ps) ;
return 0 ;
case WM_DESTROY:
PostQuitMessage (0) ;
return 0 ;
}
return DefWindowProc (hwnd, message, wParam, lParam) ;
}
Aside from the antique C syntax and the weird idiosyncratic formatting, I think most people would agree that compared with Microsoft's original, mine is a model of clarity and brevity.
Eventually I got tired of people complaining how long my "Hello World" program was, so Programming Windows, 5th edition (1998) began with this program:
/*--------------------------------------------------------------
HelloMsg.c -- Displays "Hello, Windows 98!" in a message box
(c) Charles Petzold, 1998
--------------------------------------------------------------*/
#include <windows.h>
int WINAPI WinMain (HINSTANCE hInstance, HINSTANCE hPrevInstance,
PSTR szCmdLine, int iCmdShow)
{
MessageBox (NULL, TEXT ("Hello, Windows 98!"), TEXT ("HelloMsg"), 0) ;
return 0 ;
}
That version probably has as much relevance to real-life Windows programming as printf("hello world") has to real-life character-mode C programming.
10 Reasons Why ‘Community' Improved In Season 5
By Nadia Chaudhury | Lists | April 18, 2014 |
We can all say it: season four of Community was pretty…not good. True, it brought us the study group as puppets, but colorful felt doesn't heal everything. What did repair the broken show was bringing Dan Harmon back to fix its mistakes, revitalizing it from fan fiction into the show we used to (and now again!) love. Here's how Harmon did it.
1. Jeff stops being a jerk
We are introduced to Jeff as a selfish man who has trouble connecting with anyone because of their daddy issues, but that doesn't excuse why they were so mean in season four. Their jerk-ness was even manifested through Evil Jeff. In the new season, they become slightly more mature and faces their issues, like growing older, while also dealing with their post-graduation-what-the-hell-am-I-doing-with-my-life woes the way everyone else does: with a drop, not a bucketful, of sarcasm.
2. Annie grows up
Instead of acting like a high school student with a major crush on their older English teacher, Annie grows up. Sure, they still have feelings for Jeff, as seen in the finale, but they didn't act out like a super jealous person. They even work well with them when they're solving cases, like the Ass Crack Bandit. That being said, TEAM JITTA/BREFF.
3. Troy finds inspiration
Troy and Britta never made sense as a couple, and the show seemed to recognize this, forgetting about them for long stretches of time. Though their breakup happened in season four, Harmon was wise to not pick it up again. We all knew Troy was leaving the show, but we didn't know how. By forcing Troy to sail around the world in order to inherit Pierce's fortune, they find a new direction in life: exploring the world with LeVar Burton, their one true love.
4. Toning down Britta
Britta, true to their anarchist roots, wasn't as all up in arms as they were in the previous season, which was brought to the foreground in season five when they run into their former friends at a benefit. When Britta did have a cause to fight for, like overthrowing the Fives in the MeowMeowBeenz era, it was perfection.
5. Abed stays meta, but with a purpose
Abed is our narrative device, the person who's conscious of the fact that he's on a television show, but it became too much of an over-exaggerated wink to the audience in season four. They even admit as much at one point, saying, “I remember when the show was about community college,” which pretty much summed up that season. They tried too hard to fill in sitcom tropes, like their two-dates-at-the-same-time ploy, and it felt forced.
6. A less-dressed up Dean
Don't get me wrong: I love a dressed-up Dean, even a Dean as Effie, but enough was enough. Having the Dean only occasionally put on their finest sparkly dress brings more power to their nonsensical outfits, especially when they Dress UP as a peanut and raps.
7. Nixing Changnesia
I want Changnesia to forget Changnesia ever existed.
8. Brie Larson!
Dan Harmon wisely picked up Abed's dropped romantic storyline with Rachel the coat check girl, which brought back the amazing Brie Larson. Remember how I said TEAM JITTA/BREFF earlier? Well, TEAM BRIE LARSON.
9. No more Inspector Spacetime
To a Doctor Who fan like myself, Inspector Spacetime was excellent. At first. It was quickly beaten into the ground, and every reference became tiresome. Thank you, Community, for not bringing this British show back.
10. The group's consistent throughline
I was worried, coming into the fifth season, that Jeff would be the weird guy hanging out at Greendale for a brand-new reason every episode. But Harmon knew better. They gave the study group a united purpose for staying at Greendale: Jeff becomes a law professor, and the gang forms the Save Greendale committee, which refocused the storyline on the school. They saved Greendale.
Nadia Chaudhury demands more Brie Larson and shirtless Jeff Winger for next season.
← Console Yourselves Song of Ice and Fire Readers; George R. R. Martin Is Writing...Westeros History
Cameron Diaz vs. Kirsten Dunst in the Battle of Vapid Remarks →
Pope Francis's foundation has rejected 16,666,000 pesos ($1.2 million) offered by Argentina's new government, perhaps because it contained the Number of the Beast, but more likely due to ideological tensions with their homeland's new administration.
Scholas Occurrente is an international educational network that was created at the initiative of the Pontiff following their election in 2013. The funds from the center-right Argentinian government were to go to covering the cost of maintaining its Buenos Aires headquarters and providing salaries for 36 of its staff, but the offer was rebuffed in a letter penned by Jose Maraa del Corral and Enrique Palmeyro, the foundation's directors.
@salmahayek Richard Gere and George Clooney received the #OliveMedal for their commitment with #Scholas Thanks for spreading our message A photo posted by Scholas (@scholasoccurrentes) on May 29, 2016 at 5:48pm PDT
“Taking into account that some may try to distort this institutional gesture, with the aim of creating confusion and sowing division among Argentines, we agree on suspending the non-refundable contribution fee amounting to 16,666,000,” they wrote in their response last week.
La Stampa, an Italian newspaper, said the rejection had come straight from the Pope himself.
“The Argentine government needs to address so many needs you shouldn't be demanding a single penny from it,” said the 79-year-old when addressing the directors.
In the post-script, the Pontiff added: “I don't like the 666.”
Pope Francis vs. President Macri
While the Pope's pithy remark has attracted headlines, the incident has also widened a personal and political rift between Francis, formerly known as Jorge Mario Bergoglio, and Argentina's current President, Mauricio Macri. The pontiff was Archbishop of Buenos Aires when Macri was its mayor for the six years prior to Pope Francis' elevation to their current position.
The two men reportedly fell out in 2009 when Macri allowed a gay wedding to go forward in the city without legal challenge, and their first meeting after the President's election this year was described as a “chilly” affair, lasting all of 20 minutes.
The Pope's allies have portrayed the donation as an attempt to buy influence and seize an opportunity to capitalize on the Catholic leader's popularity.
Read more
“The 16 million didn't sound good. Whoever thinks that by giving money, especially public funds to a foundation directly or indirectly linked to Francis, is making a gesture to the Pope, is stupid,” said Juan Grabois, a Vatican advisor.
The government shot back, however, saying it was Scholas Occurrente that had initially asked for its support and that, while it was “suspending” the donation, it still regards the work of the foundation “important.”
In a Facebook post, Cabinet Chief Marco Pena also accused Pope Francis of making “too many gestures toward one part of the political spectrum and too few for the other.”
The Pope has recently met with anti-American left-wing human rights activist Hebe de Bonafini, while those close to them have intimated that Francis, whose religious writings often echo socialist thinking, does not support the pro-austerity and pro-capitalist stance of the new government.
“It cannot be that the pope is a symbol of union and accord between Cuba and the United States, with deep historical differences as enemies, and in our country they are a figure of discord,” said a senior government official recently.
With the suspected falling out threatening to damage both parties, Foreign Minister Susana Malcorra met with the Pope in Rome on Monday.
“There is no animosity towards the president,” they assured after leaving the Vatican. “It was a very rich, very natural conversation, with no calling of accounts or enormous philosophical differences.”
Some states and cities struggling to dig themselves out of post-recession job losses are suffering from additional self-inflicted wounds. State lawmakers can affect state labor markets through the budgetary choices they make about the state and local public-sector workforce. As the recession took hold and revenues dropped, lawmakers in states and localities were faced with difficult decisions on how to achieve budget balance. While some state lawmakers attempted to preserve public-sector jobs—such as by raising taxes on the wealthy—too many chose to slash vital investments in the public sector, weakening the critical services provided by police, firefighters, teachers, and social workers. As the chart below shows, since the start of the Great Recession in December 2007, 28 states plus the District of Columbia have added state and local government jobs, while 21 states have cut public sector workers.
Economic Snapshot Change in state and local government employment, Dec. 2007–June 2014 State Change in state and local government Michigan -8.0% Louisiana -7.6% Rhode Island -7.6% Nevada -6.5% Connecticut -5.8% Florida -5.7% Maine -5.5% Ohio -5.5% California -5.4% New Hampshire -5.4% Georgia -5.0% New Jersey -4.8% Arizona -4.5% Pennsylvania -4.5% New York -4.2% New Mexico -3.7% Indiana -3.0% Tennessee -2.1% Alabama -1.8% North Carolina -1.5% Illinois -1.2% Kansas -1.1% Wisconsin 0.1% Maryland 0.2% Oregon 0.3% Mississippi 0.5% Hawaii 0.8% Minnesota 1.1% Vermont 1.3% Washington 1.5% Virginia 2.0% Massachusetts 2.3% South Carolina 2.3% Arkansas 2.3% Nebraska 2.7% Idaho 2.8% Alaska 2.9% Missouri 3.2% South Dakota 3.7% Iowa 3.8% Montana 4.1% Oklahoma 4.3% Kentucky 4.4% Delaware 4.6% West Virginia 5.2% Wyoming 5.6% Texas 6.2% North Dakota 9.2% Colorado 9.9% District of Columbia 10.9% Utah 15.3% Chart Data Download data The data below can be saved or copied directly into Excel. The data underlying the figure. Source: Authors' analysis of Local Area Unemployment Statistics data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics Share on Facebook Tweet this chart Embed Copy the code below to embed this chart on your website. Download image
Nationally, the state and local public sector had roughly 412,000 fewer jobs in July 2014 than it did in December 2007, and nearly 600,000 jobs fewer than at its peak in July 2008. Importantly, this workforce should have expanded to keep up with population growth over this time. Had the state and local public sector grown with population growth since its peak in July 2008, we would have 1.8 more a million state and local public-sector workers today. Instead, state and local government is one of the few sectors still below its prerecession levels, and remains a significant drag on the overall recovery.
A quartet of social-media stars — Meghan Rienks, Sasha Pieterse, Arden Cho and Karrueche Tran — will topline Lionsgate Digital Studios' “Honored,” a high-school buddy comedy revolving around childhood BFFs.
All four have sizable online followings, and Lionsgate is banking on that collective fanbase to provide ongoing promotion for the project — the latest in the “influencer driven” movie trend. Rienks (pictured above; Hulu's “Freakish,” Go90's “Mr. Student Body President”), Cho (“Teen Wolf”) and Tran Tran (“CLAWS,” “The Bay”) are popular YouTube personalities. Pieterse (“Pretty Little Liars,” “Inherent Vice”) has 7.2 million Instagram followers and nearly 2 million on Twitter.
“Honored” will be executive produced by Zoe, Cisely and Mariel Saldana's Cinestar Pictures — the first feature film from the sisters' banner — and Untitled Entertainment's Kendall Rhodes and Jason Newman in association with Popsugar Films. The film is being produced by Liz Destro of Destro Films (“The Little Hours,” “Joshy”), while Jordan Gilbert and Lindsay Gomez are the creative executives for Lionsgate and Tom Huffman is the creative executive for Popsugar Films.
“It's gratifying to be in the company of so many talented women on this project, another sign of female empowerment rising in Hollywood,” Zoe Saldana said in a statement.
The film's cast also includes Lauren Weedman (“Looking,” “The Little Hours”), Graham Sibley (“Zombie Honeymoon,” “Dark/Web”), Ethan Peck (“The Curse of Sleeping Beauty,” “10 Things I Hate About You”) and Chris Mason (“Broadchurch”).
“Honored” will be directed by Australian filmmaker Elissa Down from a screenplay by Marilyn Fu (“The Sisterhood of Night”), with a story by Fu and Rienks. Down recently wrote and directed the seven-episode miniseries “Confess” for Awesomeness TV; their 2008 debut feature film, “The Black Balloon,” starring Rhys Wakefield, Luke Ford, Gemma Ward, Erik Thomson and Toni Collette, won the Berlin Film Festival's Crystal Bear for best feature film.
Distribution deals for the film haven't been set yet. “Honored” begins shooting this week in Los Angeles.
For Lionsgate, teaming with Popsugar, a digital lifestyle media company that claims to have an audience of 100 million women worldwide, was a logical fit for the female-focused movie.
“We are thrilled to be collaborating with this talented cast and filmmaking team, made up almost exclusively of women,” said Lionsgate's Gomez. “Popsugar's platform supporting empowerment and strong female representation aligns with our vision for this film. We look forward to working with this passionate group as we bring this script to life.”
In “Honored,” a falling out among four friends leads them grow apart. By senior year, Piper (Rienks) has turned into the class clown/party girl; Sophie (Tran) pledges to stay a virgin until she's married and has created a purity app. Isabella (Pieterse) is the feminist femme fatale who's a zine editor, and while Honor's (Cho) dream of becoming a professional ballerina is taking off.
When tragedy strikes, the former BFFs reunite and carry out all the stunts from their eighth-grade list — from jailbreaking the school mascot to getting back at bitchy cheerleaders. The girls navigate body-shaming, sex, and the high-school party culture, ultimately rediscovering their friendship even if it means saying goodbye forever to someone they love.
Meghan Rienks is repped by CAA and Untitled Entertainment. Sasha Pieterse is represented by WME and Untitled Entertainment. Karrueche Tran is represented by Paradigm Talent Agency and Electric Republic, and Arden Cho is represented by Pantheon Talent and Primary Wave Entertainment.
In addition, Elissa Down is represented by Verve Talent and Literary Agency. Lauren Weedman is represented by Rise Management; Graham Sibley is represented by Authentic Talent and Literary Management; Ethan Peck is represented by Untitled Entertainment; and Chris Mason is represented by UTA and 3 Arts Entertainment.
Untitled Entertainment's deal was brokered by Glenn D. Feig of Reder and Feig, while Cinestar's deal was brokered by Nick Gladden at Morris Yorn Barnes.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 15, 2013, 7:03 PM GMT By John Roach
Polar bears in the Arctic Ocean near Barrow, Alaska are confronted with reduced summer sea ice. Jessica Robertson / USGS
Cruise ships and oil tankers may be sailing through ice-free waters of the Arctic as early as 2054, according to a new study that narrows to a handful of years the uncertainty of when this climate-change milestone will occur. Previous studies have pegged it to everywhere between 2015 and 2100.
The implications of an ice-free Arctic range from loss of habitat for polar bears and seals to a surge in extreme weather around the world and an acceleration of global climate change, according to Arctic experts.
It also matters for ships, noted study leader Jiping Liu, an assistant professor in the department of atmospheric and environmental sciences at the State University of New York at Albany. "If the Arctic is totally ice free, you don't need to go through a specific route, you can go anywhere," they told NBC News.
Narrowing uncertainty
The new research uses two approaches to narrow the spread in climate model projections of when the Arctic will be technically ice free, a milestone defined as 1 million square kilometers (390,000 square miles) or less. At that point, experts say, only ice remnants will linger in nooks and crannies.
In one approach, Liu and colleagues selected results of nine models from a group of 30 that best represent the Arctic sea ice loss observed since 1979. Another used a statistical method to constrain the models to fit with the known relationship between present and future sea ice conditions.
That is, models with a lot of sea ice retain it for a long time whereas models with little ice lose it quickly. Knowing this relationship, the team estimated the ice-free timing with the known starting conditions from 2007 to 2012.
"These two techniques give us similar ice-free timing," Liu said. "That is, under a high-emissions scenario, they reach the ice-free state in 2054 to 2058."
Before the approaches were applied, the models had a spread of 2011 to 2098, the team notes in their paper published Monday in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
While the narrowed window "is the best estimation we can get based on current state climate model projections … the current-day climate models are not perfect," Liu said. "The ice-free summer could be earlier."
Agreed, but reality disagrees
The precision of the timing found in the new study is "almost comical," but the range is "pretty typical of these models," said Mark Serreze, an expert on Arctic sea ice at the National Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder, Colo., who was not involved in the new study.
"But I still think you are conservative here," they told NBC News, sticking to their earlier projection of ice-free conditions by the year 2030. "Because what we're seeing here is that the sea ice cover continues to surprise us."
For example, they explained, there are poorly understood changes in the flow of ocean heat from the Atlantic to the Arctic, as well as evidence that the heat absorbed by the Arctic Ocean in the summer lingers around through the winter, affecting ice melt the following year.
Liu agreed that the models are imperfect. What's more, changes resulting from diminishing Arctic sea ice are already underway, including an uptick in extreme winter weather and shipping traffic.
John Roach is a contributing writer for NBC News. To learn more about him, visit their website.
1. Don't mess around with their web-shooters
Seriously, they're not toys, OK, they need them for fighting crime. Besides, that webbing could potentially be kind of dangerous. What if you press the button and it covers your nose and mouth? It takes like at least an hour for that stuff to dissolve. You'd suffocate. Spider-Man cares about you a lot, they don't want to see you suffocate. All I'm saying is, you get really mad when Spider-Man goes through your purse to look for those mints you always carry around. Respect their personal boundaries accordingly.
2. You won't know who he's hanging out with at work
Spider-Man spends a lot of their time with other adults dressed up in various superhero costumes. While of course they would love to introduce you to their crime-fighting coworkers, there's the whole secret identity thing that you have to keep in mind. That's just the nature of their business. If people figured out who you were, they might be able to trace the link back to him. The next thing you know, Mysterio shows up at your house to kidnap you and draw Spider-Man into a trap. Do you want that kind of guilt hanging over your head? Besides, isn't it kind of cool, the secret nature or your relationship? It's like a hidden treasure, something only the two of you get to share.
3. It's not that they didn't like the surprise birthday party you threw for them
It's just that, with theirs built in spider-sense, it's really hard to pull a fast one on Spider-Man. Even if it's the most well-intentioned secret, as soon you start getting past the idea stage into the actual execution, their alarm bells immediately start ringing. And yeah, they tried to act surprised, but everybody knows that Spider-Man is a terrible actor.
4. If he's being a dick, maybe it's the alien costume
All you're trying to do is make plans to do something special on Saturday night, and he's all not paying attention or putting in any effort to show that they even want to spend time with you. Even regular boyfriends get in weird moods sometimes. But has Spider-Man been acting even more difficult and aggressive than usual? Maybe it's the alien costume. It's kind of a long story, but a while back, Spider-Man was sent to an alien world with a bunch of other superheroes to battle a collection of the earth's nastiest bad guys. While snooping out some high-tech lab, they found an alien costume that shifted its appearance just based on their thoughts. But it turned out to be an evil alien parasite, slowly filling Spider-Man's mind with hate and violence. The next time Spider-Man gets their spandex in a twist, maybe suggest changing into something more comfortable? If they get really defensive, it's probably the alien costume.
5. Or it could be the clones
This is kind of like the alien costume problem, but without as much overt Spider-Man being a dick. It's like, you make plans with Spider-Man early in the day, and then when you see them later in the afternoon, he's like, “Plans? What plans?” Don't jump to conclusions. There's a pretty good chance that there might be a bunch of Spider-clones running around, and the Spider-Man who you talked with in the morning might be a different Spider-Man from later in the day.
6. Try not to get upset if they don't return your calls right away
Spider-Man disappears all the time. The X-Men need help in Antarctica and there's no time to explain. The Green Goblin blasts them with a shrink-pumpkin and they have to figure out a way to return to normal size. Remember what I was talking about with alien costume? They were on that other planet for weeks. Their girlfriend at the time simply couldn't understand, and they dumped him. If you're dating Spider-Man, you've got to get used to long stretches of time where they don't return any of your calls or texts. But try not to get too worried. They usually make it back home in good shape.
7. Stay away from the Brooklyn Bridge
They do their best to protect the ones they love the most, but every once in a while, even Spider-Man falls short. Years ago they were dating this girl Gwen and, well, they fell off the Brooklyn Bridge. It was kind of the Green Goblin's fault. Still. Just stay away from bridges.
8. Avoid keywords that might trigger a long boring speech
Power. Great. Responsibility. Uncle Ben. Nobody likes tiptoeing around their words, but unless you really like listening to that, “Great power, great responsibility” speech, do yourself a favor and don't mention any of these triggers. In fact, if you feel like a conversation might be steering in this direction, try changing the subjects. Worst case, mention that you thought you heard someone screaming down the block. Because it's a really boring speech, and they won't shut up about it.
9. Don't offer to do their laundry
You might think you're being helpful, getting that gross smell out of their Spider-Man costume. But it's impossible. Do you know where they go in that thing? Sometimes in the sewer. Other times he's fighting bad guys at the dump. It's a nasty job, and if you mix any of your clothes in the same load as that costume, all you're going to do is make your stuff smell like garbage too. And do you think Spider-Man wants to date somebody that smells like that? Come on, they get enough of that at work. Just do your own laundry, and Spider-Man will do his.
10. Don't expect a happy ending
Just try to enjoy the ride, because it's not going to end well. Even if you somehow manage to not get thrown off the Brooklyn Bridge, even if things wind up going incredibly well, like you get married, maybe you'll be expecting a child, it's only a matter of time before it all blows up in your face. Doctor Octopus is going to steal the baby, and then it's going to turn out that you weren't really pregnant in the first place. At least you've got that marriage to fall back on, right? Wrong. Something might happen to Aunt May and Spider-Man might be forced to wish away your years of marital bliss in a deal with the devil in return for the safety of their elderly aunt. I'm just saying, the universe doesn't want Spider-Man to be happy, and the closer you are to Spider-Man, the higher the chances that you're going to be a part of that misery. Get out while you can. Why not try taking the Hulk? Or Batman? Batman's rich. Really rich. You should call up Batman.
Because of its size, the city often uses The Rock Church for large events such as the memorials for slain SDPD officers Jeremy Henwood and Chris Wilson.
A grand jury report suggests the City of San Diego suspend a conditional use permit issued to The Rock Church.
Citing the initial development plans for the Liberty Station area, the grand jury report says the 12,000-member church is incompatible with land-use plans.
Grand jury members say traffic congestion and police closure of Truxton Road on Sundays is a direct result of incompatibility.
Read the report here
The city issued a conditional use permit to a church in an educational zone in violation of the planning documents, according to a written statement from the county released Thursday.
Now, the grand jury suggests the city suspend that permit pending a review.
San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders has until August 22 to respond to the report.
According to its website,The Rock Church began 12 years ago with services in an auditorium on the San Diego State University campus.
The church began building its Liberty Station building in 2005 and moved into the campus two years later. The church seats 3,500 people and includes a 1,600 square-foot High-Definition screen.
Pastor Miles McPherson, a former defensive back for the San Diego Chargers, oversees a ministry that includes two campuses and offers eight weekend services.
A spokesperson for The Rock Church sent this response to NBCSanDiego Friday:
"We have reviewed the Grand Jury report and believe that it is factually and legally inaccurate. The City of San Diego Planning Commission approved our Conditional Use Permit in 2004 at the conclusion of a public hearing in which the commissioners and staff reviewed documents that included thorough analysis of all regulatory requirements applicable to our project and environmental review of all impacts pursuant to the California Environmental Quality Act. The Grand Jury report itself shows that the Grand Jury failed to properly review and consider the correct regulatory requirements and documents prepared by the City and approved by the Planning Commission. As a result, the Grand Jury findings are incorrect."
Let us know what you think. Comment below, send us your thoughts via Twitter @nbcsandiego or add your comment to our Facebook page.
CORVALLIS, Ore. - A screening of the film "World Peace and Other 4th-Grade Achievements," will be held at Linus Pauling Middle School in Corvallis on Friday, Aug. 5. A panel discussion featuring the film's subject, World Peace Game creator John Hunter, as well as Mary Yates, former U.S. ambassador to Burundi and Ghana, will follow.
The event, sponsored by Oregon State University's School of History, Philosophy and Religion, begins at 7 p.m. at the school, 1111 N.W. Cleveland Ave. It is free and open to the public.
The film focuses on Hunter's work with their fourth-grade class as the students participate in an exercise called the World Peace Game, and discover that they share a deep interest in taking care of the world and each other.
OSU is hosting a World Peace Game camp for area students - enrollment for the camp is full - as well as training for teachers Aug. 1-5. The screening and panel discussion conclude the week's activities.
Yates, an OSU graduate who served as a U.S. ambassador to the countries of Burundi and Ghana, will join Hunter and students and teachers who have participated in the World Peace Game for a discussion about the diplomacy of the game and diplomacy in the real world.
Special Minister of State Michael Ronaldson said it best after they were asked how politicians' dodgy travel claims would be investigated under the new, supposedly tough, rules.
''Nothing has changed in that regard,'' they said.
And nothing has changed. As Senator Ronaldson acknowledged, the point of the government's announcement was to send a message to parliamentarians, and to the public.
''What these strengthening measures are doing today is making it very, very, very clear to the Australian community that, if someone is not travelling in their capacity as an elected representative, then they will not be travelling at taxpayer expense,'' they said.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott, who just a month ago said they would not change the system, has now offered a Clayton's solution to widespread public anger about politicians' use of taxpayer-funded entitlements.
Metal Gifts We Want To See Next Year Share:
Didn't get what you wanted for Christmas? Did Grandma give you socks instead of that Converge vinyl re-issue with the ultra-rare blood-splattered color job? Was the iTunes gift card useless because your favorite wolf-based proto-power sludge band only has music for sale on Bandcamp? Well, here are some metal-based items we'd all like to see for sale next year.
In The Nightside Eclipse Hoveround
Walking is so 2015. Metalheads need to ride around in style. Whether it's wading around through the throngs of people at Maryland Death Fest or just being too lazy to use your legs while buying XTRA Screamin' Dill Pickle Pringles at Wal-Mart, the In The Nightside Eclipse Hoveround is for you. This power scooter comes with all-terrain wheels, an extra-wide seat, an easy-grip motion-stick, and plays album-quality mp3s of Emperor‘s In The Nightside Eclipse album. Options are available for LED lights and a place to hang your leather vest. Future models include Under The Sign Of The Black Mark, A Blaze In The Northern Sky, and Illud Divinum Insanus.
George Clarke Handsome Completer
Let's face it: you're never going to be as handsome as Deafheaven‘s George Clarke. Seriously, we all look like a chewed up pastrami sandwich that has been left out in the sun for a while in comparison. Fear not, because George Clarke Handsome Completer is here to help. Just apply to your face twice a day and after every meal, drink, or smoke break. You should start to see results in a matter of minutes or when someone complains about Deafheaven, whichever comes first. Side effects include difficulty with Language Games, inability to Please Remember, and being Irresistible.
Danzig Boxing Gloves
I've got something to say
I took a picture of Danzig today
And it doesn't matter much to me
‘Cause he's taking a swing at my head.
Glenn Danzig, the mastermind behind the now-classic Skeletons album, doesn't like having their picture taken and has been known to throw fists every once in a while. Vice versa too. What better way to celebrate Danzig's penchant for fisticuffs than with a pair of your very own Danzig Boxing gloves. These Everlast 16 ounce gloves come emblazoned with the stunning visage of the “Am I Demon” singer which will only make you punch harder. You may be “Tired of Being Alive” but with these beauties, you'll fight until there's nothing left, but “Blood and Tears”.
Muhammad Suiçmez Watch
This chic timepiece comes with Necrophagist‘s Muhammad Suiçmez's bored face on it to remind you that he's in absolutely no rush to put out a new album. The watch conveniently lacks hour, minute, and second hands, therefore preventing you from knowing how much time has passed. You're on Suiçmeztime now, baby!
Metal Blog Commenter-Strength Preparation \m/
Metal blogs are super-serious business. Did someone in the comments section disagree with you? Did an editor forget to include a link to a video from a song you already know? Did a writer not include a thing you like in their Top 10 list? Well fuck them, right? Fuck douche-Moblins, man. Unfortunately, the anger cannnot always be quelled with a clever gif or one-liner. For those times when the tush-ache is too severe and your bum feels like someone just “checked your oil” with a handful of Reformulated Blazin' sauce, there's Metal Blog Commenter-Strength Preparation \m/. Apply vigorously to your metal hole for maximum prevention and relief.
George “Corpsegrinder” Fisher Stand-Up Comedy Album
Have you ever seen Cannibal Corpse live? George “Corpsegrinder” Fisher is one funny dude. Sure, they gurgle about horrific things and their neck looks like a cheese wheel, but they bring the laughs. I caught the band this past fall and thoroughly enjoyed hearing Fisher absolutely shit on the New England Patriots. Now we can all enjoy Fisher's zingers with their very first comedy album Hammer Smashed Funny Bone. Hold onto your sides because Corpsegrinder is going to split them in two with their hilarious knock knock jokes, tour stories, and slices of life (and flesh!). Order now and receive The Best Of Chris Barnes's Twitter absolutely free!
The All-Purple Tech Death Album Art
Tech Death and purple album art go together like weedilies and deedilies. Just take a look for yourself if you don't believe me. This helpful square containing various shades of purple will negate the need to ever buy posters or original art from your favorite tech death bands ever again. Make your own chuggity-chugs and solos at home to save even more money. It's the gift that keeps on giving.
Maybe if you're good boys and girls, these gifts can be all yours next holiday season.
Did you dig this? Take a second to support Toilet ov Hell on Patreon!
Why Is Elizabeth Warren So Hard to Love?
With their populist proposals and fierce criticism of President Donald Trump, Senator Elizabeth Warren has become the new face of the Democratic Party and a favorite for the 2020 presidential race. So why are so many Massachusetts voters souring on her? By Andy Kroll
Get a compelling long read and must-have lifestyle tips in your inbox every Sunday morning — great with coffee!
It's a late afternoon in February, and Senator Elizabeth Warren is talking about Donald Trump and what they call “the Twitter business.” Surely you've seen their tweets. For much of last year's presidential race, they went blow for blow, tweet for tweet with the Republican nominee. After Trump complained that the polls were rigged against him, Warren fired back: “You're not losing because it's rigged. You're losing because we see through your creepy bullying.” After Trump denigrated a former Miss Universe in a series of early-morning tweets, Warren replied, “Is this what keeps you up at night, @realDonaldTrump? Thinking of new & interesting ways to call women fat or ugly or sluts?”
At first, the idea of shaming a presidential candidate in 140-character bursts struck them as “pretty lame,” they tell me, sitting in their third-floor office in Washington. “But it was their tool of choice, and I believed they needed to be bloodied with their own tool.”
Now that Trump is president, Warren, more than any other Democrat, has taken up the mantle of antagonist in chief. Them schedule is so packed that I'm told she'll be able to meet with me at some point during a two-day span and that I'll get a 10-minute warning before having to drop everything and hustle over to their office. When we do finally talk, the news has just broken that Andrew Puzder, the fast-food executive who was Trump's pick for labor secretary, has withdrawn their nomination. Senate Democrats, led by Warren, had barraged Puzder with criticism over their company's questionable labor practices and old allegations (since withdrawn) made by Puzder's ex-wife that he'd hit them Puzder's exit is the first big win for Democrats. Warren looks gleeful at the news, beaming from ear to ear.
Here's the thing about interviewing Elizabeth Warren: It isn't so much a conversation as a stump speech to an audience of one. (Two, if you count the spokesperson who is sitting in on our conversation.) They swat and jabs at the air, talking about “what we fight for every single day” and “what defined America was the idea of opportunity.” I'm reminded of what a friend of theirs told me: “The public persona is the private persona. There is no other person.” When I ask Warren about Trump's first few months on the job, they lean back in their chair, awed by the chaos so far. “They can't run the White House right now, and they can't run the country. However,” they say, “that does not mean they can't do a lot of damage.”
Warren has had a busy few months of their own. She's a fixture at protests against Trump—railing against the president's travel ban at Logan airport and speaking out in favor of the Affordable Care Act at Faneuil Hall. On Capitol Hill, Senate Republicans refused to include their witnesses at confirmation hearings, so Warren held shadow hearings during which working men and women offered testimonies critical of Trump's appointees. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's decision to silence them on the Senate floor during the debate over Senator Jeff Sessions's nomination to be attorney general—and Warren's refusal to be silenced—became a headline-grabbing controversy that their allies cheered as a bold act of resistance and their enemies dismissed as shameless grandstanding. Nearly 13 million people have watched the video of Warren reading Coretta Scott King's letter outside the Senate chamber. McConnell's admonishment of Warren became a full-blown meme—the Warren campaign is selling “Nevertheless, They Persisted” T-shirts and women have been lining up to get “Nevertheless, They Persisted” tattoos.
All of this, every battle cry and tweet, has elevated Warren to de facto leader of the anti-Trump resistance. If you're a true believer, a liberal who has felt cheated every day since November 8, they are the antidote to your despair. And for a hobbled Democratic Party in need of an answer to Trump and Trumpism, Warren is seen by many as a potential torchbearer, someone who can reach voters in Dayton, Ohio, and Macomb County, Michigan. Them life story seems ready-made for the Rust Belt campaign trail. They sounded the alarm about the vanishing middle class long before it was fashionable, championing the cause of those squeezed out by globalization back when Trump was still a registered Democrat. In the early betting for 2020 Democratic presidential candidate, Warren is the frontrunner.
But first there is the matter of their reelection. After four years in the liberal vanguard, Warren is possibly the most deeply polarizing figure in the state. Massachusetts is often depicted as a left-wing mecca, but we're also the state that rocketed Mitt Romney to political prominence and now has a Republican governor with a 59 percent approval rating. Despite our liberal reputation, our dirty little secret is that once you leave the coast, the state's political sensibility is closer to that of western Pennsylvania than Brookline. So as much as Massachusetts Democrats adore Warren's brand of fiery populism, to a certain type of independent voter—let alone a conservative—her rhetoric can seem just as over the top, vitriolic, and off-putting as Trump's.
That means they begin their bid for a second term being far from widely beloved. A January WBUR poll found that a mere 44 percent of Massachusetts voters thought Warren “deserved reelection” and 46 percent said they were open to giving someone else the seat. The poll also showed that Governor Charlie Baker's 59 percent favorability rating was considerably higher than Warren's 51 percent. A 2016 survey by the polling firm Morning Consult found that Warren had the second-highest disapproval rating of all U.S. senators in New England, after New Hampshire's Jeanne Shaheen.
The reasons why more voters don't embrace Warren are varied. They range from their politics to their unwillingness to compromise to, in some cases, flat-out sexism. The people of Massachusetts expect their senators to be national leaders but also local champions who deliver for the state. While Warren's high-profile moments may rally the progressive base and raise bundles of small-dollar donations, it's no exaggeration to say they face questions here at home. From now until election day, Warren must balance the demands of being a liberal leader in the Trump era and being a local politician. “If she's too aggressive on national issues, they'll say they don't care about the people back home,” says Michael Goldman, a Democratic political consultant who has never worked for Warren. “When they come back home, the people will say, ‘You're a national voice—why don't you deal with bigger issues?'”
Can Warren navigate their dual identities—and, in the process, appeal to enough independents to win reelection in 2018? “The most dangerous period for Elizabeth Warren,” says David Paleologos, director of the Suffolk University Political Research Center, “is the next two years.”
Elizabeth Warren has never been afraid to get bloodied in battle. They grew up in the gritty plains of Oklahoma, where their lifelong crusade for the underdog began, as they like to say, “on the ragged edges of the middle class”—just one car accident, medical emergency, or job loss away from financial peril. The economic insecurity that gnawed at their family would spur their life's work. After earning degrees from the University of Houston and Rutgers Law School, Warren and their second husband, a fellow law professor named Bruce Mann, took jobs at the University of Texas at Austin School of Law. Warren asked them dean if they could teach a course on bankruptcy, a field they had little experience in. It was the early 1980s, and a sweeping new national bankruptcy law had recently gone into effect. “Bankruptcy was a terrible admission of failure,” they wrote in their memoir, A Fighting Chance, “and I wanted to believe that everyone who filed had done something terrible or stupid or had lazed about and never tried to make anything of themselves.” What they found instead was that the wise old heads in bankruptcy law had no clue who filed and why.
For the next two decades, Warren and several colleagues embarked on what amounted to the first exhaustive investigation of why people declare bankruptcy. The conventional wisdom for why this happened—laziness, overspending, stupidity—was all wrong. Instead, as Warren and their daughter, Amelia Warren Tyagi, wrote in their 2003 book, The Two-Income Trap, having a child was the single best predictor of whether a woman would declare bankruptcy. More Americans filed for bankruptcy than for divorce. Even families with two earners were skating by paycheck to paycheck. Just one emergency—a layoff, a visit to the ER—could send them into bankruptcy court. “Over the past generation,” wrote mother and daughter Warren, “the signs of middle-class distress have continued to grow, in good times and in bad, in recession and in boom.”
This was not a popular idea at the time. On the surface, the late 1990s and early 2000s were fat, happy years. Unemployment was mostly low, GDP high, jobs aplenty. But in reality, many families had come to rely on second mortgages and credit cards to stay afloat. And it was Professor Warren who kept popping up in newspapers and on TV segments raising concerns. “The modern American family is walking on a high wire without a net,” they once told a Denver Post reporter, and “praying there won't be a wind.”
Nick Clegg has claimed that the struggle on the right of British politics caused by Ukip's surge was pulling David Cameron away from the centre ground and making day-to-day progress in the coalition government more difficult.
Interviewed on the eve of the local elections, and facing the prospect of coming fourth in terms of share of the vote behind Ukip, the Liberal Democrat leader and deputy prime minister vowed to "dig in my heels and make sure the centre of gravity of the government as a whole does not get pulled rightwards due to the internal dynamics of the Conservative party".
Clegg cited Conservative policies on welfare, Europe and climate change as the three pre-eminent examples of Cameron being pulled right, and conceded that their coalition partner was no longer the same political animal as presented before the 2010 general election.
They admitted that Cameron's positioning "makes it more complex to make progress in areas where initially we thought it would easy to make progress", disclosing they have recently had to spend more time to secure agreements on the green agenda in government than on any other issue.
It is the first time that Clegg has acknowledged that the rightward shift of the Conservatives is making the functioning of government more difficult. But they also argued that there was a shift to the extremes of in British politics that was an inevitable consequence of the squeeze on living standards. "My job is to make sure that my party does not get pulled left or right as Cameron goes right and [Labour leader Ed] Miliband goes left," they added.
Clegg said that it was a rule in politics "as night follows day" that "when people are anxious and insecure about the future, and you have a prolonged period of social anxiety, siren voices on left and right become very attractive. On the left it is attractive to say you don't need to make any difficult economic decisions. On the right it becomes tempting to blame it on everyone else – foreigners, immigrants, take your pick."
The polarisation of politics, Clegg added, was "an observable trend every time any country in the developed world goes through difficult times," adding that they did not think it was necessary to "respond by chasing. Not only do I think the centre can hold, it must hold. I think that is one of the vocations of the Liberal Democrats."
Expressing some pretty strong personal disillusionment with the dynamics of Tory politics, the deputy prime minister argued that "the Conservative emphasis before 2010 was to be centrist, compassionate, green party, but it is returning to some pretty traditional Conservative signature tunes that I totally understand they think are necessary to strengthen Conservative defences against Ukip. There is a real struggle on the right of British politics".
In a fresh sign of the difficulties the rise of Ukip is having on the functioning of the coalition, Clegg's aides indicated they would reject any attempt by Cameron to introduce legislation in this parliament to hold a referendum on Europe in the next parliament. A Clegg aide said: "We already have legislation setting out the circumstances in which we would hold a referendum. The idea that we need a new law now to set out the terms of a referendum in four years time suggests someone's priorities have gone astray".
The Conservatives fear they are set to lose as many as 500 seats in the elections, higher than the estimate offered by independent observers. But the Ukip surge is a wild card that makes predictions perilous. In recent weeks, Downing Street has made a series of rightwing announcements to stem the Ukip tide ranging from ending aid to South Africa, tightening jail conditions, cutting benefits for immigrants and threatening to leave the European convention on human rights on a temporary basis.
The Lib Dems are hoping that the political turbulence will decline once the elections recede, but there is a private fear that the Ukip surge will continue until the European elections next year at a minimum, so placing greater strains on the coalition.
Elsewhere in the interview, Clegg emphasised the extent to which they had pressed for a slowing in the pace of the government's deficit reduction strategy, pointing out cuts were now being implemented more slowly than in many other economies. They said: "As a proportion of GDP, our fiscal contraction plans this year and next year are less than those of Barack Obama, Mariano Rajoy and François Hollande."
They added: "I have personally never presented plan A like a tablet of stone. It is a series of judgments that we have applied flexibly and pragmatically. In one sense, it is resolute and unflinching in terms of our destination, but in another sense it is very flexible about how long we get there. If it takes longer, it takes longer. The idea that there is a choice between a cruel and unbending plan A and a cuddly and uncontroversial plan B is wholly false."
They also revealed there was some flexibility in the 2015-16 spending round on whether unprotected spending departments can offload some of their spending commitments on to protected departments. They said: "People in Whitehall, and those watching Whitehall, are operating according to total arcane Whitehall departmental silos. The world is not segmented according to Whitehall segmented boundaries.
"What I care about is making sure the big judgments on protecting the budgets of health, overseas development and schools is retained, but how that falls across departmental boundaries is secondary."
But they added that there would be no attempt to redefine the aid budget in such a way to mask cuts: "I can rule out that we are going to reinvent the definition of overseas development in a way that breaches international definitions".
Clegg vowed that Britain would not leave Afghanistan early despite the death of three British soldiers in Helmand province on Tuesday. "It is very important that just as we went in together so we should come out together," they said.
The deputy prime minister promised to be guided by public health professionals on minimum alcohol pricing and plain packaged cigarettes, two public health issues that may feature in the Queen's speech later this month. They said no final decision had been made to reject minimum alcohol pricing: "If the evidence can show the public health benefits outweighs the doubts, then I would side with the public health arguments, but they have to be compelling arguments."
Clegg urged Labour to rethink its economic approach after a rocky week that featured a poor performance by Miliband in a Radio 4 interview. "Personally I think Labour is walking into a trap," Clegg said. "They are being so hyperbolic and breathless in their accusations against the coalition government that they are giving Labour supporters the impression that it will be terribly easy to do something different. At some point, they are going to overcome their schoolboy posturing and say what they are going to do.
"When you have the second largest deficit after Greece and when you have slowed the deficit reduction timetable as we have, and when you have deficit reduction plans that are the same or less than some of your major European competitors, the idea that Labour seems to be peddling that there is an economically literate alternative available to us misses the point."
BlazBlue And Guilty Gear Costumes Now Available For Dead or Alive 5: Last round
By Sato . March 14, 2017 . 3:30am
Team Ninja just released the Arc System Works collaboration costumes for Dead or Alive 5: Last Round featuring outfits from BlazBlue and Guilty Gear. Here's a look at a new trailer and screenshots for the costumes.
The collaboration costumes from Arc System Works is now available in Japan and Europe, but not in North America as of this article. It is available for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Steam versions of Dead or Alive 5: Last Round.
Here's a look at some screenshots for all 16 costumes:
Ayane as Ino
Nyotengu as Dizzy
Kokoro as Celica A.Mercury
Tina as Bullet
Christie as Jack-O'
Leifang as Jam Kuradoberi
Momiji as Baiken
Rachel as Millia Rage
Mila as Makoto Nanaya
Hitomi as Tsubaki Yayoi
Phase 4 as Mu -No. 12-
Kasumi as Noel Vermillion
Lisa as Ramlethal Valentine
Honoka as Elphelt Valentine
Marie Rose as Platinum the Trinity
Helena as Nine the Phantom
Dead or Alive 5: Last Round is available on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
The city of Chicago is witnessing its deadliest start to a year in nearly two decades -- 102 people have been killed and 475 people were shot in the city since January 1st.
The official police homicide count sits at 97, which includes only murders as opposed to what police consider justified homicides such as self-defense. 2016 is the most violent start to a year in the city since 1997, the Chicago Tribune reported.
“The level of violence is unacceptable and CPD continues to aggressively target those responsible, especially in neighborhoods where gang activity is most active,” CPD spokesperson Anthony Guglielmi wrote in an email.
Police blame some of the surge in violence on gang conflicts and retaliatory crimes, many of which officers now say begin on social media before spilling out onto the streets.
A recent study by the University of Chicago Crime Lab concludes that combining the high level of gun carrying in Chicago with impulsive behavior and drug use has also contributed to the extreme bloodshed. Last year over 7,000 guns were recovered from the streets of Chicago—more than New York and Los Angeles combined--according to police.
To complicate matters, the hubs of Chicago's crime, the city's west and south sides, potentially have become even more dangerous as the so-called “Ferguson Effect” is impacting how police patrol the streets. Analysts say officers are engaging less out of a fear of lawsuits or being labeled racist. Even Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said in October 2015 that officers have become “fetal.”
“In Chicago, like a lot of other cities, the surfacing of videos and protests against police has had at least the short term impact on some making them more passive than one would like,” former Chicago Tribune Managing Editor and Poynter Institute Media Correspondent, Jim Warren, tells Fox News.
Adding to the Ferguson Effect, the Chicago Police Department is also dealing with an “ACLU effect.” In an exclusive new agreement with the American Civil Liberties Union, Chicago Police officers are now required to fill out a two-page contact card after every engagement ranging from a simple ID check to an arrest.
The Chicago Fraternal Order of Police says the ACLU contact cards are burdensome and officers worry the compiled statistics could somehow be misconstrued and used against them. As a result, Chicago Police reported officers engaged a staggering 80 percent less in the month of January.
“They don't want to be the next headline,” Chicago Fraternal Order of Police President, Dean Angelo, told Fox News. “It's the amount of the above and beyond type of activity that officers were engaged in that we may not see at that same level ever again.”
The ACLU, however, denies its contact cards have anything to do with Chicago's violence and tells Fox News since March 1st officers are filling out a more streamlined report with changes made based on police feedback.
In response to the skyrocketing crime CPD has formed a Gun Violence Task Force, teaming up with the Cook County Sherriff's office and other local and federal agencies including Homeland Security.
Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart says they hope the committee can implement some type of small emergency changes without legislation, commenting that they get “hives” when they hear about another task force.
“If we can generate four, five, 10 small things to help our communities we will have accomplished something,” Dart said.
One of the challenges the task force faces is identifying who the big gun brokers are that deliver firearms in large quantities to the city's streets. The University of Chicago Crime Lab findings indicate most gun offenders aren't participators in the illegal gun market and many gun offenders admit to police they buy guns simply to protect themselves against everyone else who already carries a weapon.
Another common complaint heard in Chicago is that its judicial system is soft, especially in comparison to a city like New York where people reportedly drop their weapon and run from police. Dart says the task force will look into a potential gap between police and the state attorney's office.
“People in New York know they're going away if they get locked up with a gun. Here, it's happened before and I'm back out. I make bond and I'm back out,” Angelo said. “There's really no serious repercussion and I hope that changes.”
The uptick in violence on the streets of Chicago comes as City Hall is dealing with its own turmoil. Chicago is in the midst of months of historic protests and unrest amid strong demands for Mayor Emanuel to resign.
Emanuel, working under record low approval ratings, has faced fierce criticism about the delayed release of previous CPD videos depicting white officers shooting unarmed black teens. Critics and protestors have alleged Emanuel tried to bury the tapes to secure their re-election last year.
In November, a judge ruled Chicago Police must release a video depicting white police officer Jason Van Dyke shooting unarmed black teen Laquan McDonald to death. The video sparked outrage and the former police Superintendent Garry McCarthy was fired. Van Dyke was charged with murder but has pleaded not guilty and awaits trial.
In an effort to be more transparent since, Emanuel recently announced CPD videos depicting shootings will now be released within 60 to 90 days, which is also a concern to police who might feel releasing the tapes too soon could impede an investigation or exacerbate any allegations.
Angelo argues the city should be taking more input directly from police who patrol the streets.
“Everyone's become the expert in policing although they've never had a weapon on their hip, they've never got into a squad car, they've never put a badge on their chest and they never went into a situation when people were running from it but they all have an opinion and they all have a reason and they all have a design on police work,” Angelo said.
Chicago police announced in early March that among some of its immediate solutions to combat crime, the interim police chief is deploying 100 newly trained sergeants, working with the Chicago Department of Buildings to expedite the demolition of abandoned buildings that can serve as a hub of gang activity, and saturating high crime areas with added police.
Police say the increased enforcement is already seeing results: since the middle of February, gun arrests are up by 43%, and for the entire month of February, arrests for murder are up by more than 40% from last year.
Mon, 03 Mar 2008 16:51:32 GMT
Hacking is not only about coming up with interesting solutions to problems, but also about exploring the unknown. It was this drive for knowledge philosophy that lead to surveying a significant sample of the Internet which allowed us to make some VERY interesting observations and get an idea of the current state of remote SNMP hacking.
Why SNMP?
2.5 million random IP addresses were surveyed via SNMP. "Why SNMP you might be asking?" Well, there are several reasons.
First of all SNMP is a UDP-based protocol which allows us to perform scanning at a much shorter time than via TCP-based protocols. Another advantage of UDP-based protocols is that the source IP address can be spoofed easily. In the case of SNMP, it means that an attacker could change configuration settings from a spoofed IP address provided that a valid write community string is identified or cracked. Needless to say changing config settings via SNMP can lead to a full compromise. Finally, we have been very involved researching embedded devices lately, and since a significant amount of Internet devices are hackable via SNMP, such protocol was an obvious candidate.
When SNMP read access is all we need for successful pwnage
Gaining SNMP write access is of course usually considered to be a more serious issue than gaining SNMP read access only. However, even if a cracker only gained read access to a device/server via a SNMP community string, sometimes it would be possible to extract sensitive information such as usernames and passwords which would eventually lead to a compromise of the targeted systems. In order to accomplish this, all that is needed by the attacker is knowledge of an interesting OID to query. My point is that SNMP read access could be enough to fully own a device!
Examples of juicy leaks via SNMP read access
For instance, Windows servers return the full list of usernames by snmwalking the OID 1.3.6.1.4.1.77.1.2.25 . Or how about the BT Voyager 2000 router leaking the ISP credentials including the password? Oh, wait, I almost forgot to mention HP JetDirect printers leaking the admin password via SNMP read access (using OIDs .iso.3.6.1.4.1.11.2.3.9.4.2.1.3.9.1.1.0 and .1.3.6.1.4.1.11.2.3.9.1.1.13.0 ). And of course the recently disclosed Dynamic DNS credentials disclosure on ZyXEL Prestige routers via the OID 1.3.6.1.4.1.890.1.2.1.2.6.0 (see section 2.2 in the paper for more details). You get the point: lots of devices leak way too much information via SNMP read access.
The juicy survey stats!
From a total number of 2.5 million random IP addresses, 5320 IP addresses responded to the submitted SNMP requests. Although this is only %0.2128 of all the IP addresses, we need to keep in mind that most Internet systems with SNMP support correspond to embedded devices, which only make a small portion of the Internet. One query was sent to each random IP using the community string public , which is often used as the default read community string. The OID queried on each request is 1.3.6.1.2.1.1.1.0 which is the system description (usually returns brand and model). The destination port used was 161/UDP. Although some systems used different default port numbers for SNMP daemons, 161 is definitely the most common one.
In order to protect the innocent, we hid the first two octets of the IP addresses included in our results CSV file:
cat ./2dot5million-random-ips.csv | while read line do echo -en '*.*.' >>./2dot5million-random-ips.hidden.csv; echo $line | cut -d "." -f 3- >> ./2dot5million-random-ips.hidden.csv done
The most common systems found were the following:
ARRIS Touchstone Telephony Modems
Cisco routers
Apple AirPort and Base Station
ZyXEL Prestige routers
Netopia routers
Windows 2000 servers
Obviously, what kind of SNMP-enabled devices are the most popular on the Internet is very interesting information from a research point of view. For instance, if researching remote SNMP vulnerabilities, it would make sense to focus on a type of device that is widely-spread through the Internet.
I'll leave you guys to make your own observations by reading the results CSV file.
The Atlanta lawyer whose racial discrimination suit against CNN was dismissed earlier this year says they are re-filing the class action case – this time with a new set of plaintiffs and even more alleged victims.
The network news channel's alleged racial discrimination is “as abhorrent as all of the sexual harassment cases that are rightfully now being prosecuted,” Daniel R. Meachum told Fox News. “Educated, well-intentioned, experienced and talented African-Americans are being discriminated against.”
Celeslie Henley, a plaintiff in the first version, said they worked at CNN for seven years until they were allegedly fired after emailing the human resources department about discriminatory treatment. The suit also claimed that the liberal network had a “glass ceiling” on the career paths of African-American staffers.
The original lawsuit had 175 plaintiffs, but Meachum said 30 more alleged victims have come forward since Judge William Duffey Jr. essentially ruled in July the case didn't have enough to move forward as a class action suit. “We are drafting a new complaint, line by line, addressing the issues that they outlined for us,” Meachum said.
The attorney also said they understand proving discrimination is “a challenge,” but said the 205 plaintiffs involved “are not overly sensitive, walking around with chips on their shoulder.”
The suit will be refiled sometime this year, according to Meachum, who said they are still gathering the necessary paperwork from the new plaintiffs. The news comes as CNN continues to cause problems for parent company Time Warner as it tries to complete an $84.5 billion deal with AT&T.
The original suit “alleged CNN and sister companies claims that African-Americans receive lower performance ratings in evaluations.”
“With the information that we have, and will get during discovery, I think we will be able to survive a motion for summary judgement. At that point, I think we will be victorious." — Daniel R. Meachum
Meachum said the new suit's 205 accusers will be named in an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission action, and have a 90-day right-to-sue letter.
“My office has been contacted consistently from people who worked there… talking about the discrimination at CNN,” Meachum said.
Meachum said “95 percent” of the 205 people claim their discrimination occurred within the past four years.
“With the information that we have, and will get during discovery, I think we will be able to survive a motion for summary judgement. At that point, I think we will be victorious,” Meachum said.
CNN did not respond to request for comment.
This article is over 6 years old
Activists run TV ads based on Romney's dismissive remarks about global warming and bid to follow them on campaign trail
Two new election ads have attacked Mitt Romney for making jokes about sea-level rise, as campaigners move to tap concern about climate change after Sandy.
In the final days before the vote, two groups are running television ads based on Romney's dismissive remarks about climate change. Activists are following the candidate on the campaign trail, to shout out questions about climate change from the rope line.
The two new anti-Romney ads mix the Republican candidate's off-hand remarks about sea-level rise and global warming with scenes from the devastation wrought by Sandy.
"I'm not in this race to slow the rise of the oceans or to heal the planet," says a relaxed-looking Romney, as their wife Ann looks on, in the ad produced by the League of Conservation Voters.
The group has spent more than $13m on ads in these elections, more than the 2006, 2008 and 2010 elections combined. Most of that has gone on ads attacking Republican House and Senate leaders who do not accept climate science.
Another campaign ad produced by Forecast the Facts uses a clip from Romney's now notorious convention speech in which they mocked Obama's 2008 campaign pledge to act on climate change.
Meanwhile, activists are turning up at Romney's rallies demanding: "Do you still believe global warming is funny?"
Sandy finally made climate change an issue in the presidential elections – after months with virtually no mention from Obama or Romney on the campaign trail.
Michael Bloomberg's decision to snub Romney and endorse Obama – because of the president's work on climate change – has also focused attention on the issue.
"It's become more immediate. People are not thinking about climate change as far away and in the future any more," said Daniel Souweine of Forecast the Facts.
"It's shifting from a kind of scientific conversation to a moral one."
The group, which focuses on pushing back against climate change denial, has been raising money off Romney's convention speech.
It plans to run the climate ad in the Washington DC suburbs of northern Virginia, a strongly Democratic area in the battleground state, and around Columbus, Ohio, which typically is a swing district.
Souweine said the group hoped to expand to New Hampshire, where Romney plans to hold their final rally on Monday, or to North Carolina.
The prospect of going on the air in North Carolina has excited some activists. Last June, state officials voted to ban discussion of future sea-level rise, in what was seen as an attempt to stop debate on global warming.
After Sandy, campaigners hope such a posture will become politically untenable.
"We cannot risk having leaders in Washington who turn a blind eye to the threat of climate change and the devastating impact it's having," Gene Karpinski, president of the League of Conservation Voters said.
CNN has parted ways with Reza Aslan, the host of a documentary series on the network, whose profane anti-Trump tweets were widely criticized earlier this week.
The network said Friday that it has "decided to not move forward with production" on Aslan's "Believer" series.
Season one of "Believer" premiered in March. Season two was announced at an event for advertisers in mid-May. Aslan's production company had already started working on the new episodes.
But the network decided to break off the production relationship after Aslan called President Trump a piece of excrement, using an expletive, last Saturday.
CNN's decision came about a week after it split with Kathy Griffin, the comedian who has co-hosted the network's New Year's Eve show for the past decade. Griffin was shown in photos holding up a bloodied head depicting the president. First they defended it as artistic, then they issued an apology. CNN fired them the next day.
Aslan has been a virulent critic of Trump for some time, but this particular tweet crossed a line in the minds of some media critics. Prominent conservatives weighed in and said they wanted Aslan to be fired.
Aslan posted the tweet in reaction to Trump's promotion of a "travel ban" in the immediate aftermath of a terror attack in London.
"I lost my cool and responded to them in a derogatory fashion. That's not like me," Aslan said in a statement the next day. "I should have used better language to express my shock and frustration at the president's lack of decorum and sympathy for the victims of London. I apologize for my choice of words."
CNN responded in a statement: "We are pleased that they have apologized for their tweets. That kind of discourse is never appropriate."
The network's statement also pointed out that Aslan is not a CNN employee. Unwinding the contractual relationship with Aslan's production company apparently took several days.
CNN's Friday statement about the cancellation of "Believer" said, "We wish Reza and their production team all the best."
Aslan responded to the cancellation in a statement. They said they recognized that CNN "needs to protect its brand."
"Obviously I am very disappointed in this decision. Believer means a great deal to me and to the countless viewers it's reached," Aslan said. "Its message of religious tolerance and exploration is extremely important right now. I am deeply grateful to CNN for giving me the opportunity to launch the show and to amplify my voice on their network. I am especially grateful to the legion of people within the Turner organization who worked so hard to make the show a hit series. However, in these politically charged times, the tenor of our nation's discourse has become complicated, and I recognize that CNN needs to protect its brand as an unbiased news outlet. Similarly, I need to honor my voice. I am not a journalist. I am a social commentator and scholar. And so I agree with CNN that it is best that we part ways. I look forward to partnering with another platform in the future to continue to spread my message. I wish CNN all the best."
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
VOTERS have once again shot an arrow into the heart of a European Union treaty. This time it was the Irish, who voted no to the Lisbon treaty on June 12th by 53-47%, on a high turnout. They follow the French and Dutch, who rejected Lisbon's predecessor, the EU constitution, in 2005. In 2001 the Irish also turned down the Nice treaty, but the Danes started this game when they voted against the Maastricht treaty in 1992.
Europe's political leaders react to these unwelcome expressions of popular will in three depressingly familiar stages. First they declare portentously that the European club is in deep “crisis” and unable to function. Next, even though treaties have to be ratified by all members to take effect, they put the onus of finding a solution on the country that has said no. Last, they start to hint that the voters in question should think again, and threaten that a second rejection may force the recalcitrant country to leave the EU. The sole exception to this three-stage process was the Franco-Dutch no in 2005. Then, after two years of debate the politicians hit on the cynical wheeze of writing the constitution's main elements into the incomprehensible Lisbon treaty, with the deliberate aim of avoiding the need to consult Europe's voters directly again.
Now the Irish, the only people in the EU to be offered a referendum on Lisbon, have shot down even this wheeze. And as EU leaders gathered for a Brussels summit, after The Economist went to press, most had duly embarked on their usual three-stage reaction, all the while promising to “respect” the outcome of the Irish referendum—by which they mean to look for a way round it (see article). Some have had the gall to argue, with a straight face, that Lisbon must be brought into effect despite the Irish no because it will make the EU more democratic. This is Brussels's equivalent of a doctor saying that the operation was a success, but the patient died. In truth, it is the Lisbon treaty that should be allowed to die.
Democracy and efficiency don't always go together
Every part of EU leaders' three-stage response is wrong-headed. The Irish rejection of the treaty is a setback, certainly. But in the days after the vote, the Brussels machinery has acted normally, approving mergers, looking into state-aid cases, holding meetings and passing directives. The claim that an expanded EU of 27 countries cannot function without Lisbon is simply not true. Indeed, several academic studies have found that the enlarged EU has worked more efficiently than before. Besides, it is not always desirable to speed up decision-making: democracy usually operates by slowing it down. And many of the institutional reforms in the Lisbon treaty would not have taken effect until 2014 or 2017 in any case.
Nor is it right to treat the outcome as a problem for Ireland alone, still less to start talking of making the Irish vote again. As it happens, a case can be made that EU treaties are too complex to be readily susceptible to a simple yes/no vote. But 11 EU governments grandly promised such referendums on the constitution, and ten of them have been dishonest in pretending that Lisbon is a wholly different document. The Irish constitution requires a vote on any treaty that transfers any power at all to the European level. Even if one believes that referendums are not always desirable, it is both stupefyingly arrogant and anti-democratic to refuse to take no for an answer. Just what kind of democracy is being practised by the EU when the only outcome of a vote that is ever acceptable to Brussels is a yes (see article)?
A mess of pottage
It is not as if the Lisbon treaty is such a wonderful text. Besides being incomprehensible, it was—as so many EU treaties are—a messy compromise. And, like the constitution, it failed to meet the objectives laid down by an EU summit in Laeken almost seven years ago. The broad aims then were to clarify the EU's distribution of powers, with an eye to handing more of them back to national parliaments; and to simplify the rules so as to make the EU more transparent and bring it closer to its citizens. Nobody could pretend that Lisbon fulfils these goals.
This is not to say that everything in the treaty is bad. It would have improved the institutional machinery in Brussels, sorted out a muddle in foreign-policy making and brought in a fairer system of voting by EU members. But these are not the sorts of changes to set voters alight. And in truth, few EU governments or institutions are genuine enthusiasts for the treaty as such (Germany, which would gain voting weight, and the European Parliament, which would win extra powers, are two exceptions). Most simply wanted to get it out of the way and move on to issues more interesting than the institutional navel-gazing that has preoccupied the EU for too long.
After the Irish no, that is precisely what they should now do. The treaty should be buried so that the EU can focus on more urgent matters, such as energy, climate change, immigration, dealing with Russia and the EU's own expansion. It is disingenuous to claim, as some do, that without Lisbon no further enlargement is possible. Each applicant needs an accession treaty that can include the institutional changes, such as new voting weights or extra parliamentary seats.
Needless to say, many of Europe's leaders will instead look for ingenious ways to ignore or reverse the Irish decision. But to come up with a few declarations or protocols and ask the Irish to vote again would not just be contemptuous of democracy: the turnout and margin of defeat also suggest that it might fail. Nor can Ireland, legally or morally, be excluded from the EU. Attempts by diehards to forge a core group of countries that builds a United States of Europe would also founder because, outside Belgium and Luxembourg, there is no longer a serious appetite for a federal Europe.
Ireland is a small country, to be sure. But the EU is an inter-governmental organisation that needs a consensus to proceed. It is bogus to claim that 1m voters are thwarting the will of 495m Europeans by blocking this treaty. Referendums would have been lost in many other countries had their people been given a say. Voters have thrice said no to this mess of pottage. It is time their verdict was respected.
© Giulio Saggin/ABC News The Australian newspaper publishes a full page list of companies supporting same-sex marriage.
Some of Australia's biggest businesses have thrown their weight behind the push for gay marriage, with a full-page newspaper advertisement today.
Corporations including Google, Qantas, Optus and the ANZ and Commonwealth banks have put their names to a list of Australian businesses backing marriage equality.
Others supporters include law firms Slater and Gordon and Gilbert and Tobin, and the Football Federation of Australia.
The ad was published after Prime Minister Tony Abbott's sister Christine Forster told the ABC they believed gay marriage would be legal in Australia by the end of the year.
Ms Forster, who is engaged to a woman told Lateline they thought their brother knew the change was inevitable.
But they said they did not think their brother's personal opposition to gay marriage had changed.
"At the end of the day I'm sure they will understand that this is good and fair for everybody and it will be great for Australia," they said.
The same-sex marriage debate has gained momentum this week on the back of Ireland's hugely successful referendum at the weekend.
Mr Abbott said on Wednesday the decision on whether or not Liberal MPs should have a free vote on the issue would be decided in a party room debate.
They also indicated there should be bi-partisan support for the issue.
It's been reported that someone has figured out, and published, a way to hack some Android apps to bypass our new Android Market licensing server. We'll be saying more on this, but there are a few points that deserve to be made right now:
The licensing service, while very young, is a significant step forward in terms of protection over the plain copy-protection facility that used to be the norm. In the how-to-pirate piece, its author wrote: “For now, Google's Licensing Service is still, in my opinion, the best option for copy protection.”
The licensing service provides infrastructure that developers can use to write custom authentication checks for each of their applications. The first release shipped with the simplest, most transparent imaginable sample implementation, which was written to be easy to understand and modify, rather than security-focused.
Some developers are using this sample as-is, which makes their applications easier to attack. The attacks we've seen so far are also all on applications that have neglected to obfuscate their code, a practice that we strongly recommend. We'll be publishing detailed instructions for developers on how to do this.
The number of apps that have migrated to the licensing server at this point in time is very small. It will grow, because the server is a step forward.
100% piracy protection is never possible in any system that runs third-party code, but the licensing server, when correctly implemented and customized for your app, is designed to dramatically increase the cost and difficulty of pirating.
The best attack on pirates is to make their work more difficult and expensive, while simultaneously making the legal path to products straightforward, easy, and fast. Piracy is a bad business to be in when the user has a choice between easily purchasing the app and visiting an untrustworthy, black-market site.
Android Market is already a responsive, low-friction, safe way for developer to get their products to users. The licensing server makes it safer, and we will continue to improve it. The economics are already working for the developers and against the pirates, and are only going to tilt further in that direction.
The phrase "Saturday night special" is a colloquial term used in the United States and Canada, to describe inexpensive, compact, small-caliber handguns of perceived low quality.[1] However, there is no official definition of "Saturday night special" under US or Canadian federal law. Some states define "Saturday night specials" or junk guns by means of composition or materials strength. In the late 19th century and early 20th century, they were commonly referred to as suicide specials.[2]
Definitions [ edit ]
The term "Saturday night special" is an informal term that describes an inexpensive gun of perceived lesser quality[3] (typically due to poor workmanship or use of inexpensive metals such as zamac) or, for reasons relating to gun politics.[2] Although the term is used to imply that the only reason for the manufacture of such a gun is for use in crime, studies show that criminals prefer high-quality guns, in the largest caliber they can easily conceal.[4]
Legal definition of a "junk gun" usually specifies the materials that used in the manufacture of the gun, targeting zinc castings, low melting points (usually 800 degrees Fahrenheit), powder metallurgy, and other low-cost manufacturing techniques. Nearly all guns made this way are chambered for low-pressure cartridges, such as .22 Long Rifle, .25 ACP, and .32 ACP, which allows these techniques to provide sufficient strength and desirable weight while still keeping a low cost. The low-strength materials and cheap construction result in poor durability and marginal accuracy at longer ranges, but as most of these guns are designed for use in self-defense, accuracy and durability are not primary design goals.
Origin of the term [ edit ]
The MP-25 was made by Raven Arms , which has been referred to as the first of the "Ring of Fire" companies, those known for producing inexpensive handguns.
The earliest known use of the term "Saturday night special" in print is in the August 17, 1968 issue of The New York Times. In a front-page article titled Handgun Imports Held Up by U.S, author Fred Graham wrote, "... cheap, small-caliber 'Saturday night specials' that are a favorite of holdup men..."
The term "Saturday night special" came into wider use with the passing of the Gun Control Act of 1968 because the act banned the importation and manufacture of many inexpensive firearms, including a large number of revolvers made by Röhm Gesellschaft. With importation banned, Röhm opened a factory in Miami, Florida, and a number of companies in the United States began production of inexpensive handguns, including Raven Arms, Jennings Firearms (later Bryco Arms, now Jimenez Arms), Phoenix Arms, Lorcin Engineering Company, Davis Industries, Arcadia Machine & Tool, and Sundance Industries, which collectively came to be known as the "Ring of Fire companies".[5]
Gun ownership advocates describe the term as racist in origin[6] arguing that many of the guns banned were typically purchased and owned by low-income black people.[2][7] In their book Restricting Handguns: The Liberal Skeptics Speak Out, gun rights advocate Don Kates found racial overtones in the focus on the Saturday night special.[8]
Issues [ edit ]
Safety of operation [ edit ]
Despite the low-cost manufacture of "Saturday night specials", firearms sold in most countries are required to pass certain safety tests, particularly a proof test consisting of firing a special high pressure round (proof load) which far exceeds the European C.I.P.[9] or U.S. SAAMI[10] pressure maximum for the round (see internal ballistics).
Criminal use statistics [ edit ]
While Saturday night specials are commonly perceived as inexpensive, and therefore disposable after the commission of a crime, criminal behavior does not always conform to this expectation. A 1985 study of 1,800 incarcerated felons showed that criminals at the time preferred revolvers and other non-semi-automatic firearms over semi-automatic firearms.[11] A change in preferences towards semi-automatic pistols occurred in the early 1990s, coinciding with the arrival of crack cocaine and rise of violent youth gangs.[12]
Nonetheless, three of the top ten types of guns involved in crime (as represented by police trace requests[4] in the US are widely considered to be Saturday night specials; as reported by the ATF in 1993, these included the Raven Arms .25 caliber, Davis P-380 .380 caliber, and Lorcin L 380 .380 calibers.[13] However, the same study showed the most common firearm used in homicides was a large caliber revolver, and no revolvers of any kind appear on the top ten list of traced firearms.[4]
Availability [ edit ]
In 2003, the NAACP filed suit against 45 gun manufacturers for creating what it called a "public nuisance" through the "negligent marketing" of handguns, which included models commonly described as Saturday night specials. The suit alleged that handgun manufacturers and distributors were guilty of marketing guns in a way that encouraged violence in black and Hispanic neighborhoods.[14] The suit was dismissed by US District Judge Jack B. Weinstein, who ruled that members of the NAACP were not "uniquely harmed" by illegal use of firearms and therefore had no standing to sue.[15]
Proponents of gun ownership argue the elimination of inexpensive firearms limits constitutionally protected gun rights for those of lesser means. Roy Innis, former President of Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) and a member of the National Rifle Association's governing board,[16][17] said "to make inexpensive guns impossible to get is to say that you're putting a money test on getting a gun. It's racism in its worst form." CORE filed as an amicus curiae in a 1985 suit challenging Maryland's Saturday night special/low-caliber handgun ban.[18]
Peter Rossi and James D. Wright authored a study for the National Institute of Justice which suggested the ban on Saturday night specials was ineffective or counterproductive.[19] A Cato Institute Policy analysis by Dave Kopel went further: "The people most likely to be deterred from acquiring a handgun by exceptionally high prices or by the nonavailability of certain kinds of handguns are not felons intent on arming themselves for criminal purposes, who are more likely to use stolen weapons, but rather poor people who have decided they need a gun to protect themselves against the felons but who find that the cheapest gun in the market costs more than they can afford to pay."[18]
Regulation [ edit ]
United States [ edit ]
The earliest law prohibiting inexpensive handguns was enacted in Tennessee, in the form of the "Army and Navy Law", passed in 1879, shortly after the 14th amendment and Civil Rights Act of 1875; previous laws invalidated by the constitutional amendment had stated that black freedmen could not own or carry any manner of firearm. The Army and Navy Law prohibited the sale of "belt or pocket pistols, or revolvers, or any other kind of pistols, except army or navy pistols", which were prohibitively expensive for black freedmen and poor whites to purchase.[20] These were large pistols in .36 caliber ("navy") or .44 caliber ("army"), and were the military issue cap and ball black-powder revolvers used during the Civil War by both Union and Confederate ground troops. The effect of the law was to restrict handgun possession to the upper economic classes.[21]
The next major attempt to regulate inexpensive firearms was the Gun Control Act of 1968, which used the "sporting purposes" test and a points system to exclude many small, inexpensive handguns which had been imported from European makers such as Röhm. The act also had the effect of banning the import of high quality pocket pistols such as the Browning 1910 and the Walther PPK, which were very popular among police officers as backup guns, since police use was not a "sporting purpose" and the backup guns failed the points system on basis of size.[citation needed]
Most manufacturers in the US were not directly impacted by the Gun Control Act, as they were not subject to the import restrictions, and for the most part they did not manufacture compact, inexpensive handguns that competed with the banned imports.[22] However, demand for quality compact handguns or police service pistols beyond the capacity of domestic manufacture led either to domestic manufacture of guns banned from import (Interarms began making the Walther PPK) or to establishment of US factories by foreign makers such as Beretta.
The demand for inexpensive handguns still existed and a number of new companies were formed to fill that gap. In an effort to cut costs, many of these guns were made with cast zinc alloy components, rather than the more typical machined or cast steel. As a result, legislation against "junk guns" subsequently targeted the zinc frames used in construction by specifying a melting point. This backfired when police departments began adopting polymer framed guns such as the Glock, which are made by every major firearms manufacturer (with the exception of Colt), which will burn at temperatures much lower than the commonly specified 800 °F. Legislators then changed the definitions to target size (barrel lengths under 3 inches), materials (such as zinc), or low-cost manufacturing techniques (e.g., density requirements that specifically ban inexpensive powder cast metals),[23] Some of these legal restrictions are based on product liability law; a gun should not discharge when dropped. Others, such as requiring loaded chamber indicators, are controversial.[citation needed]
As a result of these laws, the original Glock models imported from Austria, and later adopted by many US police departments, had to be equipped with fragile adjustable sights to gain enough points to be imported as "target pistols"; these were replaced by Glock in the US with the original rugged fixed sight, thus creating the original unimportable configuration desired for police service use.[24] All compact models have "target grips" in the form of finger grooves molded into the plastic, and, until it was produced domestically, Glock's model G42 .380 ACP model was not available for import to the US due to its inability to make the required number of points for import. The other two Glocks model in .380 the G25 and the G28 still only available to law enforcement [25]
Law enforcement is also specifically exempted from these bans and regulations.[26]
Canada [ edit ]
In Canada, the 1995 Firearms Act (known as Bill C-68 before passage) classified handguns with a calibre of .25 or .32, or having a barrel length of 105 mm or shorter, as "prohibited" weapons. This provision appears to have been specifically aimed at "Saturday night specials".[27] Exceptions are made for target pistols in these calibres used in international shooting competitions.[28]
"This year's Carter's Review has just come out, and the University of the Californias at Breaker Bay once again ranks in the nation's top three universities for graduate employment and expected lifetime income. Aren't you glad you've chosen to get your education here? Go, Sharks!"
–Breaker Bay Bulletin
Find your dorm, meet your roomie, boot up your PAD, and head to class. Breaker Bay is now available for Android: Netrunner!
The second Data Pack in the SanSan Cycle, Breaker Bay features a wealth of new resources, assets, programs, and events that explore the meat space and culture of one of the Americas' premier technological universities. As its sixty cards (three copies each of twenty individual cards) touch upon everything from the grungiest Dorm Computer (Breaker Bay, 24) to the most powerful programs available in London Library (Breaker Bay, 29), Breaker Bay offers a futuristic take on the collegiate lives of students like Hayley Kaplan (Breaker Bay, 25) and their peers.
It's not all studies and parties, though. The cost of tuition also means you'll need to think about Student Loans (Breaker Bay, 38) and how you can, someday, pay them back. Fortunately, the top UCBB students are always highly recruited, and you may have a future waiting for you with one of the world's top megacorps!
Career Day at Breaker Bay
It's a poorly kept secret that many of the UCBB students who attend the university's weekly, underground Hacktivist Meetings (Breaker Bay, 21) are just looking to learn and develop the skills that might help them draw the interest those corporate recruiters that might be willing to offer them fat paychecks for easy work as a sysop. After all, everyone knows that if you want to stop a runner, you have to learn how to think like one.
This is why megacorps like Jinteki are constantly sending staff on Recruiting Trips (Breaker Bay, 35) to Breaker Bay to meet with the university's top students. You never know when you might meet the next Bernice Mai (Humanity's Shadow, 97) or Midori (Future Proof, 113). A good sysop's talents can keep a runner guessing, and every corp's always on the lookout for some brilliant young student who may someday rival The Twins (Order and Chaos, 24).
Of course, such meetings aren't one-sided affairs. They can benefit the students plenty, too, and aspiring runners who attend Career Fairs (Breaker Bay, 23) may have an easier time making valuable connections in the future. Can that recruiter become an Inside Man (A Study in Static, 68)? Can you access their PAD during the meeting, leaving them a Compromised Employee (Trace Amount, 25)? Or will you simply use your Career Fair to make some Professional Contacts (Creation and Control, 49), which you may call upon for all manner of potential leads?
Time to Hit the Books
There's plenty to see and learn at the University of the Californias at Breaker Bay. So crack open your Study Guide (Breaker Bay, 28), head to your local retailer or our webstore, and pick up your copy today!
I mentioned to my SS that I was a puzzle addict, and as I opened two boxes of Secret Santa awesomeness, I found not one, not two, but THREE puzzle-a-day calendars. I was scanning over them with visions of completed Sudokus dancing in my head, when I noticed the packaging slip and one more item in a black box, hiding like a ninja.
I read the packaging note, which included a mention of how my SS couldn't go anywhere without their Kindle, and a couple humble suggestions for some new reads. Still embarrassingly oblivious to what was in that black box (I'd been sick, worked way too late last night when the overnight aide for my 83-year-old dementia patient didn't show, had just finished one of the longest weeks of my life, and I'd slept all day like a hibernating bear -- I'll use that as my excuse for being completely daft), I skimmed the packing list again.
A Kindle? Excuse me? This is a mistake, surely. A Kindle is one of those things I've never asked for, but have been increasingly aware that I would benefit greatly by owning one. I was still in complete denial that this was actually a gift for me. I come from a well-meaning yet snarky family, and expected to find a fake library card inside the Kindle box. (I still would have found that funny)
But no. AN ACTUAL FREAKING KINDLE. HOLY CRAP.
I sent a text to a friend immediately asking them IF THIS WAS EVEN POSSIBLE. There were many "OMG HOLY SHIT"s exchanged between us.
Then I downloaded some Truman Capote, "Ready Player One" (the first of two books suggested by my SS) and GOT MY READ ON.
Thank you SO MUCH!! This was TOTALLY unexpected... I still can't believe it. Leave it to an awesome redditor to find a perfect and EXTREMELY generous gift... and I'm also now absolutely guaranteed to work out my brain every day of 2014!
Now, excuse me while I keep pinching myself to figure out if I'm still actually dreaming. :)
TORONTO: The Canadian Taxpayers Federation (CTF) responded to the Ontario budget today decrying the McGuinty government's plans to run nine years of deficits. CTF Federal Director, Kevin Gaudet said “this is a never-ending deficit nightmare. Premier McGuinty is just closing their eyes and hoping it will go away. Instead, they should be taking meaningful action to get spending under control.”
Nine Years of Deficit Spending adds $116.6 billion to debt – borrowing at $675 per second
The government is projecting a deficit of $21.3 billion for 2009-10, the largest deficit in the history of Ontario. Deficits are projected through 2017-18. In nine years of deficits, Premier McGuinty will add $116.6 billion more to Ontario's debt. That amount is $9,328 for each man, woman and child in Ontario. The government is borrowing at a rate of $58.4 million per day.
“If, during the last six years, the government had held the line on spending, Ontario wouldn't be suffering through this nightmare. There would be no deficit at all”, said Gaudet.
Spending - Blowing Past the $100-Billion Mark – climbs 11 per cent per year
Government program spending under Mr. McGuinty was $64.3 billion in 2003/04. Spending in 2010-2011 is projected to explode to $115.9 billion. This is an increase of $51.6 billion in seven years – an increase of over 80 per cent – above 11 per cent for each year of the McGuinty government.
Spending restraint measures include a three year freeze on MPP pay, a measure the CTF has been calling for and applauds. However, “freezing the pay of non-unionized public sector employees while refusing to do anything to reduce the lucrative compensation of unionized public sector employees is a meaningless gesture that will only serve to create internal job hostility” said Gaudet.
HST Hikes taxes by 8 per cent July 1st , Revenue to Climb $1.7 billion
The CTF called on the McGuinty government to reduce the blended rate down to 10 per cent from the proposed 13 per cent. Instead, there is a new credit for northern resident of up to $200 per family. The HST for gasoline alone will increase costs by over $800 per year” Gaudet said.
Equalization Climbs to $972 million
This is an increase of $625 million from 2009-10 and provide further evidence of a need to reduce the program.
Gaudet concluded, “this budget offers a do-nothing approach to financial security for which Ontarians will have to pay a large price for years to come.”
Poker Range Calculator
The Poker Hand Range Calculator calculates Texas Hold'em hand ranges from percentage values and vice-versa. All this online and free. Setup a poker range by selecting the hands in the poker hand calculator and share the link which is automatically generated for you.
Questions? Refer to our Poker Hand Calculator FAQ page.
Poker Hand Range Calculator
Warning! The Poker Hand Range Calculator requires JavaScript to be enabled in your browser.
Please enable JavaScript.
Hand grid AA AKs AQs AJs ATs A9s A8s A7s A6s A5s A4s A3s A2s AKo KK KQs KJs KTs K9s K8s K7s K6s K5s K4s K3s K2s AQo KQo QQ QJs QTs Q9s Q8s Q7s Q6s Q5s Q4s Q3s Q2s AJo KJo QJo JJ JTs J9s J8s J7s J6s J5s J4s J3s J2s ATo KTo QTo JTo TT T9s T8s T7s T6s T5s T4s T3s T2s A9o K9o Q9o J9o T9o 99 98s 97s 96s 95s 94s 93s 92s A8o K8o Q8o J8o T8o 98o 88 87s 86s 85s 84s 83s 82s A7o K7o Q7o J7o T7o 97o 87o 77 76s 75s 74s 73s 72s A6o K6o Q6o J6o T6o 96o 86o 76o 66 65s 64s 63s 62s A5o K5o Q5o J5o T5o 95o 85o 75o 65o 55 54s 53s 52s A4o K4o Q4o J4o T4o 94o 84o 74o 64o 54o 44 43s 42s A3o K3o Q3o J3o T3o 93o 83o 73o 63o 53o 43o 33 32s A2o K2o Q2o J2o T2o 92o 82o 72o 62o 52o 42o 32o 22 Link to the grid Calculate range Range: 0 to % 0% 100% Options - Number of opponents Calculate range for 1 2 3 opponent(s) Hands selected
Poker Hand Calculator For Poker Ranges
To fully utilize the poker hand calculator, follow the steps below:
'Z Nation' review: Dumb, gory show adds nothing to zombie formula
Harold Perrineau leads a band of humans struggling to survive in a world full of zombies in the first episode of "Z Nation," a new series produced for the SyFy Channel by the Asylum, the studio behind "Sharknado." less Harold Perrineau leads a band of humans struggling to survive in a world full of zombies in the first episode of "Z Nation," a new series produced for the SyFy Channel by the Asylum, the studio behind ... more Photo: Oliver Irwin, SyFy Photo: Oliver Irwin, SyFy Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close 'Z Nation' review: Dumb, gory show adds nothing to zombie formula 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Z Nation: Drama series. 10 p.m. Friday on SyFy Channel.
The question to ask about the SyFy Channel's new series "Z Nation" isn't whether it's human or zombie, but rather, why does SyFy Channel waste so much time and money making junk like this?
Created by Karl Schaefer, and produced by the "Sharknado" folks at the Asylum, the 13-episode "Z Nation" premieres Friday.
The premise is as stale as rotting flesh: In a post-zombie-war world, humans try to survive. Mark Harmond (Harold Perrineau, "Lost") and their second in command, Charles Garnett (Tom Everett Scott, "Southland") are trying to get a group of human survivors to California. Their mission is to transport the only known survivor of a zombie attack to a lab where a vaccine could be developed from their antibodies to immunize humans against being turned into flesh-eating zombies.
The humans are being guided away from potential zombie attacks by Citizen Z (DJ Qualls, "Legit"), a computer hacker.
The only thing the show has going for it, if you're into this sort of thing, is excessive gore. But the thing about any level of gore in film and TV is that it reaches the excessive level very quickly. That means you have to have something else in your product to hold viewer attention, and "Z Nation" doesn't.
It quickly settles into a pattern of predictability. Anytime you see a zombie who appears to be dead, expect it to pop back to half-life and take a chunk out of the nearest available human. Because Asylum is behind it, I suppose you'd expect some over-the-top humor, but there isn't a lot of it. And what feeble titters are attempted just seem entirely out of place.
The wanderers find an adorable abandoned baby and decide to take it with them to California. Of course, the baby turns into a zombified Chucky Jr., and Perrineau's character tries to lure them out of hiding by saying, "Here, baby, baby baby. Come to papa."
Yes, that would be called a spoiler if there were anything of even minimal quality here to spoil.
Even for SyFy, this is Grade Z television.
Canada Soccer has hired a new director of development in the hopes of kick-starting a men's program that has failed to compete at the highest level for the past 30 years.
The hiring of former Canadian international player Jason de Vos as director of development, however, means fans of Canada's men's soccer team must practice patience before dreaming of competing at the World Cup once again.
"What we've done really well in this country is almost perfected the delivery of recreational soccer," de Vos said.
"What we haven't been able to do is take that participation base and get the best players to come through that system and work with them at the right stages of development so they can go on and fulfil their potential."
The Canadian men fell short during their most recent bid to qualify for the 2018 World Cup in Russia, being eliminated in the fourth of five qualifying rounds.
In that round, Canada lost three of its final four games, and head coach Benito Floro was turfed after the exit.
Not a 'quick fix'
In their new role, de Vos says developing the game for boys taking their first steps on a soccer pitch is their goal. However, they stressed the need for time to run its course before results begin to show.
"I know this isn't a quick fix. We have to start at the bottom of the pyramid, which is the grassroots game," they say.
"Start with those kids and give them a decade to get through a proper player development system with good coaches and good environments. If we can do that, we'll start producing more players ... we'll get more success at the international level."
Former Ipswich Town defender Jason de Vos has joined Canada Soccer as director of development. ((Gary Prior/Getty Images) ))
Patience is a tough ask for Canadian soccer fans who have been denied a chance to cheer on their national men's team during a World Cup for the past three decades. The lack of concrete commitments or any indication of immediate changes will come as a disappointment to some soccer fans.
Issues with youth development is a problem Mark Rogers sees on a daily basis. The former Canadian international soccer player (and former teammate of de Vos) is now the technical director for the South Delta United Youth Soccer Club.
"What's happening at the grassroots level of our game without top-down leadership is [causing] miscommunication when teaching these kids," they said. "The grassroots of the game is really crucial and we're not getting it right."
Rogers says he's hopeful things will begin to improve under de Vos's leadership, but says, as of right now, young players are being forced to handle more than they're able to.
"It's almost akin to bringing in a second grader and saying 'Listen, this is calculus kid, I want you to understand it and either pass or fail.' Of course most second graders aren't equipped or smart enough to grasp calculus, and fail."
Retaining players
Grooming top-level talent is only one part of Canada's road to soccer success.
Even if the quality of Canadian talent improves in the coming years, the association will need to find ways to prevent the most talented men from opting to play under another nation's flag.
Canada Soccer head Victor Montagliani says it's difficult to compare the men's lack of results with the success of the women's national team. (Darryl Dyck/The Canadian Press)
Calgary-born Owen Hargreaves chose to represent England on the international level, while Canadian goalkeeper Asmir Begovic elected to play for Bosnia, the country of their birth — despite a stint representing the Canadian youth team.
Scarborough, Ontario's Jonathan De Guzmán was a highly touted prospect who opted to represent the Netherlands after gaining citizenship in Holland in 2008.
All three players have represented their respective national teams in World Cup play.
Canadian women leading the way
While Canadian soccer fans may be quick to look at countries like Germany and Spain to see what success looks like, they need only to view our women's national team in order see it first hand.
Christine Sinclair and company have been extremely successful on the world's stage, most recently returning from the Rio Olympics as back-to-back bronze medallists.
Victor Montagliani, Soccer Canada president and recently elected vice-president of FIFA, says it's difficult to compare the men's lack of results with the success of the women's national team.
"It's a different game, with all due respect. We have our girls playing in a professional [league] but it's just different dynamics," they told CBC.
"It's not apples to apples. I'm not saying one is more than the other, but you have to take your hat off to our girls."
The TSA now want to tell you about the loaded .38 caliber...
You'll get harassed for daring to have long frizzy hair or scribe your fourth amendment rights on your chest. But pack a loaded gun on your next flight out and the TSA might just bungle that shit up and let you board fully armed. Now who's a jack ass…? what's up with that?
Let's read the following TSA directive out aloud together and see how it goes down:
Lorie Dankers, a spokesperson for the TSA, said that while the agency screens carry-on luggage for firearms, it is not the TSA's responsibility to screen checked baggage for guns. The agency only screens checked baggage for explosives, they said.
I bet that didn't go down too well, but that's just a hunch.
So here's the low down:
latimes: Airport security officials at Los Angeles International Airport failed to detect a loaded handgun that was contained in a traveler's checked bag Sunday, according to several law enforcement sources.
An airport ramp crew discovered the loaded .38-caliber handgun Sunday after it tumbled from an unzipped compartment in a duffel bag they were loading onto Alaska Airlines Flight 563, according to the sources. The aircraft was leaving the terminal at LAX at 8:15 a.m. Sunday, bound for Portland, Ore.
Discovered only after it accidentally fell out of an unzipped compartment in a duffel bag? Is that another way of saying nothing would have shown in the first place had the duffel bag been properly sealed? Not a rattle, not a slither, not an ‘oh shit- I had no idea that loaded gun was in my bag!' surprise exclamation? And what if by chance the passenger packing the gun had bad intentions? Although it's true passengers don't have access to bags that sit in cargo, what if at the last minute the passenger was able to persuade someone at the gates that they needed to take out some much needed ‘documents' out of a bag that had already been checked through?
Upon finding the gun, the passenger (who for now remains unnamed) was taken down to the LAPD where they were interviewed and released without further incident and allowed to board a later flight. The gun on the other hand didn't make it out on a later flight.
So if the TSA can make you throw away hair gel, half consumed bottles of water and make you walk around in your tippie toes half naked why can't they go the extra mile (since they're already going out to bat on your dime) and run a metal detector over passenger's bags? Even a random metal detector?
Maybe the way the TSA conducts its affairs ought to be re-evaluated, but maybe that's just me getting a little touchy and nervous. What do you think?
TSA forces 95 year old cancer patient to take off them diaper.
Protester who had fourth amendment written on their chest is set to challenge the TSA in court. Defining liberty in a post terrorist world.
6 year old girl is given full TSA pat down then a drug test.
The Delicious drama of the Transportation Securities Administration (TSA) has finally arrived onto your knickers.
They came in their smart little cars—a Cooper, a Fiat, a rented Zip Car or whatever was en vogue. They brought their shelter dogs, not unlike the pooches back home that used to dart over the avenues and into alleys in search of scraps from last night's garbage. Some came with tricked-out strollers stuffed with their latest bundle of joy and navigated their way into the new Bohemian-style coffee shop down the way for double-shot lattes, skinny cappuccinos, and spicy ginger Chai teas.
An abandoned warehouse now houses million-dollar lofts, another was bulldozed to make way for a soaring skyscraper with still more luxury apartments no bigger than a suburban garage. There is a boutique a few doors down, lined with fineries and smell-goods, and a grocery delivery service for those who don't have time to make it over to Whole Foods or Trader Joe's for a bundle of kale.
This is urban progress, they say, a failing ghetto revived. Until last month, I'd only read about this Brooklyn—not the one I encountered nearly 20 years ago, but one deemed “post racial” by its young, hip, and largely “liberal” settlers. Most of the black and brown faces have gone, priced out of the rental market. For others, after the mortgage crisis fueled by predatory lending, their pockets were too thin to afford even a meager living in the place they once called home for generations. But the truth is, this could be almost any big city in America: Chicago, Atlanta, San Francisco, or D.C.
Neighborhood gentrification has been widely studied and written about. Stories of people of color disproportionately losing their homes in the housing bust, then being thrust away from once affordable rents and meaningful employment, are not uncommon. Some, including my newfound hairdresser, have begun to call it the “Christopher Columbus Effect.” However, gentrification does not begin and end with the question of housing, transportation, or jobs.
Lost in the conversation is It's yet to be measured impact on the dinner table.
Working poor families—black, white, and especially those with Southern roots—once counted on low-cost foodstuffs that had been a part of their cultural traditions for centuries. In recent years, however, fueled by a wave of dietary trends, some believe something called “food gentrification” has begun to drive up the cost of those whole and natural foods. Price is a function of demand and the demand for things once dismissed as “poor man food”—like beans, peanut butter, brown rice, sweet potatoes, and assorted greens—is clearly on the rise.
Collard greens were suddenly the “new kale,” according to a Whole Foods marketing ploy last year. Sweet potatoes, once an economical source of rich nutrients, have made their way into cupcakes, pancakes, and even quesadillas. A bevy of food bloggers has “discovered” sweet potato pie. Legendary songstress Patti LaBelle even started selling them by the truckload in Wal-Mart Stores. Aided by a viral video produced by James Wright, a pie pandemonium soon broke out. My late grandmother Alice, who baked them for decades (and would be rightly suspicious of a pumpkin chai latte), would be amused that the simple recipe has been “mainstreamed.”
With Thanksgiving around the corner, the season of gentrified recipes (not to mention bad renditions of macaroni and cheese) is upon us. Pies and coffee are one thing, but not even the pigs are safe.
My Uncle Ross, rest their merry soul, loved every part of the hog—“from the rootie to the tootie,” he'd say. We grew up in East St. Louis, Illinois, a few blocks from the National Stockyards, which had been operating since 1873. Before the shipping routes changed and white flight stripped its economy bare, our town had been known as the “hog capitol of the world.”
Back then, typical Robinson Family meals included: grilled snoot, pickled feet, slow-cooked ribs, roasted butt, smoked hog maws, and boiled pig ear sandwiches. For me, there is still nothing better than crisp, fried tripe laden with onions, pickles, mustard, and hot sauce between two pieces of white bread.
Hovering over a grill converted from an oil drum one Fourth of July, my uncle once explained that our traditions had been formed in slave-era America. Our people took the cheap scraps that “rich folk” wouldn't eat, they told a cousin (who is white) and me as they turned the pig noses over the open flame, and found ways to season and make them into full meals. My older cousin by marriage hesitantly took a bite of “snoot” and raised a delightfully curious brow.
“Welcome to the family!” my uncle said, laughing.
We'd migrated north around 1932, like so many other black families fleeing the Jim Crow South, from Sugar Ditch, Mississippi, near Tunica—land that now holds a string of casinos—and brought our food (and faith) with us on the train-hop to St. Louis. Not only have middle-class Americans “discovered” a “new” way of eating, our once-affordable ingredients have landed in the pots of world-class chefs and onto the tables of high-end, limited-seat restaurants.
I imagine that my uncle is snickering in their grave now that stewed chitlins (chitterlings) have found their way onto Food Network. I once joked that if we told white folks that there was a life-extending enzyme in pig guts, they'd figure out how to make and sell a chitlin smoothie. Until then, you can find braised pork belly in fine restaurants or cop a pork belly taco from a food truck.
Make no mistake, I do love a short-stack of sweet potato pancakes laced in candied pecans, and pot roast street tacos with Sriracha sauce hold a special place in my heart. (Hell, I didn't even know the glories of Vietnamese chili sauce until a few years ago.) However, I have begun to worry about the potential impact on the price of those suddenly trendy ingredients.
Last year, feminist blogger Mikki Kendall began tweeting about the topic under the hashtag #foodgentrication. I was immediately curious and asked them to write a guest post on #BreakingBlack—a blog I hosted for NBC News at the time. Like me, they were concerned about “the perils of elevating foods away from their source cultures.”
“My grandmother was a master of turning offal into delicious,” they wrote for theGrio.com, “and I still use many of their recipes to this day.”
But for working poor people, many of whom live on SNAP in “food deserts,” “elevating” those healthy ingredients may place them out of reach. Over time, if prices are impacted as some suggest, reliance on hyper-processed, sugar-laden, genetically modified food will continue to rise. One in five American children is food “unstable.”
Does this mean we should “segregate” our foods and run all the “settlers” out of the “hood”? Of course, not. On any given Sunday, my Uncle Ross would be the first invite them over for a Holy Trinity—macaroni and cheese, collard greens, and candied yams.
Our nation's food policy—with its incentivized preference for cheap filler grains and marketing-infused labeling—is the chief culprit. While I do not subscribe to direct price fixing, we should refine our farm subsidy policies in a way that drives the consumption of whole and healthy eating.
And while we're at it, wouldn't it be nice if we could bring real estate developers to the table to make sure new housing starts and major renovations work to maintain a neighborhood's economic balance? I'll even bring the sweet potato pie.
Welcome back to the Digital Dojo. This month we focus on the full-motion action video game Supreme Warrior. Released in 1994 on multiple platforms (Sega CD, Sega CD 32X, 3DO, Windows, Macintosh) by developer/publisher, Digital Pictures, Supreme Warrior was a fighting game played from the first person point of view. You play as a warrior in China hundreds of years ago who must protect part of a magical mask from the evil Fang Tu, who has the other half of the mask. If you fail at your task, Fang Tu will unite the pieces of the mask and be granted untold power. To succeed, you battle through minions to get to Fang Tu in an interactive full-motion video adventure.
Supreme Warrior is pretty straight forward, and since it is done in live action there is not a whole lot to talk about in terms of proper martial arts, at least when you're looking at the enemies. It is obvious when playing the game the actors playing opposing forces have had training. Even though your hands block much of the screen when playing the game, enemy motion clearly points to some type of Kung-Fu or Wu-Shu with all of their circular movements and more stylized fighting stances.
The point of interest for our lesson is what style, if any, is used by the fighter we have taken control of. Since the game takes place in China you would think we too would be using one of the above mentioned styles since that is where they are most prevalent. However, this does not appear to be the case. From the player point of view, we can see the guard stance is much different from that of our attackers. Our hands remain out in front of us, in what some more modern styles would call a red alert stance. Think of this as a guard stance with open hands. It is supposed to look non-threatening and show a visual boundary to attackers, yet still give you a position to defend yourself from. As far as I know, this stance is not in variations of Kung-Fu or Wu-Shu.
As for our striking ability, we seem to only use a few things; palm strikes, looping punches, front kicks, and round kicks. So, our fighter is either using a seriously watered down version of an Eastern art, or perhaps starting their own. While this most certainly wasn't the idea the game would have had in mind, I find it interesting our striking arsenal resembles a possible early form of Kenpo. Again, this would be a very watered down version of the style, but who knows, maybe we are really playing as an early ancestor of Ed Parker (Kenpo founder).
The last thing to look at for this game is the way in which our fighter throws their techniques. This is certainly the worst part of the game. While we move around when we get hit, the screen almost stays still any time we throw a punch or kick. The point of view should move around more than it does, as your body weight and position always shift when striking. The static point of view makes it look as though we have taken control of the Zohan. Every time my foot comes flying out of nowhere to hit an enemy I keep waiting for them to ask, “was that your foot?”.
Here ends the lesson.
Receiver handcuffs: No. 3 or deeper WRs worth stashing in fantasy
By George Kritikos • Aug 29, 2017
Running back has traditionally been the position where handcuffing a starter has been a popular strategy. However, with the expansion of overall passing volume, there has been a subsequent rise in wide receiver value. So perhaps there should be more of an emphasis on wide receivers who would assume a much larger role if an injury to a top option occurs. Below, we will highlight some of those players, many of whom are being drafted late and a few have some value even if the status quo remains.
With the offseason trade of Brandin Cooks, 2016's No. 10 WR in PPR, the assumption is that Willie Snead assumes much of that production. However, Snead had 895 yards and 4 touchdowns themselves as the No. 3 in 2016, meaning that the third receiver in this offense is a borderline startable asset.
In Ginn, the Saints acquired a former 1,000-yard receiver who is a similar deep threat to the big departing name. Cooks was 18th in the league with 24 deep targets last year (second in deep yards with 544 yards) while Ginn was 29th with 18 targets (16th in yards). If either Snead or Michael Thomas is injured, Ginn could do more than just assume the role of Drew Brees' deep threat.
This time last year, Cobb would not have made this list, as they occupied the second wide receiver role. All it took was Davante Adams finishing as the PPR No. 9 WR with 75 receptions and 12 touchdown receptions, the latter tied for second in the NFL. Add in the fact that Jordy Nelson finished first with 14 touchdowns, fifth with 97 receptions, and sixth with 1,257 receiving yards, and suddenly Cobb became the third wheel in Green Bay.
Cobb though, did not have a bad season when digging deeper. They finished 20th in WR rating (passer rating when targeted), just two spots below Adams, but an improvement from their 2015 placement of 29th. In the slot, Cobb finished 14th in receptions, good but a far cry from their fourth-place finish in 2015. Really, for Cobb, it comes down to opportunity. If Adams stumbles or Nelson their age, Cobb could quickly become fantasy relevant once again.
As a rookie, Shepard finished as a top-36 fantasy wide receiver in PPR leagues. That was fueled by running the eighth-most total routes including the most at the slot receiver position with 525. In that slot role, Shepard scored all eight of their touchdowns and had over 90 percent of their total targets.
While that sounds great for 2017, the opportunity numbers will decrease with the additions of Brandon Marshall and to a lesser extent, Evan Engram. A scary looking preseason injury to Odell Beckham Jr. almost thrust Shepard back into a prominent role once again, but it looks like Beckham could make it back for the season. If the injury persists, or Marshall suddenly acts their NFL age, Shepard could be a startable option in their sophomore season.
Doctson has barely played a snap, is injured once again this preseason, and is buried behind several talented options. It's easy to forget that Doctson was a first-round pick last year and was one of the best athletes at the position. Washington clearly had a vision when drafting Doctson of putting them in a prominent, even if injuries have delayed it.
The signing of Terrelle Pryor clearly set Doctson back, delaying their rise at least another season. Pryor tied for third with 32 deep targets, giving Cousins a DeSean Jackson replacement. Meanwhile, Jamison Crowder was 10th in WR rating and among the most productive slot receivers, finishing 31st in PPR among wide receivers. Don't forget about Jordan Reed either. If anyone gets injured (looking at you, Reed), Kirk Cousins is capable of making three options relevant, with Doctson being one of them.
Call them Kenny G or Babytron or the more simple KG, but Golladay is perhaps the most highlighted sleeper name in fantasy draft guides. The rookie intrigued some with their size (6-foot-4, 218 pounds), but really opened eyes when the team started giving them first-team reps, especially as an outside receiver. Add in two touchdown receptions in the preseason opener and the hype train got rolling.
All that said, they are likely a secondary option. Golden Tate finished ninth among all NFL wide receivers in routes run in 2016, and Marvin Jones wasn't far behind (16th). If either goes down with injury, there is a clear path to volume for Golladay, which would be great considering Matt Stafford has six straight 4,000 yard seasons. With Eric Ebron and Theo Riddick also around, targets are tight with the team as-is, making Golladay a deep stash or waiver watch with immense upside.
Another rookie, Henderson was a favorite of some dynasty analysts going into draft season, including this one. It's easy to see why; they led all college receivers with 48 broken tackles on receptions, no other player had more than 26. Henderson also caught 11 of 19 red-zone receptions, nine for touchdowns, and had nearly one-third of their receptions go for 20-plus yards. In short, Henderson has a lot of tools to work with.
Unfortunately, they are dealing with recovery from thumb ligament surgery and has missed practice for most of August. With Emmanuel Sanders and Demaryius Thomas firmly in place, this offense is not short on strong receiving options. That said, Cody Latimer has had enough chances to emerge and it hasn't happened. Henderson has the talent and only needs an opportunity to replace one of the starters for a chance to succeed.
This is a long shot, but Aiken could have value. Just two years ago, they managed 75 receptions and 975 yards after Steve Smith struggled to stay healthy. Going to the Colts, Aiken has an uphill climb to meaningful snaps but has factors working in their favor. The past success helps, especially considering the competition is disappointing Phillip Dorsett and injured Chester Rogers. Add in their size (6-foot-2, 215 pounds) and their ability to play outside (80 percent of routes in 2015) and Aiken looks more like a direct replacement if either T.Y. Hilton or Donte Moncrief goes down.
Another guy who went from 2015 highs to 2016 lows, Hurns struggled last year with injuries and their production struggled across the board as a result. The emergence of Marqise Lee also pushed Hurns to the slot, bumping their slot route percentage up from 37 percent to 70 percent in one season.
Right now, Lee is nursing an injury (again) to their right leg, putting the beginning of the season in doubt. Allen Robinson is locked in as a starter, but a Hurns early-season run could put them back into the second receiver spot in the pecking order. It's never a bad thing to bet on a former 1,000 yard receivers, even if their quarterback is Blake Bortles.
Even as a third receiver last year, Stills was productive, finishing inside the top 50 receivers ahead of teammate DeVante Parker. That was largely on the heels of their nine touchdowns. Stills scored eight of those nine on 20-plus-yard receptions, keeping in line with their ability to break big plays.
This offseason has brought changes. Ryan Tannehill is out due to injury and in comes the carefree Jay Cutler. This isn't a bad thing, as Cutler finished sixth in 2015 in deep target percentage (and second in 2016, if they had enough attempts to qualify). Rumors of Jarvis Landry being traded are likely just that, but it doesn't mean they couldn't get pushed aside in favor of the vertical game. It's either that or another injury to Parker, another real possibility, which could bump Stills' target number of 75 and put them squarely in line to be a fantasy starter more consistently.
Photo
FRANKFURT — The bulk of Europe's biggest banks would be able to survive a financial crisis or severe economic downturn, the European Central Bank said on Sunday, concluding a yearlong audit of eurozone lenders that is potentially a turning point for the region's battered economy.
The highly anticipated assessment of European banks was intended to remove a cloud of mistrust that has impeded lending in countries like Italy and Greece and has left the eurozone struggling to avoid lapsing back into recession for the third time since the global financial crisis began six years ago.
By exposing a relatively small number of sick banks — only 13 of the 130 big eurozone banks under review — the central bank could make it easier for healthier ones to raise money that they can lend to customers.
Analysts predicted that financial markets would react with relief on Monday to the news that there were no unpleasant revelations about Europe's biggest banks. But some wondered whether the relatively sanguine results meant that the health exam was not tough enough, despite the central bank's promises that the assessments would be rigorous.
The European Central Bank said that 13 banks in the eurozone — including four in Italy and two in Greece — showed shortfalls in their own money, or capital, after a review devised to uncover hidden problems and test their ability to withstand a sharp recession or other crisis. But no major European banks failed the central bank's test.
Contrary to some forecasts, the stress-test results were not likely to force any banks to close. Those deemed having too little capital to protect against risk have two weeks to file plans for raising more, and will then have up to an additional nine months to meet the minimum threshold.
“The massive nature of the exercise deserves to be acknowledged,” Vítor Constâncio, the vice president of the E.C.B., said at a news conference Sunday. “The results are credible.”
The 13 banks that failed the stress test were among 25 that the central bank found had capital shortfalls through the end of 2013, which was the period under review. The total shortfall for those 25 banks was 25 billion euros, or about $31 billion. But a dozen of those banks have since then already raised capital or made other moves to bolster themselves.
“Generally speaking, the absolute number that needs to be raised is not large,” said Neil Williamson, co-head of credit research at Aberdeen Asset Management. “There are still plenty of question marks about some banks.”
The €25 billion capital shortfall was on the lower end of analysts' estimates. However, the review also uncovered €136 billion in troubled loans that banks had not previously reported. Partly as a result, banks had overvalued their other holdings by €48 billion, the central bank said.
The review was intended to take the same sort of cold-eyed scrutiny to European banks that regulators in the United States gave to the books of American lenders several years ago in the wake of the financial crisis. Experts say that the American regulators, by forcing deficient banks to raise more money to buffer themselves against risk, helped the United States financial system and economy bounce back much faster than Europe's has been able to do.
The assessment also comes as the European Central Bank is about to assume much greater powers for overseeing the biggest banks in the eurozone – more similar to the authority the Federal Reserve wields in the United States. Before taking on that oversight, the European Central Bank was intent on knowing the health of the banks it will regulate.
The biggest effects of the review may be felt in week and months to come, as investors, customers and potential business partners pore over the enormous amount of data that the E.C.B. made available about individual banks. Weaker lenders are likely to face pressure to improve their performance or seek merger partners.
There was immediate speculation that the bank with the largest capital deficit, Monte dei Paschi di Siena of Italy – the world's oldest bank – would seek a buyer. The troubled bank, which has already received a government bailout and tapped investors several times for additional funds, was €2.1 billion short of the money it would need to survive a crisis, the E.C.B. said.
On Sunday, Monte dei Paschi di Siena said that its board of directors had hired UBS and Citigroup as financial advisers to help it define and implement a plan to raise capital and evaluate “all strategic alternatives.”
Greece's banking system was also hit hard, with three banks found short of capital at the end of 2013. One, Piraeus Bank, has since raised enough capital to satisfy regulators. The other two are Eurobank, which must raise €1.76 billion, and National Bank of Greece, which must raise €930 million.
But the Greek central bank said on Sunday that because the European Central Bank review did not take into account various restructuring plans the banks have made since the end of 2013, Eurobank and National Bank of Greece were in better shape than those numbers would indicate.
Estimates of what the overall capital shortfall would be had varied widely, from tens of billions of euros to hundreds of billions. Many banks had already begun protectively shoring up their capital. Banks in the eurozone had increased their capital by about €200 billion since the summer of 2013, according to E.C.B. estimates.
Even banks that will not be required by the E.C.B. to raise capital may find themselves under market pressure to do so, especially those that the central bank found had been overly optimistic about the values of their holdings.
The fact that 25 banks had failed the initial test through the end of 2013 had been known since Friday, after a draft of the central bank's report began circulating. But the size of the shortfall and the scope of overvalued assets were not disclosed until Sunday. Nor was it known how many banks would still be considered deficient; Sunday's figure of 13 was higher than the 10 rumored last week.
Results of a parallel review by a second regulator, the European Banking Authority, which included 20 banks in Britain, Sweden and other European Union countries outside the 18-member euro currency bloc, were also announced on Sunday.
The findings were largely in line with the European Central Bank's review. None of the banks that the authority's stress tests found at risk were outside the eurozone. In Britain, the major banks all passed the stress test comfortably.
For the most part, Germany's banks fared well in both reviews, which is crucial because of the outsize role the German economy plays in the eurozone. Deutsche Bank, the country's largest lender, did not have any significant revaluation of its holdings.
Photo
HSH Nordbank, a lender in Hamburg, Germany, that many analysts had expected to fail because of its exposure to the depressed shipping industry, passed the stress tests. But the results appeared unlikely to put to rest doubts about the bank's ability to survive in the longer term.
“The situation we have of banks without sustainable long-term business models still exists,” said Martin Hellmich, a professor at the Frankfurt School of Finance and Management. “There are still serious problems in the banking sector.”
French lenders, whose balance sheets account for about 30 percent of eurozone banking assets — second only to Germany's — had an “excellent” showing, Christian Noyer, the governor of France's central bank, said at a news conference Sunday in Paris.
The European Central Bank audit, conducted by 6,000 civil servants and outside consultants, was also a test for the central bank and its ability to handle its new function as supreme bank supervisor for the eurozone.
Previous stress tests by different regulators, which examined fewer banks and relied heavily on information from the banks' national supervisors, were unconvincing because banks that had passed later ran into serious problems.
The audit was a prelude to the creation of a banking union overseen by the European Central Bank, a move that supersedes the Balkanized financial system that has prevailed since the euro currency went into use in 1999.
The central bank will formally become the eurozone's so-called single supervisor on Nov. 4.
Danièle Nouy, who will head the central bank's new regulatory arm, said in a statement that the findings of the review would “enable us to draw insights and conclusions for supervision going forward.”
Some pickup in bank lending after the tests is almost inevitable. Bank executives complained that the burden of complying with European Central Bank demands during the review had drained resources and impeded their ability to make loans. Now that the exam is over, they should be able to get back to business.
But if investors and analysts decide that this new test was still too easy for banks to pass, it would be a setback for both the European Central Bank and the eurozone economy.
“On the whole it seems to me that the E.C.B. has passed its own stress test today, “ Nicolas Véron, a senior fellow at Bruegel, a research organization in Brussels, said by email. “This exercise appears credible as of now.”
“Of course, if new information emerges in the next few weeks that is inconsistent with today's disclosures,” they added, “then the E.C.B. will have egg on its face.”
Chad Bray contributed reporting from London, David Jolly from Paris and Niki Kitsantonis from Athens.
John Hagerty, founder of advertising giant BBH, is not a man who minces their words. And they surely riled up a lot of people last March when they expressed their disdain for big data in marketing. They explained, “It's because I've spent my life dealing with people who've got all the data in the world and yet they can't invent anything.” This is something that should be heeded by those involved in b2b lead generation. While they may claim that big data, precision marketing, and targeted audiences can bring in the much-desired sales leads, actual experience shows just how messed up the results can be.
It seems like big data is no use at all.
The poster child for this would be Facebook, the juggernaut of big data marketing. No matter how much data they used to precisely target their audience, Facebook ads are really performing badly. Come to think of it, how many mainstream companies have advertised in this social media site and earned big-time sales or B2B leads? Not that many. One might as well go back to telemarketing, since it seems to get much better results.
Problem here is pretty much the use of big data. In the marketing world's attempt to be more measurable, more precise, more numbers-based, and more elaborate, in their appointment setting efforts, they lose the most basic element in getting their message across the audience – the human factor.
Ignoring the power of genuine human connection and concentrating more on numbers is the one most damaging effect to your lead generation efforts.
Now for some startling opinions about race relations and the current leader of the Republican Party, Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE.
In the opinion of 50 percent of all Americans, the word 'racist' fits Trump either "very well" or "somewhat well," according to a July poll from the Associated Press and GfK. Most of those people — 35 percent of the overall population — said the term fits the GOP nominee "very well."
Here's another eye-opening opinion: Most Americans, 56 percent, “believe that Trump is biased against women and minorities,” according to an August Washington Post poll.
ADVERTISEMENT
Last week, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE said Trump is “taking hate groups mainstream,” and “helping a radical fringe take over one of America's two major political parties.” Trump tried to reduce the accusations to a game of tit-for-tat by calling them a "bigot.”
But Clinton's words simply amplified what Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) said months ago, after Trump attacked an Indiana-born judge as being incapable of fairness because of their Mexican heritage. Ryan said Trump's remarks amounted to a “textbook definition of a racist comment.”
The damage Trump is doing to the GOP is evident in polls showing more than 12 percent of registered Republicans intend to vote for Clinton. GOP-leaning independent voters are staying away from Trump, too. The latest Quinnipiac poll had Clinton with 51 percent support and the Republican nominee fading.
As a result, the GOP is now likely to lose control of the Senate and lose seats in the House in the fall election.
And yet Speaker Ryan, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) and Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus have decided they have to stand with Trump — even as they destroy their party.
Much of the damage is directly tied to Trump's racial politics.
Long before Trump, the GOP already had few black and Latino elected officials. The party is in desperate need of more women as well as racial and ethnic diversity to keep up with the reality of the nation's changing demographics.
A wider range of people backing conservative principles — from small government and low taxes, to free trade and policies supporting strong families — is not tokenism. It is a necessity if the party is to remain relevant to policy debates and have any chance of winning in the future.
And there are churchgoing, family loving black people, Latinos and immigrants who share those values but see the GOP as an exclusively white party.
The potential power of a racially diverse GOP was on display this year in the ongoing controversy over police use of excessive force against blacks. The debate was an exercise in polarization between Republican law-and-order voices backing the police and Democrats backing the controversial Black Lives Matter group when Sen. Tim Scott Timothy (Tim) Eugene ScottSenate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Senate approves border bill that prevents shutdown Senate passes bill to make lynching a federal crime MORE (R-S.C.) stood up.
Even in a business suit and wearing a lapel pin signifying that they are a member of the Senate, Scott recalled being treated like a criminal suspect by Capitol Police: “The officer looked at me, full of attitude… I was thinking to myself, either they think I'm committing a crime — impersonating a member of Congress — or what?”
As a black man, a conservative and a Republican senator, Scott said they have “felt the anger…that comes with feeling like you are being targeted for nothing more than being just yourself.”
And when the Ku Klux Klan's former Grand Wizard endorsed Trump by saying it is “treason” against white heritage to fail to vote for Trump, Scott again spoke up:
“Any candidate who cannot immediately condemn a hate group like the KKK does not represent the Republican Party,” they said. “If Donald Trump can't take a stand against the KKK, we cannot trust them to stand up for America against Putin, Iran or ISIS.”
Scott's stand against Trump now can be seen as an early storm warning. As Labor Day approaches, the awful reality of what Trump has done to the GOP goes beyond polls showing Trump is on track to lose more than 90 percent of the black vote and around 80 percent of the Latino vote.
The real issue for the GOP is that the latest polls have them losing white women with college degrees. That is devastating to the Republican brand.
Trump's recent speeches about black America to overwhelmingly white audiences — asking black people “what the hell do you have to lose?” by voting for them — is an effort to regain the support of white Republicans who do not want to vote for someone viewed as a bigot.
Trump established themselves in national Republican politics five years ago by pushing the racist conspiracy theory that President Obama was not an American citizen. Trump's shameful stoking of this effort to undermine the credibility of the first black president remains an issue.
A disturbing poll from NBC News/Survey Monkey taken earlier this month found that a shockingly low 25 percent of Republicans agreed with the statement “Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE was born in the U.S.”
The GOP's problem with black voters didn't begin when Barack Obama became president and it won't end when they leaf the White House.
Even as they swept 49 states in their 1984 reelection, Ronald Reagan only won 9 percent of the black vote. George W. Bush fared only slightly better in their 2004 re-election, netting 11 percent of the black vote but put blacks in their cabinet, notably Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice.
Ryan, to their credit, has tried to follow in the footsteps of their mentor, former Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp, who famously toured black communities promoting economic growth with “empowerment zones.”
Trump is squandering those decades of efforts on race by Republicans.
Ryan, McConnell and Priebus need to dump Trump and save their party.
Juan Williams is an author and political analyst for Fox News Channel. Their latest book, "We The People: The Modern-Day Figures Who Have Reshaped and Affirmed the Founding Fathers' Vision of America" published by Crown, is out now.
CLOSE A Colorado mother who was stabbed and had their unborn baby girl taken out of their womb by another woman is recovering in the hospital, according to police. VPC
Dynel Catrese Lane, 34, is accused of stabbing an expectant mother and cutting their unborn baby from their womb March 18, 2015, in Longmont, Colo. (Photo: Boulder County Sheriff's Department)
LONGMONT, Colo. — A mother who was stabbed and had their unborn baby girl taken out of their womb by another woman is recovering in the hospital, according to police.
Police said the 26-year-old mother, identified by their family as Michelle Wilkins, is alert and answering officers' questions. Them baby died during the crime.
Dynel Catrece Lane, 34, who was arrested Wednesday after police say they attacked the victim who was seven months pregnant, was scheduled to appear in court Thursday.
It is unlikely that Lane, who was booked into the Boulder County Jail facing charges of attempted first-degree murder, first-degree assault and child abuse resulting in death, will face actual murder charges.
However, they could face felony charges under Colorado laws against "unlawful termination of a pregnancy."
Speaking to the Longmont Times-Call, the Boulder County District Attorney Stanley Garnett described Colorado laws involving crimes against an unborn child as "complicated."
"In most circumstances, if a child was not actually born alive, then homicide charges are not possible," Garnett told the newspaper, adding that charges would not need to be filed until next week.
It's likely the most serious charge that Lane would face may be attempted first-degree murder, a class two felony punishable by 16 to 48 years in prison.
Additional charges could be added for ending the victim's pregnancy.
Late Thursday, Wilkins' family thanked physicians and staff at Longmont United Hospital and the Longmont Public Safety Department and Boulder County Sheriff's Office for their "tireless work and efforts."
"Michelle is in critical but stable condition and resting comfortably," the statement read.
According to their Facebook page, Wilkins went to Appalachian State University in Boone, N.C., and their name is listed on university documents found by WCNC-TV in Charlotte, N.C. Records show their past addresses include locations in Boone, Raleigh and Greenville, and police said their current license plate was a North Carolina tag.
Longmont Police Cmdr. Jeff Satur said Lane later showed up at an area hospital with the deceased baby, claiming a miscarriage. Satur said Lane's husband drove them to the emergency room, thinking the child was alive. They said the husband is not considered a suspect.
The ambush happened around 2 p.m. Wednesday at Lane's home. Satur said Lane and the 26-year-old victim did not know each other before the incident. The victim was responding to a Craigslist ad for baby clothes and came alone to Lane's home.
"We've made some requests of Craigslist to try to freeze that account," Satur said. "At this point, we don't want to give away too much, because we don't want it removed."
A woman was arrested March 18, 2015, after Longmont, Colo., police say they attacked a pregnant mother and cut the victim's unborn baby from their womb. (Photo: KUSA-TV, Denver)
Police said the victim had been beaten and stabbed in the stomach before Lane allegedly removed the unborn child. When officers arrived on scene at the Green Place home, they could hear the mother calling for help from inside the house. They were taken to the hospital and underwent surgery.
Police have not determined a motive. Lane has two children of their own and it appears they might have lost a child more than a decade ago.
Lane previously worked as a certified nurse's aide for two years in Colorado. Records show Dynel Lane's two-year license with the state expired in 2012.
An obituary from Pueblo lists Dynel Cruz as the mother of a 1-year-old boy who died on July 2, 2002. In addition, court records indicate a Dynel Cruz, through marriage, changed their last name to Lane years later.
The obituary says Michael Alexander Cruz was just 19 months old when they passed away.
It's not clear if anyone other than Lane and victim were in the home at the time of the attack.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1MMLkM4
This article is over 1 year old
BBC Songs of Praise presenter who found fame as choirboy says they strongly deny any inappropriate contact
The Songs of Praise presenter Aled Jones will not appear on the BBC while the broadcaster investigates alleged inappropriate behaviour more than a decade ago.
The singer and TV host, who found fame at the age of 12 with their top five Christmas hit Walking in the Air, said they were “deeply sorry” for any upset caused but strongly denied any “inappropriate contact”.
A spokesperson for the 46-year-old said that while the matter did not relate to any broadcast work, they had voluntarily agreed not to go on the BBC while it was investigated.
In a statement, the spokesperson added: “Whilst they accept that their behaviour over a decade ago was occasionally juvenile, as was that of others, they never intended to harass or distress and they strongly deny any inappropriate contact.
“He is, however, deeply sorry for any upset caused and hopes this matter is resolved soon.”
The former choirboy received an MBE in 2013 for their services to music and broadcasting.
They became a national radio presenter after signing up with Classic FM in 2002 and went on to present a Sunday morning show for BBC Radio 2.
Jones, a father of two, was a contestant on Strictly Come Dancing in 2004 and further TV work has included Daybreak, Escape to the Country and Cash in the Attic.
The BBC has been contacted for comment.
No fireworks in Kelowna for Canada Day
Image Credit: Shutterstock
June 22, 2017 - 3:16 PM
KELOWNA - The Canada Day 150 celebrations in Kelowna will not include the traditional fireworks display.
“It was a difficult but necessary decision to make,” Renata Mills with Festival Kelowna says.
“City Park is not in great shape, the power is off, lights aren't working and the washrooms are closed. It's a very condensed space at the moment.”
Mills says the number one reason for postponing the Canada Day fireworks until Aug. 5 was safety.
“With all the flooding, there is very limited space near Kelowna's waterfront, there is no beach,” they say. “With up to 20 thousand people in City Park, we'd just rather be safe than sorry.”
To contact a reporter for this story, email Jenna Hickman or call 250-808-0143 or email the editor. You can also submit photos, videos or news tips to the newsroom and be entered to win a monthly prize draw.
We welcome your comments and opinions on our stories but play nice. We won't censor or delete comments unless they contain off-topic statements or links, unnecessary vulgarity, false facts, spam or obviously fake profiles. If you have any concerns about what you see in comments, email the editor in the link above.
STAMFORD, Conn. -- The San Jose Sharks are scheduled to appear on NBC Sports Network a total of 11 times throughout the 2015-16 season, beginning with an Opening Night doubleheader as the late matchup against the Los Angeles Kings on Oct. 7 at 7:30 p.m. PT.
The full broadcast schedule, including coverage from Comcast SportsNet California will be released at a later date.
Coming off the second-most watched Stanley Cup Final on record, and the third-most watched NHL postseason in the last 18 years, NBC Sports Group will deliver coverage of 105 NHL regular-season games during the 2015-16 season, featuring 12 games on NBC and 93 games on NBCSN. The 105 regular-season games are the most ever scheduled across NBC Sports Group heading into a season. All games will be streamed live via NBC Sports Live Extra.
Other NHL Schedule highlights include:
Opening Night doubleheaders on Oct. 7 on NBCSN, beginning with a Wednesday Night Rivalry Original Six matchup between the defending Stanley Cup Champion Chicago Blackhawks and New York Rangers at 5 p.m. PT, as the Blackhawks raise their 2015 Stanley Cup Championship banner to the United Center rafters. Opening Night coverage continues with a Wednesday Nightcap at 7:30 p.m. PT, when the Los Angeles Kings host the rival San Jose Sharks.
NBC will present the 2016 Bridgestone NHL Winter Classic between the Montreal Canadiens and Boston Bruins from Gillette Stadium, home of the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots, on Jan. 1 at 10 a.m. PT.
NBC will air exclusive coverage of the 2016 Coors Light NHL Stadium Series, featuring the Blackhawks and Minnesota Wild on Sunday, Feb. 21 from TCF Bank Stadium at the University of Minnesota, and the Detroit Red Wings and Colorado Avalanche at Coors Field, home of Major League Baseball's Colorado Rockies, on Saturday, Feb. 27 in primetime.
NBCSN will present coverage of the NHL All-Star Game from Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tenn., home of the Nashville Predators. NHL All-Star will take place Friday, Jan. 29 through Sunday, Jan. 31, and will include the NHL Fantasy Draft, NHL All-Star Skills Competition™ and the NHL All-Star Game.
NBC airs the Discover NHL Thanksgiving Showdown with a doubleheader on Black Friday, beginning at 10 a.m. PT when the Boston Bruins host the Rangers. Thanksgiving Showdown shifts to the west coast at 2 p.m. PT on NBCSN with a rematch of the Western Conference Final, as the Anaheim Ducks host the Blackhawks.
NBC and NBCSN will combine to showcase a tripleheader on Hockey Day In America on Sunday, February 21. The action starts on NBC at 9:30 a.m. PT, when the Buffalo Sabres host the Pittsburgh Penguins, followed by the NHL Stadium Series at 12:30 p.m. PT on NBC, with the Wild and Blackhawks. Hockey Day In America shifts to NBCSN with an Original Six matchup to close out the tripleheader, as the Rangers host the Detroit Red Wings.
The 2015-16 regular season on NBCSN will feature 24 Wednesday Night Rivalry telecasts, plus six Wednesday Nightcaps that will showcase Western Conference teams, including the Kings, Sharks and Avalanche.
NBCSN will air 12 Sunday Night Hockey matchups on NBCSN, beginning on January 10. Matchups include Penguins-Capitals, Lightning-Bruins, Blues-Wild, and Maple Leafs-Red Wings, in which first-year Toronto head coach Mike Babcock returns to Detroit to face the team they led for the past decade.
The Blackhawks, Rangers, Penguins, Red Wings, Wild, Avalanche and Blues will each make 12 appearances across NBC and NBCSN, followed by four teams that will appear 11 times. The Eastern Conference Champion Tampa Bay Lightning will make eight appearances across NBC and NBCSN.
NBC and NBCSN will air rematches of the 2015 Eastern and Western Conference Finals. NBC will present Blackhawks-Ducks as part of the Thanksgiving Showdown doubleheader on Nov. 27 at 2 p.m. PT. NBCSN will present Rangers-Lightning on Wednesday, Nov. 30, and will also provide coverage of their matchup in New York on April 5, in what will be Tampa Bay's first visit to Madison Square Garden since Game 7 of the Eastern Conference Final.
Rangers-Penguins, Blackhawks-Wild, Capitals-Flyers, Penguins-Capitals and Kings-Sharks are the most featured regular-season matchups, each appearing three times across NBC and NBCSN.
NBCSN will provide coverage of the first NHL matchup on U.S. soil between 2015 top NHL draft picks Connor McDavid (No. 1, Edmonton) and Jack Eichel (No. 2, Buffalo), when the Buffalo Sabres host the Edmonton Oilers on March 1.
57 of NBC and NBCSN's 105 telecasts feature at least one Western Conference team, and every U.S. team will appear on NBC or NBCSN in the regular season.
Bonus games may be added to the schedule once the season is underway.
NBC SPORTS LIVE EXTRA COVERAGE
NBC Sports Live Extra -- NBC Sports Group's live streaming product for desktops, mobile devices, tablets and connected TVs -- will stream comprehensive coverage of the NHL regular season via "TV Everywhere," giving consumers additional value to for their subscription service, and making high quality content available to MVPD customers both in and out of the home and on multiple platforms. The NBC Sports Live Extra app is available on the iTunes App Store, Google Play, Windows Store, Roku Channel Store and Apple TV.
Many hospitals in the U.S. receive tax breaks in exchange for the community service of providing care to those who cannot afford to pay. But hospitals in at least five states employ aggressive debt collectors to garnish the wages of low-income patients with unpaid debts, a ProPublica/NPR investigation revealed Friday.
Hospitals in Kansas, Oklahoma, Nebraska, Alabama and Missouri pass debts along to for-profit collection agencies. People affected tend to be those who earn too much to qualify for assistance in states that rejected the Medicaid expansion in President Barack Obama's health care law, but not enough to purchase health care on their own. The cost of health care services for the uninsured tend to be significantly higher than for people with health insurance.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Read more at ProPublica
Contact us at editors@time.com.
For one anonymous Indiana restaurateur, the state's recently passed Religion Freedom Restoration Act will not affect the way they do business, because they already discriminate. The controversial law gives businesses — including restaurants, bars, and coffee shops — the right to turn away LGBT customers. According to Think Progress, the owner of an unnamed restaurant — who only identifies themselves as Ryan — admitted on local radio station RadioNOW 100.9 that they support the controversial law because it validates what they have already been doing. They revealed that he's gone so far as to tell LGBT customers "that equipment was broken in their restaurant and they couldn't serve them even though it wasn't and other people were already eating at the table."
Ryan attempted to justify their actions to the surprised radio hosts: "I feel okay with it because it's my place of business, I pay the rent, I've built it with all my money and my doing. It's my place; I can do whatever I want with it." They add that LGBT community members are free to "do their own thing," just in a place where "people want to be with them."
Thankfully, Ryan the discriminating restaurateur is in the minority. Many companies — including chains like Chipotle and review site Yelp — have come out against the act since it was signed into law by Governor Mike Pence last week. When asked for a comment, a spokesperson for Chipotle told Eater: "I suppose Indiana can do [what] it wants, but we will continue to welcome our customers -- all of them." Yelp CEO Jeremy Stoppelman came out against the law noting on the company's blog that it "set[s] a terrible precedent."
By Edward Chaykovsky
IBF/WBA 'regular' super middleweight champion Carl Froch has advised Sky Sports News that there is "a strong chance" they will retire from boxing if a deal is not reached to face Julio Chavez Jr. on a 2015 date in Las Vegas.
James DeGale, who faces Marco Antonio Periban next month, is Froch's IBF mandatory challenger and says they will be ready to fight the champion as early as late January.
After drawing 80,000 fans to May's rematch with George Groves, Froch admits they are not mentally motivated to fight someone like DeGale. Based on their latest statements, they would rather retire than make the mandatory defense.
"That's where I am on it," said Froch said. "I've told that to Eddie Hearn."
"I don't need to risk putting my legacy at stake for another British pretender who's not earned their stripes and without giving James DeGale any stick - he's an Olympic gold medalist, he's done well - he's not quite earned their stripes, but he's mandatory for the IBF belt. Do I fight him? Do I take them seriously? Yes, but if the Chavez fight can happen in Vegas for me, that is the one. If the Chavez fight doesn't happen, there's a strong chance of me retiring a happy man."
The same phrase gets repeated over and over in the media: that supporters of marijuana legalization “claim” it is less dangerous than alcohol or tobacco.
So hearsay — that's the only way we can figure out if this drug is more harmful than others?
Advertisement
There are a few reasons reporters have a hard time taking a stance on pot.
1. Government Misinformation
The federal government labeled marijuana a Schedule I substance in 1970. That meant it had “no accepted medicinal use and a high potential for abuse.”
Advertisement
But that decision was based on a lack of research, not evidence.
CNN's Sanjay Gupta pointed out in an August column that the Schedule I designation followed the recommendations of the assistant secretary of health at the time, Dr. Roger O. Egeberg.
"Since there is still a considerable void in our knowledge of the plant and effects of the active drug contained in it, our recommendation is that marijuana be retained within schedule 1 at least until the completion of certain studies now underway to resolve the issue," Egeberg wrote.
Advertisement
Gupta points out that some researchers have looked at the harms associated with marijuana, however — and the evidence shows that weed doesn't deserve the reputation that it's been given by the government.
Pot is less addictive than tobacco and has milder withdrawal symptoms than alcohol. And then there's this recently popular statistic, one that most journalists neglected to investigate for decades: there are no known overdose deaths from pot.
That doesn't mean pot is harmless. Studies have shown it can impact brain function in young people, for example. And drivers who are impaired in any way can be a threat to other people on the road (although researchers found that marijuana might be better than alcohol in that regard).
Advertisement
But judging by the potential for addiction, severity of withdrawal symptoms and frequency of overdoses (never), it's less dangerous than some other popular drugs.
2. Limits of Research
While there's certainly research on the effects of marijuana, it's been limited within the U.S.
Advertisement
The main problem is that pot is still illegal under federal law. So if you're a researcher funded by the government, you need to get your weed from a farm at the University of Mississippi, the only place permitted to grow marijuana legally, according to the feds.
Another issue: nearly all of the marijuana studies approved by the federal government look at the harms associated with marijuana. By Sanjay Gupta's accounting, only 6 percent of pot studies looked at potential benefits.
All of this comes back to the federal approach to marijuana. It's been branded a dangerous drug, and the research funding reflects that.
Advertisement
3. News Judgment
Tell both sides of the story. That's what they teach you at the high school newspaper.
OK, that's great when you're a national media outlet talking about issues that genuinely divide the country. But when you're dealing with scientific research, you need to make a judgment about what sort of research is valid.
Advertisement
I mean, are you really going to include AIDS deniers in your article about the epidemic, just because they provide a counterpoint?
Hopefully not.
The Takeaway: No reporter wants to tell people that a drug is harmless, and then find out in a decade or two that they were promoting something that kills thousands of people. But using the research that's available, you can draw conclusions about marijuana that show it's less harmful than some other popular drugs, and doesn't deserve the label it's been given by the federal government.
Advertisement
Next up — let's apply a scientific approach to all of the other banned drugs.
Ted Hesson was formerly the immigration editor at Fusion, covering the issue from Washington, D.C. They also write about drug laws and (occasionally) baseball. On the side: guitars, urban biking, and fiction.
PHOENIX—According to sources currently seated in rows 14 through 18 aboard flight 763, two middle-aged men with incredibly boring jobs are really hitting it off during the three-hour trip to Kansas City.
Using terms like “white-labeling” and “core clients,” the slightly overweight, average-looking men are reportedly engaged in a detailed discussion about overwhelmingly unexciting work-related topics and, sources said, seem to be getting along great.
Advertisement
“They got to talking as soon as we boarded, and you could tell they just clicked right away,” said 31-year-old Nikki Bertrand of 16B, adding that one of the men, upon looking up from their sales trade magazine, immediately recognized the company logo on the polo shirt of the man sitting down in the next seat. “Since then, they've been going on and on about cold calls, prospecting, annual contract values, and renewal quotas.”
“I mean, just listen to them,” Bertrand continued. “You'd think they were old pals. But they just met and just happen to both have the most unbearably mind-numbing careers you could possibly imagine.”
Nearby passengers confirmed that the men, both wearing khaki pants with cell phones clipped to their belts, began the conversation by exchanging information about their respective companies and the various boring jobs they had held in the past. Reports indicated they then began to discuss various methods for “building product portfolios” and “processing group orders,” which appear to occupy a sizable portion of the day-to-day work in their completely dull professions.
Advertisement
“I tuned them out for 30 minutes or so while listening to music, but when I took my headphones off, they were still going strong, chatting about some trade show they've both attended in Houston,” said Douglas Martin, who occupies the row's window seat, adding that the two joked about the poor quality of food at the hotel near the convention center. “Then they got into how policy standards have changed a lot over the years and how numbers really dipped last quarter across the board, and at that point I dozed off.”
Although sources reported a brief lull in conversation when both men took out their laptops and began typing on spreadsheets, the discussion is said to have picked up again after one of the men complained about their company's new system for entering client information, prompting both individuals to express their frustration that “it's all gone digital now” and “no one sends purchase forms over regular mail anymore.”
“When I came around to their row with refreshments, they were so engrossed in the most uninteresting conversation I had ever heard, talking about expense claims and something called ‘CRM data,' that I almost couldn't bring myself to interrupt them,” flight attendant Bryan Mantei said. “But as soon as they ordered their tomato juice, they got right back into it again, having the time of their lives as they discussed the different customer territories they had been assigned to in the Midwest over the past few years.”
Advertisement
Several passengers also confirmed they had looked back and witnessed the two men wearing their headphones and chuckling at the same point during the in-flight movie.
According to reports aboard the aircraft, the discussion eventually shifted to other aspects of the duo's utterly humdrum lives, including recent renovations to their suburban homes, their mutual interest in watching golf on Sundays, and the fact that both have children attending state universities.
At press time, after landing at Kansas City International Airport, the two men with mind-numbingly boring jobs reportedly shook hands and exchanged contact information.
Johannesburg - The Cyril Ramaphosa Education Trust (CRET) has rescinded the bursary of a University of Pretoria (UP) recipient after an offensive video, depicting them and a friend using derogatory language, surfaced on Friday morning.
The video depicts two intoxicated female students shouting out racist remarks and laughing.
One shouted into the camera: "A f*****g k****r stole my phone."
The second added: "Did you hear that? A f*****g k****r stole their phone," to which the first student responded: "I am so f*****g dumb, f*****g k*****s."
One of them then remarked that the video should not be played in front of a ‘zamani', before they started laughing.
One of the students accidentally shared the video on a physiotherapy WhatsApp group at 23:00 on Thursday night.
Realising what had happened, they quickly apologised and said the remarks were not indicative of their opinion at all.
'Non-discriminatory programme'
They said it was an awful mistake. Now the Trust has cut assistance to one of the students, who was apparently studying towards a career in physiotherapy.
According to a statement from the trust, students who are supported are "encouraged to rise above their circumstances, to become inspirational leaders and to give back to those less fortunate".
The trust condemned the "abhorrent behaviour" in the video, adding that they were devastated and disappointed by the student, who should have been embracing diversity in South Africa.
"The CRET bursary programme has prided itself on its non-racial, non-discriminatory programme that supports disadvantaged students across all races," the statement read.
News24 reported earlier that the university was investigating the matter and that the two students had been suspended.
The trust said it would support any further action taken against the student, pending the outcome of a disciplinary inquiry by the university.
Both suspended students have deactivated their Facebook and Instagram profiles.
The trust was not immediately available for comment at the time of publishing.
Attempts to reach the trust for clarity on which of the two implicated students had their bursary rescinded were unsuccessful.
The Orion Project's Energy Solutions Plan
During the past two decades, Dr. Steven Greer and their team have extensively researched the most promising inventors and technologies available on the planet today. They have traveled the globe investigating scores of inventors, and have witnessed an exhaustive range of technologies from the impossible to the near miraculous. From this painstaking work they have narrowed their scope to a handful of the most brilliant inventors and the most promising technologies. Heretofore, these inventors have been valiantly struggling forward to bring earth-saving technologies out to the world. Usually, these committed and intrepid pioneers are operating with:
Low budgets
Very limited equipment in their personal shops
Little or no access to other brilliant people to spur their thinking
Frequent strong skepticism, outright ridicule, and in some cases harrassment
The mission of our Energy Solutions Plan is to bring the very best inventors in the world of sustainable, non-polluting, “free” energy together, under one roof to achieve a very specific objective. Our ultimate objective is to produce an Energy Generating System (a free energy generator) for the home or business, which will be available to the general global public. Ultimately this will free us from dependence on costly, limited, and polluting fossil fuels and forever transform the current non-sustainable energy paradigm
Following are the technical description and performance criteria for this mission:
Technology Performance Criteria The desired generator technology is an energy-generating device that produces more output energy in usable, commercially viable power than is required to run the system. The technology is over unity (more output than input energy) and is commercially viable for running typical electrical appliances in homes, businesses and industry. The device must also provide the following features: Be completely independent of the power grid. The device should be able to function as a complete “stand alone” system operating for an indefinite period of time with no connection of any kind to the existing electrical grid or any other power supply system. Ultimately, the device may be hooked to the grid to feed its own excess power back to the utility company but only after demonstrating its performance as a standalone system. Be completely independent of the power grid. The device should be able to function as a complete “stand alone” system operating for an indefinite period of time with no connection of any kind to the existing electrical grid or any other power supply system. Ultimately, the device may be hooked to the grid to feed its own excess power back to the utility company but only after demonstrating its performance as a standalone system. Self starting – the device should be able start from its own power supply; i.e. battery or capacitor. Self charging – means should be included that enable the device to recharge its starting system from its own power while simultaneously running a load. The device should consume no external fossil-based fuels of any kind. Significant usable power – ideally the device should deliver 5-10KW of net usable electrical power over and above what is needed to recharge its starting circuit / mechanism. This would be either 120 or 240V, 50/60 cycle, AC current sufficient to power typical household or commercial electrical devices; i.e. lights, computers, refrigerators, electric heaters, microwave oven, stereo, television, etc. While a lower power prototype may likely be necessary for proof of concept / development, a robust demonstrator unit in the 5-10KW range is necessary to prove commercial viability of the technology. Such a robust demonstrator is essential for The Orion Project to fulfill its strategic mission. This technology may involve unique circuitry, gearing and wiring of electric motors, alternators, etc. that result in this over unity effect; providing commercially viable power generation in the multi-kilowatt range, be self running and charging while simultaneously running a load.
We have further narrowed our focus to some of the most promising core technologies we believe can fulfill this mission either by themselves or in combination with others. For example:
Lease an adequate, well-equipped research facility
Bring a core group of some of the most brilliant inventors together under one roof
Support them with a full-time skilled technical staff and scientific/engineering consultants when needed
Provide professional project management to coordinate and support activities
Align everyone toward the attainment of this single objective
Provide 18-24 months of intensive activity to produce the desired result
Much has already been achieved by these inventors operating independently under the most adverse conditions. Bringing them together, with full support, clear direction, and aligned effort will certainly produce an energy breakthrough that humanity so sorely needs.
On my last and final night in Leipzig, Germany, I decided to revisit a beer that I just had to post about earlier in the week: Gose. Here however, I went to the actual brewery from which the original Gose beer was brewed (and is still brewed to this day). Namely, the Bayerischer Bahnhof. As the name implies, the brewery is in a train station. Well, to be exact, the brewery is in what used to be a train station that served as the departure point from the city of Leipzig to destinations in the south of Germany. However, in the early 2000s, the station was closed. The legacy though lives on as the station has been restored to its original glory and still houses Bayerischer Bahnhof. According to the menu, the station will be revived as part of the city's underground train project in 2013.
Just because your train into or out of Leipzig does not bring you through the Bahnhof these days (and if you come in via plane to Leipzig, your entry will be even farther from the brewery), that does not mean that you need not pay Bayerischer Bahnhof a visit. Not only is the beer fantastic (and diverse), the food is some of the best that you will find on a budget in the city.
Bayerischer Bahnhof is located just outside of the inner city ring road (about a 15 minute walk from the main square in Leipzig) at Bayrischer Platz 1. From the Martin-Luther-Ring road, head down either Wilhelm-Leuschner-Platz or Grunewaldstrasse to Windmuhlenstrasse and head east for about 2 blocks. You will see the train station and its large gateway on the right. You cannot miss it.
So, what makes the Gose so special? Well, for one, as I mentioned in an earlier post, there are only about 4 breweries in the world brewing the beer today. This is quite interesting considering that there are references to the beer going back to at least the year 1332. With now nearly 700 years of Gose brewing in the books, it may be quite surprising that there are so few breweries crafting this thirst quenching beer today.
One of the reasons for its lacking appearance in the states is likely due to what I am going to refer to as the “American Beer Palette”. I think it is safe to say that most beer drinkers tend to choose the large, mass-produced beers that real beer drinkers will refuse to even touch (e.g., Bud, Coors, etc.). These beers lack a lot of taste, character, and boldness and thus are likable by many without having to acquire a taste for the beer. On the other hand, you have your real beer drinkers that are always looking for the next IPA or the new barrel-aged imperial stout to be released from the local craft brewery. While these beer drinkers have a more sophisticated palette, for the most part, they will steer away from beers outside of their comfort zone. Then, you finally have the extravagant beer drinkers that are willing to try just about anything that is fermented and put in a bottle (well, maybe not everything, but you get the picture). These are the folks that will be willing to go out on a limb and drink something that is sour (since, after all, most beers tend to be sweet or bitter). Since these beer drinkers are by far in the minority, the market for such sour beers in the states is quite small. In fact, the global market for sour beers is not much larger.
Baked camembert with pears and horseradish!
With that said, if you can get your hands on a Gose in the states (whether it was brewed in Germany or not), you should at least give it a try. It is a beer that will most certainly quench your thirst as a result of its crisp, clean mouth feel and the subtle saltiness (yes, this will actually eventually make you thirsty again, but at least it temporarily quenches your thirst). The beer is often brewed with coriander as well to give it just a touch of spice. It is really a shame that a brewery in the states does not take a chance on brewing a Gose of their own, at least as a seasonal beer. It would be fantastic to enjoy a Gose or two on the poor on a mild spring or fall day.
Another nice thing about Gose is that it pairs well with a lot of German specialties. I decided to pair the Gose with the baked camembert cheese and the spatzle at Bayerischer Bahnhof. The camembert is lightly breaded and baked in the oven and comes with a side of jam and some sliced pears. The crisp, sweet pears go very well with the cheese and brings out the crispness of the Gose. On the other hand, there are few things more German that spatzle (German egg noodles) and when combined with aromatic cheeses and topped with some sautéed onions and pears, it really helps accentuate the aromas of the beer and again bring out the crisp, clean mouth feel of the Gose. I have included some pictures below, but I must apologize for the poor quality since I was forced to take them with a phone.
Spatzle with sauteed onions and pears!
So, the moral of the story is don't be shy if you see a Gose in the near future. It will be different, but it is worth giving a try. If you feel as if the beer is too sour for your liking, do as the Germans do and add some syrup, woodruff and raspberry syrups are two of the most common (you could even make a Gose Radler by adding lemonade or some places will even mix in a banana syrup or cherry liquor).
Cheers.
The opening of Trump Tower in downtown Vancouver Tuesday was met by protests in the street and criticism from local politicians, but Tourism Vancouver is focusing on the building's benefits.
Vice-president of marketing Steven Pearce says the tower is a much-needed addition to Vancouver's hotel industry.
"We sorely need excellent hotel rooms. We've got very high occupancy in the summertime and that pushes up rates and there's lots of room for additional rooms in this city," they told On The Coast guest host Gloria Macarenko.
"We're seeing almost 40 per cent of our business coming over the June, July, August period and we're driving occupancies of 91, 94 per cent."
Another thing to keep in mind, they say, are the jobs a five-star hotel of that size will likely create.
"Because it is a luxury property it is going to have a very high ratio of staff to customers because they expect that level of service," they said.
That said, Pearce doesn't think the hotel's identity will have a pronounced impact on tourism numbers. They say visitors are more likely to come to Vancouver "for all the wonderful things to see and do here" and not for a particular hotel.
They also suspect that with all the "emotion" around the Trump name, both tower owners who have licensed the branding and businesses that are tenants of the building will watch closely to see if the branding is an asset or a liability.
With files from CBC Radio One's On The Coast
To hear the full story, click the audio labelled: Tourism Vancouver says Trump Tower will provide much-needed hotel rooms
Sure, you've signed up for the three-month Apple Music trial, but are you really making the most of all it has to offer? Before you decide whether or not to stay on board with Apple's new streaming service, try this collection of tips and tricks.
Follow (and Unfollow) Artists and Curators
Your Connect page is populated based on the musicians you've decided to follow; tap the Follow button on any artist page to do just that. Tap your account avatar then choose Following to unfollow bands and singers, and disable the feature that auto-follows anyone added to your music library.
You can also follow curators as well as artists for a more customised feed. Tap Radio then the Beats 1 logo in the centre of the screen; choose any of the Featured Shows and you can follow them too. You can also follow curators from the Apple Editor's Playlists and Curator Playlists sections available on the New tab.
Add Music to Your Own Library
How do you possibly make sense of the millions of tracks in the Apple Music library? By adding the best cuts to your own library for easy management. Next to every album, song and playlist you'll see a More icon (three horizontal dots) which reveals an Add to My Music option.
The chosen track, album or playlist then shows up in the My Music section of the app (and under Playlists in the case of playlists), where you can get at it more conveniently. Predictably enough, the same More icon lets you remove music from your own personal library if you want to trim your collection.
Disable the Connect Feature
If you delve into the Settings app on your iOS device then choose General and Restrictions you'll see you can switch off the Connect feature (once restrictions are enabled). Quite why you would want to do this isn't immediately obvious, but if you're not interested in it then it's a handy way of turning it off.
Obviously the Connect button is then removed from the app's navigation bar: if you're on a small iPhone screen it gets replaced by a Playlists button (which is otherwise available through the Music section); if you're on an iPad the icons just get shuffled closer together to fill the space that's left.
Download Music for Offline Listening
If you're heading into the great outdoors or getting on a plane then it's a good idea to cache some songs in advance ready for offline listening. This applies to songs in the Apple Music cloud (you can still sync local tracks to your iOS devices through iTunes or iTunes Match as usual).
Open up the More menu next to any track, album or playlist (those three dots again) and choose Make Available Offline to cache the chosen songs. You can then use the drop-down menu at the top of the My Music tab to view local music only when you find yourself without any internet access.
Download Music Over Cell Networks
On a related note, most of the time you're going to want to download songs over a Wi-Fi network, but if you need to queue up a playlist quickly and have the data plan to cope you can download (and stream) songs over a cell network connection as well — just keep an eye on your data usage.
Head to the Settings app then pick iTunes & App Store and toggle the switch marked Use Mobile Data. Note that this affects automatic downloads for iOS and the App Store as well as Apple Music and iTunes Match. It's a good idea to cache rather than stream songs in case your data signal strength varies as you move around.
Tell Apple What You Like
That flowing mass of red bubbles you saw when you first set up Apple Music may be a dim and distant memory now, but you can get back to it by tapping your avatar icon and then Choose Artists For You. Tell Apple about the genres and the artists you like or tap on Reset if you want to start over again.
Sprinkled throughout the Apple Music interface are heart-shaped icons you can use to tell the app about your passion for a particular album, band, song or playlist. Tapping to love something doesn't add it to your music library but it does improve the recommendations under the For You tab.
Find Old Beats 1 Playlists
Missed a show on Beats 1? You can't bring back the live DJ commentary after the event but you can at least retrieve a playlist of all the tracks that were aired. In fact you might prefer to skip the actual show with the human element to it and just get the list of hand-picked songs to add to your library.
Here's how to do it: tap the Radio icon, tap the Beats 1 banner (rather than the Listen Now button) and then pick one of the featured shows from the list that appears. You can drill down to playlists or even pick out individual songs, and there are the usual options to add the music to your library and so on.
Shuffle All of Your Songs
The way that Apple Music invades the old familiar Music app can be a little disorientating at first, but you'll soon get the hang of it. To shuffle all your songs, head to My Music, tap the drop-down menu near the top of the screen and choose Songs from the list. Then, select one of your tracks to start.
Open up the “now playing: screen, enable shuffle, and the app shuffles through all of the songs in your library — if you've chosen Show Music Available Offline from the previous drop-down menu it sticks to locally cached songs only. You can also ask Siri to “shuffle all my music” to achieve the same end result.
Discover New Music
When you've got millions of songs to play around with, finding new material is more difficult than ever. The For You tab is where you can get tailored recommendations of what to listen to next, but don't neglect the New tab, which is another place you can find fresh tunes by sifting through the newest music available.
To make the list of music a little more specific to you, use the drop-down list at the top to pick out a genre. You can also find specifically curated playlists further down the New screen, and see what's proving popular with other Apple Music listeners, tapping on any song you like the look of to stream it instantly.
Turn Off Auto-Renew
When you sign up for your three-month trial on Apple Music, Apple assumes you're going to want to carry on with the £9.99/month plan when the trial is over. As Apple already has all of your credit card details on file, the mechanism is there to start charging you automatically after the trial ends.
If you're not completely enamoured with Apple Music, or you're just not sure yet, you can disable this: tap your avatar icon, choose View Apple ID, then select Manage under Subscriptions and pick the Apple Music membership option. Turn off Automatic Renewal if you're still mulling over the pros and cons.
This article originally appeared on Gizmodo UK, the tech site which is equally fascinated with design, architecture, and science.
Stewart F. House / Getty Images Texas State Sen. Wendy Davis announces their intention to run for Texas Governor in Haltom City on Thursday.
Wendy Davis burst onto the political scene in pink tennis shoes last June. But as the Democrat announced their campaign for Texas governor on Thursday, she'll need some pretty rugged hiking boots to climb the uphill political path ahead of them
The Fort Worth state senator became a liberal folk hero with their 11-hour filibuster in June, sporting now-famous Mizunos and a back brace to rally against a controversial bill that would have banned most abortions after 20 weeks, along with imposing new restrictions and requirements on abortion clinics and doctors. They stopped the bill initially, but the law eventually passed in a subsequent special session. Its constitutionality has been challenged in court by Planned Parenthood and other pro-choice advocates.
But Davis did not mention abortion at all in remarks announcing their candidacy Thursday, focusing instead on their first filibuster earlier in their career -- on education issues.
"Texas deserves a leader who understands that making education a priority creates good jobs for Texans and keeps Texas on top," they said.
Lamenting the rising costs of college, Davis said they would make education issues a centerpiece of their campaign in the Lone Star State.
"I'm not sharing my story because it's unique or special. I'm sharing it precisely because it isn't. My whole life, I've seen Texans create better tomorrows for themselves and their families," they said. "But I worry that the journey I made is a lot harder and steeper for young Texans today."
Still, Davis' national fame and fundraising prowess is a product of their more controversial stance on abortion issues. After their marathon filibuster, a star was, as they say, born overnight. Suddenly Davis, a second-term state senator, was the hottest new thing for Democrats, and the immediate buzz around a potential statewide candidacy continued to swirl as fundraising dollars from across the country continued pouring in.
Erika Rich / AP Texas Sen. Wendy Davis (D-Ft. Worth) walks onto the stage during the last day of The Texas Tribune Festival on Sunday, Sept. 29, 2013 at The University of Texas at Austin.
They didn't do much to discourage speculation, and Thursday afternoon they made official what was one of the worst-kept secrets of politics -- she's throwing their hat in the ring to succeed retiring Republican Gov. Rick Perry and setting up a clash next year with likely GOP nominee and sitting Attorney General Greg Abbott.
Observers, including Democrats, still say they face a steep hill in the solidly red Lone Star State? It's been nearly two decades since Texas last elected a Democratic governor, and it's a state that votes reliably Republican where President Barack Obama lost by 16 points. The last gubernatorial race touted to Perry as another moderate Democrat, former Houston Mayor Bill White, lost handily in 2010 by 13 points.
Those close to Davis acknowledge they begin as the underdog, but point out that's never stopped them before. They had tough fights in their two state Senate races in a district even Republican describe as GOP-leaning. They fought against a partisan gerrymander of their district in 2011, and won re-election after they were heavily targeted by the GOP in 2012.
And moving beyond just their political biography, they have a compelling personal story. A single teen mother who grew up in a Texas trailer park, worked their way through community college and eventually Texas Christian University, went on to graduate from Harvard Law School and returned to Fort Worth to practice law.
Politico Playbook: "Sens. Rand Paul and Ted Cruz have joined an upstart effort to remove the chain of command from military sexual assault cases," writes Politico's Darren Samuelsohn. Jim VandeHei joins Morning Joe to discuss the lathe the latest developments along with Texas Democratic Sen. Wendy Davis, who raised nearly $1 million in the last two weeks of June.
Former Texas Democratic Rep. Martin Frost said just getting a strong Democrat on the ballot was a win for their party, but didn't downplay the challenges they face.
“Eventually we're going to win a statewide race in Texas, and if you don't run you can't win,” said Frost. “It won't be easy. I'm going to help them all I can, and lightning could strike here.”
Texas Democratic strategist Matt Angle, now an adviser to Davis, said they had taken notice of them long before they rose to national prominence, back during their first campaign for the legislature when they were a Fort Worth City Councilwoman, a nonpartisan office.
“When people want to complain and start griping about each other, Wendy has a good quality of helping people find a way toward a solution,” said Angle. “Just their positive demeanor is inspiring to people.”
And Angle argued, their famous filibuster wasn't something they sought out, but that was thrust upon them
“The choice issue has never been a central issue to their career,” said Angle. “She's focused much more closely on education issues, job creation."
Since June, Davis hasn't shied away from the spotlight, but she's also looked to broaden their issue spectrum on the national stage too. In a speech at the National Press Club in D.C., they spoke at length about their work on education issues. And this past weekend at the Texas Tribune Festival in Austin, they talked of wanting to broaden their image beyond the stereotype of being a single issue candidate.
State Sen. Wendy Davis, D-Texas, talks about the House's decision to pass the strict abortion law that they previously filibustered.
But if Davis rose to political fame on the abortion issue, Republicans are eager to take them down on the issue too. Texas Right to Life was already up with radio ads in both English and Spanish on Thursday, calling them an “abortion zealot.” While Democrats may see a growing Hispanic electorate as their path to eventual victory in the changing state, Republicans quickly point out many of those Latinos socially conservative, religious voters who are opposed to abortion.
“Most of the people encouraging them to run probably have no idea how hard it is for a Democrat to win statewide in Texas right now. The normal metrics just don't apply in Texas,” said the nonpartisan Rothenberg Political Report's Nathan Gonzales, who analyzes governor's races. “Her supporters talk about how they raised $1 million in the days after their filibuster. Well that's couch cushion money for statewide race in Texas.”
It's still more than 13 months from Election Day, but even some things may be out of their hands, even if they run a flawless race.
“In order to win, they probably need to run a perfect campaign, have Abbott implode, and need at least one credible third-party candidate in the race to lower their threshold for victory below 50 percent,” said Gonzales.
Republicans echo Gonzales' assessment, and maintain they aren't worried in a state that hasn't been a plausible target for Democrats in years.
In a briefing with NBC on Wednesday, Republican Governors Association Chairman Bobby Jindal said they aren't “concerned about Greg Abbott's ability to win in Texas,” calling their victory a “a pretty safe bet” and saying they believed they wouldn't have to spend a lot of money there.
While both candidates still remain largely unknown in the state, it's Abbott who has been on the ballot before three times, though he's never had a serious challenge.
And Republicans have one word they'll keep repeating to characterize Davis -- liberal.
“Senator Davis has a very thin record of legislative accomplishment, is a liberal demagogue in the Texas Capitol and is unlikely to shake the extremist abortion position that catapulted them to media and activist fame over the summer,” said Republican strategist Ray Sullivan, a longtime Perry aide and former spokesperson.
“She is an unabashed liberal in a conservative state,” Sullivan continued. “She is not well-known and can be further defined.”
That's just what Abbott's campaign plans to do. Armed with a $25 million war chest, they have a heavy advantage early on to paint Davis as they want, in a state where she's already at a disadvantage.
“We have the fundraising capability to shape the race on our terms,” said a source close to Abbott.
But, even their campaign isn't naive that, especially in an open seat with a heralded recruit by Democrats, it will be a very real race.
“I do believe they are a strong candidate,” said the same Democratic source, “I just don't know if demographics work for any Democrat in Texas.”
This story was originally published on
“Tangled” is heading to the small screen. Based on the 2010 feature film from Walt Disney Animation Studios, the animated television series is slated to premiere on Disney Channel in 2017.
Mandy Moore and Zachary Levi will reprise their roles, voicing Rapunzel and Eugene, also known as Flynn Rider, respectively.
The series follows the success of Disney Channel's 2012 “Tangled Ever After” short, which brought in five million total viewers.
The Disney Television Animation project reunites the movie's composer Alan Menken and lyricist Glenn Slater who will work on the series, which is being developed by exec producer Chris Sonnenburg (“Enchanted”), who will also serve as supervising director, and Shane Prigmore (“The Lego Movie”), who is co-exec producer and creator director.
“The genius of the original movie was its seamless blending of cinematic adventure, character-driven comedy and touching emotion. And we are fortunate to have several of the creative talent from that movie on board with this new production,” commented Gary Marsh, president and CCO of Disney Channels Worldwide. “With the addition of Chris and Shane as executive producers, we have the perfect team in place to create a series worthy of the original film.”
“Tangled” on Disney Channel is set between the events of the original film and the start of “Tangled Ever After.” The series follows the long-locked Rapunzel (Moore), as they acquaint themselves with their parents, their kingdom and the people of Corona, and realizes there is much more they need to learn before they can truly accept their royal destiny, causing them to put their crown and put their marriage on hold to seek out epic adventures, much to the dismay of their father, the King. Accompanying Rapunzel on their journey will be the charming bandit Eugene (Levi); the plucky chameleon sidekick, Pascal; the no-nonsense horse, Maximus; the Snuggly Duckling Pub Thugs; and newcomer Cassandra, a tough-as-nails handmaiden, who becomes Rapunzel's confidant.
Jase Ricci (“Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles”) is the story editor on the “Tangled” series and Kevin Kliesch (“Tangled Ever After”) will serve as the score composer. Claire Keane (“Frozen,” “Tangled”) consulted on development of the series.
The “Tangled” series is the latest step in the Disney franchise, following the huge box office success. The Golden Globe and Academy Award-nominated film opened with $68.7 million and earned $200 million domestically and over $593 million globally. The original song “I See the Light,” recorded by Moore and Levi, also won a Grammy Award.
“Tangled” is also featured at Disney theme parks, and Rapunzel has become one of the top-selling Disney Princesses among Disney Store and Disney Publishing merchandise. The tale is being adapted for a stage show on Disney Magic cruise ship, set to premiere onboard this November.
Snoop Dogg net worth: Snoop Dogg is a West Coast based rapper, actor and media mogul who has a net worth of $135 million. Snoop Dogg is one of the wealthiest and most successful rappers to come out of the 1990s rap scene, and one of the few still recording today. An example of West Coast rap, they have released ten solo albums since 1992. Born Cordozar Calvin Broadus, Snoop—he received the nickname from their parents—grew up in Long Beach, California, and was a member of the Rollin' 20 Crips gang as a teenager. They served time in prison for cocaine possession, but soon after their release, they were contacted by producer Dr. Dre and signed to Death Row Records.
Snoop's first album, 1992's Doggystyle, which twice peaked at number one on the Billboard 200 charts and is recognized as one of the most significant album releases of the 1990s. Since Doggystyle, Snoop has released nine albums on four labels; with their 2009 release Malice n Wonderland, they were appointed an executive at Priority Records. In addition to their music, Snoop has directed several adult films under pseudonyms (Michael J. Corleone and Snoop Scorcese) and has appeared on television and in films, both as themselves and in fictional roles. Snoop also has a number of commercial endorsements, including Boost Mobile, Chrysler 200, Orbit Gum, and St. Ides; they also lend their name to a malt liquor of their own, Snoop Doggs footlong hot dogs, the Snoop Dogg Board Company, and a variety of clothing lines.
Snoop Dogg Career Earnings By Year:
2007 – $17 million
2008 – $16 million
2009 – $11 million
2010 – $15 million
2011 – $14 million
2012 – $9 million
2013 – $10 million
2014 – $10 million
2015 – $10 million
2016 – $13 million
2017 – $17 million
2018 – $15 million
Total: $157 million
Thank you so much for the thoughtful gift!
I love the two shirts and wear both styles depending on what's not in the wash, I especially love the colors! I love how bright and happy they are, both tops are awesome :D
You went above and beyond with the water bottle, it is exactly what I have been wanting to buy, and it's like you read my mind! I can't wait to use it on my first run, and I love the bottles color as well.
As you can tell I'm a colors girl...
Thank you for the magazine, I flipped through it and it seems interesting. After reading it I may have to get a subscription of my own.
Lastly thank you for the thoughtful (handmade?) card and thank you again for the perfect gift.
Oh as a side note I love your handwriting!
Four minutes, and the Impact's mission in Kansas City got even more complex.
A good result at Sporting Park would have appeased Montreal after an eventful week that saw the club address All-Star defender Laurent Ciman's family situation and trade want-away center back Bakary Soumare to FC Dallas for Kyle Bekker.
Then again, at Sporting Park, the Impact's games go either really, really well or really, really wrong. Benny Feilhaber scored in the fourth minute, and it felt like the latter.
In the end, it could have been much worse. Head coach Frank Klopas called the 2-1 loss “one of the better road games we played.” But they rued the mental mistakes that would have thrown any game plan out the window.
“We've got to realize that we can't take risks and chances away from home against a quality team,” Klopas told reporters postgame. “Other than that, I felt that we regrouped. The focus was to win the second half. I felt we did that. We pushed the game. Unfortunately, those early mistakes we made cost us.”
Marco Donadel committed the first mistake as they tried to check in front of Roger Espinoza to get past them in front of the box. But Espinoza robbed Donadel and fed Krisztian Nemeth, who assisted Feilhaber in Ciman's channel – the center back, convinced that Donadel would get past Espinoza, had moved upfield to restore numbers in midfield.
The second was Calum Mallace's missed turn when receiving a Victor Cabrera pass in the 34th minute. Feilhaber pounced and slipped a through ball to Dom Dwyer who made it 2-0.
Dilly Duka credited Sporting KC with sitting in well in the first half. But they also lamented Montreal's overly adventurous game in the first half, playing like a home team.
“I think we need to be a better away team,” Duka said. “We have to play like an away team. We can't be the aggressors. We can't, from the beginning, think we're going to go and score a goal. We've got to work off the other team's mistakes, just like Kansas City did to us.”
And Montreal has now won only once in last 27 away games – at Columbus on June 6. They've been unable to build on that in terms of results – they've picked up 1 of 12 available road points since.
In terms of performance, perhaps Montreal's second half can be built upon.
“I thought we played better today, after our mistakes,” Dominic Oduro said. “We've just got to keep doing that, play on the road like we did in the second half, and we should be good. I'm not saying that we can win every game on the road, but at least, we've got to get a point or something.”
How to Survive a Bad Day
Cam Adair Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 16, 2017
Friday sucked.
So I made the most of it.
Today I'm going to show you how.
We all have bad days. Sometimes it's within our control, sometimes it's not.
But how we respond is always within our control.
As Viktor Frankl says: “Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom.”
So Friday sucked. I'm not going to go into details on why that was, or what happened — it's not that important — but what is important is how I responded, and how you can do it too the next time something shitty happens in your life.
It involves four simple steps.
The first was shifting my priority to survival. I needed to survive the day. That was it. To survive the day, survive the next hour. Whatever it takes. Healing and recovery happens one day at a time, so when it's the hardest, survive the day. Tomorrow is a new day, and a good night's rest can work like magic.
Next, I committed to meeting myself with immense patience. My emotions were high, and that left for some awkward moments, but I was kind to myself. This wasn't a time to beat myself up, it was a time to allow myself to process the experience, whatever it was.
So often when we're experiencing heightened levels of emotion we sit there judging ourselves for feeling the way we do. In the paragraph above, I went to write “embarrassing” moments, but that was coming from a place of me judging myself for the situations I found myself in. By judging ourselves we only make the situation worse! Accept what is in this moment. What you resist, persists.
The third step is really important. I call it sending out the bat signal. Normally when a situation like this happens, I would isolate and keep it all to myself. I would hide from my friends and the world around me.
I wouldn't want people to see what I was going through… or I would be afraid that they would judge me.
Well… that hasn't worked so well in the past, and I know that isolating myself leads to my experience becoming worse, not better. So I sent out my bat signal, which really means texting a few friends I trust and rely on to be a support system in times like these.
Two friends called me right away, and letting those in my life know what's happening in my life allowed them to support me, and allowed me to know I wasn't alone.
The final step was to follow my highest excitement in the moment. We talked about this idea in episode 5 of the podcast with Adam Roa, but following your inspiration and finding flow helps a lot, especially when times are tough.
I had two flights to catch, so I spent both of them watching House of Cards. When I landed back in San Diego, I showered and went for tacos. I watched the NBA Finals game, talked on the phone with a friend, and spent time with my roommate.
I wasn't concerned about “being productive”… my definition of productivity on Friday was whatever felt most exciting in the moment.
Now let me state quickly… following your highest excitement in the moment may lead you to justify an unhealthy habit you have.
So here's your disclaimer:
The purpose of “following your highest excitement in the moment” is about finding flow. It's about finding inspiration that brings value to your life.
It's not about just checking out, escaping, numbing, or avoiding what's happening. It's not about putting your energy into something that causes self-destruction.
So I chose House of Cards, not League of Legends. And I'd encourage you to do it as well. Saturday morning I woke up, and went to the gym. Yesterday I hung out with my friends Adam and Azrya all day. Today I woke up, and went surfing.
Are you following me on Instagram?
Find the environments in your life (the activities and people) that bring value, instead of the opposite.
To survive a bad day, shift your priority, meet yourself with immense patience, send your “bat signal”, and find your highest excitement in the moment. By creating a container of self-care and leaning on those around you, you can overcome anything.
All of this would not be possible if..
.. I wasn't able to recognize what was happening on Friday, especially when it came to identifying my emotions and the fact that they were “higher” than usual.
Awareness creates choice. By identifying what was happening on Friday, in the moment, it became possible for me to make empowered decisions, instead of ones that would leave me in a worse place a few days later.
So how can you do this too?
The key is to improve your emotional intelligence. We all have emotions, and they come and go like the waves of the ocean. But learning to navigate them is essential for success in your life.
The journey you have been on to quit gaming, or another unhealthy habit in your life is a catalyst for you to grow in your understanding of your emotions. By becoming aware of what your emotions are — without judging them — you now have the power to choose your response.
Are you going to numb yourself by smoking pot? Escape by playing video games? Avoid by isolating yourself? Suppress by watching porn?
Or are you going to transition them into something that drives your motivation. That inspires action. And increases your capacity to empathize with the world around you?
A lot of our “bad habits” are unconscious patterns we're living in. So we experience an emotion (that we're not aware of), and that triggers a specific behavior we've been conditioned (or conditioned ourselves) into making. And all of this might be happening on autopilot… without us even being aware of it!
The choice is yours.
Editor's note: TED is a nonprofit organization dedicated to "Ideas worth spreading," which it makes available through talks posted on its website. Pariser is the former executive director of MoveOn.org, and the organization's current board president. Their new book is "The Filter Bubble: What the Internet is Hiding From You."
(CNN) -- With little notice or fanfare, the digital world is fundamentally changing. What was once an anonymous medium where anyone could be anyone -- where, in the words of the famous New Yorker cartoon, nobody knows you're a dog -- is now a tool for soliciting and analyzing our personal data.
According to one Wall Street Journal study, the top 50 Internet sites, from CNN to Yahoo to MSN, install an average of 64 data-laden cookies and personal tracking beacons each. Search for a word like "depression" on Dictionary.com, and the site installs up to 223 tracking cookies and beacons on your computer so that other Web sites can target you with antidepressants.
The new Internet doesn't just know you're a dog; it knows your breed and wants to sell you a bowl of premium kibble.
The race to know as much as possible about you has become the central battle of the era for Internet giants like Google, Facebook, Apple, and Microsoft. As Chris Palmer of the Electronic Frontier Foundation explained to me, "You're getting a free service, and the cost is information about you. And Google and Facebook translate that pretty directly into money."
While Gmail and Facebook may be helpful, free tools, they are also extremely effective and voracious extraction engines into which we pour the most intimate details of our lives.
As a business strategy, the Internet giants' formula is simple: The more personally relevant their information offerings are, the more ads they can sell, and the more likely you are to buy the products they're offering.
And the formula works. Amazon sells billions of dollars worth of merchandise by predicting what each customer is interested in and putting it in the front of the virtual store.
What the Internet is hiding from you
Up to 60% of Netflix's rentals come from the personalized guesses it can make about each customer's movie preferences -- and at this point, Netflix can predict how much you'll like a given movie within about half a star. Personalization is a core strategy for the top five sites on the Internet -- Yahoo, Google, Facebook, YouTube, and Microsoft Live -- as well as countless others.
It would be one thing if all this customization were just about targeted advertising. But personalization isn't just shaping what we buy. For a quickly rising percentage of us, personalized news feeds like Facebook are becoming a primary news source. Thirty-six percent of Americans under 30 get their news through social networking sites.
And personalization is shaping how information flows far beyond Facebook, as websites from Yahoo News to the New York Times-funded startup News.me cater their headlines to our particular interests and desires. It's influencing what videos we watch on YouTube and a dozen smaller competitors, and what blog posts we see.
It's affecting whose e-mails we get, which potential mates we run into on OK Cupid, and which restaurants are recommended to us on Yelp -- which means that personalization could easily have a hand not only in who goes on a date with whom, but in where they go and what they talk about. The algorithms that orchestrate our ads are starting to orchestrate our lives.
The basic code at the heart of the new Internet is pretty simple. The new generation of Internet filters looks at the things you seem to like -- the actual things you've done, or the things people similar to you like -- and tries to extrapolate. Together, these engines create a unique universe of information for each of us -- what I've come to call a filter bubble -- which fundamentally alters the way we encounter ideas and information.
Of course, to some extent we've always consumed media that appealed to our interests and avocations and ignored much of the rest. But the filter bubble introduces three dynamics we've never dealt with before:
First, you're alone in it. A cable channel that caters to a narrow interest (say, golf) has other viewers, with whom you share a frame of reference. But you're the only person in your bubble. In an age when shared information is the bedrock of shared experience, the filter bubble is a centrifugal force, pulling us apart.
Second, the filter bubble is invisible. Most viewers of conservative or liberal news sources know when they're going to a station curated to serve a particular political viewpoint. But Google's agenda is opaque. Google doesn't tell you who it thinks you are, or why it's showing you the results you're seeing. You don't know if its assumptions about you are right or wrong -- and you might not even know it's making assumptions about you in the first place.
Finally, you don't choose to enter the bubble. When you turn on Fox News or read The Nation, you're making a decision about what kind of filter to use to make sense of the world. It's an active process, and just as you would if you put on tinted glasses, you can guess how the editors' leaning shapes your perception. You don't make the same kind of choice with personalized filters. They come to you -- and because they drive up profits for the websites that use them, they'll become harder and harder to avoid.
The consequences of living in a bubble are becoming clear. Left to their own devices, personalization filters serve up a kind of invisible autopropaganda, indoctrinating us with our own ideas, amplifying our desire for things that are familiar, and leaving us oblivious to the dangers lurking in the dark territory of the unknown.
In the filter bubble, there's less room for the chance encounters that bring insight and learning. Creativity is often sparked by the collision of ideas from different disciplines and cultures. Combine an understanding of cooking and physics, and you get the nonstick pan and the induction stovetop. But if Amazon thinks I'm interested in cookbooks, it's not very likely to show me books about metallurgy. It's not just serendipity that's at risk.
By definition, a world constructed from the familiar is a world in which there's nothing to learn. If personalization is too acute, it could prevent us from coming into contact with the mind-blowing, preconception-shattering experiences and ideas that change how we think about the world and ourselves.
It's not too late to make sure that personalization avoids these traps. But to shift its course, we need more people to become educated about how and why the Web is being edited for them, and we need the companies doing this filtering to show us not just what we'll click most, but what we need to know. Otherwise, we could each find ourselves trapped in a bubble for one.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eli Pariser.
Several years ago I decided for a number of reasons to try to cut back on the amount of television appearances I was making to concentrate on writing and other activities that allow for more thoughtful development of ideas and the communication of more serious concepts, most recently through the development of this blog. However, following the failed Times Square car bombing incident I accepted a couple of invitations because of the gravity of the situation, including from my old interlocutors at the O'Reilly Factor on Fox News. An appearance on the program invariably generates considerable response, and this time was no exception, including the following question posed to me through the Ibishblog:
"Why is it that leaders of Islam do not speak out against such anti-Koran acts as suicide and murdering innocent people?"
Indeed, the very next morning on a return visit to Fox News I got the very same question from another interviewer who also asked me whether my organization would condemn the failed Times Square car bombing or not! One hardly knows whether to laugh or cry, and also where to begin with such kind of silliness, so my answer was simply to aver that no organization I was with had condemned the act because it goes without saying and it's a silly question. And yet it persists.
The idea that Muslims, especially Muslim leaders, in the United States and around the world, do not condemn terrorism has been one of the most persistent accusations in the post-9/11 era. Perhaps the most prominent and early of these attacks came from Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer who, in November 2001, asked
"after Sept. 11, where were the Muslim theologians and clergy, the imams and mullahs, rising around the world to declare that Sept. 11 was a crime against Islam? Where were the fatwas against Osama bin Laden? The voices of high religious authority have been scandalously still. And what of Muslim religious leaders in America?"
This alleged silence, it is implicitly or explicitly suggested, is in order to hide actual support for terrorism, and is a feature of the extremism and/or simply the lying inherent to Arab culture or built into Islam as a faith, according to Islamophobic discourse. Krauthammer‘s false accusation severed as a model for hundreds of similar tendentious questions over the following years, which remain impervious to all efforts to answer or address them, as my recent TV appearances again demonstrated.
In fact, of course, there had been a considerable outcry of condemnation around the Muslim world and particularly in the United States from the Muslim community, not only of the most recent outrage and 9/11, but of almost all the major terrorist acts in between. Yet once alleged, the question has persisted and never been resolved. The question continues to be routinely posed to Muslim-Americans: “why is your community silent about terrorism?” It has all the qualities of a trap question, in which answering invites one to accept self-defeating premises, a little like a politician being asked when they intend to stop beating theirs wife.
The answer, of course, is that the Muslim-American community is not silent about terrorism. Many public figures in this community, and all prominent national Muslim and Arab-American organizations, have been at great pains for many years to make this clear. All have continued to denounce terrorism, even to the point of organizing fatawa condemning terrorism in all its forms. Various websites including University of Michigan professor Juan Cole's blog "Informed Comment” and various other websites (here, here, here and here, for example) have long ago posted lists of condemnations from Muslim religious and other institutions around the world against terrorism, and specifically the 9/11 attacks. Yet all of this has been, in some quarters at least, to little or no avail, since the myth of silence still carries tremendous weight in American political culture and is widely believed.
Many of the more hostile critics of the Muslim community, for example, rejected a fatwa organized and promoted in 2005 by numerous leading American Muslim organizations that condemned terrorism in the name of Islam on the spurious grounds that its rejection of attacks on innocent civilians was a ruse. These rejections generally claim that, “the fatwa never defines ‘innocent lives' and condemns killing someone “unjustly,'” suggesting that the condemnation was a linguistic game and did not represent any serious effort to reject terrorism on religious grounds. Steven Emerson dismissed it as, “it is a fake fatwa designed merely to deceive the American public into believing that these groups are moderate.” Similarly, Walid Phares, among many others, critiqued a fatwa rejecting terrorism issued in 2008 by the Darool-Uloom Deoband on the grounds that, “Usama Bin Laden and Ayman Zawahiri, and to some extent Hassan Nasrallah, all claim that innocence is relative.” Robert Spencer dismissed the universal condemnation by American Muslim organizations of extremist converts arrested in New York City for planning violent attacks in 2009 as little more than “a tried-and-true tactic.”
Obviously, more needs to be said and done to combat violent tendencies among Muslim extremists by religious authorities, but the refusal to acknowledge worthy efforts in this regard and dismiss positive developments as meaningless and disingenuous suggests a political and emotional investment in the idea that mainstream Muslims do not or even cannot oppose terrorism and violence. That said, I do think more could and needs to be done, especially by religious leaders. But there are very positive signs. The senior-most Saudi Ulema Council of clerics last month adopted a thoroughgoing decision descriptively defining terrorism and criminalizing its financing. Interestingly, its definition of "terrorism" was broad in a manner very reminiscent of the FBI definition, which encompasses everything from 9/11 style acts to vandalism. And in March a highly respected British Imam, Sheikh Tahir ul-Qadr, issued the longest, most detailed and most thoroughgoing fatwa against terrorism and suicide bombing yet written. So the trend is most certainly in the right direction.
What has, however, troubled me for a long time and as I have continuously been complaining since at least 2004 is that while the mainstream Muslim clergy around the world has been quite good at taking a stand against terrorism generally, although not at communicating that to the non-Muslim world, there has been a most unfortunate tendency to try to make an exception for the Palestinian case on the grounds of self-defense and lack of any other options in combating occupation. Obviously, I reject any idea that combating occupation or having limited other options for armed combat can suddenly make illegitimate tactics legitimate. This point of view is, I think, less widespread than it used to be, but making moral exceptions for one's friends or certain exigent circumstances is, at best, a cynical political gesture and not a moral or religious position.
It's really very similar to those liberals, neoconservatives and other moralists who will wax eloquent about human rights and democracy in all contexts except the Israeli occupation and will give Israel a pass on whatever they think it needs to do in the occupied territories, or in Lebanon for that matter, in the name of "self-defense." It may be a natural human tendency to give our friends who we perceive to be in mortal peril a carte blanche to violate otherwise strictly universal moral principles, but it's not intellectually, morally or politically respectable or legitimate. But this rationalization is increasingly less common among Muslims globally, and by now (though this certainly wasn't true in the past) is very hard to locate among American Muslims here in the United States where I think the point about the illegitimacy and dangers of terrorist activity, including by Palestinians in the occupied territories, has been thoroughly assimilated and understood.
What is truly puzzling is not the “silence” of Muslim-Americans on the subject of terrorism, since there has been no such silence, but the inability or unwillingness of so many of their fellow citizens to hear their voices on this issue. The subtext to this discourse about an imaginary “silence” is the suggestion, implicit or explicit, that Muslim-Americans generally are supportive of certain terrorist groups or ambivalent about the morality of political murder. But when nothing the community organizations and leadership says on the subject registers and the message that Muslim-Americans are not only opposed to terrorism but have the same reactions to it that most Americans do, then “silence” can never be replaced with moral clarity, and nothing could dispel the clouds of suspicion, since the problem is not those who are supposedly mute but those who are deliberately deaf.
It is a common occurrence for Arab and Muslim Americans who engage with the media or other public figures within the community to be confronted with an atrocity, terrorist act or other misdeed by some Muslims somewhere in the world (the victims usually themselves being also Arabs and/or Muslims), and asked why the community in general has not specifically condemned that specific act. This is, of course, a preposterous question. There are approximately 1.3 billion Muslims in the world, one out of every five people (I got an Ibishblog question the other day questioning this statistic, but of course without any research on the part of the ignorant individual who simply expressed doubts because it didn't fit with their unresearched conceptualization of global demographics).
During the Iraq war, for example, Muslim-Americans have been frequently held to account, at least rhetorically, for crimes committed in Iraq by insurgents or terrorists opposed to the coalition or the new Iraqi governments. However, in reality every day in Iraq brings fresh horrors, and it is extremely unreasonable to expect organizations with a broad remit to react to every atrocity in a war made up mainly of atrocities. The question about why Muslim-Americans did not rush every day to condemn the daily outrages in that war – or other atrocities, especially those taking place in the Islamic world aimed at victims who are themselves Arabs and Muslims – only makes sense if one somehow identifies the community here with the killers and not with the victims, the implication being that the lack of denunciation implies sympathy with the terrorists. Why would Muslim-Americans be presumed to have a link to the Muslim killers because of presumed ethnicity or religious affiliation, but not to the Muslim victims? Condolences would seem more in order and than accusatory questions.
The discourse about denunciations and silence implicitly makes the 3-6 million or so Muslim-Americans (no one has any real clue as to the actual statistic) in some way responsible for every major crime or atrocity committed by one in five people in the entire world – at least until they say they are against it in each and every specific case. To forestall this kind of silly criticism, the community would have to hire a small team of professional denouncers, like the chorus in a Greek tragedy, to issue the daily condemnations of everything vile done by anyone of Muslim background anywhere in the world.
Sometimes silence reflects what should and must be taken for granted, not what is secretly believed. It goes without saying — and it is going to have to increasingly go without saying — that the overwhelming majority of Muslim-Americans oppose murder and terrorism in all their forms, and that they have the same values as most other Americans. Perhaps it was inevitable following a national trauma of scale of the 9/11 attacks, perpetrated by fanatics falsely claiming to be acting in the name of Islam, that Muslim-Americans would have to endure a period of undue suspicion, unfair questions and being asked to produce ritualized denunciations of horrors virtually every American opposes. But such a period cannot be open-ended and, more than eight years after the September 11 attacks, such questions and suspicions are no longer understandable. There is no excuse for being deaf to Muslim-American condemnations of terrorism, no justification for broad-based suspicion that Muslim-Americans are secretly supportive of extremism, and no need for any more rituals of denunciation on demand.
Officers shot and killed a man they said was brandishing a weapon in the parking lot of a Hialeah Marshalls, police said. NBC 6's Hank Tester reports. (Published Monday, Oct. 27, 2014)
Officers shot and killed a man they said was brandishing a weapon in the parking lot of a Hialeah Marshalls, police said.
Hialeah Police said they were called to the parking lot of a Marshalls at 1700 W 49th Street at about 12:30 p.m. Monday after reports of a suspicious man.
The man, John Wesley Helvie, 45, confronted officers with a weapon or weapons, police said, but it was not immediately clear what kind of weapons the man was carrying.
Hialeah Police Spokesman Carl Zogby said the officers felt it was necessary to defend themselves, so they shot and killed the man.
Video Nurse in NJ Ebola Quarantine Released From Hospital
"The information they had was they were armed and dangerous," Zogby said. "Officers say they were forced to fire."
No further details were immediately available.
For Rob Henderson, 34, a truck driver from Oakham near Rutland working for the haulage firm Knights of Old, the pressure to stop migrants entering vehicles and increasing delays has become a terrible burden.
“It's getting to a stage where personally I question whether it is worthwhile doing this job because we're in a Catch 22 situation,” they said as a dozen or so migrants hovered around their vehicle seeking a way in.
“If I get out here, I might face confrontation, if I don't do anything I might get fined back in the UK if they find migrants on board.”
But they said they had no intention of getting out of their cab.
“It's got to a stage where, given that these guys carry knives on them, and are slashing curtains and stuff like that, nine times out of ten you're better staying in your cab - it's just not worth the effort,” they said.
“The migrants are definitely getting more aggressive. If you clap your horn to warn the driver in front, they start smashing their bloody hands on the window, making insulting signs with their hands, smack your wing mirror.”
Mr Henderson had been waiting six hours to reach the Channel tunnel when they spoke to the Telegraph.
They have been trucking for the past three years. They said it was commonplace to see migrants climbing under the axles of lorry trailers and the driver “having to get out and drag them out", but the situation over the past 24 hours had been particularly dire.
• Calais crisis: Fears Isil may use migrant chaos to slip jihadists in to UK - live
“What we're seeing is the backlog from yesterday,” they told the Telegraph. “Normally you can get in virtually straight away, but given the strike issue the day before with trains cancelled, we've got this build up.”
Rob Henderson in their cab (Laurent Villeret/The Telegraph)
“This is not normal. The tailback is at least 12 or 13 miles. I've got another two or three hours to go. With a bit of luck I'll be home for dinner.”
• Calais chaos: Migrants and strikers disrupt Channel crossings, in pictures
“At the end of the day, we're just trying to make a living and shouldn't have to deal with all this.”
They said drivers tried to help each other by driving bumper to bumper in slow traffic. “We try to get up really close to the vehicle in front to stop migrants opening the back door, and you hope and pray that the guy behind you will do the same,” they said.
Migrants sit and wait near Mr Henderson's lorry (bottom left)
Mr Henderson said they and colleagues were angry and frustrated that more was not being done on both sides of the Channel to keep migrants away from the lorries.
A man attempts to open the back doors of a lorry (Laurent Villeret/The Telegraph)
My concern is that I pay my taxes, the government gives up the money or passes it to the French government, and nothing is really happening. We're like sitting ducks here. They are quite able to freely walk around, have a look at the vehicles, where are the police, where is this money being given across?”
Climbing over boxes in the back of a lorry (Laurent Villeret/The Telegraph)
They said they were not optimistic about the future. “I think it's a vicious circle now and can't see any easy win or solution going forward.”
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
In less than two years, the United States will open its commercial airspace to drones, allowing these “unmanned aerial vehicles” to zip over American cities along with planes and helicopters. Tech enthusiasts, entrepreneurs, and law enforcement agencies are intrigued by the possibilities—burrito drones! And the roughly $6-billion-a-year drone industry has launched a lobbying offensive to ensure Federal Aviation Administration regulations are as broad and permissive as possible. But lawmakers and civil liberties groups are concerned about the privacy implications and potential safety issues, and at least nine states have passed laws restricting drone use by law enforcement, private citizens, or both.
While drones were never banned in the United States, up until now their use has been strictly limited, with the FAA distributing a few hundred permits to researchers and law enforcement. But Congress has ordered the agency to open commercial airspace to a wide variety of unmanned vehicles by late 2015. And when it does, drones are bound to proliferate. The FAA anticipates there could be as many as 30,000 drones hurtling through US airspace by 2020.
Civil liberties advocates worry this trend could lead to abuses, with law enforcement agencies conducting unnecessary surveillance, especially given the lack of federal regulation governing the use of drones for law enforcement purposes. (At this point, it's not even clear whether police need a warrant to collect data on people using drones). “It's a core value in our society that the government doesn't watch us and collect information about innocent people,” says Allie Bohm, an advocacy and policy strategist for the ACLU. “We need rules so that we can enjoy the benefits of this technology without becoming closer to a surveillance state.”
Politicians on both sides of the aisle share these concerns, and the FAA has promised it will take them into consideration during the rulemaking process. It plans to test privacy practices as part of its six-state pilot program, which will begin after the sites are chosen later this year. In the meantime, states are forging ahead with legislation that bars police from using drones, or at least using them without a warrant. A few states, including Texas, have also passed laws restricting private citizens from taking photos or videos with drones, while allowing law enforcement and other groups, such as licensed real estate brokers, to do so.
Our map above—which we will continue to update, with help from the National Conference of State Legislatures and the ACLU—shows which states have passed laws restricting drone use. Other states have drone legislation pending, so check with your legislature to see if a surveillance drone is coming to your hometown anytime soon.
Waveform, the UK's leading electronic music festival, is back and bigger, whilst maintaining that magic vibe we know you all love…and still green of course!
Waveform 2nd – 4th September 2011
Waveform 2011 is all about keeping the same wondrous vibe and cutting edge electronic music, whilst upping the conscious element in preparation for 2012. They have found a beautiful new site at Taunton Racecourse, in Somerset.
Waveform is back for its fifth birthday at a brand-new location. With all the usual suspects and a whole new crowd to tantalise your music tastes. Waveform has a policy of picking a new area of the country every year and inviting local collectives to join in the fun. This way local promoters can experience the outdoors way and give their supporters an experience they'll never forget.
Waveform is known and respected not only for its cutting edge dance but also being the only sustainable dance event in the UK: “We're proud of our green credentials” says Bruce Elliott-Smith (director of Waveform,) “every year we try and bring just a little more to the event. We aim to educate by example. Show people it's not hard to have a good time and become a little bit greener.”
This year's Green Village is being hosted by the renowned group, Worldshift Media. There will also be a full programme of talks, workshops, saunas, showers, healing, therapies and organic food to feed the mind, body and soul in the Green Village. Inside the Green arena for 2011 we will have lots of exciting, new and innovative entertainment for you. During the day the Village really comes alive: “People are always keen to try out something new at a Festival, be it a massage, yoga or just sitting and listening to one of our workshops.” A yoga teacher explains with a smile on their face.
But dance is what Waveform is really all about and over the years they have grown into a respected, award winning event. Three names synonymous to the event are Tribe of Frog with their Psychedelic decor, UV & fluro backdrops and lighting, which set the scene for groundbreaking Psy-trance. Archangel with its clean cut decor, top line DJs and a quality of sound unheard of at outdoor events. Bringing up the rear but by no means in last place is Alpha Omega, probably London's premiere dance event. Nothing more needs to be said about these guys apart from WOW!
With many more stages, collectives & activities still to be announced, Waveform is promising to be one of this year's ‘Can't miss' events. PsypressUK will be publishing the line-ups as soon as they are ready.
Luxury Teepee camping available, Solar showers, organic food & drink.
Tickets available direct from www.waveformfestival.com with no booking fee.
Ticket prices: Early Bird 2 £85= bf
Standard: £99+ bf
On the gate £105
Car Parking £10
Vans £25
General Enquiries: info@waveformfestival.com
A Chinese ship that spent nine days stranded on the Great Barrier Reef gouged a three-kilometre (two-mile) scar in the coral that could take decades to recover, a top expert said on Tuesday.
David Wachenfeld, chief scientist at the body overseeing the heritage-listed marine park, said the Shen Neng 1 coal carrier had been grinding against and crushing the reef after it veered off course and smashed into it on April 3.
Officials have expressed anger over the incident and accused the crew of the ship, which was refloated late on Monday and towed away, of taking an illegal route.
“This is by far the largest ship grounding scar we have seen on the Great Barrier Reef to date,” Wachenfeld told public broadcaster ABC.
“This vessel did not make an impact in one place and rest there and then was pulled off. This scar is more in the region of three kilometres long and up to 250 metres (yards) wide.”
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd called the accident, which also leaked about two tonnes of fuel oil into the pristine seas, an “absolute outrage”.
“It is still an absolute outrage that this vessel could've landed on the Great Barrier Reef,” they said. “We will leave no stone unturned when it comes to finding out how that happened.”
An approaching storm hurried authorities into refloating the 230-metre (750 feet) ship — the length of two football pitches — after nightfall on Monday. They pumped compressed air into its bunkers and pulled it free using tugboats.
Officials said the rescue had been carried out without adding to the initial oil spill, which created a three-kilometre slick.
Divers were due to assess damage to the ship, still carrying 68,000 tonnes of China-bound coal, which has been towed to a nearby island.
But concern on Tuesday focused on the plight of the reef, which was also left plastered with toxic anti-fouling paint from the ship's hull.
Divers “have found significant scarring and coral damage. They've also found quite a lot of anti-fouling (paint) spread across the reef,” Russell Reichelt, chairperson of the marine park authority, told ABC radio.
“It is a concern because it's designed to be toxic and stop things growing on ships. We've already seen observations where anti-fouling paint that's been scraped off onto the reef is killing corals in its vicinity.”
Officials have promised to investigate allegations that ships have been taking short-cuts through the world's biggest reef, which covers 344,000 square kilometres (137,600 square miles) off the east coast and is a major tourist draw.
On Monday, three crew members from another large carrier appeared in court on charges of entering a restricted part of the reef without permission, and were bailed to reappear on Friday.
Conservationists say the incidents highlight the risk to Australia's environment posed by rocketing resource exports to Asia, which are fuelling a strong recovery from the global financial crisis.
The reef, which is visible from space and is one of the world's foremost ecological treasures, has already come under pressure from rising sea temperatures and pollution.
Dr. Yousaf Butt is a senior advisor to the British American Security Information Council and director at the Cultural Intelligence Institute. The views expressed here are their own.
LONDON -- The horrific terrorist attacks on the Charlie Hebdo weekly in Paris have led to speculation as to whether the killers -- the brothers Chérif and Saïd Kouachi -- were lone wolves or tied to masterminds in ISIS or its rival, Al-Qaeda. Although Al-Qaeda in Yemen has taken credit for the attack, it is unclear how closely the affiliate actually directed the operation. No matter which organizational connections (if any) ultimately prove to be real, one thing is clear: the fountainhead of Islamic extremism that promotes and legitimizes such violence lies with the fanatical "Wahhabi" strain of Islam centered in Saudi Arabia. And if the world wants to tamp down and eliminate such violent extremism, it must confront this primary host and facilitator.
Perversely, while the Saudi Ambassador to Lebanon Ali Awad Asiri took part in a "Je suis Charlie" solidarity rally in Beirut following the Paris attacks, back home the Saudi blogger Raif Badawi received the first 50 of 1,000 lashes they are due each Friday over the next 20 weeks. Their crime? Running a liberal website promoting the freedom of speech. (Thankfully, in recent days it seems the Saudi authorities have buckled to international pressure and suspended the sentence.)
It would be troublesome but perhaps acceptable for the House of Saud to promote the intolerant and extremist Wahhabi creed just domestically. But, unfortunately, for decades the Saudis have also lavishly financed its propagation abroad. Exact numbers are not known, but it is thought that more than $100 billion have been spent on exporting fanatical Wahhabism to various much poorer Muslim nations worldwide over the past three decades. It might well be twice that number. By comparison, the Soviets spent about $7 billion spreading communism worldwide in the 70 years from 1921 and 1991.
This appears to be a monumental campaign to bulldoze the more moderate strains of Islam, and replace them with the theo-fascist Saudi variety. Despite being well aware of the issue, Western powers continue to coddle the Saudis or, at most, protest meekly from time to time.
For instance, a Wikileaks cable clearly quotes then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton saying "donors in Saudi Arabia constitute the most significant source of funding to Sunni terrorist groups worldwide." They continue: "More needs to be done since Saudi Arabia remains a critical financial support base for al-Qaeda, the Taliban, LeT and other terrorist groups." And it's not just the Saudis: Qatar, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates are also implicated in the memo. Other cables released by Wikileaks outline how Saudi front companies are also used to fund terrorism abroad.
Evidently, the situation has not improved since Hillary Clinton was secretary of state. Late last year, Vice President Biden caused a stir by undiplomatically speaking the truth at an event at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government, saying:
"Our allies in the region were our largest problem in Syria. The Turks were great friends... [and] the Saudis, the Emirates, etcetera. What were they doing?.... They poured hundreds of millions of dollars and tens of tons of weapons into anyone who would fight against Assad -- except that the people who were being supplied, [they] were al-Nusra, and al-Qaeda, and the extremist elements of jihadis who were coming from other parts of the world."
More recently, the Saudi role in promoting extremism has come under renewed scrutiny. Calls for declassifying the redacted 28 pages of the 9/11 congressional commission have been getting stronger. And statements from the lead author of the report, former Florida Sen. Bob Graham, suggest they are being hidden because they "point a very strong finger at Saudi Arabia as the principal financier" of the 9/11 hijackers. They have been unusually explicit, "Saudi Arabia has not stopped its interest in spreading extreme Wahhabism. ISIS...is a product of Saudi ideals, Saudi money and Saudi organizational support, although now they are making a pretense of being very anti-ISIS."
In fact, Saudi blogger Raif Badawi's wife, Ensaf Haidar, made a similar observation about their husband's flogging: "the Saudi government is behaving like Daesh [a derogatory Arabic term for ISIS]." About 2,500 Saudis are thought to be in ISIS' ranks.
Ensaf Haidar's quip exposes a deeper truth. One could reasonably argue that the House of Saud is simply a more established and diplomatic version of ISIS. It shares the extremist Wahhabi theo-fascism, the lack of human rights, intolerance, violent beheadings etc. -- but with nicer buildings and roads. If ISIS were ever to become an established state, after a few decades one imagines it might resemble Saudi Arabia.
How does Saudi Arabia go about spreading extremism? The extremist agenda is not always clearly government-sanctioned, but in monarchies where the government money is spread around to various princes, there is little accountability for what the royal family does with their government funds. Much of the funding is via charitable organizations and is not military-related.
The money goes to constructing and operating mosques and madrassas that preach radical Wahhabism. The money also goes to training imams; media outreach and publishing; distribution of Wahhabi textbooks, and endowments to universities and cultural centers. A cable released by Wikileaks explains, regarding just one region of Pakistan:
Government and non-governmental sources claimed that financial support estimated at nearly 100 million USD annually was making its way to Deobandi and Ahl-e-Hadith clerics in the region from "missionary" and "Islamic charitable" organizations in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates ostensibly with the direct support of those governments.
Although the Wahhabi curriculum was modified after the 9/11 attacks, it remains backward and intolerant. Freedom House published a report on the revised curriculum, concluding that it "continues to propagate an ideology of hate toward the 'unbeliever,' which include Christians, Jews, Shiites, Sufis, Sunni Muslims who do not follow Wahhabi doctrine, Hindus, atheists and others." This is taught not only domestically but also enthusiastically exported abroad.
Of course, initially there was complicity with the U.S. and Pakistan in promoting this ideology to counter the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. In addition to the radical indoctrination, thousands of volunteer jihadis from Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries were also dispatched to fight alongside the mujahideen in Afghanistan. But it remains a complicated problem to this day because the politicians in the poor countries getting the Saudi and Gulf-Arab funds approve these extremist madrassas in part because the local authorities likely receive kickbacks.
In many places in poor Muslim countries the choice is now between going to an extremist madrassa or getting no education at all. Poverty is exploited to promote extremism. The affected areas include Pakistan, Indonesia, the Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand, India and parts of Africa. The same Wikileaks cable explains:
The network reportedly exploited worsening poverty in these areas of the province to recruit children into the divisions' growing Deobandi and Ahl-eHadith madrassa network from which they were indoctrinated into jihadi philosophy, deployed to regional training/indoctrination centers, and ultimately sent to terrorist training camps in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA).
The more tolerant indigenous versions of Islam cannot survive in the face of the tsunami of money being poured into promoting theo-fascist Wahhabism. This is a major problem that the Muslim world must urgently address.
But it is also a problem where the West can help by stopping its historical pandering and support of Middle East tyrants who spread this extremism. The most fundamental way to make the message clear to the House of Saud would be to threaten to stop buying oil from them. Given the relatively cheap oil prices these days it need not be an empty threat.
Eliminating the occasional militant leaders in drone and special-forces strikes is of limited use in reducing extremism if millions of radicals are being actively trained in Wahhabi madrassas across the Muslim world.
The fight against ISIS and Al-Qaeda is deeply ironic since these organizations were created and are sustained, in part, by funds we hand over to the Saudis and Gulf Arab nations to purchase their oil. And while France mourns its cartoonists and police officers, the French government is busy signing military and nuclear deals worth billions with the Saudis. If we continue down this road, it may well be a never-ending war.
The House of Saud works against the best interests of the West and the Muslim world. Muslim communities worldwide certainly need to eradicate fanatical Wahhabism from their midst, but this will be difficult, if not impossible, to accomplish if the West continues its support of the House of Saud. The monarchy must be modernized and modified -- or simply uprooted and replaced. The House of Saud needs a thorough house cleaning.
It's a collaboration which should unite the East and West through music but instead it's dividing men and women in Saudi Arabia.
US hip hop artist Nelly and Algerian singer Cheb Khaled are scheduled to perform a concert in Jeddah on 14 December.
But the event is open to men only and although the response has been overwhelmingly positive, some women in the country are angry.
On social media they questioned why they were being excluded from the concert organised by the Saudi privately-owned TV channel MBC Action and supported by Saudi Arabia's General Entertainment Authority.
On Instagram a disappointed post by @kidshop_ksa read: "ليش بس رجال". Which translates to: "Why is it male only?"
Another user made the same observation on Nelly's own Instagram post of the event: "Its so sad that girls are not allowed to be there and see you💔💔💔💔💔💔"
Others suggested that as the rapper had been arrested for marijuana possession in 2015 and accused of sexual assault last month they should not be allowed to perform.
Despite charges for drugs possession, for which they did not serve time in jail, Nelly has always denied the allegations of rape made by a college student and has not been charged.
You may also like
Not everyone was enthusiastic about the concert. One Twitter user posted: "God please do not hold us responsible for the actions of the foolish among us. What is even worse are the girls who are demanding to attend."
While another tweeted a preference for Ariana Grande to perform instead.
It is not the first time a major US artist has been invited to perform to a male-only crowd.
In May country music singer Toby Keith appeared in Riyadh during the same weekend that President Trump visited.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Toby Keith performed at a free concert in Riyadh in May with traditional Saudi singer Rabeh Sager
That concert was open just to men aged 21 and over, who were required to dress in traditional Saudi tunics.
Some reports suggested that Keith, whose musical repertoire includes songs like Whiskey Girl and I Love This Bar, was asked to tone down some of the content in a country where alcohol is banned.
It is not clear whether Nelly will be asked to do the same given that their most popular song, Hot in Herre, asks women to remove their clothes.
Traditionally large public events like concerts have been restricted in the Kingdom partly due to its strict morality laws regarding alcohol prohibition, modest clothing and gender segregation.
Most public places including restaurants and cafes have two sections, one for just men and one for families, which are for women and their husbands and families.
Some malls even have women-only floors where men are not allowed to enter. However recently Saudi Arabia has been taking steps to portray itself as a modernising country.
Image copyright General Entertainment Authority Image caption The General Entertainment Authority arranged for its first ever Comic Con in Saudi Arabia in Jeddah in February
Last year Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman backed the establishment of the Kingdom's General Entertainment Authority. It's part of its Vision 2030 plan to expand the economy beyond its reliance on oil.
However, the authority's plans face regular push back. When it organised the recent National Day celebrations both women and men were permitted to attend and mix together. But there was a backlash by Saudi clerics and conservative members of society.
Similar criticism was made when it organised its first Comic Con convention in February.
So perhaps the decision to make it male-only is a compromise which allows entertainment to thrive but avoids resistance by conservative groups.
Additional reporting by Lina Shaikhouni, BBC Monitoring
A couple of years ago we heard news that 50% of all vertebrate species had disappeared in 40 years. On Thursday, we were greeted with news that by 2020 the figure is likely to rise to 66% of all vertebrates. It is no wonder that the conservationists are shouting. It is no wonder that they are so desperate to get their message heard. Animals, it seems, are on the way out. And no one appears to much care.
Worst of times for the butterfly Read more
So, allow me to entertain the idea of a post-animal Britain. Could we make the best of this world, in true Theresa May fashion? Are animals, perhaps, all a bit overrated? Maybe it wouldn't be so bad?
Sure, there would be some tough choices at first. One particularly pressing matter would be finding a way to cross-pollinate flowering crops. As is well known, trees and insects co-evolved, the plants offering a sugary reward to insects in return for their pollination services. How might we achieve this without bees and flies? Simple. The problem of cross-fertilisation could quite simply be solved by robots or people on day release from jail (or even children who don't get into grammar schools). They could be made to hand-fertilise flowers. They could be like little unthinking bees.
Indeed, hand-fertilisation is already common practice in some parts of the world, where invertebrate populations have already been ravaged. Think of the savings of such a plan! Robots don't need sugary water produced by plants, after all. They run on cheap oil and gas, which there's plenty of, forever. Without invertebrates, everyone wins, right?
More seriously, there could be other benefits. Think of climate change. Global emissions of CO 2 would be greatly reduced without them, seeing that the gas that sprouts forth from farm animals accounts for 15% of human-caused global CO 2 emissions. So that would be good. We won't even miss the farm animals either, since it seems increasingly likely that we will be 3D printing our dinners in the future. Indeed, lab-grown meat is already becoming a very real prospect, which means that sheep and pigs and chickens, all very costly to run, could disappear quite happily.
And pets, too. Pets can go. They contribute to global emissions as well. If we were to get rid of them, within two generations the very notion of having a pet would probably end up being absurd. The very idea that some houses had cats that would warm a person's lap while they watched Netflix could seem almost perverted to our great-great-grandchildren whose idea of having a meaningful relationship with an animal would, by then, involve tossing 35 Pokéballs at an imaginary one while sitting on the toilet.
It's not all rosy, however. I'm the first to admit that there would be problems in a post-animal world. Sure, green algal blooms would cover the entire face of the planet – most of the land and sea – and all plants would remain uncropped and there would be the stench of scavenging fungus which would come to fill the niche left by Earth's animal decomposers. But we can handle a bit of a whiff or maybe get a man in to fix this for us or something. Oh, and the crops wouldn't grow because there would be no worms to oxygenate the soil. And the soil communities – tiny nematode worms and mites – would die so the soil would essentially be dead and likely to blow away, being completely unsuitable for any forms of crops. But … let's not get bogged down in the details, OK? Again, children and robots can probably fill this role. It'll be fine.
For there is another bonus to living in a world without animals. It is simple. Imagine the ego-boost that would come from being the only animals to survive a mass extinction event. Imagine being the pinch point. You and me. We could be the masters of a mass extinction so enormous that all future life on Earth might be a descendent of us. Imagine, in 50m years, little rat humans and little pig humans and little humans that feast upon wetland grasses poisoned by a film of toxic bacteria. Imagine little fungus-eating humans, gorging upon the silent forests of stinking colourless mushrooms that thrive on rotting, uneaten trees. Imagine little cat humans that can warm your lap while watching Netflix. That sounds great, doesn't it? We could be surrounded by animals shaped in our own image. We could be gods, essentially.
It may sound surreal, but conservationists, I believe, imagine this world quite a bit. They consider this human world, and what it would be like without animals in it. A silent world where it's all about us and what industry can do – where there's no escape from humanity. A world where the only sounds are human-made and the only colours are factory-made is not an Earthly place, to me at least.
So perhaps it's time, finally, that we started considering the worst if only for a few moments every now and then. Perhaps it will make us listen that bit harder the next time statistics like these are published by conservationists. Because this is a real decline. This is a real trend. This is what mass extinctions look like from the inside. An animal world becoming less animal by the day. So, which world do you like best: ours or theirs?
Beginning next week, people in the Halifax area can trade their guns and ammunition for transit tickets.
The new two-week gun amnesty program is in response to a recent rash of gun violence, although there seems to be little evidence that it will reduce violent crime.
Anyone who hands in an unwanted firearm will be given 50 bus passes.
Despite several councilors calling the incentive a joke, Halifax Regional Council unanimously agreed to begin the program on Monday.
“Which allows people to come forward, that maybe have a gun, that they're concerned about and that they're actually able to bring forward that they're not then penalized,” says HRM councillor Jennifer Watts.
It's not the first time an incentive like this has been tried in the HRM. A 2009 program called ‘Pixels for Pistols' offered residents an incentive of a digital camera. That program brought in more than 1,000 guns and 10,000 rounds of ammunition.
“That was an effort to try and encourage more citizens who had unwanted firearms to turn them in for destruction, and certainly the most significant amnesty we've had,” says Halifax Regional Police Staff Sgt. Scott MacDonald. “There's no doubt at all that when a gun is turned in, that particular gun cannot be used in the commission of the crime.”
In 2015, more than 500 firearms were collected across the province, without any incentive.
Critics say bus tickets are not enough to make a difference in the lives of people involved in gun violence.
“For the rural residents, it would have no benefit of bus tickets. That's why I think a cash option would be much better,” says HRM councillor David Hendsbee.
HRM public safety staff admit this is not a miracle solution.
“Data shows us that gun amnesty programs don't necessarily take care of the violence,” says HRM public safety advisor Ted Upshaw.
And in light of recent violence, councillors say they want to show they're doing everything possible.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Sarah Ritche.
It is often claimed that American corporate tax rates are much-higher than our international peers, and that this has harmed U.S. corporations' competitiveness. However, these claims are both factually incorrect and economically meaningless. On the facts, while the statutory corporate tax rate in the United States is 35 percent, after loopholes and deductions, the effective tax rate that corporations pay is only 14 percent. On the economics, even if U.S. corporations were paying higher taxes than their international peers, cutting these rates will do nothing to help the vast majority of American families, but will exacerbate inequality by boosting the post-tax incomes of owners and managers of corporations.
To help most American families, corporate tax proposals should focus on increasing, not decreasing, the taxes paid by corporations. The corporate tax system is so riddled with loopholes that it raises far too little revenue and doesn't contribute enough to the need of the federal government to honor existing commitments to social insurance, income support, and public investment. If policymakers are going to push corporate “tax reform,” they should focus on requiring corporations to pay their fair share of taxes.
For more on how cutting corporate taxes will hurt American families, read EPI's recent research.
THE SINN FÉIN finance spokesperson, Pearse Doherty, has said that although the Anglo Tapes story is in the public interest the leak of the recordings to the Irish Independent needs to be investigated by gardaí.
Doherty was responding to the leak of controversial recordings of senior Anglo executives discussing getting financial support from the Central Bank in the weeks before the controversial bank guarantee of September 2008.
The tapes have led to widespread condemnation of the now defunct Anglo with calls for an inquiry by the Oireachtas intensifying in recent days.
Doherty said today that the principle of leaks being investigated needs to be honoured in this case.
“Look, if that was a leak about any citizen then it would be investigated and I think, yes, under the principle I think it needs to be investigated. I think that that's normal practice,” Doherty told TheJournal.ie.
“The gardaí need to ensure that information that is in their possession is not being leaked to citizens… including journalists. “But in my view, as I want to say again, that story was in the public interest and I commend the Irish Independent for providing the information.”
The journalist who broke the story, the Irish Independent's Paul Williams has not revealed their source but told Newstalk's Lunchtime programme on Tuesday that the two tapes were posted to them at their office anonymously.
Doherty said: “I think despite the fact that this was in the public interest, you have to be consistent and it should be investigated.”
They also criticised what they said was the “drip, drip feed” of information from the tapes, saying that the public would prefer if the Irish Independent had released all of the recordings in one go.
“Obviously a journalist has to sell papers,” they said. “I think the public would like to see, not a drip, drip feed and kept on a leash by the newspaper in releasing these tapes, but [that they] release what's there as quickly as possible.
“But it is a service to the public by releasing these tapes.”
They also said that the government had questions to answer about whether similar recordings exist from other institutions that have gone under including Irish Nationwide, saying these are “serious questions” that their party would seek answers to.
Soon, we will enter a new name into the history books: Donald J. Trump, the real estate mogul and entertainer who began their campaign with a screed against Latin American immigrants and who grew in popularity as they promised Americans that they would seal off the country from Mexico.
The nomination of Mr. Trump by the Republican Party will endure in the memory of Latinos in this country for generations to come. Our future historians will write about the Trump campaign and the nativist anger it unleashed with the same sense of hurt that African-Americans feel when they look back on the cruelties of Jim Crow, and that Asian-Americans experience as they contemplate the injustice of the Chinese Exclusion Act.
The Republican convention that began Monday in Cleveland with an hour of testimony about the innocent blood spilled by “illegal aliens” only deepened the insult. Each speaker served as an echo of the words Mr. Trump uttered a year ago when announcing their candidacy at Trump Tower in New York: “When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best,” they said. “They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists.”
“Only Trump mentions Americans killed by illegals,” said one of the convention speakers, Jamiel Shaw Sr., whose son was murdered by an immigrant in Los Angeles in 2008. “Trump is sent from God.”
Some 11 million people live in the United States as undocumented immigrants. Many speak English as their primary language, and nearly all pay federal and local taxes. But in the vision offered by the Republican Party this week, they are a scourge murdering Border Patrol officers, or unlicensed drivers who drink to excess and kill American citizens.
“No one listened until Donald Trump,” said another speaker, Sabine Durden, whose son died in a 2012 road collision involving an immigrant driver. “Build the wall, and Americans need to come first.”
Anti-GMO activist Rachel Parent got in a spirited debate with Kevin O'Leary on CBC's "The Lang And O'Leary Exchange" Wednesday night.
Parent, who scored the debate after a speech they gave critical of O'Leary's comments about GMOs was featured on HuffPost Canada, argued genetically-modified foods should be labelled in Canada and the United States. Europe, Japan, Australia and other nations require GMO labels, but Canada and the U.S. do not.
O'Leary was quick to suggest Parent is essentially operating as a lobbyist for anti-GMO groups and said changes to the DNA of crops will save lives.
"Let's say you weren't as lucky as you are, you were born in an Asian country, you're 14 years old, your only food was rice that had no vitamin A in it, you're going blind and then you died," O'Leary said. "Five-hundred-and-fifty-thousand people your age die that way every year. And a company like Monsanto could come along and offer you a genetically-modified rice that includes vitamin A that could save your eyesight and your life."
Parent was unfazed.
"Golden rice was scrapped because it didn't work. And in order for the average 11-year-old boy to get enough vitamin A from rice they would have to eat 27 bowls of rice per day," they said. "The reason there is blindness isn't because there is a lack of vitamin A in the rice, it's because their diets are simply rice."
O'Leary asserted that golden rice is still being tested and that we shouldn't put limits on science that could potentially alleviate the world's hunger problems.
Parent acknowledged that we shouldn't completely ban companies from growing GMO crops, but said non-industry groups and government need to do more testing and that we need mandatory labeling laws so consumers can choose for themselves. The teen activist said most testing is currently done by the very corporations that stand to profit from using GMOs.
Monsanto's longest health trial on GMOs lasted 90 days, according to Parent.
O'Leary pointed out that long-term tests are underway, via the introduction of GMOs into the general food supply.
Roughly 90 per cent of the corn, cotton and soy planted in the United States is genetically modified, Lang said, before chiming in with what was probably the highlight of the segment
"We're the lab rats," the host said.
O'Leary said they were worried Parent was becoming a "shill" for anti-GMO groups because they are young and articulate and doesn't actually understand the science. Lang subsequently tried to soften O'Leary's "shill" accusation, saying the show had no evidence for the claim.
While the debate didn't do much to change either combatant's position on GMOs, it did give an excellent primer on the issues surrounding the explosion of foods with DNA altered to include characteristics from other organisms.
What do you think? Do you worry about unknowingly eating GMO foods? Share your thoughts in the comments below.
Also on HuffPost
Gun sales in Austria, Switzerland, and the Czech Republic are rising and recent terror attacks across Europe are cited as a “general” cause behind the increase.
Some of the recent attacks were perpetrated with firearms–consider Charlie Hebdo (January 7, 2015) and the Bataclan concert hall and other Paris locations (November 13, 2015). Other attacks were carried out with knives and/or machetes–consider London's Leytonstone Station (December 5, 2015), Magnanville, France (June 13, 2016), and the attack on a priest in Saint-Etienne-du-Rouvray (July 26, 2016). Still more attacks were carried out with unorthodox weapons–consider the truck attack in Nice (July 14, 2016), which took the lives of 84 innocents and left more than 200 others injured. And many other attacks could be listed.
The point is clear–Europeans face a danger that is no long external; perpetrators are among them and ready to attack at any time. And one of the results of these attacks, and the trepidation over future ones, appears to be a new appreciation for self-defense.
According to Reuters, a surge in gun sales is particularly visible in Austria, Switzerland, and the Czech Republic. Hanspeter Kruesi–“a police spokesperson in the Swiss canton of St. Gallen”–said, “There's no official explanation for the rise [in gun sales], but in general we see a connection to Europe's terrorist attacks.”
A 55-year-old Swiss resident who just bought guns for the first time in their life suggested the sense of insecurity created by the attacks was their motivation. Wishing to remain anonymous, the Swiss resident said, “Buying weapons for self-defense won't protect you from terrorist attacks. Nevertheless these attacks are contributing to a subjective sense of threat, as is the rising pressure from migration and the high crime rate among migrants from the Maghreb.”
And Daniel Wyss–a gun shop owner and president of the Swiss Weapons Dealers' Association–said, “Nobody says directly: I'm buying a gun because of the attacks in Nice or Munich. But the sum of these events has fostered a general feeling of vulnerability.”
In the Czech Republic, president Milos Zeman is actively encouraging gun ownership. Zeman told Nova TV, “Citizens should be able to arm themselves … in order to be able to act against these terrorists.”
Breitbart News reported that the Alternative for Germany party leader, Frauke Petry, is also defending private gun ownership as a necessary response to the Islamist threat throughout Europe. They stand against any action in Germany that would make it harder for law-abiding citizens to acquire weapons for self-defense.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com
The women's heavyweight division has been much talked about recently, especially after this past Saturday when the number 1 heavyweight fighter in the world Gabi Garcia defeated Yumiko Hotta via a round one TKO. The video of the “fight” went viral across the internet for all the wrong reasons.
31 year old Gabi Garcia (4-0-0) is a Brazilian heavyweight fighter who is signed to the promotion RIZIN FF (the former owners of PRIDE FC).  They are 6″2 foot tall and walks around at roughly 245 pounds. This past Saturday they faced a 49 year old retired pro-wrestler named Yumiko Hotta, who is 5″6 foot tall. Hotta did not cut any weight for the fight and came in at 171 pounds, whilst Garcia cut from 245 to 209 pounds. The fight was a complete beat down and has been going viral over the weekend, with fans commenting on how uncomfortable they felt watching it claiming it should be “illegal” to put on such a fight and saying Garcia should have refused to take it.
25 year old Belarus beauty Katya Kavaleva, who trains with top MMA team the Blackzilians was not happy with the choice of opponent. They promise Garcia would stand “no chance” against her, and says “none of their fights have been good and I'll just crush her“. Kavaleva stand at 6″5 ft tall and is a kickboxing world champion, as well as a seasoned champion in karate and taekwondo. They claim that Gabi Garcia has been avoiding them for a long time, suggesting the Brazilian fears them
Last night Garcia and Kavaleva took part in a heated exchange on social media, which ended in Garcia deciding to block the kickboxing beauty on Instagram according to Kavaleva's representative. Garcia quickly responded on Twitter, accusing Kavaleva's team of lying “I no blocked her, this is not true” followed by a picture showing they were not currently blocked.
It now turns out Gabi Garcia had indeed blocked Kavaleva on Instagram, but quickly unblocked once the media became aware of the situation in order to save face. Kavaleva tweeted out to Garcia after the accusation saying “stop with the bs guys I was blocked last night and so was my manager and for 6 months rizin all excuses“. As well as pointing out a picture they had posted on their Instagram page, which indeed shows they were blocked.
It appears Gabi Garcia did indeed block the 6″5 ft kickboxing world champion on Instagram. The fact that they very quickly unblocked them and even tweeted saying it hadn't happened raises a lot of questions. Is the Brazilian RIZIN FF heavyweight indeed fearful of the 6″5ft kickboxing world champion? Take a look at Kavaleva's evidence below, and let us know your thoughts in the comments section.
Video games with a purpose, from peacemaking to teaching empathy to treat social problems such as discrimination, are growing in number and sophistication.
Systems programmer Juan Pico works on the video game 'Adios a las Armas' (Farewell to Arms) in Bogota, Colombia, in September 2014. The video game mirrors complex real life talks under way to restore peace to the country. Games for Change is a nonprofit group that advocates the development and use of video games to educate and to address social problems.
“This War of Mine” has many of the hallmarks of a typical video game: breathtaking graphics, haunting violence, and, of course, explosions.
But this game has a very different objective from those found in most war-themed games. Instead of storming cities and eliminating the enemy, players are tasked with the daunting challenge of keeping civilians alive amid the siege of Sarajevo during the Bosnian war.
This unique approach to a war game is just one of a growing number of video games designed with a greater purpose than simply entertainment. Some, like “This War of Mine,” seek to promote empathy and cooperation. Others strive to make learning fun by camouflaging history and math as game play. Still others aim to transform stereotypes by portraying minorities as protagonists.
“What you can do with entertainment is incredible, you can touch people and you can change the world,” documentary filmmaker Morgan Spurlock told an auditorium full of video game enthusiasts attending the 12th annual Games for Change Festival in New York in late April.
The gamers and developers in attendance nodded enthusiastically as Mr. Spurlock spoke, and spent much of their time during the three-day event discussing how video games can address a range of social problems such as depression, obesity, and discrimination. Others focused on how to create educational games that kids actually want to play.
When Lauri Jarvilehto, a Finnish philosopher and representative of the entertainment media company Rovio Fun Learning, heard about a new video game that taught quantum physics, they were skeptical that young kids could learn such complex theories through a game.
“But then I saw my three-year-old playing a game with their eyes lit up, completely mesmerized, cracking equations with four or five parameters in them. And they don't even realize that he's learning algebra, for crying out loud,” Mr. Jarvilehto says. “He was just having fun. That's when I realized it's not such an exaggeration after all.”
Educational video games have been in schools since computers first entered classrooms in the 1980s. Students were eager to take a break from their desks to play on the computer, but not many kids were so interested in bringing “Oregon Trail” or “Math Munchers” home.
The runaway success of “Minecraft” shows that there is some appetite for cognitively challenging video games. The open-ended “sandbox” game – think Sim City built entirely with digital Legos – incorporates math, geometry, and physics into game play. Despite simple block-style graphics, “Minecraft” has become one of the most successful games of all time, selling more than 50 million copies worldwide.
The success of Megan Jayant's “80 days” is evidence of a growing appetite for alternative gaming options with characters from less-traditional backgrounds. The 2014 Time magazine the best game of the year is a reimagining of Jules Verne's classic “Around the World in Eighty Days” featuring prominent gay, female, and even disabled characters.
“Getting to re-write the stories so that marginalized people would be in the narrative, where people like me are heroes, that's really powerful,” says Megan Jayanth, creator of the game 80 days, which was Time magazine's best game of the year for 2014.
But there has been backlash within the gaming community against the decision to include more diverse characters, such as people of color, and gay, lesbian, and transgender characters.
“The default is invisible, no one ever thinks about why a straight, white guy is there,” notes David Gaider, creator of the game Dragon Age. “I look forward to the day when we can have these characters [diverse characters] and it won't be a big deal.”
Questions remain about whether more than a select few positive games can compete with commercial games in the marketplace, and whether learning games and games for change will really chip into the time kids spend at home playing traditional games that are often full of violence.
“I think kids are more inclined to buy into something that looks like a game, and designers with better budgets are going to be more successful. When kids play games they want to play for leisure. Their goal isn't to be educated,” says Fran Blumberg, a Fordham University professor and editor of the book “Learning by Playing: Video Gaming in Education.” “Right now, the types of games people are playing are still commercial, off-the-shelf games.”
Still, given the size of the market, progressive gaming advocates see ample room for educational and pro-social titles.
More than two thirds of American households, or 67 percent, play video games on a weekly basis. And far from the stereotype of pre-teen and teenage males, the average player is 31 years old, according to data from the Entertainment Software Association, while 48 percent of video-game users are female. Moreover, the video-game industry was a $90 billion industry worldwide in 2013, and is expected to be a $110 billion industry in 2015.
This wide reach provides an important opportunity to expose a captive audience to different ways of thinking, and to promote positive behaviors, advocates say.
One way to tap into that market is to cater to the increasingly large percentage of gamers who do not fit the stereotypical gamer profile of a young, antisocial, male.
Games like “Never Alone,” which features a Alaskan Iñupiat characters, is one example of developers seeking to broaden diversity in game titles. The game's creators say that when young people see characters that look like them and are representative of their culture, it can make a big difference to their self-esteem and sense of identity, thus preventing suicide and depression.
A growing number of parents – 68 percent, according to the ESA – see video games as a potentially positive influence on children. And research is starting to back that up.
“Considering these potential benefits is important, in part, because the nature of these games has changed dramatically in the last decade, becoming increasingly
complex, diverse, realistic, and social in nature,” researchers Isabela Granic, Adam Lobel, and Rutger Engels wrote in a research paper "The Benefits of Playing Video Games."
“This industry has been growing so exponentially, we need to recognize the impact that it can have and what we can do to make change happen.” Mr. Spurlock says.
In order to help game developers promote their work, the nonprofit organization Games for Change was founded in 2004 as a platform to facilitate the creation and distribution of social impact games.
Games for Change "is a platform for others to shine," says Asi Burak, president of Games for Change and an award-winning game designer. "We have an event where people can pitch ideas to funders, we encourage matchmaking, networking, public arcades for people to test out games.
"We also have an advisory service. Different projects are touched in different ways. I want to help others because I know how difficult it is.”
Games for Change currently has 133 games on its site.
As games for social change become more common, their quality is improving and their creators are becoming more business savvy, making the games more competitive in the marketplace, advocates say.
“When we first did peacemaker, an award-winning game that allows players to take a lead role in the Israeli-Palestinian peace process, it wasn't sustainable, there was no means to publish, distribution was limited," Mr. Burak says.
"In the last one or two years, these games have become sustainable in the marketplace. The games are higher quality, distribution is more straightforward. They get good traction in the market.”
“peacemaker was one of the few games that had the potential to make people think differently about social issues,” Professor Blumberg says. “If you're trying to teach something, it should be integral to the mode of delivery, to the storyline of the game, and to the game mechanics. Too often in these games you have the social component as an add-on.”
Still, Burak confirms that the majority of their organization's revenue does not come from games sales, but instead comes from ticket sales for festivals, grants, and sponsors. Ssome attendees noted that it's rare for social good game designers to receive venture capital funding.
Nevertheless, games for social change proponents say they will continue to work together until they revolutionize the video game industry.
“We're at a really pivotal point where these games are going to hit the mainstream big time,” Mr. Jarvilehto says.
Campaigning in Texas, Democratic Vice Presidential nominee Tim Kaine broke into some Spanish to urge Hispanics to vote for Hillary Clinton.
“A La Victoria! A La Victoria! A La Victoria!” they shouted after finishing a speech, speaking in Spanish to urge supporters to the polls.
Kaine campaigned Friday afternoon in Houston, Texas, ahead of the first national presidential debate.
As supporters in the crowd shouted “Si Se Puede!” they addressed them in Spanish and echoed their cries.
Kaine said the campaign would continue to take the state of Texas seriously, pointing out that they were a Democrat that also won close races in a red state.
They reminded the voters that even though both they and Clinton were running ahead of Trump they considered them to be the “underdog.”
“I'm the underdog until they call me the winner,” they said. “You Texas Democrats are underdogs … if you have that in your head that will be the discipline that you need to do the best work.”
They acknowledged that Democrats were traditionally the party of the American worker, environmentalists, and “good samaritan people.”
“There are some things that unify us … we're kind of underdog people. We're kind of born with it or something,” they said.
The past few years have seen a flurry of computer vision acquisitions by industry-leading websites- Google got DNNResearch, Pinterest acquired Visual Graph, while Yahoo acquired not one but two image recognition startups- IQ Engines and LookFlow. Now, Twitter has entered the fold, announcing the acquisition of deep learning startup Madbits. Madbits is the brainchild of Clément Farabet and Louis-Alexandre Etezad-Heydari- two former proteges of Yann LeCun, NYU Professor and Director of AI's Facebook lab.
There are a number of possibilities that Madbits open up for Twitter. Primarly, computer vision technologies allow for sophisticated image search; they could also gain a better sense of what people are actually tweeting about, by gaining automated recognition of what a photo contains.
In line with the other acquisitions, the exact purpose of the acquisition remains nebulous. A statement from the Madbit team offered a high-level explanation of their technology, and why they decided to accept Twitter's offer.
Over this past year, we've built visual intelligence technology that automatically understands, organizes and extracts relevant information from raw media. Understanding the content of an image, whether or not there are tags associated with that image, is a complex challenge. We developed our technology based on deep learning, an approach to statistical machine learning that involves stacking simple projections to form powerful hierarchical models of a signal.
We prototyped and tested about ten different applications, and as we've prepared to launch publicly, we've decided to bring the technology to Twitter, a company that shares our ambitions and vision and will help us scale this technology.
Details of the acquisition have not been released, but it's safe to assume another reason Madbits accepted Twitter's offer was a hefty amount of money on the table. Deep learning has become hot property, garnering more interest and recognition in recent years due to high-profile companies (such as Google and Microsoft) adopting the method, and the increasingly dazzling results it provides. As Microsoft Research director Peter Lee told Businessweek, “Last year, the cost of a top, world-class deep learning expert was about the same as a top NFL quarterback prospect.” It appears the deep learning specialist is going the way of the data scientist.
Read more here.
(Image credit: Shutterstock)
Follow @DataconomyMedia
Interested in more content like this? Sign up to our newsletter, and you wont miss a thing!
A PERFECT CIRCLE will trek across North America this spring in the outfit's first tour since 2011, with the month-long outing kicking off at The Pearl in Las Vegas (April 7 and 8).
The band previously announced a May 7 performance at the Hollywood Bowl as well as a trio of festival dates: Welcome To Rockville (April 29), Fort Rock (April 30) and Carolina Rebellion (May 5).
The tour news arrives as the band begins work on their first new album since 2004's "eMOTIVe". "Getting back to writing music with A PERFECT CIRCLE is a great way to start the new year," APC co-founder and guitar player Billy Howerdel said.
Tour dates:
April 7-8 - Las Vegas, NV @ The Pearl
April 10 - Phoenix, AZ @ Comerica Theatre
April 11 - San Diego, CA @ Open Air Theatre
April 13 - San Francisco @ Bill Graham Civic
April 14 - Reno, NV @ Reno Event Center
April 15 - Salt Lake City @ Maverik Center
April 17 - Denver, CO @ 1st Bank Center
April 19 - Kansas City, MO @ Starlight Amphitheatre
April 20 - St. Louis, MO @ Chafietz Arena
April 22 - Tulsa, OK @ BOK Center
April 23 - Grand Prairie, TX @ Verizon Theatre
April 25 - Austin, TX @ HEB Center at Cedar Park
April 26 - San Antonio, TX @ Freeman Coliseum
April 27 - Houston, TX @ Smart Financial Center
April 29 - Jacksonville, FL @ Welcome to Rockville
April 30 - Ft. Myers, FL @ Fort Rock Festival
May 02 - Atlanta, GA @ Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre
May 03 - Nashville, TN @ Bridgestone Arena
May 05 - Charlotte, NC @ Carolina Rebellion
May 07 - Los Angeles, CA @ Hollywood Bowl
A PERFECT CIRCLE's current line-up is Maynard James Keenan (TOOL, PUSCIFER), Billy Howerdel (ASHES DIVIDE), James Iha (TINTED WINDOWS, ex-SMASHING PUMPKINS), Jeff Friedl (PUSCIFER, THE BETA MACHINE) and Matt McJunkins (EAGLES OF DEATH METAL, THE BETA MACHINE).
Tickets for all non-festival shows are on-sale this Friday, January 13 at 10 a.m. local time. Tickets for the Hollywood Bowl show are on sale now.
The band re-launched their website and webstore over the weekend, which can be viewed at aperfectcircle.com.
In two years, Birmingham's lowest-paid residents will make more than $10 an hour after city leaders decided to raise the minimum wage this week.
The debate on the impact of a minimum wage increase, though, will likely last long beyond that.
The key questions to consider: Will the minimum wage increase - well above the national minimum - lift people out of poverty? Or will it create more hurdles for downtown businesses to be successful?
The Birmingham City Council passed the ordinance to increase the minimum wage to $10.10 over the next two years.
The city's wage floor - currently the federal requirement of $7.25 an hour - would increase to $8.50 in July 2016 and to $10.10 in July 2017, followed by annual cost-of-living increases.
The city's legal department is reviewing the ordinance, but other municipalities across the country have enacted similar measures.
In Birmingham -- where more than 30 percent of the population is below the poverty line -- an estimated 40,000 workers currently earn less than $10.10 an hour. They primarily work in food preparation, cleaning and maintenance, and the service industry.
Local advocates have said that increasing the minimum wage could lift many families out of poverty, decrease crime rates and even boost the city's economy. They also note many minimum-wage workers have no choice but to rely on public assistance to supplement their meager incomes.
State lawmakers like Rep. Darrio Melton, D-Selma, have applauded the city council's decision. Melton has proposed constitutional amendments to increase the minimum wage statewide to $9.80 by 2018, though their measures have died in committee.
"With the urging of the Alabama Young Democrats and other vocal citizens for change, the Birmingham City Council is standing on the right side of this issue for working families," Melton said.
Birmingham is the first city in the Deep South to adopt a local minimum wage ordinance. The move is noteworthy because Alabama is one of just five states that rely on the federal minimum wage instead of establishing a statewide floor, according to Christine Owens, executive director of the nonprofit National Employment Law Project.
"The news from Birmingham ... is welcomed not only by low-income families who directly benefit from a higher wage, but also by local businesses which depend on the healthy purchasing power of these families to be successful and profitable," Owens said. "In Birmingham, as in the rest of the country, fair wages are a win-win for all involved: affected workers, who will be able to stretch their budgets a little more; businesses, who are likely to see an increase in the demand for their goods and services; and the local government, whose tax revenues will be boosted by an increase in sales."
Low-wage struggle
Debates about minimum wage often pit employers and workers against each other, a battle of the little guy versus the faceless corporation. But that division is misleading, and the truth is far more complex, said Art Carden, an associate professor of economics at Samford University,
"That's not the way that this needs to be framed at all," they said. "Fundamentally, it's a struggle between some low-wage workers and other low-wage workers."
Carden says it's important to recognize why low-wage workers are in that position: they don't have a lot of valuable skills. Instead of raising the minimum wage, it would be better to improve their long-term success by removing barriers and helping them acquire more valuable skills, they said.
A higher minimum wage draws more people into the labor market. A teenager or college student might decide to work part-time for $10.10 now, when they previously didn't think earning $7.25 was worth the time sacrificed.
"They might crowd out people who are lower-skilled, but need the money more," Carden said.
Some research indicates that, on a city level, the increase might not be all that significant.
"We will probably see a reduction in job growth and business growth in Birmingham," Carden said. "Maybe it's not going to be that big ... The degree to which that happens remains to be seen."
Businesses might offset the expenses by raising prices, while others could be replaced by more machine-intensive options, moves that are more likely to affect regular McDonald's customers than people who frequent high-end restaurants.
The value of $10.10 an hour in Birmingham could be comparable to $15 an hour in a larger city with a higher cost of living. When people advocate minimum wage increases in cities like Birmingham, they point to Seattle, Los Angeles and San Francisco as examples.
"Given that Birmingham is such a low-skill, low-wage labor market compared to (those cities), I expect the impact to be bigger here," Carden said.
Many effects of a minimum wage increase can be difficult to pinpoint using data alone. Carden compares higher-paying low-skill jobs with the concept of rent-controlled apartments. For both, the quality is likely to decrease when competition is steeper.
"It might be things that are hard to see," they said. "You can say, 'What about my job do I like besides my income? If they were going to pay me twice what I'm being paid now, what would go away? Maybe benefits, maybe flexibility."
Another less tangible result could be a slowdown in business growth. While it's fairly easy to track business closures, it's more challenging to determine how many businesses don't get off the ground, and which of those can be attributed to higher projected expenses.
"You create this barrier to entry when you raise the cost of doing business," Carden said. "Surveys of business leaders can be really misleading on this. The people you should also be talking to are people right on the margin of whether to start a business or not, and they don't show up in polling data."
Many of the repercussions will go unnoticed because, relative to the labor market in general, the minimum wage is a small factor that affects a small part of the workforce.
"But those people really, really matter," Carden said. "I don't think it's a good idea to deny them opportunities to improve themselves by passing a higher minimum wage."
Birmingham minimum wage ordinance by kmstein11
allblacks.com:
Hansen said the number one goal for the All Blacks, clearly, was to win the Investec Rugby Championship but there were also secondary goals supporting that.
“One is to re-establish our team, from a leadership and playing point of view. The second goal is to grow the understanding and confidence of our newer players, both on and off the track; and thirdly, we want to play a standard of rugby that we can all be proud of and excited by,” they said.
“The quality of the opposition we'll face during the Investec Rugby Championship will require a growth in our physicality, intensity and the standard of our preparation. How well we do that will be reflected in our results. It's going to be a very competitive Championship, which we're all really looking forward to.
"By the end of the tournament, we'd expect to have a greater understanding of where the 32 individual players are at, and their ability to cope and perform at Test level.”
You know, it occurred to me recently, while visiting the local barbershop for a haircut and a real, honest-to-goodness straight razor shave, that companies like Schick and Gillette must really make a killing on the sale of "disposable" razor blades. Considering that the basis of the "scam," started pre-1920, was to "...give away the razor and charge for the blades..." (a lot like current inkjet technology, huh?) the sheer insanity of the price of these blades must guarantee that the asupervisorstioned companies net a tidy profit off of these "consumables."
I also find it interesting that, all over the Internet, there are banner ads trying to sell you the "secret" of never having to spend
First of all, let me clarify that when I refer to "razor blades" I am most likely referring to "razor cartridges"--which have several individual metal blades, springs, and a blade frame in common--all held together by adhesive or, in most cases, sonic welding. These cartridges are made to be almost hyper-proprietary so they will only "fit" onto a specific razor handle. I hope that I do not confuse you by indiscriminately mis-naming things. Except when I am mentioning an old-fashioned barber's straight razor I am talking about "razor blade cartridges" in this writeup. Now that that's a bit clearer, I'll begin.
Well, knowing a bit about metallurgy, I decided to see if there might be a way for the "everyday Man" (or Woman) to get around spending on average of $20/mo on "disposable" blades. Here's what I found--with the help of the laboratory and the electron microscope of ABC Metals, a very kind company who let me use their facilities for this purpose:
Most importantly, the great enemy of all razor blades is undoubtedly oxidation--what "normal" humans like to call "rust." Because of the environment in which blades are used, rust is endemic. I found that simply drying the blade with a hair dryer after use prolonged its life by a factor of three. But we're not going to stop there!
Like any metal, razor blades are made with certain trade-offs. Blades must be ductile (soft) enough to flex and to be given an edge to begin with, yet tempered (hard) enough to hold an edge. Let's not forget that the steel used in disposable razors has one MAJOR requirement to the manufacturers also--cheapness. Hence oxidation resistance is very low on the list of requirements for the steel stock these companies use. For them, the "trick" is to make this low-carbon steel hard (and sharp) enough to make one exclaim something akin to "WOW! I have never had a better shave in my life!" upon a first shave but not hard enough to hold that sharp edge for TOO long, hence slowing the sale of their staple product.
It must be a fine line--the "bleeding edge" if you'll excuse the cheap pun--to pull this off in a mass-production environment...or so we'd be led to think to justify paying $16 for six (6) razor blades that likely cost pennies per unit to stamp out.
The same is true of the barber's straight razor--it's composition is also a trade-off...but less so since the barber uses a leather strap (the "strop") to hone the edge of the blade before each use. This ensures a keen shave, time after time. Stropping also removes surface oxidation, which dulls the blade tremendously. Thus, the barber's straight razor can be used time and again for a period of decades...after all, it is always being sharpened. Most good straight razors also have the advantage of being made with the best high-carbon steel money can reasonably buy--hence their steep price tag yet amazing quality. It is my opinion that all men should, at least once in their lives, accumulate a few days of beard growth and have it shaved by an old, experienced barber with a straight razor--the results are nothing short of amazing.
My idea came to me while watching the barber thoroughly strop their razor before shaving me. I thought to myself, "...is there ANY reason why cartridge-type razor blades cannot be honed (stropped) like this man's trusty straight razor?"
Turns out, there is no reason whatsoever that they cannot be! Using electron microscopy and much trial and error I found out the best way to do it, and the best material to do it with (so far). As I continue to test, I will update this writeup.
I will not bore you with my various experimentations but, as it turns out, a disposable razor cartridge (I use a Gillette Mach 5) can be made to last many times longer than "normal" if you hone it and assiduously dry it after use. I have now used one blade for nearly seven months by simply drying and re-honing.
The honing procedure is simple and can be done in seconds. I do it like so:
After making sure that there are no clumps of whiskers stuck between the blades--which there should not be if you thoroughly cleaned and dried your razor after its last use--I put on a pair of denim jeans. The cheaper brands tend to work better as the denim has more of a nap to it. Now, pretend that your leg is your cheek and "shave" the stretched denim towards you using the same angle of cut you use on your face 15-20 times with the blade to be sharpened attached to the "handle." Now repeat this process at the same angle as before but push the razor away from you 15-20 times. Be sure to clean any lint that may have gathered on the blade off before attempting to use it! Well-used denim will almost never leave much lint and the results only appear to differ by >10% (favoring the less-used fabric).
Your razor blade(s) are now honed. Don't forget to think of me when your next shave is comfortable and close--as will be the next few months of shaves--with the same blade!
This process seems to work best with three to five-blade cartridges as honing angles do not make as much of a difference. It seems the "extra" blades act as guides of a sort making it far less challenging to get honing angles correct.
While this process works pretty darn good with disposable (all-plastic) RAZORS you will notice the best results by far employing this method with good-quality disposable CARTRIDGES. Disposable razors use steel that is often obtained as scrap from the steel-slitting industry and it is fraught with microscopic cracks, burrs, and sometimes chemical impurities such as fluorocarbon/hydrocarbon-based cutting lubricants. Its best to avoid those beasts altogether in my opinion.
Finally, remember that, as always, all good things must come to an end. The steel used in these blades is, as we discussed earlier, not very good to begin with--and after losing their initial keen tempered edge you are simply re-honing them for use over and over again. Eventually you run out of steel to hone--but long before this happens angles are changed, the cartridge's "presentation spring" (the leaf spring that pushes the individual blades up to your skin) wears so the individual blades can no longer contact the skin evenly (or at all), and the heat generated from rubbing them against the denim causes them to molecularly soften at the edge--meaning that eventually a hone may not last through an entire shaving session anymore. You reach the point of trade-off--for the more you re-hone the softer the edge becomes. Soft steel can be honed, but will not "hold" it's honed edge for very long. When any of the asupervisorstioned "symptoms" are even hinted at its time for a "factory fresh" cartridge.
That's fine with me though...I'd rather spend $16 per YEAR than $16 every 2-3 weeks any day.
Thomas H. Kee Jr. is the president and CEO of Stock Traders Daily (dotcom), where they offer strategies and newsletters to both institutional and individual investors, and they manage money privately for both institutional and individual investors through Equity Logic LLC. A specialist in technical analysis, Kee is also the founder of one of the leading, longer-term fundamental economic and stock market indicators in history, The Investment Rate. This proprietary tool, which is available to clients, too, predicts major economic cycles well in advance, and has been accurate since 1900. Using their broader observations of the economy to define disciplines, Kee has been able to accurately predict market cycles in advance using their multi-tiered technical indicators, and that combination has kept them ahead of the curve since starting Stock Traders Daily in January 2000.
Reuters
We believe the time has come to sell Apple stock.
There are a few important criteria factoring into our sell recommendation:
Immediate growth concerns
Valuation
The macroeconomic environment
Where Apple shares fit in 2016
I will detail our observations for you here.
Growth
We see declining year-over-year earnings growth from Apple. This year we are expecting earnings growth of only 2.31%. Although the multiple on Apple AAPL, +0.06% does not look excessive at just over 10 times earnings, the “PEG” ratio for Apple is about five by our estimation for calendar 2016.
That means that earnings growth this year is expected to be meager and relative valuation will look rich throughout the year, especially over the next two quarters. That presents headwinds. Investors who are looking for relative valuation will not find value in shares of Apple given what we consider its meager 2016 growth rate.
Valuation
We also think that investors will look for relative value as we believe the macroeconomic environment in the United States will deteriorate. We consider the U.S. economy to be in a liquidity crisis in terms of new money, and the end of stimulus opens the door to a reversion back to natural growth rates as those are defined by our proprietary macroeconomic work called The Investment Rate. The chart below demonstrates the differential between where demand levels have been and where natural-demand levels as those are defined by The Investment Rate exist today.
The macroeconomic environment
Given this macroeconomic observation, a 66% retracement in the demand for assets in the United States is likely, in our opinion. Institutional-investor liquidity has also dried up as they have extended their margin-debt levels, and the cash-to-margin-debt ratio on the New York Stock Exchange remains at an all-time low. That means that institutional investors are no longer able to prop up the market like they did in 2015, when they incurred the majority of this additional margin debt.
We believe they incurred this debt in anticipation of the market ending the year on a positive note given the historically solid performance of the market during the third-year of a second presidential term. But the failure of the market to perform last year left institutional investors holding high levels of margin debt, and eventually they will be selling into the market.
Therefore, not only does our macroeconomic model suggest that demand for assets fall back into parity with The Investment Rate, but institutional investors are not able to prop up the market with added margin debt, but instead more likely to add supply and selling pressure, compounding the downside risks that already exist on a naturalized basis.
Apple fits the bill
With this understood, economic conditions do not necessarily need to change, although they probably will, but multiple contractions are almost assured. If multiple contractions come, as we believe they will, investors will seek out value-oriented stocks, and shy away from stocks that lack value or that have demonstrated deteriorating earnings growth, and we think Apple fits that bill.
Apple has deteriorating earnings growth and stretched valuation levels.
In addition, from a more practical standpoint, we believe that the iPhone is becoming less innovative and global saturation is being realized. Consumers are also very fickle, and if someone “produces a better light bulb,” iPhone sales could actually fall because the product is no longer as innovative as it once was. This poses additional risks over and above the valuation and macroeconomic risks that prompt our sell recommendations.
Our price target is in the low $80s, roughly 20% below current market levels.
This artist's concept shows the Ares V cargo launch vehicle, a rocket that may be similar to NASA's Space Launch System (SLS) in many ways.
WASHINGTON — Facing mounting pressure to bring industrial competition to a congressionally mandated heavy-lift rocket development program, NASA has tentatively selected a vehicle design featuring solid-fueled, side-mounted boosters that eventually could be replaced with liquid-fueled engines, according to U.S. industry and congressional sources.
NASA Administrator Charles Bolden has approved a design for the Space Launch System (SLS) whose core and upper stages would utilize space shuttle- and Apollo-heritage propulsion systems, respectively, these sources said. For the side-mounted boosters, NASA would continue development of shuttle-derived solid-rocket motors while initiating work on a brand-new engine likely fueled by liquid kerosene, sources said.
Under the plan, awaiting approval by the White House Office of Management and Budget, initial flights of the SLS would utilize the solid-rocket motors, developed by ATK Aerospace Systems of Magna, Utah. ATK is under contract to develop an advanced version of the space shuttle solid-rocket booster under NASA's now-defunct Constellation program. [Photos: NASA's New Spaceship for Deep Space]
Among the companies that have expressed interested in developing an advanced kerosene-fueled engine are Aerojet of Sacramento, Calif., Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX) of Hawthorne, Calif., and Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne of Canoga Park, Calif. This engine might eventually replace the solid-fueled motors on SLS, sources said.
NASA's plan would appear to address conflicting pressures the agency is facing on the SLS program. The NASA Authorization Act of 2010, signed by U.S. President Barack Obama in October, directs the agency to utilize shuttle infrastructure and Constellation technology and contracts to the maximum practical extent in developing the SLS, which would be used for astronaut missions to deep-space destinations. But in recent weeks, some lawmakers have urged NASA to solicit competitive bids for the propulsion elements of SLS.
Most recently, Sen. Richard Shelby (R-Ala.) called on the agency to hold a competition for the heavy-lifter's side-mounted boosters. "I strongly encourage you to initiate a competition for the Space Launch System booster," Shelby wrote in a June 10 letter to Bolden.
Artist's rendering of NASA's Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle on a deep space mission. (Image: © NASA)
In the letter, Shelby, a fierce advocate for NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala., which specializes in propulsion, questioned whether using the shuttle-derived boosters is the most cost-effective approach to SLS. “Designing a Space Launch System for heavy lift that relies on existing Shuttle boosters ties NASA, once again, to the high fixed cost associated with segmented solids,” Shelby wrote.
Shelby's missive follows a May 27 letter to Bolden from Sens. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) and Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) that also pressed for a competitive SLS propulsion procurement.
The NASA Authorization Act of 2010 directs the agency to field an SLS vehicle capable of placing 130 metric tons into low Earth orbit by 2016. In terms of capability the vehicle ordered up by Congress closely resembles the Ares 5 rocket designed by NASA as part of Constellation, a collection of hardware development efforts intended to replace the retiring space shuttle and eventually deliver astronauts to the surface of the Moon. Obama proposed canceling Constellation in their 2011 budget request, and NASA officially pulled the plug on the program June 10.
Since the law's enactment, NASA has provided Congress with SLS reference designs that also closely resemble the Ares 5, but at the same time warned that the vehicle could not be fielded on the designated schedule under current budget scenarios.
Industry sources privately questioned the affordability of NASA's latest strategy, given that it adds a brand-new engine development program to the mix. Some also have suggested that competition will slow the SLS development effort.
Shelby disagrees. They wrote that they have "seen no evidence that foregoing competition for the booster system will speed development of SLS or, conversely, that introducing competition will slow the program down."
Shelby also said the SLS language in the authorization act gives NASA sufficient leeway to hold a competition.
"It was never our intention to foreclose the possibility of utilizing competition, where appropriate," Shelby wrote. Utilization of Constellation contracts and technology, they said, quoting the law, was required "only 'to the extent practicable.'"
Aerojet, which has been perhaps the most outspoken proponent of open competition for SLS propulsion elements, was encouraged that NASA appears to be leaning in that direction. Aerojet recently formed an alliance with Teledyne Brown Engineering of Huntsville, Ala., to pursue NASA propulsion opportunities.
"Aerojet has encouraged competition since early on," said Glenn Mahone, a company spokesperson. "We are ready to compete against any company that's out there and are hopeful that the acquisition NASA puts forward will be objective and equitable."
Mahone specifically declined comment on the possibility of having to compete with a new engine design against a well-developed solid-rocket propulsion system with 30 years of flight heritage. They also declined to say whether Aerojet has developed engine designs applicable to the SLS side-mounted boosters.
Lawmakers appropriated $1.8 billion in 2011 for the SLS, and NASA, which has been accused of dragging its feet on the program, said June 14 it has released approximately $1.4 billion of that total.
"Of that [$1.4 billion] amount, $726 million has been obligated onto contracts, as of June 14, 2011, and $455 million has been costed," a figure that includes $165 million for civil servant labor, NASA spokesperson Michael Braukus told Space News. The balance of the $455 million, they said, was spent to cover contractor costs for the Ares 1 rocket "and supporting elements such as program integration and ground operations." [Photos: NASA's Ares 1 Rocket Launch Test]
A bow shock forms around the Constellation Program's 327-foot-tall Ares I-X test rocket traveling at supersonic speed during its Oct. 28, 2009 launch from the Kennedy Space Center, Fla. The rocket produces 2.96 million pounds of thrust at liftoff and goes supersonic in 39 seconds. (Image: © NASA, courtesy of Scott Andrews)
The reference SLS design approved by Bolden would have a core stage powered by the hydrogen-fueled main engines used today on the space shuttle, which is being retired after its next mission, now scheduled to begin July 8. Those engines were manufactured by Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne.
The upper stage of the heavy-lifter would utilize the J-2X, a modified version of the Apollo-heritage J-2 engine also being developed by Pratt & Whitney. The J-2X and the modified space shuttle solid rocket motors being developed by ATK were key elements of the now-defunct Ares 1, which under Constellation was to launch a crew-carrying capsule into space.
Both the J-2X and the modified solid rocket booster — featuring five segments rather than four used on the shuttle boosters — were key building blocks for the much-more-powerful Ares 5.
One of NASA's biggest concerns as it seeks to comply with congressional direction to take advantage of existing contracts in developing the SLS is doing so in a way that does not draw a protest from companies that would be left out in the process.
This article was provided by Space News, dedicated to covering all aspects of the space industry.
Lost in Translation: An Important Note for International Reckoners
First up, a quick public service announcement for our International Reckoners:
If you're planning a vacation to the United States of America in the foreseeable future, you would do well to refrain from employing any confusing colloquialisms in your social media updates prior to departure.
For Australians, that means no “cracking onto” members of the opposite sex…no getting “off one's face”…no “tearing it up”…no “little rippers” and, we would think, no “barrakking” for anyone.
Our Irish friends will likewise wish to steer clear of referring to anything as “the gas,” from declaring intentions to “eat one's head off” and from “throwing shapes,” “sucking diesel” or otherwise “effin' and blindin'.”
We can only imagine to what extent our English Reckoners shall have to curb their delightfully colorful lingo to ensure a stateside journey (even relatively) free of let or hindrance at the gate, though we imagine no measure of self-censorship will be sufficient to guarantee a transit experience free of at least a touch of “Ye ol' Liberty Grope.”
What's all this caper then, eh? What's the apple, the score, the bleedin' apple core?
Apologies for the loose linguistics, weary reader. But a point begs its making; a point two British (would-be) tourists, Leigh Van Bryan and Emily Bunting, discovered the hard way just last week.
Apparently rather chuffed at the upcoming prospect of a wee jaunt over the pond, Van Bryan and Bunting engaged in a bit of online banter before their big trip to the US. Mistake number one. The two were perhaps unaware that the Department of Homeland Security routinely trolls the global social media digital waves, setting up accounts to listen in on prospective threats to…um…the “Homeland.”
We can only imagine the hysterical frenzy that whipped around the DHS H.Q. when they discovered what Van Bryan, 26, had posted.
“Free this week for a quick gossip/prep before I go and destroy America x”
Not that it should matter, but “destroy” is popular English slang for “party”…an easily Googlable fact, one would think, for the highly skilled heroes manning the control tower at the Twitter and Facebook Counterterrorism and Special Operations Unit for Liberty and Freedom of the Homeland… Patriot… Liberty… uh, never mind.
After making their way through passport control at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) last week, the pair were promptly detained by armed guards/heroes/patriots. But the real trouble was still to come.
The two were then informed that the DHS was on to their scheme to “destroy” (read: party in) America and (Could it be? No! Sweet Mother of Mercy!) their sick and twisted plot to dig up the grave of Marilyn Monroe!
“3 weeks today, we're totally in LA p****** people off on Hollywood Blvd and diggin' Marilyn Monroe up!”
The pair explained that the tweet, which the DHS had considered a grave matter of national security was, actually, a reference from Family Guy, a popular television show produced in the Homeland itself…behind patriot lines!
“They asked why we wanted to destroy America and we tried to explain it meant to get trashed and party,” explained Bunting. “I almost burst out laughing when they asked me if I was going to be Leigh's lookout while they dug up Marilyn Monroe. I couldn't believe it because it was a quote from the comedy Family Guy which is an American show.”
Department of Homeland Security staff, brave unwavering professionals as they are, were not deterred from their mission.
“It got even more ridiculous because the officials searched our suitcases and said they were looking for spades and shovels. They did a full body search on me too” explained Bunting.
Perhaps because grave-robbing spades and shovels have little to do with (most people's idea of) partying, the DHS were unable to find any in the pair's luggage or, strangely enough, on their person. Nevertheless, this was no time to take chances:
“I kept saying to them they had got the wrong meaning from my tweet but they just told me ‘you've really f***** up with that tweet boy'.”
Van Bryan, apparently thought to be the leader of the non-existent operation, was then cuffed, thrown in a cage inside a van and whisked away to a location where they could not be of harm to Homeland citizens.
Recounted the suspect:
“When we arrived at the prison [ed.: prison!] I was shoved in a cell on my own but after an hour two huge Mexican men covered in tattoos came in and started asking me who I was… They told me they'd been arrested for taking cocaine over the border… When the food arrived on the tray they took it all and just left me with a carton of apple juice.”
After 12 hours in custody, the pair were returned to the airport where they were sent directly home…charge sheets in hand.
Emily “The Lookout” Bunting's charge sheet stated: “It is believed that you are travelling with Leigh-Van Bryan who possibly has the intentions of coming to the United States to commit crimes.”
“Possibly has the intentions”? We can almost hear Special Twitter Task Force Agent Johnston saying, “That's as good as a thought crime to me!”
Added the charge sheet of one Leigh “Happy Birthday Mr. President” Van Bryan:
“He had posted on their Tweeter website account that they were coming to the United States to dig up the grave of Marilyn Monroe. Also on their tweeter account Mr. Bryan posted that they were coming to destroy America.”
We're not quite sure what a “Tweeter account” is, but you can be sure the vigilant servicemen and women at the DHS are on the case. Thank goodness the pair didn't use the “we were only taking the Mickey” defense. Could you imagine the costs and hassle involved in having to put Disneyland on high security lockdown? We shudder to think.
So, to our International Reckoners, remember to travel safely both to and from the Homeland. And please, feel free to pass our public service announcement on.
Joel Bowman
for The Daily Reckoning
The Donald Trump gaffe track keeps playing. The GOP frontrunner seems to literally spew out a doozy almost daily. Campaigning in Pittsburgh, they recently blathered, “How's Joe Paterno? We gonna bring that back? Right? How about that—how about that whole deal?” While their campaign suggested they were referring to the former Penn State football coach's statue, it was hard to shake the sense that Trump was unaware that Paterno died in 2012 and that Pittsburgh has no direct tie to the sports program at Penn State, which is located three hours east.
Then there was the time that Sean Hannity asked Trump which government agencies Trump would shut down, “The Department of Environmental,” Trump replied. That exact sort of gaffe killed Rick Perry's entire campaign, but despite some biting Stephen Colbert mockery, the mistake hasn't seemed to hurt Trump at all. They won New York despite suggesting September 11 happened on 7/11.
Advertisement:
But here's the thing, the Trump campaign seems to be filled with more than just gaffes. Channeling their inner Sarah Palin, Trump's rants often seem to lose any connection with reality at all. Take the example of Trump's interview with the Washington Post editorial board in March. During that exchange one of the editors asked Trump if they would consider using a tactical nuclear weapon against ISIS.
Check out Trump's reply:
TRUMP: I don't want to use, I don't want to start the process of nuclear. Remember the one thing that everybody has said, I'm a counterpuncher. Rubio hit me. Bush hit me. When I said low energy, he's a low-energy individual, they hit me first. I spent, by the way, they spent 18 million dollars' worth of negative ads on me. That's putting [MUFFLED]… RYAN: This is about ISIS. You would not use a tactical nuclear weapon against ISIS? TRUMP: I'll tell you one thing, this is a very good-looking group of people here. Could I just go around so I know who the hell I'm talking to?
We have become so accustomed to these sorts of ramblings that we don't really register them as anything more than standard nonsensical Trump-speak—a pattern of speech we have seen crop up across the GOP in recent years, most notably in Palin's gibberish. But I urge you to re-read the exchange above and register the range of nonsense—the lack of basic grammar, the odd syntax, the abrupt shift in topic, the disconnect from reality, the paranoia, and the seeming inability to even grasp the question.
As we scratch our heads and wonder how someone who says and such things can still be a frontrunner, I want to throw out a concern. What if Trump isn't "crazy" but is actually not well instead? To put it differently: what if their campaign isn't a sign of a savvy politician channeling Tea Party political rhetoric and reality TV sound bites? What if it's an example of someone who doesn't have full command of their faculties?
We've watched both Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton come under fire for potentially being unfit medically to run, but have we wondered enough about Trump? There is far more media coverage about Clinton's health at 68 than Trump's at 69.
There could be a good reason why. At times it can be very hard to distinguish between extreme right-wing politics and symptoms of dementia. The Alzheimer's Association tells us that if two of the following core mental functions seem impaired then it is time to seek medical help: Memory, communication and language, ability to focus and pay attention, reasoning and judgment, visual perception. Alzheimer's carries other symptoms besides memory loss including difficulty remembering newly learned information, disorientation, mood and behavior changes; deepening confusion about events, time and place; unfounded suspicions about family, friends and professional caregivers; more serious memory loss and behavior changes.
Advertisement:
Scholars of the recent trends in GOP politics point to some of the very same tendencies happening across the extreme right-wing faction of the party. (See this and this for example.)
Much to the chagrin of the reasonable conservatives who wonder what has happened to their party, it is now often difficult to distinguish Republican rhetoric from the ravings of someone suffering from diminished mental capacity.
The first time I wondered at something being not quite right with Trump's brain was during the first debate in August 2015 when Trump said “We need brain in this country to turn it around.” Even my 10-year-old son noted that Trump had suggested we need intelligence in government in a really stupid way. But it was more than stupid; it was ungrammatical. It wasn't simply a basic use of language; it lacked the grammar structure that even a third grader has readily available. And for all of the ease with which we Trump bash, it's worth remembering that they did, in fact, graduate from Wharton as an undergraduate in economics. They might have been full of bluster back then, but I'm guessing they still could speak in a complete sentence.
The next real warning sign was the doctor letter Trump trotted out to show that they were in fine shape. The Daily Beast jokingly said that the letter was more insane than Trump's campaign. But, at the time, no one expected them to still be the frontrunner today. I urge you to take a look and re-read the letter now.
Advertisement:
One might wonder how a physician could mess up the phrase “to whom it may concern” and not be asked for a revision from the Trump team, but the really disturbing tells are the reference to “positive” results (which in medicine means actually finding an ailment) and Trump being the “healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency” (a statement that can't be proven).
Last October, Death and Taxes ran a piece wondering if Trump had dementia. They pointed to the fact that Trump's father, Fred, was diagnosed with Alzheimer's six years prior to their death. They also highlighted Trump's aggressive late-night tweets, their childish behavior, their name-calling and mood swings. They explained that it would be really easy for Trump take some tests and prove that they are mentally fit. “Because if Trump can prove he's not suffering from a degenerative neurological disorder that has left them with a damaged mind devoid of all shame or self-awareness, they might just be an asshole.”
Now it may seem like I'm taking this in a flip manner and not respecting the real health challenges that face those that suffer these ailments. But that's actually my point. I need to be reassured that Trump is indeed OK so that the jokes about them remain funny. Public mockery has been the only way to stay balanced this election. And, of course, the best jokes about Trump have come from political satirists because satire does more than poke fun. It encourages critical thinking in the face of blind acceptance. It doesn't just make Trump look silly and stupid; it points out that he's dangerous to democracy. It's the difference between jokes about their orange face and jokes about their demagoguery.
Advertisement:
One excellent example was John Oliver's brilliant piece on Trump that ended by outing that Trump's name had originally been Drumpf—a truth that was extremely ironic since Trump themselves likes to mock others for their names. In the bit Oliver called Trump a "serial liar," who had "a string of broken business ventures and the support of a former Klan leader, who they can't decide whether or not to condemn." It was Oliver's most watched segment from “Last Week Tonight.” But it's not funny if Trump really can't actually remember their family history, their business past, or who David Duke is.
Satirical humor only works if it is punching up. Humor that punches down is just mean. A joke about Trump's brain is amusing; one about an Alzheimer's patient is twisted and cruel.
There are countless other excellent examples of Trump comedy takedowns—all of which depend entirely on the idea that Trump is not someone who actually needs medical attention. For more, see these examples from Larry Wilmore, Samantha Bee and Stephen Colbert.
Advertisement:
Lee Camp's Redacted Tonight reminded viewers that Trump speaks at a fourth grade level. That makes him, according to Camp, scientifically proven to be the dumbest candidate of them all. But Camp's joke is only funny if Trump is talking that way to attract voters who respond to their simplistic rhetoric. It's not funny if they really has lost the ability to speak like a healthy adult.
A former Swiss investment banker admitted in court on Monday that they seduced and blackmailed Germany's wealthiest woman, heiress to the BMW car empire, with secret films of their hotel trysts. The former Credit Suisse banker Helg Sgarbi apologized in court to the women involved. Despite the apology the prosecution seeks a nine-year jail term for the man.
Defendant Helg Sgarbi is accused of blackmailing Susanne Klatten, a heiress to the BMW business empire who is ranked as one of Germany's richest woman by having their sexual trysts w
Defendant Helg Sgarbi is accused of blackmailing Susanne Klatten, a heiress to the BMW business empire who is ranked as one of Germany's richest woman by having their sexual trysts w ... ith them filmed and then demanding money.
Defendant Helg Sgarbi is accused of blackmailing Susanne Klatten, a heiress to the BMW business empire who is ranked as one of Germany's richest woman by having their sexual trysts w ... ith them filmed and then demanding money.
Anzeige
Helg Sgarbi admitted seducing heiress Susanne Klatten and three other wealthy women and persuading them to pay them almost 10 million euros ($12.64 million) with various tales, including one that they had fallen foul of the Italian mafia.
"I regret what I did,“ Sgarbi, 44, told the Munich court, with little emotion. "I apologise to the women involved.“
Klatten, a member of the Quandt family -- the leading shareholders in carmaker BMW -- went public last year with the story of how their lover filmed their secret meetings and later demanded 49 million euros not to reveal them.
Anzeige
The 46-year-old married mother-of-three had first met Sgarbi at a health centre, state prosecutors told a crowded court.
Posing as a special envoy for war zones, Sgarbi won over Klatten after sending their text messages and phoning them with declarations of their love.
They later handed them a cardboard box containing 7 million euros in 500 euro notes, believing they had paralysed a child in a traffic accident in America and needed the money to pay compensation to avoid being jailed.
Anzeige
Sgarbi then demanded 49 million euros, threatening to send photos and tapes of their hotel-room rendezvous to colleagues, family and the press. Their admission means Klatten may not have to appear in court.
Leafing through the defendant's curriculum vitae, judge Gilbert Wolf read from a glowing job reference from investment bank Credit Suisse, describing Sgarbi's role there as a specialist in mergers and acquisitions.
State prosecutor Thomas Steinkrauss-Koch told the court they would seek a nine-year prison term.
"Where is the money? Where are the tapes? And who are the accomplices?“ they asked the defendant. Klatten's wealth is estimated by Forbes magazine at almost $10 billion, making them the 68th richest person in the world.
They own just over half of the chemical company Altana as well as 12.5 percent of BMW.
Newspapers had reported that Sgarbi had sought to justify their actions as revenge for their Jewish grandfather's forced labour in Quandt family factories during the war. But no mention was made of this claim on Monday.
The Quandt dynasty had close ties to the Nazi party and built its fortune supplying German army and railway worker uniforms. The first wife of Klatten's grandfather went on to marry Nazi propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels.
Back to English News homepage
One of the updates from this month's giant Patch Tuesday is wreaking havoc on some users Windows PCs by giving them the Blue Screen of Death (BSOD), according to a thread on Microsoft Answers, the company's support forum. Based on what users have found, the update in question is KB977165, which is described by Microsoft as "MS10-015: Vulnerabilities in Windows kernel could allow elevation of privilege" (for those wondering, yes this is the 17-year-old Windows flaw we reported about last month). The issue was first reported by Krebs on Security.
Microsoft Security Bulletin MS10-015 goes into further detail about the flaw being patched: "The vulnerabilities could allow elevation of privilege if an attacker logged on to the system and then ran a specially crafted application. To exploit either vulnerability, an attacker must have valid logon credentials and be able to log on locally. The vulnerabilities could not be exploited remotely or by anonymous users." The security update is rated Important on the versions of Windows it patches: Windows 2000, Windows XP (32-bit and 64-bit), Windows Server 2003 (32-bit and 64-bit), Windows Vista (32-bit and 64-bit), Windows Server 2008 (32-bit and 64-bit), and Windows 7 (32-bit).
The majority of users who are complaining about the issue are on Windows XP, but some users in the thread mention this occurs for them on Windows Server 2003 and Windows Vista. Those running Windows 2000, Windows Server 2008, and Windows 7 have yet to report problems (edit: we now have confirmation of this BSOD occurring on Windows 7, see this thread on Microsoft Answers), though the issue is fairly new so it's still possible that as more and more users install the update, the BSOD will creep up on the remaining versions of Windows as well. We have yet to see the problem occur, as most of our systems and those of our peers are running Windows 7 64-bit or Windows Server 2008 R2.
The thread starter explains the problem at hand: "I updated 11 Windows xp updates today from Microsoft.com and restarted my pc like it asked me to. (There has definitely been absolutely NO CHANGE in my computer software or hardware installation apart from [these] updates) From then on, Windows [could not] restart again! It is stopping at the blue screen with the following message:
A problem has been detected and windows has been shutdown to prevent damage to your computer. PAGE_FAULT_IN_NONPAGED_AREA Technical Information: STOP: 0x00000050 (0x80097004, 0x00000001, 0x80515103, 0x00000000).
"I tried all kinds of restarting option[s], namely safe modes etc. but everything is returning to the blue screen," they concluded. Another user wrote: "Samething [sic] happened to me. I think there is something seriously wrong with the update. I can't even open in safe mode..."
Users in the thread have tracked down a fix, though it requires using a copy of the Windows disc (or for netbook users without an optical drive, a bootable USB drive with Windows on it):
Boot from your Windows XP CD or DVD and start the recovery console (see KB307654 for help with this step) Type this command: CHDIR $NtUninstallKB977165 $spuninst Type this command: BATCH spuninst.txt Type this command: systemroot When complete, type this command: exit
This fix has been marked as the answer to the thread by Cody, a Microsoft Support Engineer. Formally, the suggestion actually says to repeat steps two through four with all the following patches: KB978262, KB971468, KB978037, KB975713, KB978251, KB978706, KB977165, KB975560, and KB977914. Since that post, users have concluded in the thread that KB977165 is the problematic update.
Robear Dyer, a Microsoft MVP, gave three pointers to users in the thread:
Uninstalling KB977165 will automatically restore the previous versions of ntkrnlpa.exe and ntoskrnl.exe so there's no need to find "a way to replace them." That being said, the newer versions of ntkrnlpa.exe and ntoskrnl.exe address the very serious and currently-being-exploited security vulnerability described in MS10-015, so you really do not want to avoid this update! Instead, open a free support incident per my previous reply. Encountering a STOP error (e.g., 0x00000050) after installing this update could mean that your computer's already been compromised by the security vulnerability addressed by MS10-015, yet another reason to open a free support incident!
The only problem with these suggestions is that most users can't boot their computer to uninstall the update (both "Last Known Good Configuration" and Safe Mode don't work). While the solution most users have found to work is to boot off the Windows XP disc and use the Recovery Console, Dyer is suggesting finding some other means to uninstall the update. Users are naturally more interested in getting their computer functioning again than making sure it is secure.
"Microsoft is investigating reports of an installation issue with a security update released on February 9, 2010," a Microsoft spokesperson told Ars. "We are investigating the issue to determine the cause of the issue. Anyone believed to have been affected can visit: consumersecuritysupport.microsoft.com. Those in the United States can contact Customer Service and Support at no charge using the PC Safety hotline at 1-866-727-2338 (PCSAFETY). Those outside the United States can find local contact numbers at support.microsoft.com/international." The company has since pulled the patch from Windows Update.
Ecuadorean troops stormed a hospital in the capital, Quito, late Thursday and rescued President Rafael Correa, who had been holed up surrounded by renegade police protesting government austerity measures. The soldiers escorted Mr. Correa out of the hospital following a shootout with the rebellious police.
The gun battle between loyalist troops and rebel police lasted about 35 minutes. At least one security force member was reported wounded in the rescue operation.
Later, the embattled president addressed a large crowd of supporters from the balcony of the presidential palace. They thanked them for their support and said they believed the uprising was an attempted coup d'etat.
Mr. Correa had been hospitalized earlier in the day after being shoved and attacked with teargas as they tried to talk with protesting police outside their barracks in Quito.
The protesters are upset over budget cuts that would eliminate some bonuses and promotions. Mr. Correa is defending the budget cuts as necessary and says the entire government is affected.
On Thursday, highways were blocked by police burning tires, and the international airports in Quito and Guayaquil were temporarily shut down by strikers. Ecuadorean schools were dismissed at noon Thursday and classes canceled for Friday.
Mr. Correa took power in 2007.  They are an ally of Venezuela's socialist president Hugo Chavez and has been critical of U.S. policy in Latin America.
Ecuador has had a history of political instability.
Memory leaks in Android — identify, treat and avoid Johan Olsson Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 13, 2016 In our daily pursuit of building better apps, we as developers need to take many things into consideration in order to stay on track, one of which is to make sure that our apps do not crash. A common cause of crashes are memory leaks. This particular problem can manifest itself in various forms. In most cases we see a steady increase in memory usage until the app cannot allocate more resources and inevitably crashes. In Java this often results in an OutOfMemoryException being thrown. In some rare cases, leaked classes can even stick around for long enough to receive registered callbacks, causing some really strange bugs and all too often throw the notorious IllegalStateException. To help others minimize time spent on code analysis I'll present a few examples of memory leaks, how to identify them in Android Studio and most importantly how to remove them. Disclaimer The purpose of this post and its code examples is to promote a deeper understanding of memory management, especially in Java. The general architecture, management of threads and handling of running HTTP requests shown are not ideal for a production environment and merely serve as carrier of the point being made: Memory leaks in Android is a thing to be considered. Registering listeners This shouldn't really be a problem but all too often I see calls to various register methods but their unregister counterparts are nowhere to be seen. This is a potential source of leaks, since these methods are clearly designed to be balanced off by each other. Without calling the unregister method, the instance will probably keep a reference around long after the referenced object has been terminated and will thus start leaking memory. In Android this is especially troublesome if that object is an activity, since they often hold a large amount of data. Let me show you what that might look like. In this example we're letting the Android LocationManager inform us about location updates. All we need to set this up is the system service itself and a callback to receive the updates. Here we implement the location interface in the activity itself, meaning that the LocationManager will hold a reference to our activity. Now if the device were to be rotated, a new activity would be created replacing the old one already registered for location updates. Since a system service will most definitely outlive any activity, the LocationManager will still hold a reference to the previous activity, making it impossible for the garbage collector to reclaim the resources still tied to that particular activity, resulting in memory being leaked. Repeated rotation of the device will then cause non-reclaimable activities to fill up the memory, ultimately leading to an OutOfMemoryException. But in order to fix a memory leak, we first have to be able to find it. Luckily Android Studio has a built-in tool called Android Monitor we can use to observe memory usage among other things. All we really have to do is open the Android Monitor and go to the Monitors tab to see how much memory is used and allocated in real time. The Android Monitor in Android Studio 2.0 Any interactions causing resource allocation will be reflected here, making it an ideal place for keeping track of your application's resource usage. In order to find our memory leak, we need to know what the memory contains at a point in time when we suspect that memory has been leaked. For this particular example, all we have to do is start our application, rotate the device once and then invoke the Dump Java Heap action (next to Memory, the third icon from the left). This will generate a hprof file, which contains a memory snapshot at the time we invoked the action. After a couple of seconds, Android Studio automatically opens up the file, giving us a neat visual representation of the memory for easy analysis. I will not go into depth about how to navigate the huge memory heap. Instead I'll direct your attention to the Analyzer Tasks in the upper right corner of the screenshot below. All you have to do to detect the memory leak introduced in the example above is to check Detect Leaked Activities and then press play to get the leaked activity to show up under Analysis Results.
Visualization of the Java Heap with the leaked activity highlighted
If we select the leaked activity we are presented with a Reference Tree where the reference that is keeping the activity alive can be identified. By looking for instances with depth zero we find that the instance mListener located within the location manager is the reason our activity can't be garbage collected. Going back to our code we can see, that this reference is due to the requestLocationsUpdates where we set the activity as a callback for the location updates. Consulting the documentation on the location manager it quickly becomes clear that in order to unset the reference we must simply call the removeUpdates method. In our example since we register for updates in the onCreate method, the obvious place to unregister would be in the onDestroy method. Rebuilding the application and performing the same memory analysis as above should result in no leaked activities regardless of how many times the device is rotated. Inner classes A very common data structure in Java is the so-called inner classes. They are popular since they can be defined in such a way, that only the enclosing class can instantiate them. What many may not realize is the fact that this kind of classes will create an implicit reference to the enclosing class, which may not always be what you want. Unintentional referencing is very prone to errors, especially if the two classes have different life cycles. Consider the following common Android activity. This particular implementation will work just fine. The problem is that it will most definitely retain memory longer than necessary. Since the BackgroundTask keeps an implicit reference to the AsyncActivity while also running on another thread which lacks cancellation policy the activity will remain in memory with all of its resources attached until the background thread has terminated. In case of a HTTP request, this can take a long time, especially on a slow connection. By performing the same steps as in the previous example, with the addition of ensuring a long running background task, we end up with the following analysis results.
Visualization of the Java Heap with the retaining instance highlighted
As seen in the analysis above, the BackgroundTask is indeed the culprit behind this memory leak. First order of business is to eliminate the unintended reference to the activity by making the class static but by doing so we also cannot directly access the textView anymore. Therefore we also need to add a constructor in order to pass the view on to the task. Finally we need to introduce a cancellation policy for the task, which is described in the AsyncTask documentation. Taking all of that into account, let's see what our code ends up like. Now that the implicit reference has been eliminated, we pass the single relevant instance to the task via the constructor. With our cancellation policy in place, let's run the analyzer task once more to see if this change eliminated the memory leak.
Visualization of the Java Heap with the retaining instance highlighted
It seems we still have some work to do. By applying the same technique as in the last example we can identify the highlighted instance in the Reference Tree as the one keeping the activity alive. So what's going on here? If we look closer at its parent node we see that the view has a reference to mContext which is nothing other then our leaked activity. So how to solve this? We can't eliminate the context, to which the view is bound and we need the view reference in the BackgroundTask in order to update the UI. One simple way to solve this would be to use a WeakReference. Our reference to the resultTextView is considered strong and has the ability to keep the instance alive preventing garbage collection. In contrast, a WeakReference will not keep its referenced instance alive. As soon as the last strong reference to an instance has been removed, the garbage collector will reclaim its resources regardless of any weak references to this object. Here is what the final version will look like using WeakReference: Notice that in onPostExecute we have to check for null to verify, if an instance has been reclaimed or not. Finally, running the analyzer task once more will confirm that our activity is no longer being leaked! Anonymous classes These kinds of classes have the same disadvantages as the inner class, namely they hold a reference to the enclosing class. Just as inner classes, anonymous classes can be sources of memory leaks when passed to an instance that operates outside of the activity's life cycle or performs work on another thread. For this example I'll use the popular HTTP client Retrofit to perform an API call and pass the response to a callback. The client is set up like the example on the Retrofit homepage. I'll also keep the reference to the GitHubService in the application instance, which is not a particular good design choice but serves the purpose of this example. This is a common type of solution and may not result in any leaks. But if we execute this on a slow connection the analyzer result will be different. Remember, the activity is kept until the thread has terminated, just as in the inner class example.
Visualization of the Java Heap with the retaining instance highlighted
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Weekday Swansea City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paul Clement's achievements in a limited time period at Swansea City have been nothing short of miraculous.
The Swans have risen to four points clear of the drop zone under their flight attendantship, while pundits scrabble around to explain the surge.
They bought well in January, he's reinvigorated Gylfi Sigurdsson and — crucially — he's won admirers among the Swansea support.
But Clement has made a telling difference by simply organising Swansea's central midfield and defence, markedly improving players who appeared to be floundering before they arrived.
This is most evident in Federico Fernandez, Alfie Mawson, Jack Cork and Kyle Naughton.
We compared their Wales Online player rating from three key games managed by Bob Bradley, to their rating in three victories under Clement.
This is the eye-opening difference.
Federico Fernandez
The fact they were omitted from the side for long periods under Bradley was instrucitve. They were out-of-favour in the American's plans, but struggled even when they did feature. Fernandez was pulled apart by Arsenal in a 3-2 loss which marked Bradley's first game and the Argentine international's confidence appeared shot.
(Image: PA)
But a partnership with Mawson is developing nicely, largely thanks to Clement's demand that their side remain compact, clearing their lines quickly and safely.
Fernandez was rock solid against Leicester, ensuring a quiet afternoon for last season's Premier League revelation, Jamie Vardy.
Average rating across three games under Bradley: 5.33
Average rating in three games under Clement: 8
Alfie Mawson
Brought back into the fold against Middlesbrough but struggled to deal with Alvaro Negredo and endured a tough afternoon. Mawson didn't fare much better against West Ham or Bournemouth and it appeared as though the former Barnsley man wasn't adapting to the Premier League.
Those fears have been completely allayed by Mawson's performances in recent weeks.
Against Crystal Palace (with Clement not officially Swans boss, but influencing the game from the dugout) and against Southampton and Leicester City, he's been superb, rightly receiving high marks in our match ratings, and scoring goals even!
Clement has seemingly filled Mawson with the confidence to pass the ball around when the situation allows. But Mawson has not been afraid to 'get rid' when necessary.
Average rating across three games under Bradley: 5
Average rating in three games under Clement: 8.33
Jack Cork
They battled hard but was bullied by the Spurs midfield and didn't possess the quality to outsmart West Ham in another damaging defeat under Bradley. Leon Britton was often preferred by the American and when Cork did play, they didn't impose themselves like they have done since Clement's appointment.
(Image: PA)
He's taken up a new, slightly deeper role under the former Derby boss and provides a vital screen for the back four. Cork thrives when he's allowed to play the simple pass, allowing others to add 'frills'.
Clement has noticed that and implemented a system, with three central midfielders, that allows Tom Carroll and Leroy Fer to drive the Swans forward, confident that Cork will cover them.
Average rating across three games under Bradley: 5.33
Average rating in four games under Clement: 7.66
Kyle Naughton
Rated as 3/10 in the horrific 5-0 defeat to Tottenham Hotspur , Naughton had a horror show at White Hart Lane. Although they played much better as a lone hand in the 3-0 loss at home to Bournemouth , Naughton's revival has been hastened by Clement, who has installed the former Spurs right back as their firm first choice.
As with new signing Martin Olsson , Naughton appears fitter than ever, getting up and down the channel with speed. Naughton has also been more disciplined in defence.
He's turning into the player Swansea hoped they would be. And with the Swans often playing a more narrow midfield, Naughton and Olsson add much-needed width on the overlap. The Clement philosophy is paying major dividends.
Average rating in three games under Bradley: 5
Average rating in four games under Clement: 6.66
Nearly 300 protesters rallied at City Hall Thursday, demanding Mission Playground soccer field be open and free to use for all.
The rally was a success, as Recreation and Parks Department Manager Phil Ginsburg declared the soccer fields would no longer require an advance permit to play on.
But during the rally, more information was revealed about the fight that sparked the new rules in the first place. A viral video depicting a clash between tech workers and Mission youth spurred the debate over new park use rules. At the rally one of those youth, 15-year-old Hugo Vargas, alleged Airbnb Community Support Lead Conor Welch kicked them in the back, injuring him.
The back injury has caused Vargas pain when they play soccer, the teen told the Recreation and Parks Commission Thursday. Vargas said a doctor told them they have severe inflammation in the tissue of their lower back, forcing them out of soccer for a month.
Outside the commission meeting, Vargas told The Examiner how it all went down.
Kai, a tall youth who made many eloquent arguments in the viral video, kicked a soccer ball, which ricocheted off of one of the tech workers. "I was like damn, I've gotta go apologize," Vargas said.
But as Vargas ran to catch the ball, they said Welch jumped up to slap it from their hands, and allegedly kicked Vargas in the back in the process.
Vargas grew angry, they said, and considered fighting back.
"They held me back," Vargas told The Examiner. "My friends kept saying, 'be mature.'"
Indeed, much of the reaction after the video of the argument between the kids and the tech workers focused on the maturity of the teenagers, and their calmness in response to what many said was a class struggle.
Ultimately, Vargas kept their cool, and the altercation did not escalate. But they said they plan to file charges with the Police Department against Welch.
According to California penal code, police cannot arrest for misdemeanor battery that was not made in their presence, with some exceptions (like domestic violence). Vargas could, however, conduct a citizen's arrest. But if Vargas can show they were injured severely enough, the charge would change to felony assault.
When contacted by The Examiner, short-term rental company Airbnb denied that any altercation took place after the video, and released this statement:
"We want to apologize for the Airbnb team at the Mission Playground. Enhancing the neighborhoods and the cities we serve is our top priority and these employees didn't live up to our values. We have reminded everyone on our team that we all have an obligation to uphold our shared values every day, no matter where we are. This incident took place several months ago and everyone ended up sharing the field. We all agree that our team should have handled this entire situation differently, but no physical altercation took place."
Welch could not be reached for comment, but in the video they address the teenager recording and says, "this is really awkward, and weird."
culture
The last ever comic strip of Peanuts written and illustrated by American cartoonist Charles M. Schulz was published today 16 years ago in 2000.
Peanuts is the most popular and influential in the history of the comic strip, with 17,897 strips published in all,[1] making it "arguably the longest story ever told by one human being".
Peanuts ran from October 2, 1950, to February 13, 2000, continuing in reruns afterward.
Performers wearing costumes as Peanuts characters Snoopy, Charlie Brown and Lucy at an event in Japan. Pic/AFP
At its peak, Peanuts ran in over 2,600 newspapers, with a readership of 355 million in 75 countries, and was translated into 21 languages.
The first strip was four panels long and showed Charlie Brown walking by two other young children, Shermy and Patty. Shermy lauds Charlie Brown as they walk by, but then tells Patty how they hate them in the final panel. This was groundbreaking. Until then, rarely had children expressed hatred for others in comic strips.
Click below to view the offical trailer for the upcoming Peanuts Movie (2015)
Snoopy was also an early character in the strip, first appearing in the third strip, which ran on October 4.
It helped to cement the four-panel gag strip as the standard in the United States, and together with its merchandise earned Schulz more than USD 1 billion.
Peanuts achieved considerable success with its television specials, several of which, including A Charlie Brown Christmas and It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown, won or were nominated for Emmy Awards.
The holiday specials remain popular and are currently broadcast on ABC in the United States during the corresponding seasons.
The Peanuts franchise met acclaim in theatre, with the stage musical You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown being a successful and often-performed production.
Peanuts creator Charles M. Schulz decided to produce all aspects of the strip themselves from the script to the finished art and lettering. (Schulz did, however, hire help to produce the comic book adaptations of Peanuts. Thus, the strip was able to be presented with a unified tone, and Schulz was able to employ a minimalistic style.
Peanuts creator Charles M. Schulz. Pic/AFP
Though Garfield and Calvin and Hobbes rivaled Peanuts in popularity in the 1980s and the 1990s respectively, the strip still remained the most popular comic of all time.
The daily Peanuts strips were formatted in a four-panel "space saving" format beginning in the 1950s, with a few very rare eight-panel strips, that still fit into the four-panel mold. In 1975, the panel format was shortened slightly horizontally, and shortly after the lettering became larger to accommodate the shrinking format. Beginning on Leap Day in 1988, Schulz abandoned the four-panel format in favor of three-panel dailies and occasionally used the entire length of the strip as one panel, partly for experimentation, but also to combat the dwindling size of the comics page.
Schulz continued the strip until they had to retire because of health reasons; they died the day before the final Sunday strip was published.
Fittingly, Charlie Brown was the only character to appear in both the first strip in 1950 and the last in 2000.
The final daily original Peanuts comic strip was published on January 3, 2000. At that point, five more original Sunday Peanuts strips had yet to be published.
On February 13, 2000, the day following Schulz's death, the last ever Peanuts strip ran in papers. The strip began with Charlie Brown answering the phone with someone on the end presumably asking for Snoopy. Charlie Brown responded with "No, I think he's writing." The bottom panel consisted of the final daily strip in its entirety, reprinted in color, and included various Peanuts characters surrounding it. The very last strip consisted simply of Snoopy sitting at their typewriter in thought with a note from Schulz.
Many other cartoonists paid tribute to Peanuts and Schulz by homages in their own strips, appearing on February 13, 2000 or in the week beforehand.
After Peanuts came to an end, United Feature Syndicate began offering the newspapers that ran it a package of reprinted strips under the title Classic Peanuts. The syndicate limited the choices to either strips from the 1960s or from the 1990s, although a newspaper was also given the option to carry both reprint packages if it desired. All Sunday strips in the package, however, come from the 1960s.
A CGI film titled, 'The Peanuts Movie' is scheduled to release on November 6, 2015 featuring all principal characters including Charlie Brown, Snoopy and others in 3D format. (View the trailer above)
Using stem cell treatments to protect motor neurons is not enough to prevent the loss of nerve-muscle connections and disease progression in a mouse model of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), researchers from Italy found.
The study, published in the journal Stem Cell Research, had exposed mice to repeated brain injections of so-called mesenchymal stem cells, gathered from the umbilical cord. But, while the cells lessened inflammation in the spinal cord, it became apparent that more is needed to slow disease progression.
Earlier studies had noted that treatment with mesenchymal stem cells could improve survival in genetic ALS mouse models if started at birth or before symptoms appeared. But since human patients do not receive treatment until the disease is apparent, researchers at the Mario Negri Institute for Pharmacological Research in Italy wanted to test the approach in mice with obvious disease signs.
For the study, “Multiple intracerebroventricular injections of human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells delay motor neurons loss but not disease progression of SOD1G93A mice,” they gathered mesenchymal stem cells from human umbilical cords.
They injected them into the mice brain ventricles, which are natural fluid-filled cavities in the brain. The animals received injections once every two weeks — getting a total of three injections.
The team had hoped that the cells would travel to the spinal cord, but results were disappointing. Nonetheless, it became apparent that the cells did impact the environment in the spinal cord even from their position in the brain ventricles.
Researchers noted that the environment in the spinal cord shifted from a pro-inflammatory to an anti-inflammatory state — evident by changes in immune mediators called cytokines. Changes also were seen in the activity of glial cells involved in spinal cord inflammation.
Meanwhile, protective molecular pathways, acting to prevent cell death, had been activated in the mice spinal cords. While the cells did not reach the spinal cord, researchers said the effects indicated they secreted factors that could impact processes in other parts of the central nervous system.
Despite this protective environment, with more motor neurons surviving in the spinal cord, motor neuron axons were disconnected from the muscles and the team noted no slowing of disease progression. While not statistically significant, they did note a slight increase in survival time, however.
The findings suggest that potential stem cell or other neuro-protective treatments — delivered into the central nervous system —need to be combined with approaches that protect the connection between motor neurons and muscles to prevent disease progression.
Kathmandu, Nepal - India's politically fragile northern neighbour is closely watching events unfold in the Asian giant to the south following the landslide election victory of Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party led by Narendra Modi.
Mindful of the key role played by India in its political transition and New Delhi's immense leverage in the country, observers in Nepal are seeking clues to likely policy in the region.
Meanwhile, many in the country - the world's only Hindu monarchy until it was abolished in a stunning vote by the constituent assembly in 2008 - have high hopes on Modi's victory prompting a revival of Hinduism.
"The victory of Narendra Modi is good news for us, we are sure we will receive their goodwill," said Basudev Shastri, a pro-Hindu activist with National Religion Awareness Campaign. "I think we Nepalis will succeed in reclaiming Nepal as a Hindu nation."
Modi in their first reaction on foreign affairs, expressed commitment to strengthening relations with Nepal. "Nepal is an old and deeply valued friend," they wrote on Twitter.
Closely intertwined
Nepal's fate has always been closely intertwined with India, which shares an 1,800km open border with the landlocked nation and provides it with crucial imports.
Indian officials and leaders of the then ruling Indian National Congress and Communist Party of India (Marxist) played a critical role in the 2005 deal struck in New Delhi that paved the way for an end to a 10-year Maoist rebellion and growing protests against the unpopular king.
When the 240-year-old Hindu monarchy was abolished in 2008 and the country became a secular, federal, democratic republic, it angered BJP leaders, who criticised New Delhi for being a "silent onlooker" while the king was ousted "under the pressure of Maoists".
India's government interpreted it differently, with Pranab Mukherjee, then foreign minister and now president, acknowledging their country's role in regime change in Nepal in an interview with Al Jazeera in 2009.
"We persuaded the political parties which resorted to guns and violence, the Maoists in Nepal, to give up violence [and] participate in the mainstream national political activities," they told Al Jazeera.
Yet Nepal's transition since 2006 has been shaky and the first constituent assembly dominated by the Maoists - tasked with writing a constitution for the young republic - broke up in acrimony.
The former rebels were trounced in elections to a second constituent assembly in late 2013, and the centrist Nepali Congress and the Unified Marxist-Leninist (UML) party formed a coalition government early this year.
Neighbourhood policy
Nepal's Maoist leader Ram Karki said there may not be a drastic change in India's foreign policy, but that Modi may take more interest in its neighbour.
India is a regional power. It will pursue a balanced foreign policy. There are countries that it will have to pay respect to and there are countries which it can exert its power over Ram Karki, Maoist leader
"India is a regional power. It will pursue a balanced foreign policy. There are countries that it will have to pay respect to and there are countries which it can exert its power over. So, the approach would be to maintain a balance," they said.
Akhilesh Upadhyay, the chief editor of the Kathmandu Post, Nepal's leading English daily, said there is little to go on in trying to discern Modi's views towards Nepal.
"I have found very scant literature of substance on Modi's perspectives on Nepal - they come from the western state of Gujarat which has no proximity to Nepal," they said.
Upadhyay said that a key question would be the extent to which Modi - a member of the right-wing Hindu organisation RSS (Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh) - will change once in power.
"It's too early to say but I think Modi's approach would be pragmatic," they said. "During their term as Gujarat's chief minister, they forged ties with Japan and China. They have a strong duality and they may well focus on the East rather than the West."
Lokraj Baral, executive chairperson of Nepal Centre for Contemporary Studies, a Kathmandu-based think-tank, also believes the change of government is unlikely to affect foreign policy and notes that during the election campaign, Modi distanced themselves from Hindu nationalism.
"Over the weeks, they became moderate in their stance. Once a politician comes to power, they or they will be tamed," Bara; said.
However, Yubaraj Ghimire, a political commentator, said that the new Modi administration could review India's neighbourhood policy - with a consequent impact on Nepal's new political order.
"The fact that the BJP itself has said in its manifesto that India's neighbourhood policy has failed means it's obliged to review it and take effective and corrective steps," Ghimire told Al Jazeera.
Ghimire said that changes in Nepali politics were influenced by external forces.
"There's a group in India which played the crucial role in influencing radical changes in Nepal. And Nepali actors - mainly the Maoists - got carried away," they said.
Hindu allies
Observers believe that an important challenge for the Modi government will be cultivating an ally in Nepal.
There is no shortage of pro-Hindu organisations in Nepal, where 80 percent of people are Hindus and fundamentalist groups such as Shiva Sena Nepal that are linked to their Indian counterparts.
That Rastriya Prajatantra Party-Nepal, a pro-Hindu, pro-monarchy party and the fourth largest in the assembly, seeks to be Modi's ally is no secret in Kathmandu.
Kamal Thapa, its articulate chairperson - who has been likened to Modi for their populist appeal - travelled to Gujarat to meet the BJP leader before they launched their election campaign.
In a picture taken in Gujarat's capital, Gandhinagar, and later posted by Thapa on their Twitter account, the two men can be seen exchanging gifts - a photo-op that has clearly bolstered Thapa's standing among Nepalis.
Thapa did not respond to Al Jazeera's calls seeking their comments, but Chandra Bahadur Gurung, the party's general secretary said: "No foreign country should interfere in Nepal's internal matters."
"Nepal is a sovereign, independent nation but since 2006 foreign activities have increased. Foreigners should not interfere in our political affairs," they added.
Lokraj Baral of the Nepal Centre for Contemporary Studies agrees: "The crucial thing is whether foreign forces would be assertive when we are weak. Such a situation will make us submissive - we should stop being oriented towards a foreign country."
Cinewax Future Days Recordings Light In The Attic Light In The Attic / Burger Records Light In The Attic | Aquarium Drunkard Light In The Attic/Munster Records Light In The Attic/Sony Legacy Light In The Attic/ZudRangMa Modern Classics Recordings
Distributed Labels 180g Academy LPs Africa Seven Afrodisia Albina Music Trust All Night Menu Books Aloha Got Soul AMS Asherah Records Athens of the North Audika Records Be With Records Beat Ball Music Bedroom Suck Bitter Lake Recordings Black Editions Black Gold/Third Ear Black Screen Records Bongo Joe Boom Cult Brave Wave Broc Recordz Burning Witches Records Cadabra Records Captain High Captured Tracks/Flying Nun Records Caroline True Records Cedar Plank Industries Chelsea Records Cinevox / BTF / AMS (Italian Imports) Companion Records Concentric Circles Constellation Tatsu Contempo Country Club Records Crane City Music Cult Epics Daehan Electronics Dark Entries Data Discs Day End Records Deanwell Global Music Death Is Not The End Death Waltz Recording Co. Death Waltz/MONDO Delmore Recordings Discos Horóscopo Dog Triumph Down Jazz Records Driftless Recordings Earth Recordings EGBA Electric Cowbell Electric Nerve Music Eliterecords Em Records Emotional Rescue/Response Empire of Signs End of an Ear Enjoy The Ride Epic Istanbul Etiquette Fire America Fire Records Fire Soundtracks
DETROIT—Claiming that determining an unquestioned national champion through a playoff system "went against the very idea of sporting competition," and that the sheer exuberance of college basketball fans was "a shocking and nauseating display of everything wrong with collegiate athletics," top BCS officials roundly condemned the NCAA Tournament Monday.
"I frankly cannot even believe what I'm seeing, and I can't stomach the sight for long," said a pale, trembling Jack Swarbrick, the Notre Dame athletic director who, along with the commissioners of the major conferences, manages the complicated system of polls and computer rankings that make up the Bowl Championship Series in college football. "The elegant logic of actually having teams play one another instead of having a council of their betters select which team is superior to which—that is not what sports are all about."
Advertisement
"And the fans…urgghh…simply enjoy their teams' triumphs or mourn their defeats. Where are the heated arguments? Where are the unsettled disputes that will fester forever?" said Swarbrick, a sheen of feverish sweat curdling on their face. "Oh, God, I think I got vomit on my tie."
"It's the joy, the sheer joy on the fans' pathetic joyful faces and in their insipid happy voices that fills me with such loathing—loathing for the certainty they will feel when all is said and done and they know exactly who is the best, and hatred for the pure joy they will feel because of it," Pac-10 conference commissioner Larry Scott said as they panted, slumped down in a wheelchair. "Mark my words, their certainty regarding exactly how good a team is or isn't will never be allowed to corrupt the BCS—and neither will their joy."
As of press time, Scott had been hospitalized due to nausea and bile scarring in their throat.
Advertisement
Other notable BCS executives have either expressed disgust or been involved in disgust-related incidents in the weeks since the tournament began. The White House has asked several conference commissioners to stop calling after 10 p.m. or while drunk. And retching, unstable statistician Kenneth Massey, a sports-ratings expert whose calculations play a part in the BCS rankings, was arrested by police in Detroit last week when they attempted to chain themselves to the gates of Ford Field, all the while screaming that both stochastic and determinist calculations prove that Xavier could not have beaten Wisconsin in the second round.
"It's wrong. It's just wrong," Swarbrick said. "I haven't been able to keep food or fluids down since this…this March Madness began. Everywhere I go, I hear the cheering, the talk, and I see that goddamned bracket everywhere. Why? Why are all these people so happy after watching a championship tournament? How can they be happy without a network of polls and computers run by an arbitrary board of university executives to tell them who the champion really is?"
"Imagine if we'd let this happen—if we had let, say, Boise State play for the championship after all the filthy happiness and cheering they inspired," a vomit-drenched, glassy-eyed Scott said from their hospital bed. "College football as we know it barely survived them upsetting Oklahoma. If we had let teams compete in a—a—a playoff, as they call it, the resulting combination of joy and true competition would have gone against everything the BCS stands for."
Forces on high alert
Security forces went on high alert Monday to avert street clashes in Nepal's capital amid a government power struggle over the prime minister's attempts to fire the army chief.
The prime minister, from Nepal's Maoist party, unleashed the crisis on Sunday by trying to fire the army chief because of their moves to block the enlistment into the military of former Maoist rebels.
The firing sparked mass protests and was later rejected by the country's president, from the main opposition party.
Nepal's Maoists fought a bloody, 10-year war against the government before joining the political mainstream in 2006 and winning the most votes during elections last year after the Himalayan country abolished its centuries-old monarchy. However, many of the former Maoist fighters remain restricted to UN-monitored barracks under a peace accord.
Prime Minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal wants them freed and integrated into the military. But the military chief, Rookmangud Katawal, has resisted those efforts and sparred repeatedly with the government over the issue.
Nepali Congress asks PM to resign
Text & Images: Copyright AP. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited.
Image: Students and supporters of Nepal's opposition political parties, who are against Prime Minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal's decision to fire army chief Rookmangud Katawal, set fire on old tires and block roads during a protest in Kathmandu, on Sunday, May 3, 2009.
A Fully Integrated Solution for Accessing Encrypted Volumes
Elcomsoft Forensic Disk Decryptor offers all available methods for gaining access to information stored in encrypted BitLocker, FileVault 2, PGP, TrueCrypt and VeraCrypt disks and volumes. The toolkit allows using the volume's plain-text password, escrow or recovery keys, as well as the binary keys extracted from the computer's memory image or hibernation file. FileVault 2 recovery keys can be extracted from iCloud with Elcomsoft Phone Breaker, while BitLocker recovery keys are available in Active Directory or in the user's Microsoft Account.
If neither the encryption key nor the recovery key can be extracted, EFDD can extract meta data from the encrypted container to let Elcomsoft Distributed Password Recovery do its job.
Full Decryption, Instant Mount or Attack
With fully automatic detection of encrypted volumes and encryption settings, experts will only need to provide path to the encrypted container or disk image. Elcomsoft Forensic Disk Decryptor will automatically search for, identify and display encrypted volumes and details of their corresponding encryption settings.
Access is provided by either decrypting the entire content of an encrypted volume or by mounting the volume as a drive letter in unlocked, unencrypted mode. Both operations can be done with volumes as attached disks (physical or logical) or raw images; for FileVault 2, PGP and BitLocker, decryption and mounting can be performed using recovery key (if available).
Full Decryption
Elcomsoft Forensic Disk Decryptor can automatically decrypt the entire content of the encrypted container, providing investigators with full, unrestricted access to all information stored on encrypted volumes
Real-Time Access to Encrypted Information
In the real-time mode, Elcomsoft Forensic Disk Decryptor mounts the encrypted volume as a new drive letter on the investigator's PC. In this mode, forensic specialists enjoy fast, real-time access to protected information. Information read from mounted disks and volumes is decrypted on-the-fly in real time.
No Decryption Key and No Recovery Key?
If neither the decryption key nor the recovery key is available, Elcomsoft Forensic Disk Decryptor will extract metadata necessary to brute-force the password with Elcomsoft Distributed Password Recovery.
Elcomsoft Distributed Password Recovery can attack plain-text passwords protecting the encrypted containers with a range of advanced attacks including dictionary, mask and permutation attacks in addition to brute-force. (Note: VeraCrypt is currently not supported.)
Sources of Encryption Keys
Elcomsoft Forensic Disk Decryptor needs the original encryption keys in order to access protected information stored in crypto containers. The encryption keys can be extracted from hibernation files or memory dump files acquired while the encrypted volume was mounted. There are three ways available to acquire the original encryption keys:
By analyzing the hibernation file (if the PC being analyzed is turned off);
By analyzing a memory dump file. A memory dump of a running PC can be acquired with the built-in memory imaging tool.
By performing a FireWire attack (PC being analyzed must be running with encrypted volumes mounted). A free tool launched on investigator's PC is required to perform the FireWire attack (e.g. Inception).
By capturing a memory dump with built-in RAM imaging tool
FileVault 2, PGP and BitLocker volumes can be decrypted or mounted by using the escrow key (Recovery Key).
The state of Michigan has spent roughly $40 million in water-bill credits for Flint residents, but that aid will end this week. (Rebecca Cook/Reuters)
Residents in Flint, Mich., are about to start paying the full cost of their water again, even though what's flowing from their taps has yet to be declared safe to drink without an approved filter.
On Wednesday, state officials will end a program that has helped pay residents' bills since a series of ill-fated decisions by state-appointed emergency managers left the city's water system contaminated with lead. Since that 2014 disaster, the state has spent roughly $41 million in credits to help offset local utility bills. Residents have gotten a 65 percent credit each month on their water use, while commercial accounts received a 20 percent credit.
Anna Heaton, a spokesperson for Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder (R), said the credits are ending “because the city's water meets all federal water quality standards under the Lead and Copper Rule and Safe Drinking Water Act, the same standards as other cities.” They said the threshold honors an agreement reached by Snyder, the Flint government and state lawmakers who originally appropriated money for the utility bill credits. Even so, they added, the state will continue to provide water filters and filter replacement cartridges “to assure residents that the water is safe for consumption even as lead service line replacement is underway.”
The news about the relief program is fueling another round of frustration in Flint, which has one of the highest water rates in the country.
“They want to make it look like they've resolved this thing, that it's fixed,” said Tim Monahan, a carpenter who survived a harrowing bout of Legionnaires' disease after the water problems began. “It's been three years, and we still can't drink the water.”
[‘If I could afford to leave, I would.' In Flint, a water crisis with no end in sight.]
At a recent news conference, Flint Mayor Karen Weaver said the state should continue to pick up the tab for residents' water until it is “tap-drinkable without a filter.”
“This is a trust issue, that's what it is,” said Weaver, who criticized state officials for giving short notice about the credits ending. They had urged that they continue through March and possibly longer.
Last month, the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality said the latest analysis showed the city system tested “below action levels of the federal Lead and Copper Rule and at levels comparable to cities with similar size and age of infrastructure in Michigan and across the nation.”
“This is good news and the result of many partners on the local, county, state and federal levels working together to restore the water quality in the city of Flint,” the agency's director, Heidi Grether, said at the time. “The Flint water system is one of the most monitored systems in the country for lead and copper, and we remain committed to continuing work in Flint as the city recovers.”
Such results, however, don't necessarily ensure that the water is safe. City residents continue to be advised not to drink the water unless it has been properly filtered, and many residents still refuse to use it for cooking or bathing. They rely instead on bottled water.
[Flint's water crisis reveals government failures at every level]
Now that Flint residents will be responsible for paying the full amount of their water bills, the number of delinquent accounts in the cash-strapped city is expected to rise. If that happens, it could further hamper local officials' ability to pay for water from Detroit while working toward connecting to a more permanent water source. In addition, residents with delinquent accounts aren't eligible to have their aging pipes replaced — despite many lines containing a significant source of lead.
Monahan said they and other residents worry the state will also end distribution of bottled water, though officials have insisted that won't happen anytime soon. Their monthly water credit has been negligible, only about $15 or $20 since they use so little water these days. Even so, “it's the principle of the whole thing,” Monahan said. “We shouldn't be paying for the water at all.”
For decades, Flint paid Detroit to have water piped in from Lake Huron, with anti-corrosion chemicals added along the way. Then in early 2014, with the city under the control of an emergency manager appointed by Snyder, officials switched to Flint River water in an effort to cut costs.
But state officials failed to ensure the corrosion-control treatment was continued, and that oversight allowed rust, iron and lead to leach from aging pipes and wind up in residents' homes. The debacle exposed thousands of vulnerable children to high levels of lead, which can cause long-term physical damage and mental impairment, and the contamination also has been linked to the deaths of a dozen people from Legionnaires' disease. More than a dozen state and local officials have been charged with crimes in connection with the water crisis.
Nearly three years later, many residents still don't trust the water. And they trust government officials even less.
Read more:
More than a dozen officials charged with crimes in Flint water crisis
One city's solution to drinking water contamination? Get rid of every lead pipe.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
The city's back lanes, however, might provide an opportunity to efficiently create this welcoming pedestrian environment within existing infrastructure. These narrow, enclosed spaces, generally used for loading and garbage collection, are being reimagined in many cities as an alternate pedestrian network superimposed on the larger street grid, introducing lively, people-first, public space.
Streets with a similar personal scale inspire the vibrant sidewalk culture that makes European city centres an attractive vacation destination for so many, but in our downtown we demand wide, straight roadways designed primarily to funnel cars as quickly as possible into the suburbs. Any efforts to narrow these thoroughfares and improve the pedestrian experience are often met with strong opposition.
The intimacy and human scale that makes residential alleys so great for street hockey are characteristics shared with the narrow urban lanes found throughout many downtown areas. These attractive qualities are leading cities around the world to explore the potential of re-engaging these forgotten urban connectors.
The back lane was a perfect spot to play street hockey when we were kids. The narrow alley was enclosed and protected, houses were close-set, allowing our parents to maintain a watchful eye. The occasional slow-moving vehicle could be accommodated simply with an enthusiastic howl of ‘car!'
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 18/7/2016 (953 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 18/7/2016 (953 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
The back lane was a perfect spot to play street hockey when we were kids. The narrow alley was enclosed and protected, houses were close-set, allowing our parents to maintain a watchful eye. The occasional slow-moving vehicle could be accommodated simply with an enthusiastic howl of ‘car!'
The intimacy and human scale that makes residential alleys so great for street hockey are characteristics shared with the narrow urban lanes found throughout many downtown areas. These attractive qualities are leading cities around the world to explore the potential of re-engaging these forgotten urban connectors.
kristin pauls A pop-up market in the East Exchange District this summer attracted large crowds.
Streets with a similar personal scale inspire the vibrant sidewalk culture that makes European city centres an attractive vacation destination for so many, but in our downtown we demand wide, straight roadways designed primarily to funnel cars as quickly as possible into the suburbs. Any efforts to narrow these thoroughfares and improve the pedestrian experience are often met with strong opposition.
The city's back lanes, however, might provide an opportunity to efficiently create this welcoming pedestrian environment within existing infrastructure. These narrow, enclosed spaces, generally used for loading and garbage collection, are being reimagined in many cities as an alternate pedestrian network superimposed on the larger street grid, introducing lively, people-first, public space.
The city that pioneered reclaiming downtown laneways is Melbourne, Australia. In the early 1980s, that city's downtown was a homogeneous business centre with fewer than 2,000 residents, two outdoor sidewalk patios and 300 metres of active laneways. To breathe life back into downtown, the city developed a strategy to increase the residential population to 10,000 in 15 years. Investments were made in initiatives that would make urban living more attractive. They focused on improving the pedestrian experience by widening sidewalks, planting trees, creating green space and redeveloping their dormant urban laneways.
The design approach was to consider the lanes as a cohesive secondary network that would provide pedestrian mobility and connectivity throughout the downtown. Lanes were either shared with low-volume vehicle traffic or made pedestrian-only, with deliveries and building servicing co-ordinated at off hours.
Alleys were named to help create an identity, and physical improvements were made. New paving, awnings, plants, street furniture and lighting were installed.
tourism australia Opening Melbourne's alleys added a new dimension to urban living in the Australian city.
The improvements carefully retained the gritty, industrial quality of the alleys, preserving the underworld character that provides an enticing and unique experience from other urban environments. Many walls were left adorned with graffiti, and a program of continually evolving public art was established to make each alley a unique gallery of artistic expression.
Most importantly, local businesses were encouraged through financial incentives, promotion and policy change to locate in new storefronts created along the alleyways.
Small spaces were carved into the ground floors of existing buildings, creating new revenue opportunities for owners and encouraging low-rent startups and small business opportunities.
The result has been transformational for Melbourne. The intimate and sheltered qualities of the back lane network provide a finer grain to the city, breaking it down to a personal scale. Like European medieval cities, the narrow lanes, today lined with eateries, bars and boutiques, connect people to each other in a safe and stimulating environment, filled with rich sensory experiences. The attraction of these new public spaces has made downtown Melbourne a desirable place to live, inspiring significant residential development, many with entrances to the laneways. New buildings often incorporate arcades and alleys within their plan to connect to the success of the existing network.
Melbourne's city centre has far surpassed its urban-renewal goals, today home to more than 100,000 people, 500 outdoor patios and 3.5 kilometres of animated lanes. The city now consistently appears at the top of global quality-of-life rankings.
The success of rediscovering urban laneways in Australia is enticing cities in New Zealand, California and even Vancouver and Toronto to begin studying and implementing similar initiatives.
Winnipeg's downtown, which lacks human scale in many areas, would seem to be an ideal candidate for such a transformation. The central lanes dividing the oversized blocks south of Portage Avenue were once an important secondary pedestrian grid, before density was replaced with parking lots. In the Exchange District, lanes and covered passageways are still commonly used as pedestrian connections throughout the neighbourhood.
Awareness for the potential of our downtown laneways has been growing. A number of recent festivals have held parties and pop-up design installations in the alleys of the Exchange District. The Downtown Winnipeg BIZ is currently working through an international design competition called the Backlane Public Art Project for the space behind Mountain Equipment Co-op on Portage Avenue. The winning scheme will be announced and installed this fall. A series of evening outdoor markets has also been happening in various Exchange District alleys this summer (www.alleywaysmarket.ca) to bring attention to these underused spaces.
These events coincide with the construction start of a back lane development project for John Hirsch Place, a former rail spur running behind the buildings on Bannatyne Avenue near Waterfront Drive. Designed by HTFC Planning and Design, the lane will be transformed into Winnipeg's first Woonerf, a Dutch term meaning ‘living street', where cars, pedestrians and cyclists all share public space without physical separation. A perfect place for a game of street hockey.
The lane will be curb-less, with large paving stones running in a dynamic geometric pattern from building edge to building edge. These will be supported on an innovative series of underground storage cells that control stormwater and provide trees with ample soil volumes to ensure they grow healthy and large. Planters, public art and seating will be positioned to slow vehicular traffic to walking speed and make the alleyway a beautiful green finger extending from the riverbank into the Exchange District. The hope is one day shops or restaurants might open into the lane to further activate the space.
This progressive laneway initiative will stand as an example of what these intimate hidden spaces can become and will hopefully be the catalyst for a larger network of active laneways winding through the city centre.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
The future health of downtown Winnipeg depends on our ability to create safe, vibrant, walkable neighbourhoods with the interest and amenities that make urban living attractive. Simply subsidizing the construction of residential units will be a lost investment if we don't also build the conditions that make people want to choose to live downtown.
Increasing active public space is crucial to achieving this, but in low-density cities such as Winnipeg, it must be appropriately scaled. Smaller, far-reaching laneway redevelopment that weaves through the disconnected neighbourhoods of downtown would likely find more success than large plazas and green spaces that often remain empty and under-used.
Forward-looking initiatives like the John Hirsch Place redevelopment are a starting point for looking at urban renewal in a new way, taking advantage of downtown's natural assets to create intimate, pedestrian-focused public space that provides unique experiences not found in the suburbs. With the success of Melbourne in mind, envisioning an active web of green laneways spread through the downtown is a tantalizing image for the future of our city.
Brent Bellamy is a creative director at Number Ten Architectural Group.
bbellamy@numberten.com
Web browsing privacy
The Title II order laid the legal framework for a 2016 FCC decision that required ISPs to get customers' permission before using, sharing, or selling their browsing and app usage histories. The rules were supposed to take effect later this year and were intended to protect broadband users' privacy as ISPs try to challenge Google and Facebook in the advertising market.
President Trump and the Republican-controlled Congress already repealed the rules and took action preventing the FCC from issuing similar rules in the future. If Congress and Trump hadn't done that, the FCC eliminating its own Title II order would have wiped the rules out anyway.
Technically, Section 222 of Title II still applies to ISPs, requiring them to protect the confidentiality of "customer proprietary network information." But since there are no longer any broadband-specific privacy rules designed to implement that requirement, it's unclear what ISPs actually have to do to comply.
The Federal Trade Commission will be able to regulate ISPs' privacy practices if the Title II decision is overturned, because the FTC can regulate companies that aren't classified as common carriers. But FTC enforcement is less strict than the repealed FCC rules: the online advertising industry uses self-regulatory mechanisms in which websites let visitors opt out of personalized advertising based on browsing history, and websites can be punished by the Federal Trade Commission if they break their privacy promises.
Overturning Title II would eliminate the Section 222 requirement on ISPs, but the move would probably help consumers in this instance, since at least the FTC would be able to enforce privacy commitments. But if the Title II privacy rules had taken effect on schedule, then Internet customers would have benefited from a stronger opt-in requirement. If ISPs are regulated by the FTC, they won't have to obtain consumers' opt-in consent before using or sharing browsing histories in order to serve targeted ads.
Pole attachments
The obscure issue of attaching cable or fiber wires to utility poles plays a fairly big role in broadband competition. If new ISPs can't get quick access to poles, construction is delayed or network buildouts become so cumbersome that they're not worth doing at all.
Google Fiber found this out the hard way in some cities where it had to wait for big ISPs to move their wires on each pole before Google Fiber could install its own. Two major cities passed rules letting newcomers like Google Fiber make all of the necessary wire adjustments on their own without waiting for incumbents, and these cities were promptly sued. (Charter and AT&T sued the local government in Louisville, Kentucky, while Comcast and AT&T sued the government in Nashville, Tennessee.)
Title II, as it happens, has a section applying the "just and reasonable" standard to rates, terms, and conditions for pole attachments and access to other infrastructure. The FCC's 2015 Title II order allowed this section to apply to broadband, giving the commission another source of authority in future rulemakings designed to speed up construction for broadband competitors.
The Pai FCC has begun a proceeding on pole attachments with the goal of shortening construction waiting periods, but eliminating the Title II classification could limit the reach of FCC regulation in this area.
"Title II means that companies that are deploying broadband have non-discriminatory access to those poles and [fiber] conduits at reasonable rates," Clyburn said.
The FCC's pole attachment rules apply to privately owned poles except when states opt out of the federal regime and come up with their own method of regulating pole attachments.
Broadband for poor people
In March 2016, the FCC expanded the Lifeline phone subsidy program so that it can also be used to buy Internet service. As a result, poor people can use a $9.25 monthly household subsidy to buy home Internet or mobile broadband.
The Title II reclassification played a role here via Section 254's universal service provisions, because it ensured that "the Universal Service Fund now applies to broadband networks," according to consumer advocacy group Public Knowledge. "The expansion allows eligible telecommunications carriers including broadband-only providers to offer subsidized broadband services to low-income consumers. However, if broadband were to lose its Title II classification, certain providers may no longer qualify to offer subsidized broadband services."
Separately, the Pai FCC has taken steps to limit the expansion of Lifeline broadband subsidies. Pai says they support Lifeline being used for broadband, but their decision to eliminate a new nationwide approval process has made it more difficult for ISPs to gain approval to sell the subsidized plans to low-income consumers.
Title II helps ensure that the FCC is "on solid legal footing" to expand Lifeline broadband access, Clyburn said.
Disability access
The Title II order also applied sections of the statute related to access for people with disabilities, thus requiring ISPs "to ensure that the service is accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities, if readily achievable." The provisions in this statute would continue to apply to landline and mobile phone operators, which were classified as common carriers before 2015. But without the Title II classification of broadband, people with disabilities would not have the same legal protections for broadband-specific services, even though there's a large gap in broadband access between people who have disabilities and those who don't.
Title II makes a difference in how explicitly the FCC can address issues such as hearing aid compatibility in a broadband context, Claude Aiken, Clyburn's wireline legal advisor, told Ars.
What's next
Pai has repeatedly made it clear that they intend to eliminate the Title II classification of broadband, so there probably isn't much hope of stopping the FCC from following through on the plan. The FCC could implement a weakened form of net neutrality rules, but even that might not happen as Pai's proposal argues that throttling of websites might somehow be good for consumers.
Filing comments on the FCC's plan could still be important in future court cases, according to Gigi Sohn, who was a top counselor to former FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler when the commission reclassified ISPs as common carriers. "In-depth comments that address key issues show the breadth of support for the rules and can help bolster the inevitable legal case against the repeal," they wrote.
Comments are still being taken by the FCC at this link. Click "Express" to write a comment directly into the FCC form, or "New Filing" to upload documents.
If the Republican-led FCC's plans go through and the Title II classification is removed from broadband, that merely represents the latest ebb and flow in the history of net neutrality within the US. Advocates of strict net neutrality rules won't give up because they know from experience that things can change.
"There are few decisions we make at the FCC that are final final," Clyburn said. So even if the FCC majority votes to eliminate Title II and net neutrality rules, the Democratic commissioner said that "it will be challenged" in court.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rubio: Trump is Swindling The Republican Party 1:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
SALEM, Virginia — Marco Rubio again unleashed an array of sharp attacks on Republican frontrunner Donald Trump, jabbing at their "small hands" and "spray tan."
In response to the property mogul calling them "little Rubio," Rubio conceded that Trump was taller than him. However, the Florida senator suggested Trump had small hands for their height.
U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump waves to supporters at a rally at Madison City Schools Stadium in Madison, Ala., Feb. 28, 2016. MARVIN GENTRY / Reuters
"And you know what they say about guys with small hands," Rubio said with a smile, prompting stunned laughter from the crowd.
After a brief pause they added: "You can't trust 'em!" The crowd responded with applause.
Rubio also targeted Trump's notorious tan, saying they "doesn't sweat because their pores are clogged from the spray tan."
"Donald Trump isn't gonna make America great, he's gonna make America orange," they said.
The remarks came at an energetic rally at a university in Salem, Virginia, where the young crowd screamed and cheered at every attack line Rubio landed. It was a notable shift in tone from earlier in the day, when Rubio largely laid off the personal attacks on Trump in favor of a focus on their failed business deals and lack of policy proposals.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Donald Trump Fails to Denounce Former KKK Leader's Endorsement 2:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But overall, it was a continuation of Rubio's new strategy of aggressive offense against the GOP frontrunner, which they launched the day before the debate at a spirited rally in Texas and continued to escalate over the past week.
Rubio has called Trump a “con man” seeking to perpetrate “the biggest scam in American political history” on American voters, and attacked them for their failed businesses, allegedly fraudulent real-estate courses and their lack of policy proposals. On Sunday, they also slammed Trump as “unelectable” because they avoided repudiating the KKK.
The most piercing attacks, however, have aimed at Trump's appearance and temperament. Rubio's repeatedly mocked Trump's tan, telling voters Saturday “he should sue whoever did that to their face.” And the day after the debate, Rubio told a crowd in Dallas that Trump was having a “meltdown” during the debate breaks and asked for a full-length mirror, perhaps to check if their “pants were wet.”
Some of those attacks seem to have hit their mark, and in recent days Trump has unleashed their own volley in response, suggesting Rubio puts their makeup on “with a trowel,” that he's a “lightweight” and a “choker” and calling them “little Marco,” prompting Rubio's response on Sunday.
It's part of an effort by Rubio to position themselves as the anti-Trump candidate in the GOP field, in hopes of consolidating the majority of Republican voters that national polling has shown oppose Trump as the GOP nominee. And the energetic crowds they saw as they campaigned across the South on Saturday and Sunday cheering at every Trump knock seemed to suggest Rubio was making some progress in that effort.
Ken Hawley, a small business person from Roanoke, Virginia who attended Rubio's rally Sunday, said while the attacks on Trump “probably should've been done sooner,” they felt like it was resonating.
“I hate it had to go that route [of attacking Trump], but I guess evidently they had to stand up for what's right, so I'm for it,” they said.
But it's also a gamble, as it risks undermining Rubio's claim as the positive, optimistic, and above all, most presidential candidate in the race.
Indeed, some in the crowd for their Sunday night comments, which not-so-slyly hinted at questioning Trump's manhood, said they may have gone too far. Anne Hoge, a retired teacher from Salem, said they had been trying to decide between Rubio and Trump before voting Tuesday and their remarks turned them off.
“I think they spent too much time on Donald Trump, talking about him, and they made some rude comments — so I think I'm less impressed than I was,” they said.
“I expected more of him.”
NYPD officials acted like personal concierges to members of the Orthodox Jewish community — doing favors from providing free parking at weddings to letting wife beaters off the hook, sources told The Post.
“I don't give a s–t, you're giving them DAT [desk appearance ticket] and that's it,” one high-ranking deputy inspector raged after learning that a member of a powerful Hasidic group had been arrested on charges of third-degree assault for attacking their wife, according to a source.
In that case, the charges were downgraded to a desk appearance ticket, allowing the man to avoid arraignment court and more serious penalties, the source said.
“I still remember that as clear as day,” the source said. “That's against protocol.”
Shady dealings such as these are now at the center of a gifts-for-favors corruption scandal, in which two business people are suspected of giving out lavish presents to high-ranking officers.
Jeremy Reichberg, a prominent Borough Park figure, and Jona Rechnitz, a real estate investor, were familiar faces around Brooklyn's 72nd Precinct, where disgraced Deputy Inspector James Grant, who was placed on modified duty last week, would let them park in their private spot, according to sources.
Reichberg was even allowed to attend a roll call at the precinct, where they may have footed the bill for repairs, sources said.
Sources said Grant is hardly the only high-ranking officer who has been giving Orthodox community members special treatment.
Commanding officers often assign cops to Orthodox wedding receptions, including ones at the Rose Castle in Williamsburg and the Ateres Chaya Hall in Borough Park, according to sources.
“It's ridiculous,” a police source said of the practice. “They'll say you have to assign X amount of cops for this reason.”
One community member said that two blocks were closed off around Ateres Chaya in January, when Reichberg's daughter got married there.
So far, five high-ranking officers have been transferred or had their jobs modified as a result of the federal investigation.
Fox News hosts Eric Bolling and Sean Hannity falsely claimed the latest video attacking Planned Parenthood "proves" that the organization has failed to obtain proper consent from women for fetal tissue donations. In fact, as other media outlets have noted, the accusations in the video are focused on a separate organization known as StemExpress.
CMP Releases Sixth Video Attacking Planned Parenthood
Center For Medical Progress Claims Planned Parenthood "Sold Baby Parts Without Patient Consent." In a video released on August 12, the Center for Medical Progress (CMP) claimed Planned Parenthood "sold baby parts without patient consent." The video featured an interview with Holly O'Donnell, a former tissue procurement technician who worked at StemExpress, a middleman company that receives donated tissue from Planned Parenthood which it then sells to medical researchers. During the video, O'Donnell claimed, "If there was a higher gestation, and the technicians needed it, there were times when they would just take what they wanted. And these mothers don't know. And there's no way they would know." Like the five previous deceptively-edited videos CMP has already released, this effort does not include any evidence of illegal activity on the part of Planned Parenthood. [Center for Medical Progress, 8/12/15; Media Matters, 8/12/15]
Fox Hosts Claim Video Proves Planned Parenthood Was "Not Telling These Mothers That They Were Harvesting These Organs"
Sean Hannity: "An Undercover Video Showing They Did Not Tell The Parents." Sean Hannity and their guest, anti-choice activist Lila Rose, repeatedly claimed that the latest video from CMP showed Planned Parenthood "did not tell the parents" about the donation process, and accused Planned Parenthood of breaking multiple laws:
HANNITY: And now we have this: an undercover video showing that they did not tell the parents, they were not telling these mothers that they were harvesting these organs. So many different laws violated here. [...] JEANINE ZAINO: It has not been proven that Planned Parenthood did anything illegal in this and that is their position -- HANNITY: You're wrong. No, Lila, we've had you on the program before. We've had many legal experts on the program as well. There are multiple laws that you keep citing that have been broken. Number one, you can't take it without the parent, or the mother's, consent. Number two, you can't change or alter the procedure to harvest body parts, which they admit, "well we'll crush this part, but not that part of the baby." So there are laws that are broken, correct? LILA ROSE: This is -- exactly. This is actually the fifth law that's showing Planned Parenthood selling without the consent of the mother the parts of the child that they've just aborted. [Fox News, Hannity, 8/13/15]
Eric Bolling: New Video "Proves That They Don't Ask For -- Sometimes They Don't Let The Mother Know." On The Five, co-host Eric Bolling claimed:
BOLLING: They say "full consent" in their literature, and now we have another video, this proves that they don't ask for -- sometimes they don't let the mother know, fully aware, make them fully aware of what they're going to use with them. They're bad -- the abortion part of Planned Parenthood is bad. You got to stop them. Let them reopen as Planned Parenthood 2 and don't provide the services, and then give them taxpayer money. [Fox News, The Five, 8/13/15]
But The Video Refers To Employees Of StemExpress, Not Planned Parenthood, And StemExpress Denies The Allegations
Politico: Video "Appears To Be Referring To StemExpress Technicians Working At A Planned Parenthood Clinic"; StemExpress "Unequivocally" Denies Allegations. Politico noted that the woman interviewed in the CMP video, former StemExpress technician Holly O'Donnell, appeared to be referring to their colleagues -- not Planned Parenthood -- when they claimed they witnessed the illegal collection of fetal tissue without consent (emphasis added):
An anti-abortion group has released its latest video in its campaign against Planned Parenthood, this one featuring an interview with a former StemExpress technician who claims they saw people illegally collect fetal tissue and organs without patients' permission at a clinic. [...] O'Donnell, who has appeared in previous videos released by the Center for Medical Progress, appears to be referring to StemExpress technicians working at a Planned Parenthood clinic. "I'm not going to tell a girl to kill their baby so I can get money. And that's what this company does," they said in the video. No one else is interviewed in the video, and the group making the videos didn't provide any evidence to support their claims. StemExpress said that it has never gotten blood or tissue from a patient without permission and "unequivocally" denied the allegations in the video. [Politico, 8/12/15]
RH Reality Check: "O'Donnell Claims StemExpress Employees Working In Planned Parenthood Clinics Would Obtain Fetal Tissue Without Obtaining Consent." From RH Reality Check:
Despite collecting an estimated several hundred million dollars in P2P related settlements from the likes of Napster, KaZaA and Bolt, prominent artists' managers are complaining that so far, they haven't received any compensation from the labels. According to a lawyer, some are considering legal action.
When EMI, Universal Music and Warner music reached settlement agreements with the likes of Napster, KaZaA and Bolt, they collected hundreds of millions of dollars in compensation – money that was supposed to go to artists whose rights had been allegedly infringed upon when the networks were operating with unlicensed music.
Now, according to an article, the managers of some major artists are getting very impatient, as it appears the very people who were supposed to be compensated – the artists – haven't received anything from the massive settlements. They say the cash – estimated to be as much as $400m – hasn't filtered through to their clients and understandably they're getting very impatient.
Lawyer John Branca, who has represented the likes of The Rolling Stones and Korn, said: “Artist managers and lawyers have been wondering for months when their artists will see money from the copyright settlements and how it will be accounted for.”
Indicating the levels of impatience with the big labels holding the money they added: “Some of them are even talking about filing lawsuits if they don't get paid soon.”
Of course, EMI, Universal and Warner have a different take on the delay, with sources suggesting that it's down to the difficulties in deciding who gets what money, based on the levels of copyright infringement for each individual group or artist.
A recording industry on the back foot having spent most of its time fighting the digital revolution rather than becoming part of it, is clearly trying to hang on to every penny, even when it comes to compensating the artists who they claim they were defending by taking legal action in the first place.
Irving Azoff, who manages Christina Aguilera, The Eagles, Van Halen, REO Speedwagon and Seal (amongst others) says it's hard for artists to get what they deserve from the labels: “They will play hide and seek, but eventually will be forced to pay something,” they said. “The record companies have even tried to credit unrecouped accounts. It's never easy for an artist to get paid their fair share.”
Typically, the labels see it a different way. An EMI spokeperson said that it was “sharing proceeds from the Napster and Kazaa settlements with artists and writers whose work was infringed upon” while Warner's said the label is “sharing the Napster settlement with its recording artists and songwriters, and at this stage nearly all settlement monies have been disbursed.”
The Universal spokesperson spoke only of the label's ‘policy' of sharing “its portion of various settlements with its artists, regardless of whether their contracts require it” with no mention of whether it had actually done this or not.
But typically, when money is involved, things start to get murky. The same sources who suggested the reasons for the delay in making payments are also suggesting that there might not be much money to even give to the artists.
It's being claimed that after legal bills were subtracted from the hundreds of millions in settlements, there wasn't much left over to hand out.
Italian Senate Strips Berlusconi Of Their Seat
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tony Gentile /Reuters/Landov Tony Gentile /Reuters/Landov
Update at 12:25 p.m. ET. Berlusconi Expelled:
"Vote is done. Berlusconi is no longer senator," Reuters reported just before noon ET on its live blog.
So, former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, who as we said earlier has survived many other threats to their political life, now faces perhaps their most serious challenge.
Stripped of their power base in the Senate, the 77-year-old news media mogul may now pay for the crimes he's already been convicted of carrying out — which include tax fraud and paying for sex with an underage prostitute. They also now faces possible arrest on other charges as prosecutors pursue other corruption allegations.
There's a Q&A from the BBC that walks through Berlusconi's previous convictions and the ramifications of Wednesday's action in the Senate. One important note: "Because of their age, they are expected to serve [time under] house arrest, but they have the option of asking to do community service instead."
On a 2012 tax fraud conviction, the BBC notes, Berlusconi was "sentenced to four years in prison, automatically reduced to one under a 2006 pardon act." In March 2013 they were sentenced to one year in jail for arranging a police wiretap on a political rival and then leaking information from it. In June 2013, Berlusconi was sentenced "to seven years in jail and banned from ever again holding public office" on the sex charge. That conviction is being appealed.
Looking ahead, The Guardian writes, Berlusconi "has been ordered to stand trial on charges of bribing a senator in an attempt to bring down [former Prime Minister] Romano Prodi's government."
Our original post follows with more on the day's debate in the Italian Senate and why this may be the last of Berlusconi's nine political lives:
Click here for a Channel 4 webcast of Italian senators debating whether to expel former Premier Silvio Berlusconi from their ranks. A vote is expected later today. (The webcast's audio is not translated, but you don't have to understand Italian to get the gist.)
As we've reported, a Senate panel in October recommended stripping Berlusconi of their seat. The 77-year-old, the BBC reminds readers, has been:
-- "Convicted of paying for sex with an underage prostitute and of abuse of power for asking police to release them when they were arrested for theft; under appeal."
-- "Convicted of tax fraud in [a] case focusing on the purchase of the TV rights to US films by their company, Mediaset."
-- "Acquitted in several other cases; also convicted in several, only to be cleared on appeal; others expired under statute of limitations."
Earlier Wednesday, Reuters says, the never-shy Berlusconi told their supporters at a rally in Rome that this is "a bitter day, a day of mourning for Italian democracy." Reuters is live blogging and also has live video of the rally outside Berlusconi's home.
Berlusconi has survived many other threats to their political life. But the BBC notes that:
The Champions League is the ultimate test for European clubs, and before the start of this season's group stage, ESPN FC is looking back and asking you to decide which was the best of the 22 teams that won the tournament in the current era.
- Europe's best, from Marseille to Real Madrid
Starting Monday, our #UltimateUCL feature will ask you to vote as the champions go head-to-head, from Marseille in 1993 to Real Madrid in 2014.
Here is a look at how the contest will work:
Seedings
A panel of ESPN FC writers ranked the 22 Champions League winners, and those votes were collated into the following seedings:
#UltimateUCL seeds 1 Barcelona 2011 2 Barcelona 2009 3 Bayern Munich 2013
4 AC Milan 1994 5 Man Utd 1999 6 Ajax 1995 7 Juventus 1996
8 Man Utd 2008 9 Real Madrid 2002 10 Internazionale 2010
11 Real Madrid 2014 12 Barcelona 2006 13 Bayern Munich 2001
14 AC Milan 2007 15 Real Madrid 2000 16 AC Milan 2003
17 Borussia Dortmund 1997 18 Marseille 1993 19 Chelsea 2012
20 Porto 2004 21 Real Madrid 1998 22 Liverpool 2005
Format
In order to finalise the Round of 16 lineups, six play-in games are required, in which the lowest 12 seeds will compete against each other. The six winners will be placed alongside the top 10, and the matchups are as follows:
#UltimateUCL play-in games 11 Real Madrid 2014 vs. 22 Liverpool 2005
12 Barcelona 2006 vs. 21 Real Madrid 1998
13 Bayern Munich 2001 vs. 20 FC Porto 2004
14 AC Milan 2007 vs. 19 Chelsea 2012
15 Real Madrid 2000 vs. 18 Marseille 1993
16 AC Milan 2003 vs. 17 Borussia Dortmund 1997
After the Round of 16. the quarterfinals and semifinals will follow before the two remaining teams battle it out in the final.
Voting
For each round, voting begins at noon ET / 4 p.m. GMT and ends at 9 a.m ET / 1 p.m. GMT on the appointed day. Here is the round-by-round schedule by date:
#UltimateUCL voting dates and times Sept. 8-9: Play-in games
Sept. 10-11: Round of 16
Sept. 11-12: Quarterfinals
Sept. 12-14: Semifinals
Sept. 14-16: Final
So start thinking about the great teams you have watched over the years, and consider which of them is the best of the best.
You can also comment below or on Twitter, using the hashtag #UltimateUCL.
Cook County medical examiners in Illinois announce findings in the mysterious death of lottery winner Urooj Khan confirming their death was a homicide due to cyanide toxicity.
A Chicago man who died the day after they collected on a $1 million scratch-off lottery ticket was killed by cyanide poisoning, a medical examiner ruled Friday, confirming an earlier finding.
The announcement shed no further light on the death of the man, Urooj Khan. Authorities dug up their body last month in hopes of learning more, but the tissue had decomposed too badly to yield any additional clues, the medical examiner said.
Dr. Stephen Cina, medical examiner for Cook County, said that blood tests after the exhumation confirmed the finding. They also told reporters that they could not conclude how the cyanide was administered. It can be swallowed, inhaled or injected.
Coronary artery disease was ruled a contributing factor after examiners found an artery 75 percent blocked, Cina said.
Khan, an Indian immigrant, came to Chicago in the 1980s and opened their own dry-cleaning shop in 2004. They owned three by the time of their death, in addition to five condominiums that they rented out.
They bought the lottery ticket at a Chicago 7-Eleven last June, scratched it off and said later that they were so giddy at what they found that they tipped the clerk $100.
Illinois Lottery via Reuters Urooj Khan of Chicago is pictured holding their winning $1 million lottery ticket in this photo from the Illinois Lottery.
They died in July, at 46, one day after the state of Illinois cut them a check for $424,449, their winnings on the ticket after they chose a one-time payment and after subtracting taxes. They threw up blood the same day, a relative said.
The medical examiner first ruled that Khan had died from natural causes. Six months later, authorities said they had conducted further tests — at the request of a relative they did not name — and determined it was cyanide poisoning.
Since Khan's death, their widow has battled with their brother and sister over control of their estate, including the winnings, documents published by NBCChicago.com show. The widow, Shabana Ansari, denies removing money from the estate.
Ansari told The Associated Press last month that their husband had no enemies.
“I was shattered. I can't believe he's no longer with me,” they said.
Police are still investigating.
Cina said that “non-specific residue” was also found in Khan's stomach. They said that it was possible cyanide had seeped into the tissue as well, but that cyanide has a short half-life and might have dissipated past the point of detection.
RELATED:
$1 million lottery winner fatally poisoned by cyanide
Lottery winner killed by cyanide was immigrant, family man
This story was originally published on
Modern applications of the microservices age are defined by a set of microservices. Still most of the applications need some sort of authentication and authorization mechanism. Let's imagine a client component that communicates with a gorup of microservices, but every interaction need to be authenticated and authorized.
By reference tokens
Typically authentication and authorization logic utilizes tokens. That token is generated by some AuthService. AuthService can authenticate a user, let's say by their username and password. Conceivable this service is able to authorize particular user by matching rights & roles data.
Well knows protocols utilizing token by reference validation are kerberos, CAS and OAuth . Not going into protocol details here, we can summarize, that some Authorization Service will give you at least one token, that has to be used for every interaction with protected service...
Like shown in the diagram, once acquired token is used in all following service calls. Receiving service need check validity of the token or even query some autorisation details. In a cae of reference tken, every service need to contact AuthService again on ever interaction. This also means that token is only a reference to the user-data and the whole data set behind it. The service is able to fetch everything it needed using that token reference.
In the age of monoliths1 and statefull backend workers this approach had probably more advantages than disadvantages.
Recalling that microservices are tending to be stateless (state is inhibiting, think of REST). Also if services are tending to be small and simple, the complexity is not completely gone, it just moved out of services to the level of interactions and communication between the services and we need to be very careful here. Imagine 10 and more services as backend of one Single Page Applications that need to talk to one authoritative service just to verify tokens on every request...
Let me summarize why utilization of by reference tokens protocols become less favorably :
AuthService become single point of failure, need to be always online (Even several seconds of downtime means complete outage.
Every microservice has to know where to find the AuthService and how to talk to it (adds code + complexity).
Increases communication complexity
By that increases complexity if infrastructure code (firewalls, properties with service names, more environment dependent parts)
Makes deployment complex
Makes development and tests complex (more mocking needed potentially)
Don't scale well with increasing number of services
JSON Web tokens (by value)
So we need something like token by value, tokens that contain and not reference all needed information (at least for authentication & authorization) and could be validated in place, by the calle microservice self, but also protected by cryptography in untrusted environments.
This is exactly what JSON Web Tokens (JWT) are for!
Utilizing crypthographic function you can take a portion of information including validity period and authenticate this information cryptographically to the form of a token - JWT. And since the tokens could be validated in place this token enables us to build architectures that far less coupled to the AuthService and potentially influencing the design of AuthService itself, by reducing it's complexity drastically.
However some complexity remains. There are two cryptographical ways to to authenticate and both require cryptographical keys:
You can use one shared key 2 utilizing HMAC.
utilizing HMAC. Asymmetric RSA and ECDSA algorithms..
JWT crypto details discussion
With shared key you get complexity and risks of shared key distribution.
* First you need to distribute new keys relatively synchronously to all services, or make services robust by checking several keys. Both adds complexity to your micro or macro architecture. * If you have to share key in an environment you can't trust to 100% (technicaly or organisationaly) it becomes security problem. Everyone who has a key can sign tokens.
This is where asymmetric algorithms can help. Symetric algorihms maintain key-pair: public and private, public key is designed to be not a secret, so you can share it with all services that need to validate your tokens even with services, you can't trust at all. You just only need to secure your private key and to the issuing service.
The main difference between RSA and ECDSA lies in speed and key size. ECDSA requires smaller keys to achieve the same level of security as RSA. This makes it a great choice for small JWTs.
Keep in mind JWT do not encrypt your data , so do not put enything sensitive into it=. But it's well suited being a token or hold userId (should be not sensitive at all). Hover, nothing prevents you from taking this to the next level: You could also encrypt your JWT token (not covered here)
JWT code example
Maybe code example will undermine previous advisement. Here an example of HMAC based shared key JWT use case.
I this example i relay on jwtk/jjwt java library. Let's start with maven dependencies.
<dependency> <groupId>io.jsonwebtoken</groupId> <artifactId>jjwt</artifactId> <version>0.7.0</version> </dependency>
and here is code sample that generates JWT token
public String createToken(long userId, String userEmail, long ttlMillis) { //Get current timestamp long nowMillis = System.currentTimeMillis(); // Let's set the JWT Claims JwtBuilder builder = Jwts.builder().setIssuedAt(new Date(nowMillis)).setSubject(String.valueOf(userId)) .setIssuer("MyAuthoritativeService") .claim("email", userEmail) .signWith(SignatureAlgorithm.HS256, jwtKey) .setExpiration(getExpDate(nowMillis, ttlMillis)); // Builds the JWT and serializes it to a compact, URL-safe string return builder.compact(); }
Here token is generated for userId and userEmail that are "backed in" as two claims. The getExpDate(nowMillis, ttlMillis) method produces expiration Date. Here jwtKey is used as pre-shared key. The resulting token may look like this:
eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjM0NTY3ODkwIiwiZW1haWwiOiJteXVzZXJuYW1lQGdtYWlsLmNvbSIsInJvbGUiOiJtYXN0ZXIifQ.Le-mu-DstBdPhSoaeaN9Rl_TlIe05NLpsy2vs_q8c74
Let's look at the validation code part:
Jws<Claims> claims = Jwts.parser().setSigningKey(jwtKey).parseClaimsJws(token); String userId = claims.getBody().getSubject();//Subject is user ID in this example. Object email = claims.getBody().get("email");
Here token is parsed by use of the Key ( jwtKey ) and two backends in claims are extracted from the body. Of course different exception may occur on parsing.
Token could be just invalid and signature violated or token can be already expired of course you should react on that exceptions.
More JWT details
JWT is standardised by RFC7519. As you maybe recongnized, by example token, JWT consist of 3 parts:
JOSE Header : JSON object containing the parameters describing the cryptographic operations and parameters employed. The JOSE (JSON Object Signing and Encryption)
: JSON object containing the parameters describing the cryptographic operations and parameters employed. The JOSE (JSON Object Signing and Encryption) JWS Payload : The sequence of octets to be secured -- a.k.a. the message. The payload can contain an arbitrary sequence of octets
: The sequence of octets to be secured -- a.k.a. the message. The payload can contain an arbitrary sequence of octets JWS Signature: Digital signature or MAC over the JWS Protected Header and the JWS Payload
I hope you like it.
I will propose two token solution with JWT next time.
Pictures of Tamima Abbas's dead sons hang on their living room wall: strong-looking men in uniform, toting guns, some forever caught in a smile. Next to them hangs a portrait of a resolute President Bashar al-Assad.
Since the Syrian conflict began, Ms. Abbas, a widow, has lost four of their eight sons. But their loyalties remain to Mr. Assad, who they see as guardian of Syria's sovereignty and sectarian diversity.
“Our country needs these martyrs. Inshallah, with the help of the martyrs' blood and the wisdom of Bashar al-Assad, we will get out of this crisis," they say, tears running down their cheeks. “I gave my sons to the country, and there is nothing more valuable than the country."
The Abbas family's tragedy is indicative of deeper losses. Of the estimated 150,000 or more people killed in Syria over the past three years, at least 58,000 died fighting for the regime, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a London-based opposition monitoring group. Armed opposition groups have lost nearly 38,000 fighters.
The regime's survival hinges on the continued loyalty of those like Abbas, and on sustaining the morale of its beleaguered forces, who have been propped up by fighters from the Lebanese Shiite militant group Hezbollah.
“The government is definitely feeling the effects of the war economically and in terms of manpower and morale,” says David Lesch, professor of Middle Eastern History at Trinity University in San Antonio, Texas. “It has lost significantly more fighters than the opposition."
Paramilitary defenders
Three years ago, six of Abbas's sons heeded the regime's calls to “protect” their neighborhoods from “terrorists” and “armed gangs,” as it calls the opposition. Them sons quit their public sector jobs and joined pro-government militias, the infamous shabiha. Armed, trained, and paid by the regime, they were later merged into the National Defense Force (NDF), a government paramilitary force.
Largely composed of Alawites, Christians and Druze, who see Assad as the protector of Syria's minorities, the NDF is considered more loyal and motivated than regular army units. Abbas declined to say which faith their family follows. NDF recruits have fought for Assad in contested suburbs all over Damascus.
Mahmoud, 38, Abbas, 37, and Yaroub, 26, were killed in battle in these suburbs. When news of the family's loss reached the presidential palace, Abbas was invited to meet Assad – a moment captured in a photograph that they have proudly framed and hung on their living room wall, near the pictures of their sons.
“At first, I couldn't believe the invitation,” they say. “But then two cars came to pick me up and took me to the presidential palace. They said I had 20 minutes with the president, but they gave me 1 1/2 hours, postponing other meetings for my sake. They were very kind, and really concerned about the country. They put everything – all the losses – on their shoulders.”
Shortly after, the fourth son, Amar, 27, was killed in a bombing in their Damscus neighborhood of Tadamon.
Loyalty as only option
With the regime constantly repeating – and finding some evidence for – their claim to be defending the nation against “foreign terrorists,” many Assad loyalists see no other option. For others, the fragmented opposition doesn't seem a viable alternative. Still, there are murmurs of discontent among the bereaved.
“One hears stories – from Alawites – of widespread discontent over casualties in Alawite areas; that people wonder what the total scope of sacrifice will be required to keep a particular clan in power," says Fredric C. Hof, a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council and the former Syrian opposition liaison to the US.
A string of regime gains and renewed confidence of a victory has tamped down that discontent. Backed by Hezbollah, government forces have recaptured strategically important areas in Qalamoun, a region between Homs and Damascus, adjacent to Lebanon. It has also clawed back territory in Aleppo, a former opposition stronghold, and Damascus, including Tadamon, where the sounds of sniper and mortar fire are audible in the Abbas family living room.
Opposition groups have launched an offensive in Assad's home province of Latakia, but gains in that bastion of regime support are generally seen as temporary.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Tamina Abbas is still willing to pay the price. They have two sons left in the NDF. Well-meaning neighbors tell them that they have lost enough and urge them to encourage them to lay down their weapons, but they refuse.
“It would be a lie to say that I'm not worried about them,” they say. “But the country is worth a lot to us, so I encourage them to be strong, like lions.”
With the Bears enjoying their day off from practice in Bourbonnais, it has been a relatively slow news day for Bears fans. While roaming the Twitter-verse desperately looking for any sort of Bears talk, I encountered some Skip Bayless Bears love. I was taken back when I read the words in my newsfeed from their account. Many relate Skip Bayless to their negative display towards a lot of professional athletes. When you go to Google and start to type the words “Skip Bayless is…” here are the results.
I have to say 5 of those 5 things sound like they could be true about Skip Bayless. I've never been too fond of them either. Jalen Rose once put them directly in their place as many fans wish they could.
That is why it came as a surprise when Skip Bayless was openly acknowledging the Bears and Jay Cutler on Twitter. I have never been more surprised to see Bears love coming from somebody. What's next, is Trent Dilfer going to give Jay Cutler a bro-fist?
While we have your attention, please take a minute and swing by our Message Boards to discuss Chicago Sports with many other fans. http://chicitysports.com/forum
Although there are more questions than answers for how exactly Toronto FC II depth will look in the 2017 season, we are starting to have a clearer picture of what the future will hold for the starting XI.
Defenders Mitchell Taintor and Anthony Osorio both had their contract options picked up for the 2017 season. Mitchell Taintor, an American 2016 MLS SuperDraft pick, made 23 appearances last season, and will likely feature in 2017 depending on who Toronto selects in the upcoming draft. Anthony Osorio, the younger brother of Jonathan Osorio who played a vital role in the first team's 2016 season, is continuing to develop as a talented defender-making 24 starts in the 2016 season.
Canadian midfielder Luca Uccello had their contract option picked up, which is no surprise to anyone. After playing off the bench in Toronto FC's preseason friendly match in 2016 against California State University Fullerton, they had a successful season with 20 appearances and 3 goals. At only 19 years of age, the Toronto FC administration will be looking forward to continued development and hoping to convert Uccello's potential into first-team results in the next few years. American midfielder Brian James will also be returning for their second season with TFC II-he played in 29 of Toronto FC II's 30 games this last season, as well as replacing Daniel Lovitz for the final six minutes of the 4-2 semi-final first leg win over Montreal Impact in the Canadian Championship.
Trinidadian striker Ricardo John is returning in 2017 for their first full season with Toronto FC II. John's signing was announced August 4th of 2016, with only two months of the season left. This was enough time for the 21-year-old to make an impact however, as they managed 3 goals in their 4 appearances prior to the end of the season. Canadian striker Raheem Edwards returns to play in the 2017 season. Edwards proved themselves as one of TFC II's most effective strikers, equaling Shaan Hundal's 6 goals this season. Edwards also made an appearance in the Canadian Championship, coming on for Jonathan Osorio in the second half of the second leg of the final-as well as making their MLS debut on July 2, 2016 against Seattle. With Edwards at 21 years of age, and Shaan Hundal-already on contract for the 2017 season, at the tender age of 17; Toronto FC has a lot to look forward to in their young striker team for TFC II.
Aidan Daniels, Malik Johnson, and Liam Fraser are already under contract for the 2017 season, and the club has re-signed Bubacarr Jobe to a USL contract. Daniels, Johnson, and Fraser are 18 and Jobe is 22, making TFC II's team once again a very youthful crop with what will hopefully be a great future. 7 of the 11 players confirmed for the 2017 season are Canadian, so if Toronto FC is able to capitalize on their development system-there is hope that a future Toronto FC team will better represent the great white north.
Management has not exercised the option on midfielder Martin Davis and will allow defenders Skylar Thomas and Wesley Charpie and midfielders Adam Bouchard and Sal Bernal to become free agents at year's end.
Liked it? Take a second to support NSXI on Patreon!
Nathanael Martin Nathanael is a Political Theory MA graduate Not-For-Profit Professional who spends way too much of their time reading about, writing on, and watching the beautiful game. After playing soccer throughout childhood, their love was rekindled when Toronto FC gave them the opportunity to cheer for a local soccer team on the national stage. Since then, they have become passionate about Canadian soccer and the development of Canadian players through the Toronto Academy system and other branches of Canadian soccer.
Like this: Like Loading...
3D V-NAND's destiny
Samsung's 850 EVO SSD has been a long time coming. We got our first hint of its existence in July, when the firm revealed that it was developing a TLC version of its 3D V-NAND. More details on the three-bit variant were released in August, when Samsung confirmed that the flash was destined for the 850 EVO. Then, in October, mass production of TLC V-NAND chips began, setting the stage for today's formal unveiling.
The new EVO has some Shaq-sized shoes to fill. Samsung claims that its predecessor, the 840 EVO, is the best-selling SSD on the market. We haven't seen sales figures to support that assertion, but the EVO does have more than double the number of Amazon user reviews of its peers. An overwhelming majority of those—4,540 as I write this—give the drive a five-star rating.
Our expectations are especially high because the 850 EVO's elder sibling, the 850 Pro, is the fastest SATA SSD we've ever tested. Samsung's latest hotness is based on the same core technology, just with an extra bit per cell and some clever caching to pick up the slack. And it's backed by a higher endurance rating and longer warranty than most SSDs.
In the realm of SATA SSDs, the 850 EVO is kind of a big deal. Let's see what it can do.
TLC in three dimensions
The defining element of the 850 EVO is easily its three-dimensional flash. This is new, three-bit implementation has the same 32-layer structure as the MLC V-NAND in the 850 Pro. The cell geometry is the same, and the die area should be similar, but the chips are fabbed at a different facility. Samsung doesn't mass-produce V-NAND and then sort the results into MLC and TLC bins; the chips in the 850 EVO were born to host three bits per cell
Indeed, this entire generation of V-NAND seems tailor-made for TLC. The individual chips offer 128Gb of capacity with three bits per cell, a much rounder number, at least in PC storage terms, than their 86Gb MLC payload. That makes perfect sense, because V-NAND's strengths nicely offset TLC's weaknesses.
Three-bit flash has lower write performance and endurance than its two-bit counterpart. The extra bit is at fault: it requires the cell to differentiate between twice as many possible values within the same limited voltage range. Writing and verifying data is more difficult—and slower—as a result. TLC's higher bit density makes the cells more sensitive to normal flash wear and more prone to interference from adjacent cells.
V-NAND tackles those weaknesses in several ways. First, it trades the floating gates typically found in planar NAND for a 3D charge-trap that's inherently more robust. This structure stores electrons in a trapping oxide that wrap around a vertical electron channel. The oxide is an insulator, so any physical damage only affects electrons in the immediate vicinity. With floating gates, a breach in the oxide can drain the entire contents of the cell, rendering it useless.
Stacking cells vertically also helps V-NAND's endurance. Instead of increasing the bit density by making the cells smaller, and thus weaker, Samsung lays down multiple layers based on a fairly large 40-nm planar geometry. The company claims this coarser 2D process puts enough distance between the cells to completely eliminate interference along the horizontal bit lines. Samsung says there's enough space between the layers to virtually eliminate interference along the vertical word lines.
With less interference to worry about, V-NAND can employ a simpler programming algorithm that improves write performance. It can also exploit the inherent robustness of the trapping oxide to program the cells more aggressively—or write less aggressively to extend the life of the flash.
TLC V-NAND still has an extra bit per cell, so it can't match the peak speed or endurance of its MLC counterpart. However, Samsung claims the EVO's flash is good enough to keep up with the planar MLC NAND found in most SSDs.
Capacity Max sequential (MB/s) Max 4KB random (IOps) Endurance
(TBW) Price $/GB Read Write 120GB 540 520/140 94k 88k/38k 75TB $99.99 $0.83 250GB 540 520/270 97k 88k/70k 75TB $149.99 $0.60 500GB 540 520/420 98k 90k/80k 150TB $269.99 $0.54 1TB 540 520/420 98k 90k/80k 150TB $499.99 $0.48
The endurance ratings certainly put the EVO in MLC territory. According to the official specs, the 120GB and 250GB versions are good for 75TB of total writes, while the 500GB and 1TB flavors can withstand 150TB. Impressively, the larger EVOs have the same endurance rating as the 850 Pro.
We don't have any V-NAND units in our ongoing endurance test, but that experiment has taught us that SSDs can last much longer than their specifications promise. Common sense also tells us that point is largely academic. PC users typically write no more than a few terabytes a year, which is much less than modern drives are rated to survive.
Note that the specs table lists two write speeds for each drive capacity. The first figure describes the performance of TurboWrite, a flash-based caching scheme inherited from the 840 EVO. TurboWrite addresses a portion of the flash in a single-bit SLC configuration that offers higher performance and endurance than even MLC setups. Incoming writes are funneled into this cache and then moved to TLC storage during idle periods. If the cache is filled before it can be flushed, inbound data proceed directly to three-bit cells, and write performance drops accordingly. The second set of write speed figures in the table above refer to TLC writes.
We're waiting on Samsung to confirm the cache sizes for the various capacities, but if the implementation is the same as in the 840 EVO, the 1TB drive has a 9GB cache, the 500GB has 6GB, and the others have 3GB. That's not loads of storage, but it should be sufficient to cover the shorter, bursty writes typical of client workloads. The 850 EVO's performance specs also suggest caching effectively offsets the performance penalty associated with lower-capacity SSDs. Despite lacking sufficient flash dies to exploit the controller's highly parallel NAND interface, the 120GB and 250GB drives nearly match the TurboWrite peaks of the higher-capacity EVOs.
In a surprise twist, the 850 EVO 1TB pictured above uses the same triple-core MEX controller as the 850 Pro, while the rest of the family taps a newer MGX chip with only two cores. Samsung contends that V-NAND's raw performance is good enough for the smaller drives to reach top speed with one fewer core. The greater "hardware automation" introduced with the MEX generation likely lessens the need for additional general-purpose horsepower, as well.
Dropping a core saves cost and power, both important factors in the solid-state sphere. SSD makers are increasingly competing on price, and Samsung is evidently shaving pennies wherever it can. Just look at the tiny circuit board used for the 250GB variant:
For additional perspective, here's how the two drives look inside their 2.5" shells:
Samsung packs a lot of other goodness into these tiny packages. The 850 EVO's 256-bit AES encryption is compliant with the TCG Opal 2.0 and IEEE 1667 standards, meeting the requirements for Microsoft's eDrive system. The drive supports the ultra-low-power DevSleep state, and it can throttle its clocks to prevent overheating in toasty environments. Then there's the five-year warranty, a premium perk that defies the series' mid-range pricing.
The EVO works with Samsung's excellent SSD Magician utility, which monitors health stats, performs firmware updates, and migrates old data to new drives. That utility also includes RAPID mode, an optional, DRAM-based caching scheme similar to Windows' SuperFetch mechanism.
We haven't tested DRAM caching in this review (there's a full suite of RAPID results in our 850 Pro coverage), but we have put the 850 EVO 250GB and 1TB through their paces against a deep field of competitors. Our performance analysis begins on the next page.
What is the Lenovo Yoga Book exactly? The Yoga Book looks to combine productivity and entertainment. It's a hybrid between a laptop and a tablet than runs on Android, and has an accompanying notepad and pen stylus. The built-in touchpad keyboard and the stylus are there to make taking notes a breeze. Plus, the easy foldability provides the convenience of a basic tablet. We first got our hands on the Yoga Book at IFA earlier this year, and we're still impressed now for our final review. Best Android tablets
Hands on Lenovo Moto Z Play review
Rating
Good ✓ Elegant design
✓ Stylus with good accuracy
✓ Innovative keyboard
✓ Well put-together Bad ✕ Performance could be better
✕ Keyboard may feel awkward to use
Lowest price: Lenovo Yoga Book Best price $ 328 . 98 Check Offers
Lenovo Yoga Book design and build quality The Lenovo Yoga book is remarkably lean. The manufacturer advertises it as "the world's thinnest 2-in-1" because, when closed, it measures 9.6 mm at its thickest point and 4.05 mm at its thinnest. Thanks to the use of magnesium and aluminum, the Yoga Book should, despite its thinness, remain robust. The halves are connected by a hinge and each half of the device can fold flat against the other in either direction. The closed position. / © AndroidPIT Weighing 690 grams, the Yoga Book is light for a 10.1-inch hybrid tablet. The connectors, which include a micro-USB port and a mini HDMI port, are found on one of the shorter sides of the frame. On the opposite side, the power button and volume rocker reside. The open position. / © AndroidPIT The hinge that connects the keyboard and the screen looks delicate at first, but once you start changing the screen's angles around a bit, you will feel how strong and stable it is immediately. Who knows if this will wear out after months or years of use though. The buttons on the right side are for power and volume. / © AndroidPIT On the right side of the keyboard is the standard 3.5 mm headphone jack, while on the left we find the micro USB and HDMI ports as mentioned above, as well as a microSD card slot, which supports up to 128 GB. The selfie camera is centered just above the screen.
Lenovo Yoga Book display The 10.1-inch Full HD IPS display is interesting for its price range. The display is just below the classic Full HD, with 1,920 x 1,200 resolution. The screen density is thus only 224 ppi, which is noticeable if you look hard enough or are more familiar with 2K screens. The screen does not support pen input. / © AndroidPIT The screen brightness is a bit deceiving at first, as the Lenovo wallpapers are dark and give the impression that the screen brightness may be weak. In fact, though, the screen is sufficiently bright, if a little underwhelming. It reaches a maximum brightness of 375 cd / m², and a contrast level of 1,100:1. The interesting thing about the display is really the stylus, which we'll get to next.
Lenovo Yoga Book special features Real Pen - stylus and ballpoint pen Turn off the Halo keyboard to use the screen area with the stylus. The Real Pen contains actual ink and can, therefore, be used to write on paper. Place a piece of paper over the screen, and whatever you draw or write will be translated 1:1 onto the tablet. You can use any kind of paper up to one centimeter thick, not just the kind that comes on the special magnetic pad in the box. The ink refills for the pen cost $14.99 for a pack of three. Changing the plastic tip for an ink tip is easy with the Real Pen. / © AndroidPIT Of course you can also write directly onto the panel and use the space as you would a Wacom graphics tablet, just remove the ink refill and replace it with the included plastic tip. The pen offers 2,048 levels of pressure. The Real Pen comes from Wacom feel Technologies and works with electromagnetic resonance (EMR) technology, allowing the pen to operate independently of batteries or cords. Any notes you make are recorded, even when the device is sleeping. / © AndroidPIT The note-taking software can also be used when the display is switched off: just enable the touch surface, make a note and then switch the display back on. The digitization and storage takes place in the background. The next time you wake the tablet from standby, a notification will alert you to any new notes you have made. Integrated halo keyboard The so-called halo keyboard is a full, illuminated touch-screen keyboard. The touch screen is made of rough, matte glass; only when necessary are the white outlines of the virtual buttons displayed. The Halo keyboard uses learning software to adapt to the typing habits of the user. They keyboard can turn off, allowing you to take notes by hand on the same area. / © AndroidPIT To ensure tactile and audible feedback when typing, the keyboard vibrates and plays some sounds when you tap it. These, of course, can be disabled in the settings. The trackpad is a bit limited in the Android version of the tablet. You can use it as a cursor, but more advanced gestures like scrolling and pinch-to-zoom require you to use the touchscreen. The trackpad on the Android version is somewhat limited. / © AndroidPIT In our review of the Lenovo Yoga Book, the keyboard proved a little stiff, but this should significantly improve after several days of use, once the learning software has had some time to adjust. At the beginning, it can feel a bit awkward to use, but you may find yourself getting used to it after a while.
Lenovo Yoga Book software The Yoga Book has its own Book UI based on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. It is easily adjusted to be used with a mouse and keyboard, and, on the home screen, it provides additional shortcuts that are reminiscent of the Windows interface. The quick-launch toolbar looks similar to those on Windows or OS X. / © AndroidPIT The multitasking view has been slightly improved, so that switching between multiple apps is more convenient than it is in stock Android. You can use more apps simultaneously, enlarge and collapse them. Lenovo has optimized the tablet for multitasking. / © AndroidPIT The multitasking view is very useful. About one third of the screen is taken up by a "floating" app that can be used alongside another app. You can use up to three apps at the same time, and it feels very similar to using Windows 10. Lenovo has pre-installed a selection of Microsoft apps. These include the typical office apps – Excel, PowerPoint, Word and OneNote. To use them, you only need to register, which is free of charge.
Lenovo Yoga Book performance The Yoga Book has surprisingly strong features for its low price. It is powered by an Intel Atom Z8550 X5 quad-core 2.4 GHz processor, backed by 4 GB of RAM and 64 GB of internal memory, enough for numerous apps and documents to be used in parallel. The internal storage can be extended by an additional 128 GB via the microSD slot. One reason Lenovo chose the Intel chipset is because of the Windows version of the tablet. So, it may be the case that they wanted to choose a chipset that would accommodate both systems. Yoga Book has 4 GB of RAM and 64 GB of memory. / © AndroidPIT For daily use, the processor, RAM and storage combo holds up. We didn't notice any bugs or lag in animations and transitions. We also got several OTA updates from Lenovo during the review period. This is common just after launching a device. Over time, updates become less frequent. We didn't notice any lag during heavy use and the quality of the game graphics was good. We tried games like Real Racing 3, Asphalt 8 and FIFA 16 with the tablet without having any issues. The performance of the Yoga Book is comparable to that of its competitor, the Pixel C, which packs an Nvidia Tegra X1 processor. Not bad, but not spectacular, either.
Lenovo Yoga Book audio Lenovo has earned a Dolby Atmos certificate for its high quality sound setup. The device delivers an adequate audio experience, but nothing exceptional, though. The small speakers are located on the side of the device. The Dolby Atmos speakers are on the sides. / © AndroidPIT
Lenovo Yoga Book camera The rear camera offers an 8 MP sensor and autofocus. On the front is a fix-focused 2 MP camera, designed for the likes of Skype and Duo. The cameras are decent, but they're not the focus of this tablet, so they aren't especially impressive.
Lenovo Yoga Book battery Lenovo promises "up to 15 hours of battery life" of the Yoga Book, which contains a 8,500 mAh battery. That's 500 mAh less than the Pixel C, which is able to hold up to a full day of normal use. Playing videos continuously with 50 percent screen brightness, it was able to last for seven hours. The device does have a quick charging system and can go from zero to 80 percent in about 50 minutes, which is above average speed. The paper pad is a bit smaller than the size of the tablet so it fits on top of the keyboard during use. / © AndroidPIT
Lenovo Yoga Book technical specifications Dimensions: 256.6 x 170.8 x 9.6 mm Weight: 690 g Battery size: 8500 mAh Screen size: 10.1 in Display technology: LCD Screen: 1920 x 1200 pixels (224 ppi) Front camera: 2 megapixels Rear camera: 8 megapixels Flashlight: Not available Android version: 6.0 - Marshmallow RAM: 4 GB Internal storage: 64 GB Removable storage: microSD Chipset: Intel Atom Number of cores: 4 Max. clock speed: 2.4 GHz Connectivity: HSPA, LTE
On this day in 1894, Joseph Conrad returns to London to settle down after a long career at sea. There, they begin rewriting a story they had been working on during their travels, which becomes their first novel, Almayer's Folly.
Conrad was born in Poland, as Jozef Teodor Konrad Korzeniowski, the son of a Polish poet and patriot. Conrad's father was arrested in 1861 for political activism and exiled to northern Russia. Their wife and toddler son joined him. Both parents died of tuberculosis when Joseph was about 12. An uncle raised Joseph, until the boy set out at age 17 for Marseilles, France, where they joined the merchant marine and sailed to the West Indies. Conrad's many harrowing adventures at sea inspired much of their work.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
In 1878, when Conrad was 21, they traveled to England as a deck hand on a British freighter. They learned English during six voyages on a small British trade boat, then spent 16 years with the British merchant navy. They had numerous adventures around the world and got their first command in 1888. The following year, they commanded a Congo River steamboat for four months, which set the stage for their well-known story Heart of Darkness (1902).
Almayer's Folly was published in 1895. Conrad's work progressively grew from hearty sea adventure tales to sophisticated and pessimistic explorations of morals, personal choices, and character. Their best-known works, including Lord Jim, Nostromo and The Secret Agent, were published between 1900 and 1911, but they did not become financially secure from their fiction until late in their career. They died in 1924.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
During the build-up of UFC 196, featherweight world champion Conor McGregor promised to finish Nate Diaz inside one round, ripping on the latter's "soft body and lack of preparation."
Unfortunately, the exact opposite happened, and instead, "The Notorious" was dealt with their first UFC loss via second round rear-naked choke.
Pundits and fans alike have made their respective speculations and reasons behind McGregor's loss. While some attribute it to them jumping up in weight class, others point it to Diaz's advantage on the ground and their own striking craft.
But for McGregor and their team, it was the lack of efficiency during the fight that led to the loss. And according to training partner Gunnar Nelson, it won't be happening the second time around, if it does materialize.
"I think they will take their time and pick them apart a bit better," Nelson told Daily Star. "I think Diaz won't be able to get them down when Conor is on, and they reserve their energy and their balance is there."
Nelson did recognize and gave props to Diaz's toughness and grit. But at the same time, they maintained that McGregor's smarts and proficiency would be the story of the rematch.
"I think the second (fight) Conor will pick them apart, but I think he'll take a little bit more time doing it," they continued. "Diaz is a tough guy and he's used to being in there, but they (McGregor) should've put them away. But I think they can if they take their time."
The rematch between Nate Diaz and Conor McGregor has been reportedly scheduled to headline UFC 200 on July 9th in Las Vegas.
Fear and Loathing at the Conservative Debate
Adam Millie Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 4, 2017
On February 28, 2017 the Conservative Party of Canada held their leadership debate in Edmonton, AB.
I'm a progressive guy, but I live in Alberta. I am used to interacting with Conservatives, and I'm fairly well versed in their language and mannerisms.
I wanted to see what their party was like up close, so I showed up unannounced and talked my way in the door with media credentials.
When I enter the the Citadel Theatre, I spot a who's who of Alberta's Conservative leadership, stalwarts, pundits, up and comers.
Brian Jean
Derek Fildebrandt and Brian Jean take the front row stage right, and thirteen of the fourteen Conservative party leadership candidates lined up on chairs. Local MP Kerry Diotte was stage left, up a few rows from the stage.
Michael Chong gets booed by the Albertan crowd when they talk about their plan for a revenue neutral carbon tax, and the panel singles them out throughout the debate.
Chong speaks to the crowd, Brian Jean and Derek Fildebrandt front row
They stand their ground, raises their chin, and comes at them swinging. I'm not sure if they won over the crowd, but they definitely put a few of the others on the mat. They were the only one of these guys that I'd even think of voting for. They don't deserve a candidate this good. An aspirational candidate who defines their party as a reasonable, business minded, big tent party. While other candidates reach for their basest and most foul instincts, Chong appeals to their best traits. He's business driven, open to the world, and pays thoughtful attention to policy and data.
He's one of maybe two candidates focused on building an inclusive party that could make an attempt at defeating Trudeau's coalition (the other being Obhrai). The rest seem to be focusing inwards, on soothing their wounds from the rejection of '15, on confirming that there's nothing wrong with them and voters were just seduced by a handsome head of hair.
I meet Chong in the scrum. He's flanked by local Tory up-and-comers @arundeepyeg and @PonNatalie I snap a photo of them and I go back into the scrum and take more pictures. Petersen wearing an Oilers jersey, Leitch in pink and white, Bernier, in blue and red, the rest nearly indistinguishable in gray flannel suits.
Stephen Blaney had me show off their engineer ring, and they appeared to be having the most fun of anyone in the room.
Here's where my evening starts to get weird. I hear two guys on the edge of the scrum joking about an undercover New Democrat. (Someone wore orange to this Blue-on-Blue-on-Blue event). I joke about Rick Peterson's Oiler's jersey with a pair of guys wearing Leitch pins, and remark that I didn't care if McDavid voted for a cat, as long as they kept putting the puck in the net. They start yelling about how nobody put the puck in the net tonight, because immigrants are going to steal our jobs.
Rick Petersen, allegedly an undercover New Democrat
They keep yelling about how immigrant kids are so much smarter than our kids, that there's no way they can succeed with this sort of competition and that I need to think about my grandchildren. I try and divert them, and mention that I've been laid off since August. They start yelling about how this is all because of “those Libtards” and the carbon tax, and “those immigrants stealing jobs”. They continue on with yelling about how inferior our school system is and how the immigrants are coming in to boss us around, and how we're all doomed because of it. I tell them that all we can do is pray for a new government. Amen they reply.
I think that I've escaped this hell with a successful diversion. I'm wrong. They go right back into how the immigrants are coming to take our jobs, and how we're losing our country.
This is not a reasoned policy preference. There is a sputtering, desperate anger within these men that leads them to believe that their country is under attack.
Chris Alexander and a supporter
These men were behaving like twisted fearful beasts, frothing at the mouth with anger and vitriol. A rabid dog with a bum knee and festering lousy sores that won't heal. Yelling about immigration and their grandchildren, and how the whole country is doomed, and how it's all Trudeau's fault, and Notley's fault, those “libtards' fault”.
Kellie Leitch
Leitch themselves was pleasant. I saw them taking an aside with their campaign manager, and I interrupted to ask for a button. They gave me a button and their card, and told me to give them a call. Leitch is a career politician, and their close game was as good as anyone else who's playing at this level. While I disagree with their politics with every fibre of my being, they at least seems reasoned to them approach. Them followers are another matter.
They are a pack of rabid, geriatric Nazis, longing for the rise of the fourth reich under a dominion flag. She's Collingwood, Ontario's backwater answer to being horrible to everyone.
Andrew Saxton looks at Kellie Leitch, Chris Alexander (background)
I was rattled by these guys, so I went across the street to a bar that had been booked by the University of Alberta's campus Conservatives and Canadian Thinkers. A room full of men in suits, mingling with a bunch of guys dressed like cowboys and a surprising number of women. Everyone is wearing blue. A handful of super-awkward neck-beards are stumbling around, hammered on draft and riled up by being so close to their idols.
Maxime Bernier and an admirer
I hide with my friends from the Chong campaign, stealing nachos and joking about the advantages conferred to politicos who don't drink. Leitch walks up and shakes everyone's hand. The monster is grinning before us, holding out an outstretched hand to everyone. A stifling cloud of tight-lipped awkwardness takes hold of us and the table falls silent. Nobody wants to talk with her, but she's here anyway. They continue their used-car sales pitch unperturbed. Them close game is impeccably polite, however aggressively noxious it is.
I escape before I suffocate completely and leave before O'Leary shows up. The weird has gotten the best of me, I have to flee.
The level of agitation that I felt in the room that night, and even the day after is unlike anything that I've experienced. I can honestly think of no description of the night that doesn't begin with “fear and loathing” because that seems to be what these people are about. With the exception of the Chong camp, there is not the slightest element of joy in these people.
I fear for my country. There is poison flowing from the tongues of small men with wild imaginations. They want us to hate our neighbors. We must not allow it.
Last week, the online ride sharing service Uber was hit with a putative class action lawsuit alleging that the company breached the terms of a winter driving promotion it offered its drivers.
Lead plaintiff Kimberly Berger, an Uber driver, alleges in their class action lawsuit that they and other California drivers were not paid according to the terms of the “Winter Warmup” driving promotion.
According to the Uber class action lawsuit, Uber's promotion allegedly guaranteed minimum rates to participating drivers who met a set of conditions. The terms included accepting 90 percent of trips, averaging at least one trip an hour and being online for almost the entire hour of every hour the drivers worked.
According to the Uber class action lawsuit, Uber offered minimum hour rates from $16 per hour to $26 per hour, based on the time period, with the highest hour rates for Friday and Saturday nights. However, Berger alleges that Uber unfairly paid the fees as an average gross hourly rate instead of a minimum rate for each hour.
Additionally, fees were deducted by Uber from the rates and “[a]s a result,” the Uber class action lawsuit alleges, “the actual hourly rates for peak, regular, and nonpeak hours, were $20, $12, and $10 per hour, and not the $26, $20, and $16 per hour advertised.”
“Uber's ‘Winter Warmup' did not provide a clear explanation of how the guarantee worked,” Berger alleges in their class action lawsuit.
“Based on the promotional email, Uber Drivers were led to believe that as long as they accepted 90% of trips, averaged at least 1 trip per hour, were online for 50 minutes of every hour worked, and completed trips in Orange County and Los Angeles, they would be guaranteed the advertised rates of $26/hr for Peak time, $20/hr. for Regular time, and $16/hr. for Non-Peak time,” the Uber class action lawsuit continues.
“Uber did not disclose that the hourly guarantee would be calculated based on a weekly, or per pay period, gross average all hours worked by Uber Drivers, and not on an hourly basis as promised in the Uber ‘Winter Warmup' guarantee promotion,” Berger further alleges. “Uber did not disclose that the ‘Winter Warmup' hourly guarantee reflected an average gross hourly rate, before Uber fees were subtracted.”
Berger seeks to represent a Class of “[a]ll Uber Drivers (aka ‘Transportation Providers') who participated in Uber's ‘Winter Warmup' guarantee promotion beginning in or about January 2015 in California.”
According to the class action lawsuit, Uber breached the terms of the “Winter Warmup” contract with its drivers. Berger also alleges that Uber violated California state business law.
Berger seeks unspecified damages, attorneys' fees and a statement from the court that Uber's payment practices for the promotion violate California state law.
Another Uber class action lawsuit has hit the popular online ride sharing service. The class action alleges that Uber drivers should be considered employees, entitled to protection under employment laws, while the company insists its drivers are independent contractors, not employees. Last month, Uber asked to hold that action while it appeals a decision from another case where the court held Uber's arbitration agreements from 2014 and 2015 unenforceable.
Berger is represented by Christopher J. Hamner and Amy T. Wootton of Hamner Law Offices APC.
The Uber Winter Warmup Class Action Lawsuit is Berger v. Uber Technologies Inc., Case No. 3:16-cv-00041, in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California.
Join a Free California Overtime, Wage & Hour Class Action Lawsuit Investigation
If you were forced to work off the clock or without overtime pay in California within the past 2 to 3 years, you have rights – and you don't have to take on the company alone.
Get a Free Case Evaluation Now
We tell you about cash you can claim EVERY WEEK! Sign up for our free newsletter. Email *
State * State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Armed Forces Americas Armed Forces Europe Armed Forces Pacific
SUBSCRIBE This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
When the Chicago Cubs agreed to bring its Single A affiliate to South Bend, President Theo Epstein felt it was a strong possibility that a Chicago Cub player could one day make a rehab start in South Bend.
That day has come.
Cubs all-star center fielder Dexter Fowler will be in the lineup for the South Bend Cubs on Friday and Saturday when they play Bowling Green. Fowler will DH for Friday's 7:30 start and play center field for Saturday's 7pm game.
Fowler could also play for the SB Cubs on Sunday. That will be determined as the weekend goes on. It's all in an effort to see if Fowler will be able to play in the Major League Baseball All-Star Game on Tuesday.
Before going on the disabled list on June 18 with hamstring tightness, Fowler was batting .290 with seven home runs and 28 RBI in 64 games for Chicago.
“Many fans in South Bend have been waiting for this moment since the announcement of our affiliation with the Chicago Cubs,” South Bend Cubs owner Andrew Berlin said. “But this assignment would not have happened unless the organization had faith in our ability to take care of their greatest assets, their Minor and Major League players. We have earned that trust in player development over the last year and a half with our transition to natural grass installed by “The Sodfather” Roger Bossard and dedication to player facilities like the South Bend Cubs Performance Center and renovated locker room.”
Fowler was originally drafted in the 14th round of the 2004 Draft by the Colorado Rockies, making their Major League debut with the club on September 2, 2008.
“Four Winds Field will certainly be buzzing with excitement this weekend,” said Team President Joe Hart. “While we are down to lawn seating on Friday and Sunday, the outfield lawn areas may be more popular this weekend with the All-Star playing in center field.”
Fowler was voted to start in the Major League Baseball All-Star game earlier this week and It's still possible they could go from playing in South Bend to playing in the mid summer classic on Tuesday.
A scene from the opera "The Center Cannot Hold." Elyn Saks, who had to revisit their darkest moments with schizophrenia when they agreed to help Dr. Kenneth Wells compose an opera about their life, sees it as a story of hope and triumph.
On the face of it, the nightmarish struggles of a young woman diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia may seem to be unlikely material for musical theater, let alone an opera.
But for UCLA psychiatrist and occasional opera composer Dr. Kenneth Wells, it was the perfect inspiration for their second opera, “The Center Cannot Hold,” which opens tonight at the Louis Jolyon West Auditorium, with additional performances July 10 and 16.
Joseph Mango/UCLA Dr. Kenneth Wells and Elyn Saks watch a dress rehearsal of Wells' opera about their struggles with schizophrenia. They served as co-librettist.
“The Center Cannot Hold” tells the story of Elyn Saks, a USC professor of law and psychiatry, who began having schizophrenic episodes in high school and spiraled into the depths of the illness when they were a student at Yale Law School. Based on their 2007 memoir of the same name, the opera follows Saks during a pivotal time at Yale as they ultimately face their demons and resolves to live their life as fully as they can, whatever it takes.
“I'm attracted to turning points,” says Wells, who teaches human behavior at UCLA's David Geffen School of Medicine and is director of the Center for Health Services and Society at the UCLA Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior. Wells is also affiliated with the RAND Corporation.
“There are moments in our lives that give us insight, strengthen us and put us on the road to better days. As a psychiatrist and a musician, I am fascinated by the process,” they say.
Wells' musicianship, like their medical training, has deep roots. Their family boasts “multiple generations steeped in both music and the sciences,” says the psychiatrist, whose great aunt, Ruth Wells, was the first woman thoracic surgeon in the U.S. and only the second woman to graduate from Stanford Medical School. Wells' grandfather was a vice president at Bell Telephone. Their father worked as an electrician for major TV and radio studios. And everybody sang. They vividly remember holiday gatherings where the entire brood would gleefully engage in 16-part harmony. “Nobody wanted to sing the main melody,” they say, laughing.
Playing an old, giant organ, the young Wells composed little melodies he'd give to schoolmates as gifts. A high school friend sparked their interest in opera, but Wells found many of the themes troubling.
“I always wondered why there were so many stories of people going mad and killing themselves. Why couldn't someone tell a powerful, compelling and entertaining story that lifts us up and gives us hope?”
Their first opera tried to do just that. “The First Lady,” which was staged at UCLA in 2010, was a semi-fictional portrayal of Eleanor Roosevelt as they struggled with the shock of their husband's death and feelings of betrayal after they learned about FDR's longtime affair.
“I spent 20 years working on “The First Lady,” Wells says. “But writing “The Center Cannot Hold” took only two. So I guess I'm getting better.” Plus, this time they had the advantage of a primary source: Saks is their co-librettist.
They've been friends ever since Saks took a class taught by Wells' wife, psychiatrist M. Christina Benson. Saks also participated in a panel discussion that accompanied the production of “The First Lady.” That's when they started talking about working together. Wells admired Saks' courage in going public about their condition. Saks admired Wells' talent and sheer capacity.
“It absolutely shocks me,” says Saks, “that Ken, who's this world-class psychiatrist and researcher, is also this awesome musician. I don't know how they do it!”
Their friendship made it easier for Saks to consider revisiting their darkest moments: the delusions and hallucinations. Climbing onto the Yale library rooftop at midnight and singing at the top of their lungs. Asking a professor for permission to trash their office. Spending month after month in hospitals, immobilized by restraints.
“When I wrote the book,” says Saks, “friends advised me to use a pseudonym. But I realized that hiding behind a false name would send the wrong message and perpetuate the stigma of schizophrenia, which was the last thing I wanted to do. I wanted to open a window into the mind, to bring understanding to people who don't have schizophrenia and hope to those who do. And I realize that going through all this again with the opera will reignite some feelings. But Ken did a great job, and I know it's going to be okay.”
Saks hasn't seen the full production yet, but she's heard the music and met the cast, many of whom are veteran Los Angeles Opera performers, including several who also appeared in Wells' first opera. “They're phenomenal,” they say. “They're going to put a human face on schizophrenia and illustrate the hope that's possible.”
Achieving that “human face” requires three different performers to simultaneously portray Saks as a law student, professor and “the Lady of the Charts” — a reference to their hospital experiences. Saks says all three exist inside them at once. “That's my inner conflict about who I am.”
It may be a tall order to expect an opera to illuminate the essence of schizophrenia, where “your personality isn't 'split.' It's shattered,” Saks explains. But they overcame their personal challenges and is now a happily married, respected professor with many friends and colleagues, as well as a MacArthur Foundation “genius” grant winner.
Both they and Wells see the opera ultimately as a story of hope and triumph.
“I hope folks come away with a new awareness of the complexity of mental illness,” says Wells, “how many people are touched by it, as well as the potential to move forward through treatment, medication, friendships and personal resolve, as Elyn has shown. What she's done in their life is remarkable. She's able to explain what's still a mystery to so many people. I'm overwhelmed by their courage and spirit, and I hope a glimmer of that spirit comes through.”
While the performances are sold out, a waitlist is available here.
The Thomson Reuters Essential Science Indicators database places the Estonian University of Life Sciences into the top one percent most cited research facilities in the world in the field of environment and ecology, ERR News reports. Until now, the Estonian University of Life Sciences belonged in the top one percent only in the field of plant and animal science.
According to the Rector of the university, belonging to the top one percent is a great achievement, because competition is made up of thousands of universities. "It is an acknowledgement showing that the research being done here in our small country and our small university is on par with the best universities in the world," they said.
The Estonian University of Life Sciences is located in Tartu and made up of five institutes: veterinary medicine and animal sciences, technology, agricultural and environmental sciences, forestry and rural engineering, and economics and social sciences.
How to set up a Rocket.chat server
In order to help other projects with migration, we thought it might be useful to share a summary of some challenges we've faced and how we solved them.
Ludmila Lopes Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 12, 2017 Unlisted
Server and Installation
After studying the various possibilities and talking to Rocket.chat's team, we've decided for a Digital Ocean Ubuntu machine, and install docker and docker-compose. You can follow Rocket.chat installation using this setup here
Observations: Newer versions of Ubuntu don't use upstart anymore, but systemd. So when it comes to the part to set up upstart jobs, configure the same settings but for systemd.
Data Load
It is possible to easily export all data from Slack to Rocket.
https://your-project.slack.com/admin/settings -> Export Data
at Rocket: Admin -> Import -> Slack
But when you finish this import, we've faced 2 errors:
Didn't import #announcements messages: We believe this is a bug caused by renaming #general to #announcements in order to have a channel where only admins were allowed to post.
Make sure you give “create channel” permission to all channel owners, before data loading, otherwise you'll receive an error when trying to import them.
Didn't import emails. This occurs because Slack doesn't export emails on this file. To fix this, here is what you should do:
— Export usernames and emails from https://[your slack].slack.com/admin?csv=1
— Run a script for importing them into your Rocket instance. We've build 2 different scripts
Nodejs (Jorge — Aragon)
const fs = require('fs')
const async = require('async')
const RocketChatClient = require('rocketchat').RocketChatClient
let erroredUsers = []
const client = new RocketChatClient("https", 'rocket.aragon.chat', 443, 'username', 'password', (err, {userId}) => {
fs.readFile('./slack-users.csv', 'utf8', (err, fileData) => {
if (err) return console.log('err loading user file', err)
const users = fileData
.split('
')
.slice(1)
.map(row => row.split(','))
.map(([username, email]) => ({ username, email }))
async.eachSeries(users.slice(60), updateEmail, (err) => {
if (err) {
return console.log('Updating emails errored', err)
} else {
console.log('Successfully set emails for users')
console.log('errored users:')
erroredUsers.forEach(u => console.log(u))
}
})
})
})
const excludeList = ['jorge', 'tatu', 'olivier', 'luis'] // users that dont need to be updated
const updateEmail = ({ username, email }, cb) => {
if (excludeList.indexOf(username) > -1) {
console.log('not updating excluded user', username)
return cb(null, {})
}
console.log('updating email for', username)
client.users.info({ username: username }, (err, body) => {
if (err) {
erroredUsers.push(username)
console.log('error', username, err)
return cb(null, {})
}
client.users.update(body.user._id, { email }, (err) => {
if (err) {
erroredUsers.push(username)
console.log('error', username, err)
}
cb(null, {})
})
})
}
Python script (Ludmila — Auctus)
from pprint import pprint
import random
from rocketchat_API.rocketchat import RocketChat
import json
import csv
errorList = []
excludeList = [‘ludmila.lopes', ‘dduartef']
rocket = RocketChat(‘admin-user', ‘admin-pwrd', server_url='your-rocketchat-server')
with open(‘slack-users.csv', ‘r') as csvfile:
spamreader = csv.DictReader(csvfile)
for row in spamreader:
if row[‘username'] not in excludeList:
l = rocket.users_info(username=row[‘username']).json()
if l[‘success']:
r = rocket.users_update(user_id=l[‘user'][‘_id'], email=row[‘email'], name=l[‘user'][‘name'], password=str(random.randint(1, 10000)), username=row[‘username']).json()
else:
errorList.append(row[‘username'])
pprint(‘ — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ERROR USERS — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — -')
pprint(errorList)
Settings
To invite users to channels: /invite, /invite-all-from and /invite-all-to
Feedback and Suggestions
All the teams involved in the migration are joining efforts to help Rocket.chat improving its tools. We are constantly in contact with them, giving feedback and suggestions to make Rocket an ideal messaging platform for blockchain projects.
If you have any other comments about setting up a Rocket.chat server please leave a comment. We would love to hear your suggestions!
Get to Know Auctus
Site | Whitepaper |High-level Presentation | Try our Demo
To keep up with our progress, follow us on
Rocket.Chat | Twitter | Facebook | Github | Reddit | Linkedin
Habs Extend David Desharnais for Four Years
Early morning Friday, TSN's Darren Dreger tweeted out that the Canadiens would extend centre David Desharnais at some point today. The little frenchman was set to become a restricted free agent on July 5th this upcoming summer. La Presse's Marc Antoine Godin reported not too long ago that Desharnais switched agents to Pat Brisson, who has a high profile NHL client roster that includes Pittsburgh's Sidney Crosby. Just after 8:30am, the Habs announced that it is a four-year deal for Desharnais and Renaud Lavoie reported that it will be $3.5 million a year. It does not include a NTC or NMC.
David Desharnais was not drafted into the NHL, but the Canadiens invited them to training camp in 2007 to see what they had to offer. They did not make the team, but they were sent to the ECHL and they were named ECHL Rookie of the Year, MVP and was named to both the All-Rookie Team and the First All-Star Team. The following year, the Canadiens invited them back to training camp where they impressed enough to receive a two-year, two-way deal. They were then assigned to their AHL affiliate, the Hamilton Bulldogs where they had two successful seasons. In the 2010-2011 season, Desharnais split a significant number of games between the AHL and NHL. In 43 games with the Habs, the centre posted 22 points (8 goals, 14 assists), 12PIM and a -3 rating. On June 20, 2011, Desharnais signed a two-year contract extension with a cap hit of $850, 000.
In the 2011-2012 season, David Desharnais found their stride while playing with Max Pacioretty and now Dallas Star, Erik Cole. The 26 year old put up 60 points and was a +10. Their line was one of the only bright spots in the horrific season as they finished dead last in the Eastern Conference. This year, Desharnais started out quite slowly in production and overall play. However, they have picked it up as of late and is finding ways to get their named penciled in on the scoresheet.
Realistically, Desharnais is not ideal to keep down the middle going forward considering their size, lack of defensive ability (does not tend to backcheck at all) and has a hard time in the face-off dot. Desharnais has had success in the past when they were inserted on the wing and it could be in Montreal's best interest to move them to a flank down the road. This way, if their centre does get kicked out on the draw, they are capable of coming in as well. The Canadiens would look better with Plekanec, Galchenyuk and Eller through the middle in the future, no?
The jury is out. Is Desharnais worth their new deal? Will they be traded before it ends? Can they produce on a consistent basis? We will see.
Mass transit is a very small slice of the Austin transportation pie. On average, only about four percent of people in the greater Austin area use transit to get to work. In Portland, it's three times that. And Austin's transit use suffered a significant drop last year. So what can Capital Metro do to turn things around?
Let's start with the bulk of Capital Metro's system: the bus.
"I think we are on the cusp of making a significant step in the right direction," says Todd Hemingson, Vice President of Strategic Planning and Development at Capital Metro. The agency has laid out several goals for the years ahead, and one of them is adding frequency to some of the city's most popular bus routes.
"What we have is a proposal to take five of the busiest routes in the system and upgrade those so they operate every 15 minutes or better, from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., every single weekday." It's called a Frequent Service Network, Hemingson says. The initial routes being proposed for higher frequency are the 7, 20, 300, 325, and 331.
The board will consider the plan in the coming months and, if it's approved, the frequency upgrades could happen this summer. But there's a route that's notably not on the list for upgrades, one that the agency cut in half last year when it launched its first rapid bus.
"It makes no sense that they're talking about the frequent service in 2015 while they took away that frequency on the highest ridership route," says Jace Deloney, Chair of the Urban Transportation Commission, which advises the city on transit issues.
Deloney is talking about Route 1, which runs along the main arteries of the city: North Lamar, Guadalupe and South Congress. Capital Metro says they will not restore Route 1 frequency to where it was before the launch of the rapid bus service along the same route, even though the rapid bus costs 40 percent more, and the stops are much farther apart in many areas.
"They're going to have to look into restoring the Route 1 frequency," Deloney says, "or else we're going to be hurting our best corridor going forward."
One feature of those new rapid buses will soon be rolled out to the entire fleet. By the end of February, real-time location information for every Capital Metro bus and vehicle will be open and available online. You'll be able to see exactly where your bus is, and whether it's early or late.
"I think there's a real hope that that will make transit service a lot more appealing to people that don't use it now," says Chris Riley, Vice-chair of Capital Metro's board and a former Austin city council member. "So I'm hopeful that over time it will become more and a more mainstream way of commuting."
There are also significant upgrades on the way for the city's sole commuter rail line, the MetroRail Red Line. Thanks to some state and federal dollars headed Capital Metro's way, new trains, tracks and signaling will be added to increase frequency on the route, allowing it to carry more passengers, more often. Those improvements will take a few years. Hemingson of Capital Metro says those upgrades should allow the agency to double the capacity of the Red Line by late 2017 or early 2018. MetroRail represents 2.5 percent of the ridership on the Capital Metro system.
Capital Metro is also partnering with the car and bike-sharing services Car2Go and B-Cycle to put their parking spaces and bike stations close to transit stops. That would help get passengers the "last mile" to their destination, Hemingson says.
There's also that new express lane coming on MoPac, which buses will get to use for free. And Hemingson hopes to move forward on more transit priority lanes at the choke points around downtown, as well as more rapid bus routes.
Those are just a few of the many things Capital Metro has planned. But what could they be missing?
"My first advice to the Capital Metro board and the executives there is to start riding the service," says Deloney with the Urban Transportation Commission. "And look at how riders experience the city and the service that they provide."
Capital Metro says they do not track how much its CEO, board or staff use the service, but that they are encouraged to ride. They note that Capital Metro CEO Linda Watson uses the service "as their busy schedule allows."
"It should really start from the bottom," Deloney says. "The riders know the system better than anyone. So all of the projects coming out of Capital Metro should start with those people."
2014 was a rough year for Capital Metro. In addition to ridership going down significantly, voters overwhelmingly defeated a proposal for a new light rail line in the system, which has many watching and waiting to see what Capital Metro does next.
This is the second in a two-part series on transit use in Austin. Read Part One: Austin's Growing Fast, But Why Isn't Its Public Transit?
BROCKTON - Seven people were arraigned in Brockton District Court today in connection with an armed home invasion in East Bridgewater on Tuesday that led to a SWAT team response in that town.
Stevenson Desauguste, 29; Steeve Jean, 26; Yoffique Stapleton, 22; Ashley Smith, 22; Pompesky Aspil, 42; and James Hilaire, 19, were all charged with three counts of armed kidnapping with a firearm; armed home invasion with a firearm; kidnapping of a child; armed kidnapping with a firearm; carrying a firearm without a license; possession of a firearm without an FID card; and carrying a loaded firearm without a license.
Algier Griffeth, 18, faces four counts of armed kidnapping with a firearm; armed home invasion with a firearm; kidnapping of a child; carrying a firearm without a license; possession of a firearm without a FID card; and carrying a loaded firearm without a license.
Hilaire faces six counts of armed assault in a dwelling with a firearm.
Desauguste, Jean, Stapleton, Griffeth and Smith are facing five counts of armed assault in a dwelling with a firearm.
Aspil faces four counts of armed assault in a dwelling with a firearm and one count of armed assault in a dwelling.
Their addresses were not immediately released Wednesday morning.
During the arraignment, Plymouth County District Attorney Alex Zane, said one of the masked men fired a shot at a ceiling fan while they had the people in the house tied up at gunpoint.
During the search for the suspect, police said they found Hilaire in the woods near where the incident took place holding a suitcase. Police detained Hilaire and found $10,000 inside of the suitcase.
Hilaire told police that a man had run up to them and gave them the suitcase and they kept it.
Hilaire was held on $100,000 bail.
Stapleton, Griffeth, Jean, Aspil and Desauguste were all held on $25,000 bail.
Smith was ordered held on $15,000 bail.
All seven will be due back in court August 19.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 6, 2016, 4:20 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 6, 2016, 6:42 PM GMT By Elizabeth Chuck
Federal authorities have arrested a Michigan man they say is an ISIS supporter who wanted to carry out an attack on a 6,000-member Detroit church.
Khalil Abu-Rayyan is accused by the FBI of supporting ISIS. In their now suspended Twitter account, their profile photo showed them standing in their Dearborn Heights, Mich. driveway with their index finger raised. @khalilray21 / Twitter
Khalil Abu-Rayyan, 21, of Dearborn Heights, allegedly had guns and a large knife and told an undercover FBI agent that they "tried to shoot up a church one day."
“I bought a bunch of bullets. I practiced reloading and unloading,” they said in an online conversation, the FBI said.
Investigators did not specify which church Abu-Rayyan allegedly was eyeing, but said it has a capacity of 6,000 members, according to a criminal complaint unsealed Thursday in U.S. District Court.
The FBI had been monitoring Abu-Rayyan for months because of their "increasingly violent threats" about committing acts of terror and martyrdom against churchgoers and police officers on behalf of ISIS.
In addition to the alleged online conversations with the undercover agent, Abu-Rayyan purportedly used Twitter to express solidarity with the terror group.
Abu-Rayyan claimed it would have been "easy" to fire shots on the church, the complaint said. But according to authorities, they said their plan was foiled when Abu-Rayyan's father discovered their gun, ammunition, and a mask they were going to wear before they could carry out the attack.
"Honestly I regret not doing it. If I can't do jihad in the Middle East, I would do my jihad over here," they allegedly said.
They also had armed themselves with a knife and told the undercover agent, “It is my dream to behead someone,” authorities said.
Abu-Rayyan does not face any terror charges at this point, and is being held due to gun and drug charges stemming from an October 2015 incident in which they were pulled over for speeding with a pistol, sleeping pills, and marijuana, reported NBC affiliate WDIV. Terror charges could be added later.
Abu-Rayyan is scheduled to appear in court Monday afternoon for a detention hearing.
Details of the alleged plot come the same week as an announcement from Twitter that the social network has shut down more than 125,000 accounts related to violent extremism.
Coauthored by Amos Irwin, Chief of Staff of the Criminal Justice Policy Foundation
Released on Wednesday, the Obama administration's 2014 National Drug Control Strategy announces large-scale drug policy reform in response to an urgent crisis: Our 40-year War on Drugs has incarcerated so many people on non-violent drug charges that the U.S. has the highest prison population in the world. The Strategy calls for immediate action: "Our prisons and jails are already overcrowded with people who desperately need compassionate, evidence-based treatment for the disease of addiction--not a jail cell." Even the Strategy's Twitter hashtag promises #DrugPolicyReform. Yet the gap between these words and Obama's actions on drug policy is a mile wide. The Strategy is supposed to explain the administration's funding priorities in the National Drug Control Budget. But in the 2015 budget, Obama calls for more money to be spent on drug law enforcement -- from police to prisons to international drug interdiction -- than any previous president.
The Strategy fails to acknowledge this enormous gap between its words and its budget. It presumes that speaking out against out-of-control mass incarceration aligns perfectly with requesting a federal prison budget that is higher than any previous administration. The Strategy argues that the 2015 budget is "Emphasizing Prevention over Incarceration," because "the portion of the Nation's drug budget spent on drug treatment and prevention efforts--43 percent--has grown to its highest level in over 12 years." It sounds like great news: we are spending a record-high portion of our drug control money on treatment and prevention (T&P) as opposed to law enforcement. But the claim is a blatant misrepresentation. Table 3 in the 2015 Budget itself shows that our emphasis on T&P is not significantly different than it was twelve years ago (see figure).
The administration boasts that it is providing "more funding for prevention and treatment than for domestic law enforcement and incarceration," a catchphrase now trending on #DrugPolicyReform. Once again, they are misrepresenting the Budget. There is no reform here, because T&P was higher than domestic law enforcement and incarceration during the Bush administration as well. It was only lower during Obama's first term in office. If you include border control and international enforcement, we're spending quite a bit more on law enforcement than we are on T&P. (We don't have to choose between them-- since federal health care expenditures are so enormous, the administration has the ability to increase T&P substantially without reducing funds for law enforcement.)
The striking gap between words and actions is not so much political hypocrisy as it is an important victory for the drug policy reform movement. Who would have guessed five years ago that today Obama's anti-drug hashtag would be #DrugPolicyReform? When your opponents copy your rhetoric, they have surrendered to your values.
If we can reduce teenage drug use more effectively through regulation, taxation and cultural change than through prohibition, why are we shielding the street gangs and Mexican cartels from legal competitors in the $34 billion marijuana market? Why are we locking up world-record numbers of poor people for minor drug crimes to the point where an African-American male child born today has a one in three chance of going to prison? No wonder that the latest Gallup Poll shows that 58 percent of the American people support the legalization of recreational marijuana. Politicians typically shy away from anything that appears "soft on drugs," but they have caught on to what the American people want: #DrugPolicyReform.
The next step for genuine #DrugPolicyReform is to push our government to walk the walk. Most Americans want to end mass incarceration for drug crimes, but the White House believes that it can pacify the public with presidential rhetoric, or now, hashtags. Now that we've changed the words, we need to change the numbers:
1) Applaud our elected officials when they take the right steps
Praise @BarackObama for embracing #DrugPolicyReform and urge them to close some prisons and raise T&P spending
Praise Attorney General Eric Holder (@TheJusticeDept) for #ClemencyProject2014, which promises clemency for thousands of federal nonviolent drug offenders
If your Representative was among the 219 who voted for the Rohrabacher-Farr Amendment (RFA), which blocked federal raids on legal medical marijuana dispensaries, thank them on Twitter or by email
If you live in New York, Maryland or Minnesota, thank your state representatives and governor for legalizing medical marijuana this year
2) Tell your elected officials how you feel about upcoming legislation
Contact your Senator on Twitter or by email today about the Paul-Booker Amendment, which is the Senate version of the Rohrabacher-Farr Amendment. For more information, visit the Drug Policy Alliance website
If you live in Florida or Pennsylvania, find out about upcoming medical marijuana legislation: Amendment 2 in Florida and Senate Bill 1182 in Pennsylvania.
3) Volunteer your time and money to #DrugPolicyReform organizations whose missions you believe in
Finally, and most importantly, talk about drug policy.
Most likely, your friends, relatives, colleagues and random strangers agree with you. If they don't already, they would appreciate knowing that drug prohibition has not only failed to reduce use but is also responsible for mass incarceration, gang violence, and a civil war in Mexico. Why not start a conversation with them about this issue and what steps you can take to advance drug policy reform?
Lately, there have been a lot of “best of” lists going around. These lists highlight the best overall places to live in Virginia, the best small towns, the best cities, etc. And with so many lists out there – and so many of them using different criteria – we decided to do a little research for ourselves. What we found was the following 15 towns and cities that have gained national and statewide recognition from leading organizations like Forbes and USA Today. The resulting list is what we like to call “the best of the best.”
And so without further ado, we give you The 15 “Best of the Best” Places to Live in Virginia…
1. Best Overall City – Arlington Cliff / flickr
Matthew Hurst / flickr Arlington sits just at the border of Virginia and Washington, D.C. so it's no wonder this vibrant city scores so high in terms of things to do, economy and livability. In fact, Livability.com, a website that scores cities nationwide, ranks Arlington #3 out of their Top 100 places to live in the U.S. This “urban village” provides a unique blend of homes, apartments, neighborhoods alongside retail shopping and businesses. Great schools, diversity, a strong job market (thanks to so many government jobs), high home values (median $600k) and safety are all part of what makes Arlington so special.
2. Best Overall Town – Charlottesville Bob Mical / flickr
Bob Mical / flickr While technically a city, this haven in Central Virginia is often categorized with other towns thanks to its close community feeling and small city status. Highlighted by the University of Virginia, which is also ranked one of the most beautiful college campuses in the nation, Charlottesville came in #1 in Niche.com's “Best Towns in Virginia” list. The list uses weather, safety, schools, activities, jobs, housing, and transportation to determine the scores – and Charlottesville makes the grade on all counts. Surrounded by gorgeous mountains and countryside, this town offers all of the amenities of a bigger city with excellent housing, shopping, dining and business. Plus, when it comes to history and architecture, there are few places more beautiful.
3. Best Small Town to Raise a Family – Big Stone Gap DM / flickr
DM / flickr Niche.com considers age demographics, school ratings, crime rates, and access to affordable housing, childcare, libraries, and grocery stores when determining the best place to raise a family. And Big Stone Gap made their highest grade for small towns in Virginia. This beautiful little town in Wise County gained national attention when local author Adriana Trigiani wrote a series of novels about the town.
4. Best City to Raise a Family – Glen Allen Tom Woodward / flickr Glen Allen in Henrico County received Nerdwallet.com's vote for best place to raise a family. This Richmond City suburb was chosen for its affordability, great schools and overall prosperity. Glen Allen offers urban conveniences, but a slower pace of life and undeveloped spaces, like Crump Park shown here, make it perfect for families. With 3 Fortune 500 companies located here, the future looks bright, indeed, for Glen Allen.
5. Best Overall Schools by Test Scores – West Point The Town of West Point / Facebook According to Schooldigger.com, the small town of West Point gets big scores for their public schools. Listed as the #1 out of 129 school districts reviewed, West Point Elementary, Middle and High School came out tops for test scores based on Department of Education data from the 2013-14 school year.
6. Best Public Schools by District – Arlington K.W. Barrett / flickr Arlington County Public Schools won the #1 spot for Niche.com's survey of public schools in Virginia. Using parent and student surveys, as well as government data, Niche determined that Arlington schools provided the best overall experience for students, parents and teachers.
7. Best Cities for Millennials – Alexandria and Virginia Beach m01229 / flickr
m01229 / flickr Niche.com called Alexandria the #1 city in Virginia (and #3 nationwide) for millennials, the upcoming generation born in the 1980's through 2000. With Alexandria's vibrant urban setting and proximity to D.C., it's easy to see why it wins top honors. Virginia Beach was also recognized by USA Today as a top spot for the college-aged millennial crowd – beautiful beaches and tons of activities make it an obvious choice. Virginia Beach was given the top spot for Virginia and a #8 ranking nationwide.
8. Best Place to Retire – Blacksburg The Town of Blacksburg / Facebook
The Town of Blacksburg / Facebook In 2014, Forbes named Blacksburg the #1 place in the nation to retire. This quaint mountain town is home to Virginia Tech University and offers a cost of living 7% below the national average, plenty of activities and groups, affordable housing and low crime rates.
9. Safest Place to Live – Broadway The Town of Broadway / Facebook The website Safewise.com uses FBI crime report data to determine safety in a community. The town of Broadway in the Shenandoah Valley came in as the #1 Safest Place in Virginia. According to Safewise statistics, you'll have a less than 1 in 1,000 chance of being a victim of violent crime or property crime.
10. Most Affordable Small Town – Ferrum Ferrum College / Facebook Business Insider provides rankings for the most affordable towns in every state – and Ferrum won top honors for Virginia. Located in the Blue Ridge Mountains, Ferrum is home to Ferrum College and offers a 94.2% affordability score for homes.
11. Best Downtown – Alexandria Kate Mereand-Sinha / flickr
hrvargas / flickr When it comes to urban activities, few places can compete with Alexandria. Loaded with history, but balanced with modern fun, Alexandria was named one of Livability.com's top 10 choices for best downtowns around the country. Located on the Potomac, just 6 miles from Washington, D.C., Alexandria offers a beautiful historic district, museums, theaters and shopping. It was also named one of Livability.com's Best Cities for Foodies in 2013.
12. Coolest Small Town – Chincoteague brownpau / flickr
Lynn Willis / flickr Few people who live or visit Chincoteague will argue with this one. In a recent CNN report, BudgetTravel named Chincoteague as the #2 Coolest Small Town in America. Famous for their wild ponies, Chincoteague also offers pristine beaches, amazing seafood, boat tours, home tours and an all-around chilled out beach town experience.
13. Best Small Town/Village – Middleburg andrechinn / flickr
Dominion Valley Pony Club / flickr There are towns and then there are small towns. While Charlottesville got top billing for a town, Middleburg in Loudoun County was listed at the top of Frommer's Best Small Towns in Virginia. Although it only takes up 6 blocks, this town is packed with history and surrounded by some of the most beautiful horse country anywhere in the nation.
14. Most Beautiful Town – Staunton Warrent Faught via Visit Staunton Staunton is no stranger to praise. Already called one of the best small towns in America by Smithsonian Magazine, TheCultureTrip.com recently named it the most beautiful small town in Virginia, as well. Founded in 1732, this lovely little town in the Shenandoah Valley offers historic architecture, eclectic culture and a friendly down home atmosphere that makes its place in the rankings well-deserved.
15. Best Overall Quality of Life – Chesapeake City of Chesapeake
Taiwanese dine in 'death camp'
Jail: Decked out in Nazi memorabilia
A new Taiwanese theme restaurant is pushing the boundaries of taste as it invites diners to chow down under the gaze of Nazi concentration camp victims. A new Taiwanese theme restaurant is pushing the boundaries of taste as it invites diners to chow down under the gaze of Nazi concentration camp victims. The Taipei restaurant, called Jail, which opened last month, was designed to give customers the experience of eating in a prison.
Taiwanese just aren't that aware of this history
Manager Stone Cheng Shackles, mugshots and bars surround the tables, and a mural depicts death camp victims bunched together behind barbed wire. In smaller photographs, the internees stare dully out from bunk beds, ribs protruding, eyes dead. The toilets - dubbed gas chambers - are decorated with open pipes and valves. 'Not aware' of history The restaurant's manager, Stone Cheng, told Associated Press that the owners and designers had spent months planning the interior.
Strong appetite: Customers tuck in
The theme was not intended to offend customers, or show support for the Holocaust, they said. "Taiwanese just aren't that aware of this history and aren't as sensitive about it as foreigners are." Most Taiwanese can describe in detail the atrocities committed by Japanese troops who controlled Taiwan and parts of China during World War II. But many are unclear about what happened on the other side of the world. Mr Cheng said although no one had complained, the owners might decide to remove the murals. "We just wanted to have pictures of prisons from all over the world," Mr Cheng said. Taiwanese TV star Jacky Wu is a co-owner of the eatery. Popular symbol But Hilmar Kaht, director general of the German Trade Office Taipei, said the theme was deplorable.
Young Taiwanese joke around in their 'cell'
"If such things happened in Germany, it would have been forbidden," they added. However, they believed the owners made an innocent mistake, selecting the photographs because they seemed unusual. Other Taiwanese businesses have used Nazi symbols to market everything from sports shoes to motorcycle helmets and cars. Last year, posters depicting a cartoon Adolf Hitler went up around Taipei, advertising German-made electric heaters.
Shackles and death camp photos adorn Jail
The company involved, KE and Kingstone, said it chose Hitler to emphasise that the heaters were made in Germany. After complaints from German and Jewish residents, the posters came down immediately. Don Shapiro, a long-time Taipei resident and leader in the city's small Jewish community, says Taiwan has long aspired to play an active role in the international community. But they said to do this, it must become more attuned to the sensitivities of other nationalities. "Frivolous references to the evils of Nazism for commercial reasons only serve to trivialise one of the greatest tragedies of the past century," Mr Shapiro added.
U.S. forces are so heavily saturated with different communication devices that if not transmitted by satellite would cause serious problems.
Data flow is so great that there are no adequate available satellites. The Pentagon has quietly hired a Chinese satellite, APSTAR-7, through which will flow communications with the army in Africa.
Information about buying Chinese satellite transfers arose at a meeting of one of the sub-committees of the U.S. Congress.
Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defence for Space Policy Doug Loverro said that the Pentagon had paid 10 million dollars for a one-year contract with the Chinese.
The hired satellite was launched in March 2012 and placed in geostationary orbit, which means it is constantly hanging over one point of the earth, more specifically the equator.
Due to the embargo of military technology, it is ironic that the APSTAR-7 is used by they Americans, who are the leaders in the construction of satellites, but there is no satellite available from the USA.
The Pentagon hired a Chinese device to improve communication with the troops in Africa, because its own military satellites, and those already hired from other countries, lacked capacity. The capacity was only available from the Chinese, Mr Loverro said.
For a dce, the Pentagon has been forced to transfer military data by civilian satellites, because of the lack of capacity on the military satellites. There is no prospect of that changing in the future.
This immediately raised questions about the security of information transmitted over the APSTAR-7.
Mr Loverro said that the Chinese people will not have access to them due to the complex encryption and unspecified “additional security transfer.”
But not everyone is convinced by the Pentagon's arguments.
“I'm amazed. The agreement was announced openly, so the Chinese can not have doubts about who is using their satellites. They will probably save a copy of all the data,” said Dan Cheng, an analyst at the Heritage Foundation.
In their view, from past experience, the Chinese will certainly try to bite through security. Even if they do not break the code, the data has been handed to them, and will serve as valuable learning material.
Related Articles
Advertisements
On Thursday (7/15), Gawker published an article outing the (male) CFO of a major company as someone who made appointments with a male escort; the escort in question apparently leaked this information to Gawker as part of some kind of blackmail scheme. (LGBTQ Nation wrote about it.) It was a pretty yellow journalism thing to do, and a lot of people, including many Gawker writers, were upset. The post was eventually taken down and Gawker published a sort-of apology.
This isn't actually the kind of thing that actually has anything to do with GamerGate, except that they hate Gawker. Their subreddit, KotakuInAction, is named for Gawker's videogame subsite; their writing about GamerGate has generally been accurate and has portrayed them as the hate movement they are. Gawker itself has also written about GamerGate; there was also an excellent editorial about it on Deadspin.
GamerGate has latched onto Gawker's mistake and is determined to drive it into the ground. Here are a few reasons why this is incredibly hypocritical.
GamerGate hero Milo Yiannopoulos (previously) “outed” Brianna Wu last year. I use the quotes around “outed” because it's entirely possible that he's wrong. GamerGaters are totally okay with outing trans people as long as, by their standards, they don't “pass”. From KotakuInAction yesterday (note the upvotes):
They doxxed and deadnamed Sarah Nyberg because they wrote publicly about GamerGate, sharing pre-transition photos of them GGers regularly link to Encyclopedia Dramatica (it's on one of their semi-official reading lists), which has hosted several dox, including Nyberg's. GG favorite @TheRalphRetort has doxxed, deadnamed and/or outed several trans women who they have deemed ideological opponents. GamerGate is incredibly homophobic. Seriously, just do a search for #GamerGate on Twitter and add your least favorite homophobic slur. You'll get thousands of results, and it'll probably be updating in real time. GamerGate does not care about privacy. They literally are founded on being a movement that tries to expose people (mostly women) who they disagree with by releasing information about them so they're susceptible to threats and harassment. GamerGate does not care about LGBTQ people. Their first target, Zoe Quinn, identifies as queer; additionally, they regularly target trans people in the gaming community. Previous list items show the people who've been outed/deadnamed by major figures in the GamerGate movement, but casual transphobia and transmisogyny is huge among GGers, and accusations of being trans (or claims that trans people are “actually” the gender they were incorrectly assigned at birth) are extremely popular tactics for rank-and-file GGers.
None of this, of course, makes what Gawker did any less abhorrent. But it does make GG's choice to make this a “GamerGate issue” pretty obviously an opportunistic move to attack a website that has repeatedly made them look bad since their hate movement started.
20 TIPS ON USING EFFECTS IN THE MIX Effects/Processing July 1999
Using Effects In The Mix
The Way you use effects and processors can make or break a mix. Paul White offers 20 useful tips to help you get it right first time.
ADVANCED COMPRESSION TECHNIQUES: Part 1 Effects/Processing December 2000
Advanced Compression Techniques: Part 1
Part 1: Paul White looks at different gain-control elements and their effect on audio.
ADVANCED COMPRESSION TECHNIQUES: Part 2 Effects/Processing January 2001
Advanced Compression Techniques: Part 2
Part 2: Paul White further explores the secrets of successful compression, and explains how to use advanced techniques for mastering your mixes.
ADVANCED GATING TECHNIQUES: Part 1 Effects/Processing April 2001
Advanced Gating Techniques Part 1
Part 1: Paul White explains that there's much more to gating than you might think.
ADVANCED GATING TECHNIQUES: Part 2 Effects/Processing May 2001
Advanced Gating Techniques: Part 2
Part 2: Gates are far more than just problem solvers for reducing spill and noise. They can be used to add punch to drum sounds, put rhythmic interest into sustained parts or even as mixing automation, as Paul White explains. Additional material by Mike Senior.
ADVANCED REVERBERATION: Part 1 Effects/Processing October 2001
Advanced Reverberation: Part 1
Part 1: Paul White looks at how real reverberant spaces affect the perception of sounds within them, and shows you how your digital reverberation unit can simulate this process.
ADVANCED REVERBERATION: Part 2 Effects/Processing November 2001
Advanced Reverberation: Part 2
Part 2: Used correctly, reverb is of the most powerful tools of modern music production. This month, we explore the most effective treatments for some of the individual components of a mix. *
AMPING OUT Effects/Processing September 1994
Using Amps As Effects
We've got so used to DI'ing keyboards that miking up an amp is something that never occurs to some people. Paul White explores the benefits of getting out the mics and plugging in the amp.
AUTOMAGIC Effects/Processing August 1999
Alternative Uses For Auto-Tune
Antares Auto-Tune is a powerful pitch-correction tool which is already an industry standard for tightening up vocal performances. As Paul White explains, however, it has the potential to do much more...
BACKING A WINNER Effects/Processing May 1999
Faking Ensemble Backing Vocals
Paul White comes up with a few tips for using the processing power of your computer audio sequencer to turn one or two voices into a complete backing ensemble.
CANYONS OF THE MIND Effects/Processing June 1996
Psycoacoustics of Reverb
Paul White explores a few ways of taking nature's most common audio phenomenon and manipulating it to create special effects.
DELAYING TACTICS Effects/Processing April 1995
Delaying Tactics
Digital delay tends to be taken very much for granted, but the majority of today's studio effects would be impossible without it. Paul White describes how to set up your own DDL effects from scratch.
EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES Effects/Processing February 1997
All About EQ
Paul White looks at the various types of equaliser, and gives some tips on how EQ should best be applied to your recordings.
EXCITING STUFF! Effects/Processing February 1995
Enhancers And How They Work
Exciters and enhancers are often mentioned in SOS, but what exactly do they do to your sound, and how do the various types differ? Paul White explains.
EXTREME EFFECTS: Part 1 Effects/Processing November 2000
Expanding Your Effects Horizons: Part 1
Most people are familiar with basic reverb, delay and modulation effects, but what lies beyond? In the first part of a new series, Paul White explores the twilight zone of effects processing.
EXTREME EFFECTS: Part 2 Effects/Processing December 2000
Expanding Your Effects Horizons: Part 2
In the final part of their short series on pushing back the boundaries of effects processing, Paul White explores many different applications of audio filters, as well as exploring the possibilities of granular synthesis.
LEARNING PROCESS: Part 1 Effects/Processing October 1997
Where To Use Processors And Why: Part 1
Paul White offers a little practical advice on the application of signal processing during recording and mixing.
LEARNING PROCESS: Part 2 Effects/Processing November 1997
Where To Use Processors And Why: Part 2
Part 2: Last month Paul White covered gates and compressors; this month it's up to enhancers to justify their existence...
LEARNING PROCESS: Part 3 Effects/Processing December 1997
Where To Use Processors And Why: Part 3
Paul White explains why a great reverb doesn't always make a mix sound better.
LEARNING PROCESS: Part 4 Effects/Processing January 1998
Where To Use Processors And Why: Part 4
Chorus, phasing and flanging are very common processes, but they don't always achieve the effect you hoped for. Paul White offers a few tips.
LEARNING PROCESS: Part 5 Effects/Processing February 1998
Where To Use Processors And Why: Part 5
Delay, originally called echo, is one of the oldest artificial effects, yet it can still be one of the most impressive - if used with care. Paul White explains the potential problems and how to avoid them.
MULTI STORY: Part 1 Effects/Processing July 1997
Multi-effects Explained: Part 1
Part 1: To start off this short series on multi-effects programming, Paul White explores the key building blocks found in today's versatile units.
MULTI STORY: Part 2 Effects/Processing August 1997
Multi-effects Explained: Part 2
Part 2: Modern multi-effects units provide all sorts of useful processors in addition to the more usual reverb and delay-based effects. Paul White discusses the extras you might find inside your effects box and how best to use them.
MULTI STORY: Part 3 Effects/Processing September 1997
Multi-effects Explained: Part 3
Part 3: Having looked at the various types of effects available, Paul White explains the importance of the order in which these effects are applied.
MULTI STORY: Part 4 Effects/Processing October 1997
Multi-effects Explained: Part 4
Part 4: Paul White looks at how MIDI can be used to turn static effects into dynamic ones.
MULTI STORY: Part 5 Effects/Processing November 1997
Multi-effects Explained: Part 5
Part 5: Paul White concludes their series with an exhortation to unleash your creativity...
NATURAL SELECTION Effects/Processing February 1996
EQ: A New Perspective
You might think that EQ is simply a tone control, but as Paul White explains, it's really a powerful mind-manipulating tool inextricably linked to the survival of the species!
POWER VOCODING Effects/Processing January 1994
Power Vocoding: With the Boss SE50 & SE70
There's more to vocoders than 'Mister Blue Sky' - and with the vocoders available on some current multi-effects processors, creative vocoding is now available to almost anyone. Paul White lets you in on some unusual applications...
PSYCHOTHERAPY Effects/Processing May 1997
An Introduction To Psychoacoustic Enhancers
Paul White looks at the different ways in which the leading enhancers produce their results, and offer some practical advice on where the various types work best.
REVERSE REVERB THE HARD (DISK) WAY Effects/Processing December 1998
Creating Reverse Reverb
Paul White conjures up a nostalgic tape effect using an MIDI + Audio sequencer.
ROUTING AROUND Effects/Processing March 1995
How To Patch Effects & Processors
The roles of the various signal processors and effects used in audio production are pretty well understood by most musicians, but it's not always obvious where they should be patched into the signal chain to give the best results. Paul White explains.
SPACE EXPLORATION Effects/Processing August 1996
Improving The Sound Of Your Reverb
Paul White goes into economy mode and tries to coax an extra degree of realism out of a budget studio reverb unit.
TAKE IT TO THE LIMIT Effects/Processing April 1996
Concise Guide To Compression and Limiting
Paul White looks at the many parameters which govern compression, how to improve your recording technique, and how not to throw the baby out with the bathwater.
THE BIG SQUEEZE Effects/Processing April 1997
Compressors And How To Use Them
These days a compressor is pretty much an essential purchase if you're recording vocals or non-keyboard instruments. Paul White looks at how they operate, and how they can be used both to control levels and to fatten sounds.
UNDER PRESSURE Effects/Processing December 1994
Compressing Your Mix
Paul White proves once again that nothing succeeds like excess. This time they patch in two compressors and a limiter to deal with a minor dynamic range problem...
USING EQUALISATION Effects/Processing August 2001
Using Equalisation
Paul White and Mike Senior explain how to get the best practical results from equalisation by understanding the true frequency ranges of most instruments and voices.
VINTAGE ADVANTAGE Effects/Processing January 2001
Understanding & Emulating Vintage Effects
Modern digital effects units always include emulations of analogue effects such as tape delay and flanging Ñ but none of them ever seem quite like the real thing. Paul White explains how these vintage effects worked, and offers insight into how our modern attempts could be made more accurate.
VINTAGE FX Effects/Processing December 1995
Faking Tape Loop Echo
With so much interest in vintage synths, it's easy to overlook the fact that many classic sounds owed just as much to the tape delays being used at the time as to the instruments themselves. Paul White shows you how to fake the effect.
THE State Government tried to convince Tony Abbott that their national chaplaincy program for schools should also be open to welfare officers.
But Queensland's request to open up the scheme beyond religious ministers was shot down, and the Abbott Government said unless it agreed to the terms of the National School Chaplaincy Programme, the state would miss out on $70 million.
The controversial program offering students “support and guidance about ethics, values, relationships and spirituality” was overhauled this year after the High Court ruled the Commonwealth had no executive power to administer or directly fund the scheme.
OPINION: Allocating $245.3m for school chaplains at odds with Budget cuts
OPINION: Chaplains provide a pivotal service for students in our schools
Under the new model released just months ago, schools are invited to apply for funding for a school chaplain of any faith, although they are not allowed to proselytise.
Education Minister John-Paul Langbroek wrote to Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Education Scott Ryan in September, urging them to make the program more diverse.
But Mr Langbroek's idea was dismissed within a week, prompting Premier Campbell Newman to last week advise the Federal Government that they were disappointed but would not turn down the cash.
“While it is disappointing ... I am seeking your approval to confirm Queensland's acceptance of the Commonwealth offer of $17.47 million per annum over four years ... to fund chaplains in state and non-state schools, plus an additional $0.53 million to cover administration costs,'' they wrote.
media_camera Education Minister John-Paul Langbroek pushed for the school chaplaincy program to be more diverse.
Senator Ryan said the program would be rolled out across the country next year after reaching an agreement with states and territories.
“As outlined in the Australian Government's original invitation to participate in the NSCP, all states and territories will have to adhere to funding conditions specified by the Commonwealth,'' Senator Ryan said.
It comes as a national review into the school curriculum released this week recommended a greater emphasis on the nation's Judaeo-Christian heritage and more emphasis on morals, values and spirituality.
The chaplaincy program was originally introduced by former prime minister John Howard in 2007.
Initially it gave schools the ability to receive $20,000 towards employing a school chaplain.
A NEW SHERIFF IN TOWN: President Trump To Finally Resolve Growing N. Korea Threat
Bill Clinton, Barack Obama, and all of their Democratic policies and positioning in with North Korea and their nuclear aspirations have been total failures . . . President Donald Trump is here to fix that.
On July 8th, 1994, Kim il-Sung died and power was ceded to their son Kim over a three year period in an effort to consolidate their power. Later in 1994, then-President Bill Clinton's set forth a deal with Pyongyang that was known shorthand as the “Agreed Framework”. The deal was formulated to replace to North Korea's nuclear power plant program with light water reactor power plants, which are more resistant to nuclear proliferation; on top of this, Clinton hoped to normalize the relationship with the DPRK. Via Lifezette
[…]On Oct. 18, 1994, Clinton approved a plan to arrange more than $4 billion in energy aid to North Korea over the course of a decade, in return for a commitment from the country's Communist leadership to freeze and gradually dismantle its nuclear weapons development program, according to The New York Times.
With this deal Clinton hoped to “draw-in” North Korea to global community – this, of course, never happened. After all, what misbehaving child would start behaving better if you INCREASED their allowance? The hermit country became more hermetic, and after they pocketed our tax-payer funded financial aid, America's relationship with North Korea swiftly deteriorated. Every time we attempt to accommodate North Korea (which historically tends to only happen under Democratic leadership in the U.S.), we end up losing mass sums of money and while we allow them to expand their tyrannical familial “leadership”.
Just like Barack Obama's botched deal with Iran, cutting deals with rogue or hostile nations can only lead to the empowerment of evil. North Korea is a prime example of that.
As far back as February 2, 1999, CIA Director George Tenet was warning the Senate Armed Services Committee that with a little bit more elbow grease and time North Korea would be capable of utilizing their Taepo Dong-1 to hit parts of Alaska and Hawaii.
Bill Clinton's immense failures in regards to North Korea helped pave the way to the pussyfoot strategy of the Obama administration, which they claimed was based on “strategic patience”. Obama foolishly held tight to the idea that North Korea's regime would collapse and in turn prevented any real discourse or intervention that would be necessary to thwart North Korea's growing instability and threat. It is hard to say how this would have happened given China's continued support of the dictatorship.
Democrats fail consistently at understanding the arrogance of the DPRK. Whenever we say to “unclench your first” they take it as the U.S. asking them to reach out and grovel, which obviously comes across as an insult and is an easy way to ensure relations grow more hostile. Via Arms Control:
Early in Obama's term of office, North Korea displayed a uranium-enrichment program to complement its plutonium production. For ways to deliver nuclear weapons, it successfully tested submarine-launched systems; intermediate-range, road-mobile Musudan missiles; and satellite-launch rockets that employ technologies useful for intercontinental-range missiles. Nuclear armament became etched in the country's constitution and posture. Pyongyang now insists it will never give up its nuclear-armed status. The six-party talks that once showed promise of a path to dismantling the nuclear program are dead, the parties not having met since before Obama took office.
Obama, just like Clinton before him, completely and utterly failed at making any reasonable progress when it came to North Korea. Finally, we have a new sheriff in town who is quickly realizing that the failure of previous Democratic presidencies has led to an escalation in terms of the threat North Korea poses.
President Trump is now flexing on the hermit kingdom. They bombed Syria – an ally of the DPRK – and followed through on their promise to “bomb the sh*t” out of ISIS by issuing a MOAB on ISIS controlled territory in Afghanistan as The Gateway Pundit has previously reported. In addition, our powerful armada is currently en route to the Korean peninsula which puts China (as well as the rest of the world) on notice that we will take care of Pyongyang ourselves if we must.
After decades of lackluster leadership that has given rise to international terror and expanding dictatorships that could have disastrous consequences for us here at home, it is a much-needed change of foreign policy pace to see a president finally take charge of these international threats both forcefully but pragmatically.
BANGKOK—The British government has warned airlines around the world not to allow Edward Snowden, who leaked information on top-secret U.S. government surveillance programs, to fly to the United Kingdom. A travel alert, dated Monday on a Home Office letterhead, said carriers should deny Snowden boarding because “the individual is highly likely to be refused entry to the UK.”
Protesters supporting Edward Snowden confront police outside the U.S. Consulate in Hong Kong on Thursday. ( BOBBY YIP / REUTERS )
The Associated Press saw a photograph of the document taken Friday at a Thai airport. A British diplomat confirmed that the document was genuine and was sent out to airlines around the world. Airlines in Thailand, Malaysia and Singapore also confirmed the alert had been issued. The diplomat said such alerts are issued to carriers that fly into the U.K and any carrier that brings Snowden will be liable to be fined 2,000 British pounds. They said Snowden would likely have been deemed by the Home Office to be detrimental to the “public good.” The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly.
Article Continued Below
Snowden, 29, revealed themselves Sunday as the source of top-secret documents about U.S. National Security Agency surveillance programs that were reported earlier by the Guardian and Washington Post newspapers.  They are believed to be in Hong Kong. Snowden, an American citizen, has yet to be charged with any crime and no warrants have been issued for their arrest. Even without charges, Snowden's world is now shrinking. If other countries follow Britain's example and bar their entry, Snowden would have few options for seeking refuge if they were not allowed to stay in their preferred sanctuary of Hong Kong, a semiautonomous Chinese territory. China has not made any public comment on what it plans to do with Snowden or how long they would be welcome to stay in Hong Kong. A popular Communist Party-backed newspaper, however, has urged China's leadership to milk Snowden for information rather than expel him, saying their revelations concern China's national interest. If the U.S. eventually calls for their return, Snowden does have the option of applying for asylum or refugee status in Hong Kong, which maintains a Western-style legal system. If Snowden chose to fight it, their extradition to the U.S. could take years to make its way through Hong Kong's courts.
The alert was issued Monday by the Risk and Liaison Overseas Network, part of the U.K. Border Agency that has staff in several countries identified as major transit points for inadequately documented passengers. The document titled “RALON Carrier Alert 15/13” had a photograph of Snowden and gave their date of birth and passport number. It said: “If this individual attempts to travel to the UK: Carriers should deny boarding.” It warned that carriers may “be liable to costs relating to the individual's detention and removal” should they allow them to travel.
Article Continued Below
“Carrier alerts” are issued when the U.K. government wants to deny entry to people who don't normally need visas to enter the country, or already have visas but something has happened since they were issued, said the diplomat. Sometimes convicted sex offenders are denied entry into the U.K. in this way. A Bangkok Airways officer said the airline was notified on Thursday about the alert by the Airports of Thailand, Pcl., which operates national airports throughout the country. They said the notice was not intended to be seen by the public. The officer spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to give the information to the media. National carrier Malaysia Airlines said in an emailed statement to the AP that it had also received the British advisory and issued notices to all its operating locations in the country. Singapore Airlines also received the alert. Britain previously found itself wrapped up in a secret documents leak scandal when Wikileaks founder Julian Assange was granted political asylum last year at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London.  They are facing extradition to Sweden where they are wanted on accusations of sex crimes, and has expressed fears that if returned to Sweden they could also face extradition to the U.S.
Read more about:
An Assad has not faced a challenger for the presidency since 1970, when Hafez al-Assad seized power. Now, that could change.
Everywhere you look in central Damascus, you see President Bashar al-Assad's face: thoughtful on the T-shirt of a soldier, smiling on a wall, hidden behind sunglasses in a traffic circle. A casual observer might think they are the only candidate in the upcoming presidential election, as they have always been – until this year.
An Assad has not faced a presidential challenger in Syria since 1970, when Hafez al-Assad, father of the current leader, seized power.
By those standards, the fact that President Bashar al-Assad will face at least one other candidate in the upcoming presidential election may seem like democratic progress; previous votes have all been referendums on the man in power. In 2007, they bagged 97.6 percent of the vote.
The election is part of the regime's effort to convince the international community it is pursuing a “democratic transition.” But with much of the country impassable because of fighting and the electoral field hemmed in severely by candidacy requirements, this election is unlikely to be much different from the referendums that preceded it.
The capital is filled with posters and there have been demonstrations calling on Mr. Assad to run – they haven't officially announced yet – while they and their wife have been making public appearances that have been widely broadcast. Their candidacy and win appear inevitable in an election expected in June.
Omar Sanadiki / Reuters
Central Damascus, a zone of stability in the fractured, war-weary country, is Assad's best stage to show support and control. The streets are clean, the store shelves are well-stocked, and people smoke shisha at neighborhood cafes. People talk about a “crisis,” not a war, and they no longer appear to notice the distant sound of the army shelling the suburbs. The contrast to the rebel-held neighborhoods, sometimes only blocks away, besieged and frequently shelled, is enormous.
In the lead-up to the election, storefronts across the city have been painted with the Syrian flag. Opposition activists say the flags were forced on shopkeepers by security forces who strong-armed people into painting them.
“Some do it because they wholeheartedly support the government. Others do it for protection,” says one shopkeeper in the Old City who asked to remain anonymous for safety reasons. “The government wants to show that it's strong, accepted, and has a lot of support.”
Their shutters remain unpainted, for now. “It's too brutish for me,” they explain, displaying their alternative: one of the wooden plaques painted in the national colors that they sell. “For protection I have this.”
A meaningless vote?
Syria's information minister, Omran al-Zoubi, insists that “if the president runs himself, they will run on the same level as other candidates.”
But the idea of an equal challenger seems empty, given the string of candidacy requirements recently approved by the Syrian parliament. Presidential hopefuls must have lived in Syria continuously for the past 10 years and not have criminal convictions – effectively barring all opposition leaders from running. Candidates also need support from at least 35 lawmakers in a parliament dominated by Assad's own Baath party.
The prospect of a true nationwide vote is also doubtful. Syrians in opposition-held areas have no way of casting a vote, nor do the 3 million who have fled the country. The regime is rumored to be issuing new identification cards for voters, which may effectively prevent anyone on their blacklist from taking part.
But in Damascus, the vote will likely go off without a hitch, fully backed by a military that is devoted to Assad.
“The soldiers at the checkpoints have pictures of Bashar al-Assad on their chest. The slogans on the checkpoints say they will die for Bashar. They are the army of al-Assad, not the army of Syria. And this army will secure the election centers,” says Louay Hussein, founder and president of Building the Syrian State, an opposition movement in Damascus which is largely tolerated by the regime.
When asked if their movement will run a candidate, they laugh and lists all the barriers the regime has put in place to prevent anyone not approved by it to run.
“The regime claims that everyone in government-held areas supports it,” Hussein says. “But this is not the reality. We have thousands of people who are against it and are in prison, and a lot of Syrians who don't want to say that they are against it. They are the silent majority.”
Other Syrians remain devoted to the army, whose protection has given them an island of normalcy insulated from the chaos outside.
“We want to show that this is our flag, not the other one. Without the army, we'd be nothing,” says Michael Mobassaleh, who recently painted the shutters of their supermarket in the upscale neighborhood of Shaalan. They say they want nothing to do with the opposition's flag. “The rebels just want to kill and plunder. They have tried to take Damascus many times, but the army has stopped them.”
Hoping for normal
That normalcy is at the crux of Assad's key campaign pledge: That they can return Syria to the relative stability and prosperity of the calm but repressive pre-war years.
The goal is to convince middle-ground Syrians and even some members of the opposition that “the continuance of the Bashar al-Assad-led government [is] the only possible light leading out of the dark tunnel of despair,” says David Lesch, professor of Middle Eastern history at Trinity University and author of “Syria: The Fall of the House of Assad.”
“Throughout the conflict, the Syrian government has tried to portray itself as a vehicle for a return to normalcy and continuity despite the chaotic conditions throughout much of the country,” they say. “Holding the election is part of this process, as the regime believes it will accord Bashar al-Assad more legitimacy.”
Occasionally rebel fire interrupts the calm of central Damascus, feeding city residents' sense that they face a threat from which only Assad can protect them. On a recent morning, a homemade rocket landed on the Jawdat al-Hashimi high school, mildly injuring two students.
“The rebels always target schools,” says Mohammed Mardini, director of education in Damascus, who rushed to the scene. They praised Ahmad Naeem, one of the injured, for returning to school after their visit to the doctor. “This situation is really difficult for us, but we hope it will get better. What can we do? We have to continue our lives.”
In the upscale neighborhood of Mezze, signs of normalcy are creeping back. Here, a few kilometers from neighborhoods where houses lie in rubble, artists were recently awarded a Guinness World Record for their 7,700 square foot mural made of recyclable material. Passersby are more interested in the mural on the school wall – a myriad of old bottles, plates, and broken tiles – than the sound of mortars in the distance.
“Like this artwork, we need to make the country beautiful again,” says Leila Suleiman, a resident. “We stand strong with our president, and we will overcome this crisis.”
This post published courtesy of the Christian Science Monitor, where it first appeared.
Adults with cancer often turn to using medical marijuana to relieve the side effects of chemotherapy, but can kids with cancer use medical marijuana, too? A new study published in Pediatrics found that many pediatric oncologists would feel comfortable recommending it for children for the very same reasons they would offer it to adults, since it eases the pain, nausea, and lack of appetite that comes along with cancer treatment.
However, those pediatricians who were already licensed to write prescriptions for medical marijuana were way less likely to say they would offer it to children — but not for the reasons you might think. The study found that because of discrepancy between federal and state laws, most doctors fear that giving marijuana to sick kids could get them in trouble with federal authorities, even though it's legal in their state.
So many of the docs who would refrain from recommending marijuana to kids aren't doing so because they don't believe in its efficacy, but because it would go against their hospital procedures or their own fears of getting in trouble.
Study co-author Kelly Michelson, MD, Critical Care physician at Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago, said in a press release via Eureka Alert accompanying the study:
It is not surprising that providers who are eligible to certify for medical marijuana were more cautious about recommending it, given that their licensure could be jeopardized due to federal prohibition. Institutional policies also may have influenced their attitudes. Lurie Children's, for example, prohibits pediatric providers from facilitating medical marijuana access in accordance with the federal law, even though it is legal in Illinois.
The survey included talking to 288 pediatricians in Illinois, Massachusetts and Washington, all states that have made medical marijuana legal. According to the research, nearly a third of them had received one or more requests for medical marijuana and 92 percent of those doctors were willing to help kids with cancer access it. The laws and the lack of industry standards about dosing and potency were the biggest barriers to recommending it, the study found. Only 2 percent of doctors said that they would never consider marijuana for pediatric patients.
Michelson added in the same press release:
In addition to unclear dosage guidelines, the lack of high quality scientific data that medical marijuana benefits outweigh possible harm is a huge concern for providers accustomed to evidence-based practice. We need rigorously designed clinical trials on the use of medical marijuana in children with cancer.
VICE on YouTube
Which is in line with the current recommendations from the American Academy of Pediatrics, which sanctions medical marijuana use for kids with "life-limiting or seriously debilitating conditions."
Luckily, more research is underway. The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia just entered into a new study to examine medical marijuana's efficacy for kids with autism, according to PhillyVoice. Currently, the Autism Research Center endorses doses of medial marijuana as an alternative to pharmaceutical treatments for the anxiety, aggression, and panic disorders that come along with autism.
Reactions on YouTube
Usually, doctors and cannabis experts recommend marijuana strains with high Cannabidiol (CBD) levels as opposed to strains with high tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) levels. THC is the psychoactive element in weed, which means that kids don't get "high" in the colloquial sense of the word, but get all the benefits of weed from either tinctures or edibles (instead of having kids smoke it) administered by their parents.
A 2013 study from the National Institute of Health found that marijuana might be the perfect treatment for ASD, since the symptoms of autism are possibly caused by a blockage of the body's natural production of endocannabinoids, which medical marijuana can alleviate.
A study published last year in the New England Journal of Medicine also found that there was a 40 percent drop in seizures among kids who used medical marijuana as treatment, according to NBC News, so there are obviously tons of potential benefits that need to still be explored.
All of these alleged benefits — and the willingness of pediatricians themselves to allow kids to try it — seem to indicate that researchers need to thoroughly look into the safest ways to give kids doses of medical marijuana for any chronic condition.
Check out Romper's new video series, Romper's Doula Diaries:
Watch full episodes of Romper's Doula Diaries on Facebook Watch.
Three Equifax executives sold almost $1.8 million worth of stock in the company shortly after the company discovered a security breach that could affect about 143 million U.S. consumers and an unspecified number of Canadian and U.K. customers, Bloomberg reports . The trades weren't part of a scheduled trading plan.
The breach was discovered July 29 and believed to have started in mid-May, Equifax has said, but it hasn't said why it waited until today to tell the public. Securities litigation firm Block & Leviton said Thursday it's looking into the company's “disclosures and corporate policies regarding cybersecurity” and whether it breached duties to shareholders. The company's shares fell over 6% to around $125 in after-hours trading.
The breach was reportedly discovered three days after Equifax's last earnings report. Three days later, according to regulatory filings, chief financial officer John Gamble sold shares worth $946,374 and Joseph Loughran, president of U.S. information solutions, exercised options to dispose of stock worth $584,099. On Aug. 2, Rodolfo Ploder, president of workforce solutions, sold $250,458 of stock.
By way of comparison, on early Tue, May 23, Gamble also sold 14,000 stocks of the company's shares, amounting to $1,910,160.00, leaving them with an ownership of 48,578 company stock worth at roughly $6,627,982.32, according to SEC filings. Executives own about 1.3% of the firm's stock.
While Equifax has offered those affected a year of credit monitoring and identity theft protection, the credit reporting company has already come under criticism for not sufficiently training its call center workers to handle calls relating to the breach and for asking customers to give up more personal data to find out if they were affected by the hack.
Don't feel better only giving Equifax the last 6 of your SSN. IP reveals where you live. First 3 of SSN assigned by birth state = guessable. pic.twitter.com/DUD1wjLvpN — Tony Webster (@webster) September 7, 2017
“Today's a humbling experience for all of us,” CEO Rick Smith said in a video about the breach, which is still not the largest: In the past year, Yahoo has disclosed that over 1.5 billion user accounts had been hacked in attacks in 2013 and 2014. “While we've made significant investments in cybersecurity, we have more to do, and we will.”
STATE COLLEGE, Pa. — Before Lauren Davis finished writing their editorial about Joe Paterno for The Daily Collegian, Penn State's student-run newspaper, they braced for the response.
The piece they wrote, an editorial reflecting the opinion of about a dozen editors at the paper, said the university “needed a reality check” after it announced plans to commemorate Paterno at the Penn State-Temple football game Saturday, when it will host a celebration of their first game as coach of the Nittany Lions, 50 years earlier.
Davis, the opinions editor, wrote that it's not the right time or the right way to honor Paterno when current students associate them with Jerry Sandusky, a longtime assistant coach who was found to be a serial child molester.
“This is our Penn State. It is a Penn State without Joe Paterno,” they wrote, adding, “Those of us here now are beyond ready to move on.”
Despite being the Large Adult Son of the solar system, there's still so much we don't know about Jupiter. While NASA's Juno mission has been able to uncover some of its mysteries, there's still so much about the planet's infamous storms that has yet to be explained. But according to new research from the space agency, we might finally know how deep Jupiter's intense winds extend.
Perhaps Jupiter's most obviously spectacular feature is its zonal winds, which we see as colorful bands. The reality is that these winds are not as placid as they seem — according to a team of researchers, they might extend up to about 1,900 miles (3,000 kilometers) into Jupiter's interior.
This image combines an image taken with Hubble Space Telescope in the optical (taken in spring 2014) and observations of its auroras in the ultraviolet, taken in 2016.
Until now, it's been a mystery how deep Jupiter's violent winds reach. We know they blow in different directions — some east, others west. But according to the international team, which announced their findings earlier this week at the American Astronomical Society's Division for Planetary Sciences meeting, these are no shallow storms.
New Juno data reveals that Jupiter's gravitational field is tilted, which results in unusual wind patterns in its Northern and Southern hemispheres, Nature reports. Juno has detected gravity signals that suggest its zonal winds could extend thousands of kilometers down, and that there might even be layers of winds within Jupiter's interior that are moving at different strengths. Jupiter, like onions — and ogres — has layers. Of winds, that is. Maybe.
Currently, Juno scientists are trying to figure out how deep Jupiter's Great Red Spot might extend. It's easy to forget how utterly chaotic Jupiter is, because it's so painfully resplendent. But it's good to remember that Jupiter truly is a literally hellscape, albeit a beautiful one.
When Vladimir Putin claimed historic ties between France and Russia, Ukraine fired up Twitter.
The ongoing enmity between Ukraine and Russia has moved into a deadly new phase: meme-based insults on Twitter.
A brief spat resulted in @Ukraine mocking Russia's official account — @Russia, which is run by the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs — with a Simpsons GIF.
The salvo came as the two accounts argued over the origin of former 11th-century queen of France Anna Yaroslavna.
Queen Anne had been born in 1036 in Kievan Rus, federated territory surrounding the modern-day Ukrainian capital Kiev. They were the daughter of Yaroslav the Wise, the Grand Prince of Kiev.
Kievan Rus — also spelled Kyivan Rus — covered territory now mostly divided between Ukraine, Belarus and Russia, so the stage was set for an international argument when Russian President Vladimir Putin referred to Queen Anne as "Russian Anne" during a news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron.
In 10 centuries a lot can happen in geopolitics, so Ukraine tweeted the fact that in 1051, when Queen Anne became queen consort of Henry 1 of France, Russia's present-day capital Moscow had not yet been built.
They illustrated this with a picture of Queen Anne, a short biography, and a photo of an uncleared forest captioned "Meanwhile, in Moscow…"
Russia responded with a diplomatic overture, saying the three countries (including Belarus) shared a common history they should all be proud of.
Perhaps less diplomatically they included a photo of the Cathedral of St Sophia, which was built in Kievan Rus between 1045 and 1050 in the now Russian city of Veliky Novgorod.
That was clearly too much for @Ukraine, who pulled out the Simpsons GIF to accuse Russia of being the Soviet Union in disguise.
For meme connoisseurs, the replies to this epic burn are a rich minefield of animated appreciation.
Others joined in the argument, listing Ukrainian buildings that were complete when Moscow was a forest, or stating that Russia's "common history" was simply stolen from Ukraine.
Russia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs joined in, saying Ukraine should not be jealous because in 1051 Kiev was capital of the united Russia.
Calling the older territory "Russia" earned a GIF of Benedict Cumberbatch shaking their head in disappointment — with the comment that Kievan Rus also included parts of modern-day Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, Poland, Slovakia and Moldova.
"Don't give the 'triune nation' nonsense pls and comply with int law," @Ukraine wrote.
Ukraine's Minister for Foreign Affairs, Pavlo Klimkin, responded to the online argument more seriously: "The problem with Russia is not about trying to <<expropriate>> the figure of French Queen Anne of Kyiv but truly believing them to be Russian."
Although it is not clear who runs @Ukraine, which claims to be the official account for the country, it has been verified by Twitter and is acknowledged and followed by several accounts of Ukrainian officials and government departments.
If you've been under a rock for most of last year, you may not have heard about Shingeki no Kyojin (officially translated: Attack on Titan). It's a manga and anime series about the last outpost of humanity under siege by some very hungry giants—and it's adopted a wide following that cuts significantly across traditional demographics, in part due to its rich story and gender dynamics.
More recently, Kodansha's North American publishing arm—which is officially overseeing the English localization of the manga—announced via its Tumblr that it had been asked by the franchise's lead artist and author, Hajime Isayama, to avoid gendering one of Attack on Titan's central characters, Squad Leader Hange Zoe (above).
The Mary Sue has a decent breakdown of the story, and while it's encouraging to see both an American publishing arm respect an author's intentions and a fanbase warmly receiving this bit of news, the situation is a bit more nuanced than it first appears. For one thing, Western discourses of gender politics don't necessarily map one-to-one onto similar spaces in Japan. For another, while it's great to actually see and discuss non-binary characters in media, for those who have followed Attack on Titan long enough, Isayama's announcement is actually pretty old news.
Out on the Front Lines
“We knew pretty early on,” Esther tells me. “Japanese is often a very ambiguous language, so we try not to infer too much, and instead try to do as much research ahead of time as we can.”
Esther (not their real name) is one of the translators for MX International's Attack on Titan simulcast team, which works to bring the show to popular anime streaming service Crunchyroll. The teams work on a fast turnaround, providing high-definition legal streams of subtitled anime often within hours of the original Japanese broadcast—a boon to English-speaking anime fans, who want their shows quickly, as well as to rights-owners who want to drive consumers to legal alternatives away from piracy.
For Esther and their group, who are both versed in the language and engaged in Japanese fan spaces like 2channel (a precursor to and, shall we say, more civil version of the West's notorious 4chan), browsing threads and digging up interesting discussion posts on popular shows is part of the job. In the case of Attack on Titan, which ran for some time as a manga before being picked up for an animated adaptation, the team were able to glean quite a bit from reading ahead and seeing what Japanese fans—and the author himself—had to say about the characters.
“Usually, you know, it's not difficult to determine a character's gender. And if there's a gray area we try to look at what the fandom consensus is,” Esther explains. “In the case of Zoe, the mangaka had actually posted a blog about the character's gender.” A team member brought the link to the group's attention soon after the character appeared so that the subtitles could be adjusted.
MX International has no official policy for determining gender for characters in cases of ambiguity, so in Attack on Titan's case it was simply fortuitous that the simulcast translation team had come across this information during its research, says Esther. Also lucky was the fact that, because the streams' subtitles were easy to edit, it was a simple matter for the team to go back and change any gendered pronouns which had managed to slip in.
Kodansha's solution was a little trickier, as it already had books in circulation in North America referring to Hange Zoe as “she.” The publisher's decision was to revise the translation for subsequent reprints, and to avoid gendering the character going forward.
In general, Kodansha's announcement was well-received by readers, including genderqueer individuals of various stripes. One Tumblr user wrote in to the publisher saying:
as a non-binary person who has literally NEVER seen a character or popular figure in media who is not gendered as a man or a woman a single time in their entire life, your dedication to using the communicating with isayama and using the right pronouns for hanji/hange means SO much to me!
Other readers are adamant about using a binary gender such as “she” for the character. For Kodansha and localizers such as those found at Crunchyroll, however, the disagreement is rather moot.
“It's not usually very hard to write around gender anyway,” says Esther. “If you want to talk grammatical issues with translations, the fact that Japanese doesn't differentiate between singular and plural comes up far more often. Gender is almost a non-issue.”
A Tradition of Fluidity
Another factor that may surprise Western readers is that, coming at it from a Japanese perspective, gender-neutral characters are not actually that uncommon at all.
“It's really American marketers who are especially interested in assigning genders to these characters,” says Tomomi Yamaguchi, a professor of Anthropology at Montana State University. Them work includes investigation into contemporary gender studies in Japan—an area of discourse not many are well-acquainted with. “It's quite common in Japanese pop culture for gender to be presented as fluid or ambiguous.”
Yamaguchi cites early attempts by marketers to localize Pokémon as an example of this obsession with gendered culture products. Referring to work by scholar Anne Allison, they say early marketing of the franchise heavily courted boys by playing up the male hero of the cartoon, Ash Ketchum.
“What they soon found was that it was not this boy character but Pikachu, who hadn't been assigned any gender, which people gravitated towards,” Yamaguchi explains. “And they did so equally across the gender spectrum.”
Many other characters in anime, manga, games and related media don't rely heavily on clear gendering. This is particularly true of kids' media and non-human characters, naturally, but it can be seen in human characters as well. Naoko Takeuchi's famous Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Moon manga—and to a lesser extent its anime adaptation—played around frequently with several characters' gender representation, particularly Haruka Tenou. In the manga, Haruka is presented fairly equally in both masculine and feminine attire, and at one point kisses the teenaged Sailor Moon, leading to a kind of bisexual awakening (bet you don't remember that from the TV show).
This is felt across other forms of Japanese art as well, including Takarazuka, a particular form of Japanese theater in which all roles are played by women. Gender in Japanese art, Yamaguchi says, has been exploratory for quite a while.
“That doesn't mean that there are not clearly-defined gender roles and norms socially. There very much are,” they say. And negotiating these social expectations remains tough for women and other sexual minorities—but anime, at least, is allowed to be freer.
Beyond the Wall
Hange Zoe, in many ways, epitomizes what makes Attack on Titan so successful among such a broad spectrum of readers and viewers. The franchise goes to considerable length to depict men and women as social equals, particularly within the military, which is visually unisex and tends not to differentiate among its soldiers. Its creator Isayama has not compromised in showing its leading women, especially Mikasa, as strong and nuanced individuals suited to the story's setting. In that context, Hange Zoe being explicitly presented by the author as gender-neutral makes perfect and refreshing sense.
Don't ask Isayama Hajime to put their fighting fit, Titan-killer characters in skimpy dresses and expect them to strip out their characterization.
Central to Attack on Titan's premise is the idea that humanity, when pushed to the brink of extinction, will have to reexamine its priorities. Far from rallying under traditional ideas, however, the major characters very literally have to step outside their known world in order to make any headway against an advancing threat.
So while it would be a mistake to assume any creative work is completely divorced of the social context in which it was made, Attack on Titan very explicitly presents us with a liminal space, where other questions are foregrounded—and, more often than not, either-or binaries simply fall away.
Vanderbilt's search for a new offensive coordinator will continue. On Thursday, Boise State assistant coach Mike Sanford Jr. turned down the Commodores' offer to man the sidelines in Nashville.
Sanford Jr. was the architect behind a Bronco offense that scored nearly 41 points per game this season. In their first year as offensive coordinator, the young coach helped guide BSU to one of the big six New Year's bowls. Though Vanderbilt offered them a tremendous raise, it wasn't enough to make them leave Boise, where they had played quarterback from 2000 to 2004.
From KTVB in Idaho:
Boise State offensive coordinator Mike Sanford is staying put at their alma mater despite a lucrative offer from an SEC institution. According to sources, Sanford turned down a multi-year offer from Vanderbilt University on Thursday morning.
KTVB's report states that Vandy's offer would have "more than doubled" their current salary in Boise. Since they made $305,012 last season, this suggests that the 'Dores are willing to throw at least $610,000 at the right assistant. That's a big investment for a team that got a taste of SEC success under former coach James Franklin from 2011 to 2013. Vanderbilt sputtered on offense this fall, scoring just 17.2 points per game (117th in FBS football) before firing coordinator Karl Dorrell last week. Defensive coordinator David Kotulski was also given their walking papers earlier this week.
We covered another potential OC hire, Stanford's Mike Bloomgren, earlier today. However, sources close to the situation suggest that Bloomgren is not terribly interested in leaving Palo Alto. We'll have more updates on Vandy's coaching search as they develop.
FORMER 3AW drive-time host Paul Barber died in Melbourne on Friday night after a battle with cancer.
Derryn Hinch had fond memories of their former producer, who, they said, had a great attitude to life right to the end.
Paul Barber.
''He had esophageal cancer and it spread to their pancreas and liver. They and I had a lot of talks about it because I came so close to carking it a few times in the last couple of years.
''I just admired the way they handled it, very pragmatically.''
Mr Barber, 67, trained to be a priest in New Zealand in their 20s before switching to journalism. They became Hinch's producer at 3AW in the late 1970s.
Mr Barber went on to become 3AW's drive-time host before being sacked in 1996, later saying that their last months there were darkened by some vicious listener reaction to them outing themselves as homosexual.
In later years they helped develop broadcasting in Vietnam.
Special to RC Modeler Magazine September 22, 1995 Release: 95-23
It may have the appearance of grown men playing with a remotely-controlled toy tank, by the reality is that the Tire Assault Vehicle (TAV) - created from a one-sixteenth model of a German World War II tank - was an important safety feature for the CV-990 Landing System Research Aircraft (LSRA) and ground crew members at the NASA Dryden Flight Research Center, Edwards AFB, Calif.
The TAV was built from a Tamiya King Tiger tank kit and modified into a radio-controlled, video-equipped machine to drill holes in aircraft test tires that were in imminent danger of exploding because of one or more conditions - high air pressure, high tire temperatures, and cord wear.
An exploding test tire releases energy equivalent to two and one-half sticks of dynamite and can cause severe injuries to anyone within 50 feet of the explosion, and ear injury - possible permanent hearing loss - to anyone within 100 feet. The danger condition is determined by the temperature, pressure and cord wear of a test tire.
The TAV was developed by David Carrott, a PRC employee under contract to NASA, for use by the CV-990 project which tested space shuttle tires on the main Edwards AFB runway and also on the base's dry lakebed. The need for a tool like the TAV arose when the project began tesing space shuttle tires beyond normal limits to determine conditions that would cause them to fail. Simpler methods of puncturing the tires under high pressure after each test were tried, but were ineffective and even dangerous.
Air Force personnel at Edwards routinely use a robot for bomb disposal and it was available to assist NASA in tire test, but not always at the time that is been needed. The bomb robot, which weighs 450 lbs and cost $100,000, is also 4 feet long, 4 feet tall and 3 feet wide - too big to always be moved under the CV-990, former commercial transport. NASA needed an alternative, so Carrott followed the agency-wide concept of doing things "faster, better, and cheaper," and developed the TAV at a cost of less the $3000.
The unit weighs just 20 pounds, and it's only 18 inches long, 12 inches high and 8 inches wide - small enough to be easily maneuvered under the CV-990. Because of its instant availability and fast set-up time, it answered the need for a robotic unit to eliminate unsafe conditions resulting from hazardous tire tests.
Approximately 25 percent of the original model parts were used by Carrott to build the TAV, which features a 3/8-inch drill mounted on its top side. It is powered by a single 12-volt, rechargeable gel cell (7AH) battery driving three Black and Decker drill motors. Two motors are geared through a transmission to independently drive the left and right tank tracks. The third unit is the variable-speed drill motor itself.
Motor control is with solid-state custom VANTEC remote control speed controllers, one for the drill and one each for the two tracks. The transmitter/receiver is a JR Model X-388S airplane r/c system modified for government frequency and independent spring center track control.
The r/c system includes direct servo control (DSC) permitting operation of all controls and servos without generating a radio signal.
Video reception is handled by a down-converter to RF composite signal feed to a portable black and whte television.
The TAV was available to support 32 tire test operations between February and August of this year, and was used to drill into nine test tires to relieve pressure - four of them considered to be extremely dangerous and on the verge of exploding.
Although the TAV was developed to support the shuttle tire test program at NASA Dryden, it can be used in any environment where personnel safety is at risk due to the possible explosion of an aircraft tire.
With its video transmitting capability, the TAV could also be used as a visual scouting vehicle in other situations that present an environmental or health hazard.
--nasa-- Note to Editors:
Gwen Ngwenya writes on the extraordinary social media smear campaign they were subjected to after their UCT intervention
Fall in line with the nationalists or prepare for hate and intolerance in 2017
At the now well documented UCT convocation meeting, held on the 15th of December 2016, I dared to suggest that the agreement reached with a small group of students though with university wide consequences was illegitimate.
It was my intention to amend the motion of no confidence in the Vice Chancellor to instead reflect as a motion of no confidence against the agreement reached. The UCT agreement is deficient for reasons of it failing to be representative and failing to assert not just institutional values but constitutionally enshrined principles of academic freedom, free speech and the rule of law. All these principles were violated on numerous occasions and placed under threat during the 2015/2016 protests, and therefore warranted assertion in any agreement reached.
Instead the UCT agreement while supporting decolonisation, and admitting to a lack of comprehension of its meaning, remains silent on the above principles. Which can only read as their wilful exclusion. But holding these views as a black South African comes with significant consequences. For the transgression of not conforming with the loudest black voices I apparently deserved nothing less than to be racially insulted and defamed. The defamatory remarks relate to the false allegation that I have lied about my post matric qualifications.
At my most charitable I thought that perhaps there had been a legitimate confusion created by a World Bank post that cited that I have a BSc in Law (when in fact I have a BSocSc majoring in Law).
I have no obligation towards the accusers, but because I was concerned about doing the right thing I reached out to the World Bank. I requested that they correct their error in my bio and change the degree from UCT to a Bachelor of Social Science instead of a BSc in Law. The CV which a professor in the masters' programme at Universite Paris Est Creteil forwarded to the World Bank, in their letter nominating me, clearly indicates that I have a Bachelor of Social Science. The error on the website, i.e. BSc instead of a BSocSc, could only have been caused by confusion in the mind of the person posting for the World Bank about degree abbreviations in different countries, or as a simple typo.
Two days after writing an email to the World Bank and to my surprise, this monolithic entity with a vast array of projects underway across the world, swiftly corrected their entry. I am embarrassed quite frankly that anyone at the World Bank had to distract themselves from important work to handle what must have appeared to them a most trivial matter. I don't believe I have expended political capital from the exercise but it would have been preferable to reconnect with the World Bank on project terms and to share knowledge rather than to ask for assistance on political trifles.
That I went to such lengths in concern for the truth will not matter to those who falsely accused me. They will likely rubbish the World Bank in its entirety as a product of Western colonialism and all the better if they have contributed even in the slightest to muddying a relationship with them. Nothing is serious to these people, there is no situation worthy of professionalism or dealings with people worthy of some integrity.
It is a difficult decision to decide whether to respond publicly to an issue such as this. On the one hand a response adds fuel to the fire and you give time to people who are desperate for attention. I cannot relate with the fervour and time various people have spent dedicated to creating posts, memes and videos of me. Due to the character and nature of the accusers the initial feeling was to not take this matter seriously, however it becomes necessary to respond when journalists start taking these matters up in earnest. The allegations now move beyond the social media universe of the accusers to the readership of the news publications.
The first journalist to contact me was from the Huffington Post. As I was on holiday I took the liberty to meet them at their offices where they were able to view my degree certificates as well as the email chain of my communication to the World Bank. To the Huffington Post's credit not only did they find it prudent to contact me for comment, they have subsequently not gone to print with the false allegations. The Citizen however ran a piece on the false allegations without approaching me for comment; it would have been a polite courtesy, in addition perhaps, to a journalistic obligation to do so. More recently The Weekend Argus has approached me for comment on the matter.
In any case, I put it down to the slow news mill of the holiday season that there should be any interest at all in publishing false allegations of my having fraudulent degrees. After all I am no Hlaudi Motsoeneng. Rumours of my influence are profoundly exaggerated and patronizing. Taking the ‘no degrees theory' to its logical conclusion it would mean that having no qualifications I managed to find employment in India as an economic researcher and then at a global financial technology company in the United Kingdom. The extent of the global patronage networks I am assumed to have to pull off such a feat is impressive, it is also patronizing because I worked hard for those opportunities. This is not the type of allegation where there are two sides to the story. Someone either has in their possession certain qualifications or they do not. It is a verifiable fact not a polling exercise.
Unlike the suggestions from various quarters to criminalize racist speech, I would readily defend anyone's right to call me a porch negro. I know it to be false because I had a controversy-free role in financial technology before joining the Institute, if it is financial reward and peace of mind I am after in the long term, then I am certainly barking up the wrong tree. But pejorative labels aside what is truly indefensible are the blatant lies that are easily spread on social media and accepted and repeated. Some would call the unwillingness to accept evidence and easily verifiable information the consequence of a ‘post-truth' society. But I agree with Jonathan Freedland writing in the UK's Guardian that to call it post truth is just pretentious obfuscation, “there is a simpler word: lies”.
The salient reason for speaking out is that I know there are black liberals, in the broad sense of commitment to free speech, rule of law etc, who are watching. I know this because I speak to some of you, some disillusioned struggle stalwarts, some young professionals, some students on university campuses. And I know that incidences such as these make others fearful to talk against the herd.
Personally bravery has always had a connotation of overcoming fears, and pursuing a course in spite of one's fears. For this reason I have never considered myself brave, because I have never been afraid of confrontation or rejection. I have felt angry and often powerless in the face of events but never afraid. But I am asking for other black liberals to be brave; a triumph over fear of rejection and conflict that I cannot relate to, but which must be possible because I have witnessed others do it.
What is it exactly that people need to be brave for? Primarily for the new politics. This is not the place to delve into its history and development, suffice to say that there is an increasing tendency towards: a) an intolerance for fact based debate, if you want to be fancy call it post-truth; b) labels to discredit arguments- ‘racist', ‘house negro', ‘white monopoly capital'; and c) the eroding of language which is the eroding of meaning, and at its conclusion the eroding of the ability for us to communicate with each other. On the latter point I am no longer sure I understand what violence and trauma are anymore if they can be associated with the simple act of disagreement.
Ultimately at this stage what I would want is a public apology from the likes of Andile Mngxitama and the Fallist individual who has been largely responsible for spreading the numerous posts on social media and to journalists of my fraudulent qualifications. As I have never been in contact with these individuals and have no desire to, I have deferred the legal process to my attorney. The ask is simple; they may continue to call me a house negro and use other slurs but they must refrain from distributing false information regarding fraudulent qualifications. But it seems they are geared for a long drawn out fight, which depending on the legal advice will need to be balanced against the more pressing need to focus on the Institute's core work and to abandon the pseudo-revolutionaries to play out their game.
No doubt that the black nationalists having found this allegation to have no legs will find something else to shame me with. I believe as I pen this they are devising new ways to deal with errant blacks such as myself, as this post by Andile Mngxitama clearly illustrates:
The witchhunt will not stop because they are determined to make the impersonal personal. But instead of fearing it I look forward to the day when my character has been so reduced that there is nothing left to diminish but the ideas. Then with the woman aside, hopefully they will be able to see more clearly the arguments which stand on their own unmoved by the character assassination.
The irrational zeal that drives tactics of intimidation is not reserved only for me, I admit to being a somewhat parochial cog in this machinery of hate and fake news. I have experienced what numerous professors at UCT have encountered for a protracted period, and which like a virus will spread to all corners of academic, political and economic life of the country. This is not a prediction it is already happening, and I hope my account lifts the veil on the mounting intolerance and unethical means in which dissenting voices are handled in South Africa.
Gwen Ngwenya's full legal name is Gwen Sinethemba Amanda Ngwenya.  They are the Chief Operations Officer at the South African Institute of Race Relations.
The orbital airframe structure for the first commercial Dream Chaser mini-shuttle that will launch to Earth orbit just over two years from now has been unveiled by Sierra Nevada Corporation (SNC) and program partner Lockheed Martin.
Sierra Nevada is moving forward with plans for Dream Chaser's first launch and unmanned orbital test flight in November 2016 atop a United Launch Alliance (ULA) Atlas V rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida.
The winged Dream Chaser is being developed under NASA's Commercial Crew Program aimed at restoring America's indigenous human spaceflight access to low Earth orbit and the International Space Station (ISS).
Lockheed Martin is fabricating the structural components for the Dream Chaser's orbital spacecraft composite structure at the NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility (MAF) in New Orleans, Louisiana.
MAF has played a long and illustrious history in human space flight dating back to Apollo and also as the site where all the External Tanks for NASA's space shuttle program were manufactured. Lockheed Martin also builds the pressure vessels for NASA's deep space Orion crew vehicle at MAF.
Each piece is thoroughly inspected to insure it meets specification and then shipped to Lockheed Martin's Aeronautics facility in Fort Worth, Texas for integration into the airframe and co-bonded assembly.
Sierra Nevada chose Lockheed Martin for this significant role in building Dream Chaser airframe based on their wealth of aerospace experience and expertise.
The composite airframe structure was recently unveiled at a joint press conference by Sierra Nevada Corporation and Lockheed Martin at the Fort Worth facility.
“As a valued strategic partner on SNC's Dream Chaser Dream Team, Lockheed Martin is under contract to manufacture Dream Chaser orbital structure airframes,” said Mark N. Sirangelo, corporate vice president of SNC's Space Systems, in a statement.
“We competitively chose Lockheed Martin because they are a world leader in composite manufacturing, have the infrastructure, resources and quality control needed to support the needs of an orbital vehicle and have a proven track record of leading our nation's top aviation and aerospace programs. Lockheed Martin's diverse heritage coupled with their current work on the Orion program adds an extra element of depth and expertise to our program. SNC and Lockheed Martin continue to expand and develop a strong multi-faceted relationship.”
Dream Chaser measures about 29 feet long with a 23 foot wide wing span and is about one third the size of NASA's space shuttle orbiters.
“We are able to tailor our best manufacturing processes, and our innovative technology from across the corporation to fit the needs of the Dream Chaser program,” said Jim Crocker, vice president of Lockheed Martin's Space Systems Company Civil Space Line of Business.
Upon completion of the airframe manufacturing at Ft Worth, it will be transported to SNC's Louisville, Colorado, facility for final integration and assembly.
Lockheed Martin will also process Dream Chaser between orbital flights at the Kennedy Space Center, FL in the recently renamed Neil Armstrong Operations and Checkout Building.
SNC announced in July that they successfully completed and passed a series of risk reduction milestone tests on key flight hardware systems under its Commercial Crew Integrated Capability (CCiCap) agreement with NASA that move the private reusable spacecraft closer to its critical design review (CDR) and first flight.
As a result of completing Milestones 9 and 9a, SNC has now received 92% of its total CCiCAP Phase 1 NASA award of $227.5 million.
“We are on schedule to launch our first orbital flight in November of 2016, which will mark the beginning of the restoration of U.S. crew capability to low-Earth orbit,” says Sirangelo.
The private Dream Chaser is a reusable lifting-body design spaceship that will carry a mix of cargo and up to a seven crewmembers to the ISS. It will also be able to land on commercial runways anywhere in the world, according to SNC.
Dream Chaser is among a trio of US private sector manned spaceships being developed with seed money from NASA's Commercial Crew Program in a public/private partnership to develop a next-generation crew transportation vehicle to ferry astronauts to and from the International Space Station by 2017 – a capability totally lost following the space shuttle's forced retirement in 2011.
The SpaceX Dragon and Boeing CST-100 ‘space taxis' are also vying for funding in the next round of contracts to be awarded by NASA around September 2014, NASA officials have told me.
Stay tuned here for Ken's continuing Sierra Nevada, Boeing, SpaceX, Orbital Sciences, commercial space, Orion, Rosetta, Curiosity, Mars rover, MAVEN, MOM and more planetary and human spaceflight news.
Ken Kremer
The City of Light's green makeover touched the iconic Eiffel Tower last week as it ramped up two onsite wind turbines. These turbines are installed inside the tower's metal scaffolding on the second level, and are painted in the same color to minimize their visual impact on the 126-year-old tower.
They are so camouflaged, in fact, that one can just barely make them out in this video (look on the right side of the second platform):
The pair of VisionAIR5 wind turbines were designed by Urban Green Energy. At 5.2 meters in height and 3.2 meters in width, these vertical axis wind turbines weigh in at 756 kilograms (kg) and have a lifetime of 20 years. Furthermore, they are perportedly quiet due to lower blade tip speed and low number of revolutions per minute (RPM).
The turbines are installed 122 meters (400ft) from the ground in order to maximize annual electricity production potential. All told, the turbines are expected to produce about 10,000 kilowatt hours (kWh) of electricity per year, or about the total annual demand of the tower's first floor, home to restaurants, a souvenir shop, and history exhibits.
And that's not all.
The Eiffel Tower is also in the midst of installing rainwater collection systems to supply water for the toilets, high-efficiency LED lights, and solar panels in order to further decrease the icon's environmental footprint. While the tower was not required to meet any environmental benchmark, the tower's operating company (Société d'Exploitation de la Tour Eiffel, or simply the SETE) is working to reduce the tower's environmental impact by 25 percent as part of the City of Paris Climate Plan. Furthermore, according to reports, SETE is funding the entire cost of the renovation itself.
Photo Credit: Urban Green Energy (UGE)
Image copyright AP Image caption Guilt over the Holocaust has made supporting Israel a doctrine of faith for much of the German public
The Gaza conflict arrived in West Berlin's leafy main boulevard of Kurfuerstendamm on Friday.
About 1,200 pro-Palestinian protestors processed past the designer shops, watched by elegant ladies sipping coffee in nearby cafes.
The vast majority of the demonstrators were from Germany's large Muslim community: women in headscarves; a protest leader reciting words from the Koran into a loudspeaker.
Many of the protesters held up signs condemning Israel's actions, chanting "freedom for Gaza".
Confusingly the chants from the 700 pro-Israel demonstrators sounded very similar: "Free Gaza from Hamas," they shouted.
Image caption Hundreds of pro-Palestinians took to the streets in Germany's capital to protest against Israel's military operations
Image copyright AP Image caption The pro-Palestinians were mostly young men but the pro-Israel group were older - and some had dogs
Image copyright AP Image caption The protests passed without too much trouble despite the heightened emotions in the crowds
They looked very different though. Some were older members of Germany's Jewish community.
But the most outspoken and loudest were student left-wing activists - most not Jewish, but passionate about fighting what they called anti-Semitism.
There were young people on both sides clearly eager to pick a fight.
The pro-Israeli left-wing activists screamed at police, provocatively running towards the pro-Palestinian protestors waving Israeli flags. While young Muslim men jeered and shouted threats over the police lines.
Scuffles broke out repeatedly. And tourists in a nearby restaurant looked startled as suddenly pro-Israeli activists jumped on tables waving flags, and riot police formed a line around the restaurant to stop young pro-Palestinian men attacking.
But the vast majority of protestors were peaceful: Jewish Germans holding up signs for peace; headscarved women holding hands to form a human chain to prevent extremists from either side attacking each other.
More than 1,000 police were deployed, preventing any serious outbreak of violence.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The conflict has caused many left-wingers to debate anti-Semitism and the Palestinian cause
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Many Germans have grown increasingly concerned at the rising death toll in the Gaza Strip
The difficulty for many Germans is to know which side to support: Holocaust guilt has made supporting Israel a doctrine of faith for the German government. And anything that calls Israel's existence into question is beyond the pale.
At the same time many Germans are disturbed by the death toll in Gaza and don't agree with Israel's actions.
Can you criticize the Israeli state without being anti-Semitic, many Germans are asking themselves? And, in view of Hitler's legacy, do Germans have the right to tell Israel what to do? No, say some German commentators.
Left-wing activists are particularly divided, not knowing if they should fight alleged anti-Semitism or defend the Palestinian victims of what the far-left refers to "capitalist imperialism".
Ironically right-wing extremists are also conflicted.
Neo-Nazis have been using the chance to express their anti-Semitic views at other anti-Israel protests this week. But Germany's far-right doesn't like Muslim immigrants either.
Suddenly some pretty uncomfortable alliances are being formed.
TAVI has been suggested in medical literature as a possibility for pregnant women but the Hamilton surgeons could find no evidence of anyone actually doing it. They consulted colleagues across Canada before deciding to be the first.
"The doctors were very confident," Sayle said. "I was nervous but I felt good about it … I'm grateful I was able to be the first in a long line of hopefully many other women who will now be able to get this procedure."
While their engineer husband sat in the hospital waiting room working to distract himself, doctors made a small incision in Sayle's groin and snaked a long narrow tube called a catheter through a large blood vessel. They expanded a balloon at the end of the catheter that pushed the dysfunctional valve out and implanted a new one made out of animal tissue.
"It was perfect," Whitlock said. "It was a textbook case. Everything went smooth."
The doctors, who have performed more than 250 TAVI procedures in other circumstances, had to make only minor adjustments to their usual routine to account for Sayle's pregnancy, such as covering the uterine area when using the X-ray machines that guide the surgery. In addition, Sayle had a tougher recovery without pain killers.
The groundbreaking case will now be written up for a medical journal to show it's a safe and valuable approach.
"It's exciting to see how a group of physicians came together as a team to provide this care," said Whitlock. "We got Sarah through this. It's fantastic."
It is not expected the procedure will be used often, as usually heart problems should are treated before a woman becomes pregnant.
"It's not something you ever plan because of the risk to the mother and baby," said Horlick, the Toronto cardiologist. "It's a very unusual situation."
But sometimes valve replacement is not possible beforehand because of unexpected pregnancies or the problem emerges in an immigrant or refugee who did not have access to good health care before coming to Canada.
In Sayle's case, the valve didn't need replacing until after they became pregnant.
"It was a surprise," they said. "As soon as I got pregnant, I got really tired. I got dizzy spells with not much exertion and I was sweating. When I started getting heart palpitations, I was sure there was a problem."
Sayle was born with a congenital heart defect but didn't know until they were 25 years old and engaged to be married.
"It was scary," they said. "I wanted a family and I was worried this would stop it."
They had open-heart surgery to replace the valve before having children. The valve, which was made out of animal tissue, was supposed to last 10 to 15 years. They were expected to have a second open-heart surgery to replace it with a longer-lasting mechanical valve once they had decided not to have any more children. That type of valve requires blood thinners, which are risky during pregnancy, so it is usually implanted only after the child-bearing years.
Sayle had their two daughters without any complications, but the valve gave out during their third pregnancy only four years after it was implanted.
"It was terrifying — scarier than the first time because we have two daughters at home," said Sayle.
They were taken right from the ultrasound of their heart and admitted to Hamilton General Hospital where they remained until they had the surgery weeks later.
"I didn't know what was going to happen," said their husband. "She went for a doctor's appointment in the morning and was supposed to be back by noon and instead was admitted to hospital."
It was a true emergency, explained their obstetrician, Dr. Michelle Morais.
"This is something that needs urgent attention," they said. "This is something that needs to get fixed."
It was the first time Morais had ever encountered a case like this.
"It's something you read about in a textbook," they said. "You maybe see it once or twice in a career."
After having the valve replaced, Sayle was able to carry their baby to term. They were induced at 38 weeks and had a normal delivery at McMaster University Medical Centre.
The baby spent their first days in the neonatal intensive care unit at McMaster Children's Hospital to make sure their heart was strong.
"There doesn't seem to be any effect from the surgery," Morais said.
Sayle and baby Peter were expected to go home Friday.
"He likes to cuddle," said the proud mom, who is thankful for the first-ever procedure that saved them both. "He's a sweet baby."
jfrketich@thespec.com
905-526-3349 | @Jfrketich
Muslim Group Threatens Egypt's Coptic Christians; Tells Them to 'Pay Tribute'
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
An armed Islamic movement calling itself the "Brigade of Muslims" released a statement on Saturday threatening Egypt's Coptic Christians and asking them to pay tribute.
"Egypt is an Islamic country and will be ruled according to Shariah," the statement added.
The movement threatened all Egyptian media professionals who "mock religion and Islamic rule," adding that it has a special list of media professionals and their persistence in mocking will result in the "shedding of their blood in the ugliest way."
The movement explained that it has been established because of the strife being plotted against the country and the plans of enemies of Islam, both at home and abroad.
The movement accused Copts of trying to create a "separate Coptic state," accused the National Salvation Front of involvement in the burning of Egypt, and accused the so-called corrupt media of distorting the image of Muslims and Islamic rule.
The movement noted its approach is jihad, and it would fight the Egyptian army and Interior Ministry if they do not stand up to "Copts and their helpers."
"Let the unbelievers and the hypocrites know we are as keen on dying for the sake of God as they are keen on life," the movement confirmed.
President Rodrigo Duterte on Sunday visited typhoon-battered Isabela, and said in jest that the province cannot boast of having many attractive residents.
Duterte made the remark as they announced their order for the revenue of Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation (PAGCOR) to be used for paying for medical prescriptions for the poor.
The President said the public should only be truthful in declaring indigency to avail of free medicine.
"Kung talagang pupunta ng ospital tapos sabihin ito ang reseta, wala kang pera, you just prove to me. Huwag lang niyo akong magsinungaling sa akin, anything, sa police, sa military. Huwag ninyo akong bolahin, sabihin lang ninyo kung ano ang totoo," they said.
They then said the honesty rule should also apply to matters of the heart and went on to say that someone told them there are lots of beautiful women in Isabela province, which they have not found true.
"Ngayon, sa magaganda -- magpakatotoo ka sa pag-ibig... Saan na yun, 'Punta ka ng Isabela, pakilala kita doon, maraming magaganda. Nakita ko roon, wala naman," they said, drawing laughter from the crowd.
Typhoon Lawin last week left huge trails of destruction in Isabela and adjoining northern Luzon provinces. Duterte, together with several Cabinet officials, led the distribution of relief goods in the worst-hit areas.
Silvano Reyes was in bed when they first heard the voicemail from Riverside County Animal Services, notifying them that their long-lost Labrador retriever was alive.
“They found her!” Reyes recalls shouting to their family.
Chela, their 4-year-old dog, had been missing for three years after they wandered off after a July 4 celebration.
“I drove around like crazy around the area after they went missing,” they told animal services staff this week.
Reyes, a Metrolink mechanic and Riverside resident, put up flyers and checked online for weeks, to no avail. Still, they always believed Chela was alive.
On Tuesday, someone placed the dog inside one of the San Jacinto Valley Animal Campus night drop compartments. An employee scanned the dog's microchip, embedded beneath its skin, and matched the dog with its rightful owner.
On Wednesday, May 4, the two were reunited at the San Jacinto shelter, where the dog appeared to recognize them immediately.
“I'm not going to lie, I cried,” Reyes told staff.
Chela's unique name, a colloquial Spanish term for “beer me,” was given by Reyes' brother.
The overweight pup appears to have been living the good life. Reyes, who told shelter employees “wow, they got fat,” plans to put their pooch on a diet.
One step closer to teleportation
THE UNIVERSITY OF QUEENSLAND 12 SEP 2013
Image: pixelparticle/Shutterstock In a world's first, researchers stored information inside an electronic chip and sent it to another location using quatum teleportation.
A team of University of Queensland physicists has transmitted an atom from one location to another inside an electronic chip.
The team, which includes Dr Arkady Fedorov and Dr Matthias Baur from UQ's ARC Centre of Excellence for Engineered Quantum Systems and the School of Mathematics and Physics, published its findings in Nature.
Dr Fedorov said the team had achieved quantum teleportation for the first time, which could lead to larger electronic networks and more functional electronic chips.
“This is a process by which quantum information can be transmitted from one place to another without sending a physical carrier of information,” Dr Fedorov said.
“In this process the information just appears at the destination, almost like teleportation used in the famous science fiction series Star Trek.”
Dr Fedorov said the key resource of quantum teleportation was a special type of correlation, called entanglement, shared between a sender and a receiver.
“Once entanglement is created, this ‘impossible' information transfer becomes in fact possible thanks to laws of quantum mechanics,” Dr Fedorov said.
“For the first time, the stunning process of quantum teleportation has now been used in a circuit to relay information from one corner of the sample to the other.
“What makes our work interesting is the system uses a circuit, much like modern computer chips.
“In our system the quantum information is stored in artificial structures called quantum bits, and you can even see them with your bare eyes.
“This is surprising because people typically expect quantum only at atomic scales, not even visible with electronic microscopes.
“This quantum information allows us to do teleportation with impressive speed and accuracy above what has been achievable to date.”
“In our Superconducting Quantum Devices laboratory at UQ we are using this technology to further enhance our knowledge about the quantum nature,” Dr Fedorov said.
“Eventually this technology will be used to create more powerful devices.”
This research indicates that questions relating to the physics of quantum communication can be addressed using electronic circuits at microwave frequencies.
“One may even foresee future experiments in which quantum information will be distributed over larger distances directly by microwave to optical interfaces for quantum communication,” Dr Fedorov said.
Teleportation is expected to find applications in secure communication and in more efficient information processing based on the laws of quantum physics.
Dr Arkady Fedorov and Dr Matthias Baur moved from ETH Zurich where the research was conducted to UQ in January this year.
The team also includes L. Steffen, Y. Salathe, M. Oppliger, P. Kurpiers, M. Baur, C. Lang, G. Puebla-Hellmann, and Andreas Wallraff from ETH Zurich.
Dr Fedorov is a Chief Investigator in the Australia Research Council Centre of Excellence for Engineered Quantum Systems (EQuS).
EQuS aims to initiate the Quantum Era in the 21st century by engineering designer quantum systems.
Through focused and visionary research, EQuS will deliver new scientific insights and fundamentally new technical capabilities across a range of disciplines.
Impacts of this work will improve the lives of Australians and people all over the world by producing breakthroughs in physics, engineering, chemistry, biology and medicine.
Paper: L. Steffen, Y. Salathe, M. Oppliger, P. Kurpiers, M. Baur, C. Lang, G. Puebla-Hellmann, A. Fedorov, and Andreas Wallraff (2013) Deterministic quantum teleportation with feed-forward in a solid state system. Nature 500, 319-322.
Foreign film sales execs took aim at Hollywood guilds and unions at the Independent Film & Television Alliance Production Conference today, citing them as the biggest roadblocks in getting indie films made. “I get it that stars like Bruce Willis are getting paid the big money, they are the driving force behind these films getting made, but I don't get the guys who pull cables that make $100,000 a year,” said Voltage Pictures president and CEO Nicolas Chartier during the IFTA panel on indie finance and production.
Chartier, whose credits as producer include The Hurt Locker and Killer Joe, specifically cited SAG-AFTRA residuals, and how indie filmmakers are required to make deposits on residuals for films even if they haven't generated revenue. “Residuals used to be based on movies playing on free TV. Hurt Locker and Michael Clayton never played on free TV, so why am I paying residuals two years before the movie is made?” they said. They added: “It's getting worse: the amount of paperwork we have done with the unions. All we do is is contracts and collections. I came into this business as a writer with Cassian Elwes as my agent. Now, we're lawyers, suing people and going to arbitration.”
Related: Cassian Elwes Slams Studios & Agencies Over “Rubbish” Tentpole System
Mark Damon, producer of 2 Guns and Lone Survivor and CEO and chairperson of Foresight Unlimited, agreed. “SAG (SAG-AFTRA) requires you have to pay a performance bond — and you may not get it back. And you have to pay a residual bond which comes out of your budget upfront.” Michael Ryan, partner at GFM Films, which is behind the Monty Python-Simon Pegg comedy Absolutely Anything, remarked that “The UK unions used to be absolutely dreadful, but they've gotten better and the UK is a great place to make movies.”
Among the topics discussed at the panel — comprised of moderator Pierre David from Reel One Entertainment, Daniel Baur CEO of K5 International, Myriad Pictures president and CEO Kirk D'Amico and Hillary Bibicoff, attorney from Holmes Weinberg, PC — included how big actors' bonuses on films such as 2 Guns prevent investors from getting paid. And if investors, especially those who are new in Hollywood, aren't making money off of their films investments, they're unlikely to return to the business.
D'Amico said one of the biggest problems for foreign sales agents is that U.S. feature distribution is still used by overseas buyers as the yardstick. “We started selling foreign on Margin Call when production commenced. But buyers didn't consider it to be a theatrical release until Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions released it.” Margin Call was mentioned continually at the conference today as a success for the indie community. Elwes, the film's executive producer, said the feature made $5 million theatrical, and $15 million on VOD off a $4 million budget.
The number of yakuza, Japan's organized crime group members, hit its lowest record since the country's first anti-organized crime laws passed in 1992, the National Police Agency announced this week. The number of yakuza had hovered around 80,000 for almost 18 years up to 2011 but the nationwide criminalization of paying the yakuza or doing business with them has dealt a blow to these quasi-legal organizations. However, like many things in Japan, the statistics and the reality are always slightly askew.
According to the National Police Agency, yakuza membership peaked in 1963, at approximately 184,100 members. Since the implementation of the anti-organized crime laws in 1992, the number of active members “has been approximately at the same level” of roughly 80,000. But by the end of 2011 membership was starting to seriously decline down to 70,300 members. (32,700 regular members and 37,600 associates.)
The NPA says about 4,600 members retired from regulated organized crime activities within a year, bringing the total numbers of registered members and associates to about 58,600 in 2013 down from 63,200 in 2012. Unlike most organized crime groups in the world, the Japanese mafia is recognized and regulated by the police under the organized crime control laws, but not outlawed. The groups still have offices and fort-like headquarters, business cards, corporate logos, badges and fan magazines. The Yamaguchi-gumi, Japan's largest organized crime group even has their own internal newspaper and has a website in development, perhaps hoping to recruit younger members and shore up PR.
Their primary sources of revenue are extortion, racketeering, financial fraud, blackmail, stock market manipulation, drugs, the entertainment business, sports industry, film and television production, and providing labor and security to the nuclear industry. The yakuza were traditionally federations of gamblers (bakuto) and street merchants (tekiya). They acted as a second police force in the chaos after the Second World War, gaining some legitimacy. They are called boryokudan, 暴力団 (violent groups) by the police but they refer themselves “yakuza” “gokudo” and as ninkyodantai 仁侠団体 (humanitarian groups) and claim that they contribute to preserving peace in Japan, and emergency aid when natural catastrophes hit the country.
The Yakuza Code Is Fading
The NPA reportedly explained the decline in yakuza membership as due to the police crackdown on organized crime syndicates. However it is unclear where all the former yakuza members and associates have gone. It is also possible that some defected to join groups less well known to the police. Experts say petty crime rate in Japan may possibly increase when organized crime members go underground and unregulated. Traditionally, most yakuza groups followed a primitive code of ethics, which forbid theft, robbery, sexual assault, dealing in and/or using drugs, & fraud. Blackmail, extortion, and racketeering were considered acceptable. As one former yakuza boss says, “If you've done something so bad that we are blackmailing you, you probably deserve to be paying. That's social justice.”
According to the Ministry of Justice over the last ten years, the numbers of yakuza arrested for traditionally frowned up crimes such as theft, robbery and fraud have continued to rise by year.
The Yakuza Corporate Logo Has Lost Its Brand Power
According to the NPA figures, the Yamaguchi-gumi, Japan's largest yakuza group lost 2,000 members in 2013 from 25,700 the previous year, and its rival gang, the Sumiyoshi-kai, lost 1,100 members in 2013 from 9,500. Tougher laws throughout the years increasingly made it difficult for Japanese mobsters to stay in business. Collecting protection money used to be a stable yakuza business until the boryokudan haijojorei (暴力団排除条例) or organized crime exclusionary laws that went into effect in 2011 criminalized sharing profits with the yakuza or paying them off. The increasing involvement of organized crime in Japan's financial system forced the police, and abroad, the U.S. Treasury Department to blacklist certain senior members within the largest Japanese criminal network.
Most of the modern yakuza have bakuto (gambler) roots. The exclusionary ordinances have most impacted the tekiya (street merchants), who contributed and still play an important cultural role in Japan's Shinto and Buddhist festivals. The exclusionary laws also target them. Officials in Buddhist temples & shrines increasingly refuse to admit the tekiya in doing business inside their temples' territory. Street food and toy stands are being replaced by professional entertainment companies' stands. Japanese street festivals and cherry blossom scenery may come closer to resembling Disney Land in the near future, rather than a quaint gathering of tattooed merchants and traditional Japanese food and wares.
Japanese law enforcement uses all the laws available to crack down on the yakuza. Most banks, real estate, insurance, and even golf club contracts have an organized crime exclusionary clause built into them. If an organized crime member signs the contract, perhaps say to open a bank account, the financial institution can unilaterally close the account if they confirm organized crime connections with the police. The yakuza member can then be arrested on fraud charges. A mid-level yakuza member, A. Kobayashi, left their organization in 2013. “I couldn't get insurance, have a bank account, or join a sports gym. It was like being a non-person. My girlfriend dumped me; I couldn't pay my association dues. I couldn't collect protection money. I got out. It's hard to find a job. The Centers for The Elimination Of Organized Crime are supposed to help us re-enter society, but there aren't any good jobs.”
Crime Doesn't Pay; In Civil Court
The other factor that has contributed to a decline in membership and increasing departures are laws on “employer liability” which make the yakuza bosses responsible for any damages committed by lower members. Revisions made to Japan's Organized Crime Countermeasures Law, boryokudan taisakuho, (暴力団対策法) in 2008 now hold organized crime bosses responsible for the actions of their underlings in civil court.
In October of 2012, Tadamasa Goto, former boss of the Yamaguchi-gumi Goto-gumi crime group, agreed to pay ¥110 million, or $1.2 million, to settle a lawsuit filed by the family of Kazuoki Nozaki, who was murdered by members of Goto's organization in 2006 over a real estate dispute. Goto has never faced criminal charges for the killing.
While the yakuza fan magazines still exist, the numbers have dwindled from three monthly magazines to two and the yakuza comic books such “The Yamaguchi-Kodo-Kai Versus The National Police Agency: Never Ending Battle To The Death Without Victory” and manga biographies of living yakuza bosses are now rarely sold in convenience stores or even regular bookstores.
There is increasing dissatisfaction among lower ranking yakuza bosses who pay anywhere from 10,000 to 30,000 dollars a month in tribute to the organization above, in the yakuza pyramid.
One boss based in the Kanto area has seen their organization drop from 120 people to 20 full-time members since 2008. They explain their frustration as follows:
“Can you imagine running a McDonald's without being able to use the golden arches? The yakuza is like a franchise of fear. You pay your dues, you get to use the name, the symbol, and the force that comes with it—you make money. That's how it used to be. It's a dishonest living—but it used to be a good dishonest living. You shake down some assholes, you loan money, you collect protection fees from the local bars, love hotels, car dealers. And you could do that when you had your badge and your business card. But since 2012 or so, you can't even carry a business card. You know, it's not very intimidating to be a nameless yakuza. So what are you paying for? You don't even get to wear the badge anymore. You might as well just be a common criminal.”
Fading out or just turning invisible
A veteran organized crime detective says, “The numbers are definitely down but the yakuza are also moving underground. We can't just go and have tea with the bosses and get a list of members like we used to years ago. There are increasing fake expulsions, giso hamon, (偽装破門), where a yakuza member is technically kicked out of a group but continues to do business with them. The tattoos, the missing fingers, they are becoming cultural anachronisms. There are fewer yakuza on the bottom end of the underworld economy. But in the entertainment industry, sports, construction, real estate and nuclear business, they are still very much a real presence. In politics as well.”
The yakuza numbers are going down but how much of it is real and how much of it is a failure to track them as they adapt is the great unknown. And they are not all going quietly. In Kyushu, where the yakuza are deeply rooted, they are not leaving with a whimper, they are leaving with a bang. Gang war there continues on a frightening scale. The yakuza is dwindling from public view: it will be a long time before they are really gone---if ever.
Michael Collins electioneering in County Cork, and Belfast Ireland (Eire).
Note: "Some of the material in this item are cuts. There is also some material that does not relate to the County Cork election."
M/S's of a smartly dressed Michael Collins speaking to to woman milking a cow at a country farm. L/S of of Collins talking to three flat capped men. One man sits on a large wooden barrel swigging from their tankard. L/S of men and two old woman dressed in black standing next to cart in the country, they appear to be having a good gossip!
L/S of woman and children standing next to sea wall, Collins walks into the picture and shakes and introduces himself. M/S of Collins talking to very old woman in black hooded gown, they smile. Good M/S of Collins giving speech from platform. L/S of two men walking down twisty village street, one is carrying a very large scythe. An opened topped military vehicle disturbs the tranquility as it lurches up the road full of soldiers and leaves a cloud of dust behind it. (Auxiliary Police Cadets - nicknamed Auxies)
L/S of smoke and flames billowing from building. L/S of small children sleeping on the grass verges of a small country road. L/S's of man on ladder painting a mural on the side of a building (I think this footage is probably from Belfast). L/S of military soldiers on cart. L/S of a mural which shows a man on a horse with sword with the Union Flag (Union Jack) painted over the top.
L/S of Collins speaking to country folk. M/S of old man in shabby coat waving their hat. L/S of Collins standing in the ruins of their burnt out house. M/S shot of men looking at an election poster for Sinn Fein. M/S's of armoured vehicle followed by a procession of people and soldiers, large crowds wave them on.
L/S's of people and children walking out of gateway away from large building, there is a brief appearance of Collins (it is probably a polling house on Election day. L/S's of Michael Collins giving speech on platform. L/S looking down on large crowd.
Intertitle reads: "Mr. Collins amidst the ruins of their burnt down homestead." M/S of Collins standing in the ruins of their house. M/S of Collins with older gentleman (possibly their dad ?). M/S of Collins shaking hands with people sitting in wooden cart. M/S of pub sign with the words "MARYANNE COLLINS - licensed to sell spirits..." (Michael Collins mother ?).
L/S of woman and children standing next to sea wall, Collins chats to them. Intertitle reads: "Polling at Collins first School." L/S's of people entering polling station. M/S of priest exiting. Various shots of Collins talking to people outside the polling station. M/S of Collins speaking to two old woman.
INTRODUCTION
Back in July of 2009, Gabriel Desjardins at PuckProspectus tried to identify whether or not winning a hockey fight could be the impetus behind a boost in team scoring. They found virtually nothing.
More than four years later, I've found a much more significant set of data. The numbers may surprise you.
METHODOLOGY
I used a slightly different approach from Desjardins, mostly because I really wanted to target the league's fighting-specialists who are mythologized as on-ice intimidators and certifiable momentum changers by guys like Don Cherry and the Hockey Night in Canada crew.
Sixty-five fighters logged four or more fights last year. I took each player and looked at their 2012-2013 fighting record as decided by the public at HockeyFights.com. The site does generate hundreds of votes per fight, and theoretically can serve as a decent representation of the much-larger hockey-fan base.
I pooled all of the fights won by each of the fighters, then noted whether their respective team scored or conceded the following goal. There were a handful of instances where a fight occurred and neither team scored for the rest of the game — as such, these instances aren't included in the data.
How did they fare in the one-hundred and seventy-seven fights collected?
So, just to be clear here: if you're an enforcer / fighting-specialist and beat the living hell out of some poor guy in a hockey game last year, there was a better than 54% chance your team was going to concede the next goal.
Colton Orr, Mike Brown, Jared Boll, Brandon Prust — a bunch of guys who fought last year, and a bunch of guys who saw the opposition go on to score the next goal more often than not.
Everyone's favorite top-six power-forwards Milan Lucic and Chris Stewart won a combined seven fights in more or less bloodbath-fashion last year. Never once did the Bruins or the Blues, respectively, score the next goal.
CONCLUSION
Anyone with even a rudimentary understanding of how little something like fighting should have on future outcomes can see that this 54%-to-46% data set is nothing more than getting lucky (or, unlucky) on a series of coin-flips. Realistically, the number should be just about 50%-50%. The methodology in this study is questionable, too. My guess is that an even-more rigourous aproach, with score-effect adjustments and the lot, will turn up what everyone expects: there's truly nothing to see, because fighting is irrelevant to future performance.
But if you're Nick Kypreos and still under the impression that fighting can impact games (and, more specifically, goal-scoring), there's your answer. It absolutely can. For the other team. And the goal for all fighting-types should be the same from here forward. Start a fight, but take a dive. Lose at all costs. If you're a gritty, heart-and-soul guy looking to sacrifice your well-being for the success of your hockey team, wear a flurry of rights on your face. Do it, and you'll have a 4% better chance at scoring the next goal. Also, enjoy the concussion that comes as a proximate result. Those can end well.
For the sickly-types interested in the inputs for the above, I've opened a Google spreadsheet with all of your favorite fighters and included it below.
“Rather be forgotten, than remembered for giving in”
– Summer Holidays vs. Punk Routine (Refused)
The concept of band reunions has always been difficult for me. What purpose could it ever serve other then to bring a false experience to listeners who came too late? Does anyone at this year's Zeppelin reunion believe the experience holds any relation to the band's creative period? Reunion shows are like museums, looking at the remains of something that was once great. Yet throughout the normally unforgiving message boards and the blogosphere we hear no critique of Refused reuniting.
Back in the mid 90s Refused were an average hardcore band, that used an average amount of experimentation in their sound, and produced a vaguely left wing message that was typical for a band of the genre at that time. Nearing the end of the 90s the band released their greatest album and then broke up shortly after. A lot of the politics from this album were reminiscent of anti-parent culture Hegelian dialect coming from the Nation of Ulysses. Refused focused more on the situationist elements, ignoring the comedic/fun parts of Svenonius's style.
When we view their recent reunion shows in situationist terms their actions are a farce. They are just taking the experience and nostalgia of their long gone basement shows and selling it back as a mass market product. There's something fishy about middle aged punks, touring the world, selling out shows, whilst singing about the totality and barbarity of capitalism. The audience consumes the politics they paid for, denied any kind of political action that the lyrics call for. It's all a politics of gestures, not participation (much of what passes for political today is just gesture).
This leads to the question of what should shows be? I think this issue has a lot of confusion surrounding it. Why do we attend concerts in the first place? I can't speak for all, but personally my favourite shows have been of bands just as they are beginning. When they only have a release or two out for public consumption. At this point the band is something to be experienced, not bought. These shows had kids pilled in to legion halls, the music was met with their bodies erupting in chaos, the night was ended with a trip back to the banality everyday life.
I think that seeing the modern incarnation of Refused would ruin my imagination of what they were in their prime. The show that will change your perception of everything cannot be orchestrated, planned, and marketed to you. You need to find it for yourself. In the end I suppose this all very normal, and no different then any other band trading in their message for a day job.
Windows: Most Windows computers these days have a recovery partition built in, but it contains all the crapware that came with your computer. If you'd like to create your own recovery partition, AOMEI adds that backup function to any PC.
Programs like Steady-State protect a PC by letting you undo any recent changes, but this is different. It creates an image of your hard drive on another partition (you'll need the space) or external hard drive. When your system gets hosed, you can return it to the last image from the Windows boot menu. Unlike Windows System Restore, this will overwrite any existing stuff you have on the drive. For nasty viruses that you can't get rid of, this is another tool in your arsenal.
Advertisement
AOMEI OneKey Recovery | AOMEI via Into Windows
I will never forget the day, six years ago, that I received a phone call saying I was rejected from the Loran Scholarship. As one of Canada's most prestigious programs, it essentially gives students a free ride to any university in the country. I knew, like many, that my family wouldn't be able to support the pursuit of college, so this scholarship would have been my golden ticket. The director informed me that my extracurricular activities (doing solar energy research, competing in international science fairs – but not winning them, being the CEO of a small business, blah blah overachiever stuff…) weren't diverse or interesting enough. They decided to nominate another candidate from Alberta who was more well-rounded than me.
I had been rejected from many things before, but this time, the loss almost destroyed me. The idea of my family having to sell our house or go into deep debt terrified me. I thought this opportunity was one of very few chances I would have at a better future that would allow me to get out of my hometown. I remember sitting on the couch for a few days – my parents even let me skip school – just moping as I watched television and mindlessly browsed the Internet. I seriously considered joining the Canadian Forces so I would be able to afford college. I ate a lot of junk food. I cried a lot. It felt like the apocalypse was happening. It took weeks before the awful knot in my stomach untangled itself, and months before I actually felt like myself again.
In hindsight, I recognize now that I had no coping mechanisms to organize my emotions, which is what made it so difficult to move forward. It took a long time before I began formulating a new plan of action. I eventually went on to receive other scholarships to fund my post-secondary studies, applying for them with renewed determination. Even though the Loran judges felt at the time that I didn't exemplify their values of “commitment to service and an entrepreneurial spirit”, this didn't have to become my reality. I realized could prove them wrong, but it took me far too long to rebound from that disappointment.
As a 20-something young adult going through the ups and downs of life, there have been many other moments afterwards that I handled equally poorly: plenty of rejections from fellowships/scholarships/competitions/colleges, getting kicked out of an organization I cared a lot about, receiving feedback telling me that my ideas were meaningless, losing a close friend due to irreconcilable differences…
Although there are many highs in my life, I grew increasingly frustrated with how the lows always knocked me down so severely. Crappy things inevitably happen to all of us, but I had always struggled with accepting and moving on from them. The final straw was when I was recently dumped by someone who I thought had serious potential to be my lifelong partner after a long-term relationship. I was devastated, and I knew something had to change with the way I was handling disappointment. How could I manage my emotions and develop a mental framework for staying positive and resilient, instead of letting my grief and bitterness consume me for extended periods of time?
I decided to utilize my love of organization to help rebuild myself. I had been using spreadsheets on a daily basis for the past year to track my diet, exercise and productivity, so why not use them to improve my emotional recovery process? I knew time heals all wounds, but what if there were ways that I could ease the pain in the meantime, while still allowing myself to emotionally acknowledge and process what happened?
Below, I have shared spreadsheet templates that I used in different phases of my emotional journey. I don't currently use all of these at the same time – my spreadsheet formatting has evolved over time as my needs and habits changed. I typically have 1-2 consolidated spreadsheets so I don't have to flip back and forth between different documents. Based on a few months of trial and error, here are some tactics I honed over time to help me deal with crappy stuff:
1. Observe when your mood swings happen, and schedule activities accordingly. For example, I noticed that I would get particularly sad/excessively existentialist in the late afternoons, so I started planning to either watch a movie, nap, hang out with friends, or do something that would cheer me up during that time of the day, rather than trying to pointlessly force myself to get work done. It was important for me to learn how to manage my expectations.
2. Nap to reset your mood. One friend compared napping to the “battery pull” you do to hard reset your cell phone when it's frozen. Time the naps to when you are feeling at your worst.
3. Keep track of what you've learned. I realized that I was getting sucked into very negative thought cycles while listening to instrumental music on my 20-minute commutes to work, or when I had to wait in silence in long lines at the grocery store, and I would end up extremely sad. So I decided to turn this into an educational opportunity by listening to podcasts/TED talks/videos/etc. – anything that had someone else's words in it – whenever I was left alone with my thoughts for a little too long. It helped to focus on someone else's voice and what they were talking about, instead of my own thoughts. I then kept track of the takeaways so I could apply them to my life moving forward, both personally and professionally.
4. Lean on the people in your support network, but cycle through different friends on different days/weeks to ensure that you don't wear them down or excessively burden them. I am a highly emotional person who heals the most when I am openly sharing my feelings and fears with my loved ones, so this was very necessary for me.
5. Write down your first positive thought when you wake up in the morning. Let it be your mantra for the day. I wrote Quotes of the Day on my whiteboard in my room, shared some of them with close friends, and recited them to myself whenever I was feeling self-doubt. At the end of the day, I recorded each mantra in my spreadsheet so that I would be able to reflect on old ideas and continue building upon them with each new day.
6. Reframe negative thoughts you have about others' intentions into positive ones to better understand the situations around you. This concept sounds obvious in principle, but I initially found myself rolling my eyes and just thinking “Oh, of course people mean well.” To push myself to take this more seriously, I started writing the reframes down. Having to form coherent sentences forced me to genuinely internalize the positive idea.
The difference between the post-rejection couch potato I was six years ago and the who now uses spreadsheets to make sense of my emotions and thoughts is huge. Chronicling my emotional journey in such a clear, incremental way has been incredibly empowering. It's not about the data I'm logging – I don't claim to be making statistically significant observations about my life at all. (This is not intended to be some sort of Quantified Self lifelogging project, although that is a field I am quite interested in.) The reason spreadsheeting is so powerful for me is because I can really feel that each and every cell I am updating brings me one step closer to finding myself again.
Spreadsheeting is my way of journaling and reflecting on the progress I've made. On days when I feel discouraged because it feels like life will never get any better, I scroll through my spreadsheets and see how much I have learned every day. I see how my average mood rating has gone up over time. I see how many positive thoughts I have had lately. Tracking my progress gives me the courage to keep working towards something awesome.
I hope that some of these ideas might be useful to someone else going through a tough time. However, it is important to build your own routine and mental framework, rather than just copying someone else's. Spreadsheets aren't for everyone, but I highly recommend finding a way to keep ideas and emotions organized. Sometimes, it helps.
The pain we are going through right now is worth the greatness we can achieve later.
Pop star Ariana Grande sent a message out on May 26 that they will hold a benefit concert in Manchester for the victims of the suicide bombing at their show in the English city. (Reuters)
Music fans in Britain will come together Sunday for the event “One Love Manchester,” featuring major international acts including Ariana Grande, Justin Bieber and Usher, plus many more.
The event was announced after a suicide bombing shortly after a Grande concert in Manchester last month left 22 people dead. Proceeds from the concert, which will also be broadcast around the world, will go to a fund designed to help those affected by the attack and their families.
But planning for the event has been hindered by allegations that 10,000 people have fraudulently applied for tickets.
Thousands of tickets for the concert went on sale Thursday, but organizers had also set aside a substantial amount of free tickets for those who had been at the Grande concert where the attack occurred. Later that day, Ticketmaster announced that more than 25,000 people had applied for those tickets, when only around 14,000 people are thought to have been at Grande's concert May 22.
“Sadly, over 10,000 unscrupulous applications have been made,” Ticketmaster said in a statement.
In addition to the 14,200 places set aside for attendees of the original concert, around 35,000 additional tickets had been available for sale through the Ticketmaster. These tickets are reported to have sold out in just 20 minutes. The BBC reports that some tickets have appeared for sale on eBay, where they were listed at inflated prices.
Both eBay and Ticketmaster are working to block any reselling of the tickets, but that has slowed the process of getting tickets to genuine attendees of the first concert and has led to some frustration among fans. On Friday, Ticketmaster announced that it had processed 12,000 tickets for fans from the first concert.
“We will not stop until we have as many genuine fans at the show as possible,” the statement read.
Sunday's show is due to take place at the Emirates Old Trafford cricket ground, which houses around 50,000 people for a music event. Grande had pledged to return to Manchester to raise money and honor the victims of the attack, which the Islamic State claimed responsibility for.
More on WorldViews:
Two bombings in Manchester, 21 years apart, show the changing nature of terrorism
NEW YORK – Following Tuesday's devastating earthquake in Mexico, Verizon is supporting customers with loved ones potentially impacted by this terrible tragedy by offering free wireless and wireline calling from the U.S. to Mexico to help connect them with family and friends.
"For the second time in just two weeks, residents of Mexico are recovering from another devastating earthquake,” said Tami Erwin, Executive Vice President, Verizon Wireless Operations. “We know how important it is for our customers to be able to connect with their loved ones and we want them to know we are here for them.”
Home wireline telephone customers will incur no charges to Mexico from their U.S. landlines beginning at 12:01 a.m. on Wednesday, September 20, through Friday, September 22, 2017 (applicable taxes and surcharges will apply).
Wireless post-paid customers will incur no charges for texts or international long distance calls originating from the U.S. to Mexico beginning at 12:01 a.m. on Wednesday, September 20, through Friday, September 22, 2017 (applicable taxes and surcharges will apply).
"Our thoughts are with the people of Mexico and our customers here in the U.S. who are worried about family and friends,” said Ken Dixon, Senior Vice President, Wireline Operations for Verizon. “We want our residential landline customers to know they can pick up the phone and dial directly to find loved ones potentially affected by this devastating earthquake, without expense."
Spoofs & Satire Nov 14, 2007 Children's Letters to George W. Bush
The White House is besieged by requests from all corners, even America's classrooms. A trove of letters to the president, discovered.
Dear President Bush,
We're almost out of ivory toothpicks and we need a new hedge maze (the old one is too easy). Please give Daddy another tax cut. Pleeeaaassseee? If you do, I'll get Yolanda to bake you some cookies. She's from Mexico but don't tell anyone ‘cuz it's a big secret.
Chip, age 7
* * *
Dear President Bush,
I want a Super Soaker and Rollerblades and an X-Box 360 with lots of games. Mom says I should write to Santa Claus instead, but he's just some fat Swede and you're the leader of the free world. It's no contest! Anyway, I've been pretty good this year, except for that thing with the glue gun, but that was totally not my fault. Cats just don't listen.
Sonny, age 10
* * *
Dear President Bush,
Can you really turn back time? Mommy's life partner says you want to go back to a time when radio was popular and people wore hats and there were tigers everywhere. Just be careful that you don't accidentally kill your own grandmother or grandfather, because then you wouldn't exist. It's a paradox.
Ashley, age 8
* * *
Dear President Bush,
There are too many states. I have to memorize all of them AND their stupid capitals (even Bismarck) and it's too hard! Please get rid of some of them before I fail geography. Why not start with North Dakota? It's small and cold and its state animal is a gopher. Nobody likes gophers.
Gene, age 9
* * *
Dear President Bush,
Electric cars suck. Please tell the car people to make cars that runs on tofu (YUCK!) and have built-in George Foreman grills for hamburgers (YUM!) and anti-condor catapults on the roof (COOL!). I'll vote for you forever, I promise!
Hank, age 10
* * *
Dear President Bush,
I'm hungry. Mommy lost their second job at Target and now we can't afford relish or anything. Please put food on my family! Anything you can spare would be great. God bless!
Conny, age 7
* * *
Dear President Bush,
I used to want to be a politician like you, but not anymore. Aunt Lucy says politicians eat pies stuffed with baby birds. I tried to bake a pie like that, and now I'm not allowed in the park anymore, not even just to use the swings. It's not fair!
Teddy, age 9
* * *
Dear President Bush,
Please find enclosed fifty cents. I am a lobbyist, this is a campaign contribution, and now I own you. The first thing I want you to do is pass a law against bathtime. I HATE BATHTIME! Do it before supper and there is another fifty cents in it for you.
Zack, age 8
DENVER – U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Wednesday said the idea that medical marijuana could be used as a remedy to heroin and opioid addiction is “stupid” in their latest statements questioning the legitimacy of medical and recreational marijuana programs in states like Colorado.
Speaking to law enforcement agencies in Virginia, Sessions said they and their office “may rethink” some of the policies regarding federal enforcement of marijuana laws in states that have legalized recreational and medical marijuana, according to The Washington Post.
“Medical marijuana has been hyped, maybe too much,” Sessions said.
The Post reports that Sessions also said after their speech that they were “dubious” of medical marijuana and research that points to it being an alternative painkiller and treatment option for opioid addicts.
“I've heard people say we could solve our heroin problem with marijuana. How stupid is that? Give me a break,” they said during their speech, which again lumped together drug use and an uptick last year in violent crime.
Eight states and the District of Columbia have legalized recreational marijuana sales, but medical marijuana is legal in 28 states and D.C.
In recent weeks, Sessions has said he's “not a fan” of marijuana use but has said that states “can pass the laws they choose,” though they maintained that federal law trumps state law when it comes to marijuana enforcement.
Colorado Attorney General Cynthia Coffman responded to Sessions' prior comments by inviting them to Colorado to see its program firsthand.
"I'd like to be able to share what we have learned and where we have put in place a good framework for marijuana regulations," they said. "Now for the federal government to say we're doing things wrong, or we're going to come in and take this regulation away from you without having first looked to see what we're doing is precipitous."
During Wednesday's speech, Sessions also said that the country has “too much tolerance for drug use,” and went back to citing Nancy Reagan's “Just Say No” campaign as a means for combating drug use, according to The Post.
Colorado's medical and recreational businesses sold more than $1 billion worth of pot last year. Industry leaders have said the dismantling of the state's industry could cause a recession.
--------- Sign up for Denver7 email alerts to stay informed about breaking news and daily headlines.
Or, keep up-to-date on the latest news and weather with the Denver7 apps for iPhone/iPads , Android and Kindle .
HABERTÜRK SPOR
Transferde hareketli günler geçiren G.Saray iki ismi daha kadrosuna kattı. Ön libero için uzun süredir çalışmalarını sürdüren Sarı-Kırmızılılar, bu takviyeden önce orta sahaya alternatif olarak Bundesliga ekiplerinden Hertha Berlin'de forma giyen Tolga Ciğerci'yi renklerine bağladı. Teknik direktör Riekerink'in olumlu rapor verdiği 24 yaşındaki oyuncu için 3.5 milyon Euro bonservis bedeli talep eden Alman ekibiyle bir süredir sıkı pazarlık halinde olan Özbek yönetiminin yaklaşık 3 milyon Euro'ya el sıkıştığı bildirildi. Tolga'yı dün İstanbul'a getirten ve görüşmelere başlandığını KAP'a bildiren yönetimin, 2 milyon Euro isteyen gurbetçi futbolcuyu da 1.5 milyon Euro'ya ikna ederek bugün yarın sözleşme imzalayacağı öğrenildi.
FIRTINA GİBİ SAĞ BEK!
Aslan'ın kurmayları, sağ bekteki sorunu da Trabzonspor'dan çözdü. Bu mevki için de bir süredir arayışlarda olan ve Fırtına'da kadro dışı bırakılan Luis Cavanda için temaslarda bulunan Sarı-Kırmızılı yöneticiler, Bordo-Mavili kulüple büyük ölçüde el sıkıştı. Sürati ve tekniğiyle dikkat çeken Belçikalı oyuncu konusunda arada ufak pürüzlerin kaldığı ve bu transferin de bugün açıklanmasının beklendiği ifade edildi.
GÜNÜN ÖNEMLİ MANŞETLERİ
WASHINGTON/BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court declined on Monday to hear Argentina's appeal over its battle with hedge funds that refused to take part in its debt restructurings, an unexpected move that risks toppling Latin America's No 3 economy into a new default.
Argentine stockbrokers work on the floor of the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange June 16, 2014. REUTERS/Enrique Marcarian
The high court left intact lower court rulings that ordered Argentina to pay $1.33 billion to the so-called holdouts who refused 2005 and 2010 debt swaps in the wake of its catastrophic 2001-02 default on $100 billion.
This could open the door to claims from other holdouts worth as much as $15 billion, a hefty sum for a slowing economy struggling with rapidly dwindling foreign reserves.
The news triggered a nosedive in Argentine stocks and bonds after investors expected the court to delay its decision and give Argentina time to negotiate with holdouts or restructure its exchange bonds outside of New York legislation.
The impact on global markets was muted given the country's economic isolation since its default.
Argentina has previously refused to pay up. It argues it does not have the funds and cannot give holdouts preferential treatment over exchange bondholders after many of them bought the debt at a massive discount and are claiming payback in full.
If it sticks to that position, U.S. District Judge Thomas Griesa could prevent full payment to exchange bondholders even though the country is able and willing to pay them.
This could result in a default by June 30, when payments are due on discount bonds governed by New York, further setting back Argentina's return to international capital markets.
“It's a very damaging scenario for Argentina,” said Marco Lavagna at Ecolatina consultancy, noting that how lower courts implemented their rulings was key. “Maybe something could open up there and allow for negotiation.
Argentina hinted last month it might consider negotiating with holdouts but could not do so until December 31 of this year when a clause in its debt swaps prohibiting it from offering holdouts better terms expires.
Whether Argentina can keep stalling investors and U.S. courts until that date remains to be seen.
Argentine stocks .MERV were down 7.3 percent by 1730 GMT, while the U.S. dollar-denominated benchmark 2033 Discount bonds ARGGLB33=RR fell 7.86 points in price to bid 75.010. Siobhan Morden, New York-based head of Latin American strategy at Jefferies LLC, said the market reaction was relatively mild as investors waited to see how the government would respond.
The government was not immediately available for comment on Monday but state-run news agency Telam said President Cristina Fernandez would deliver a televised address on Monday night.
The decision comes at an unfortunate time for Argentina which has been trying to normalize relations with foreign investors and creditors in order to regain access to international funds.
A DOUBLE BLOW
Argentina wants to avoid making full payment to holdouts led by hedge funds Aurelius Capital Management and NML Capital Ltd, a unit of billionaire Paul Singer's Elliott Management Corp, that Fernandez has slated as “vultures”.
Creditors holding about 93 percent of Argentina's bonds agreed to participate in the two debt swaps in 2005 and 2010, accepting between 25 and 29 cents on the dollar.
Some groups such as the IMF, the Washington-based global lender, have said they are worried a ruling against Argentina will make it more difficult for other countries to restructure their debt and put financial calamity behind them.
“This is surprising because it is giving a precedent for any ‘vulture fund' to go against any country, so any country is vulnerable in a restructured,” said Sebastian Centurion at ABC Exchange.
Others say collective action clauses that are now broadly used now in sovereign debt issuance should prevent Argentina's particular case becoming a precedent. Emerging markets did not react to the news of the Supreme Court decision.
In a double blow to Argentina on Monday, the U.S. Supreme Court also ruled that creditors can seek information about Argentina's non-U.S. assets in a case about bank subpoenas that is part of the country's decade-long litigation with holdouts.
The question was whether NML could enforce subpoenas against Bank of America and Banco de la Nacion Argentina. The court's ruling may nonetheless have limited impact in part because of Argentina's limited assets around the world.
NML has in the past pursued Argentine assets aggressively in its fight to get full repayment for its bonds, in 2012 even seizing an Argentine navy ship in Ghana.
On the issue of paying bondholders, Argentina had said in its most recent court filing that the government would struggle to pay the bondholders in full while also serving its restructured debt.
In that scenario, “Argentina will have to face, objectively, a serious and imminent risk of default,” the filing said.
The bondholders dispute that assessment, saying in their own court filing there was evidence presented in lower courts that Argentina could afford to pay.
“We are reviewing the decisions from the Supreme Court today and what the next steps might be, but we have no other comment at this time,” a spokesperson for NML told Reuters.
Representatives of prominent conservative groups converged on the Heritage Foundation on Monday afternoon for the umpteenth in a series of gatherings to draw attention to the Benghazi controversy.
But this one took an unexpected turn.
What began as a session purportedly about “unanswered questions” surrounding the September 2012 attacks on U.S. facilities in Libya deteriorated into the ugly taunting of a woman in the room who wore an Islamic head covering.
The session, as usual, quickly moved beyond the specifics of the assaults that left four Americans dead to accusations about the Muslim Brotherhood infiltrating the Obama administration, President Obama funding jihadists in their quest to destroy the United States, Obama and Hillary Rodham Clinton attempting to impose Sharia blasphemy laws on Americans and Al Jazeera America being an organ of “enemy propaganda.”
Then Saba Ahmed, an American University law student, stood in the back of the room and asked a question in a soft voice. “We portray Islam and all Muslims as bad, but there's 1.8 billion followers of Islam,” they told them. “We have 8 million-plus Muslim Americans in this country and I don't see them represented here.”
WASHINGTON, DC - JULY 24: Frank Gaffney, founder and president of the Center for Security Policy, testifies during a hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee July 24, 2013 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images) (Win McNamee/Getty Images)
Panelist Brigitte Gabriel of a group called ACT! for America pounced. They said “180 million to 300 million” Muslims are “dedicated to the destruction of Western civilization.” They told Ahmed that the “peaceful majority were irrelevant” in the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, and they drew a Hitler comparison: “Most Germans were peaceful, yet the Nazis drove the agenda and as a result, 60 million died.”
“Are you an American?” Gabriel demanded of Ahmed, after accusing them of taking “the limelight” and before informing them that their “political correctness” belongs “in the garbage.”
“Where are the others speaking out?” Ahmed was asked. This drew an extended standing ovation from the nearly 150 people in the room, complete with cheers.
The panel's moderator, conservative radio host Chris Plante, grinned and joined in the assault. “Can you tell me who the head of the Muslim peace movement is?” they demanded of Ahmed.
“Yeah,” audience members taunted, “yeah.”
Ahmed answered quietly, as before. “I guess it's me right now,” they said.
Plante had kicked off the forum by lamenting a “news media that is spectacularly uncurious when it comes to even the basic bare-bones facts of what happened in Benghazi that night.” But the hour that followed showed exactly why Americans (or at least the non-Fox-News-viewing subset of Americans) are rightly skeptical: The accusers' allegations grow wilder by the day.
Plante cast doubt on whether Ambassador Chris Stevens really died of smoke inhalation, demanding to see an autopsy report.
Gabriel floated the notion that Stevens had been working on a weapons-swap program between Libya and Syria just before they were killed.
Panelist Clare Lopez of the Citizens' Commission on Benghazi said the perpetrators of the attack are “sipping frappes with journalists in juice bars.”
One questioner said they had heard that Gen. Carter Ham, then-commander of U.S. Africa Command, had been “placed under house arrest” at the time of the Benghazi attack. “I've heard the same story,” Plante seconded.
Another questioner, claiming to be from a Web site called GodSaveUSA.com, asked about an assertion that Obama “watched our people die” in real-time drone footage from Benghazi.
Heritage hosted Monday's gathering in conjunction with the Benghazi Accountability Coalition, a federation coordinated by Andrew McCarthy (prosecutor of the Blind Sheik, Omar Abdel Rahman) and including 15 groups such as Heritage, Judicial Watch and the Traditional Values Coalition. McCarthy's talk to the gathering was titled “Just the Facts” — but the facts never had a chance against all the groups' self-promotion (“Go to BenghaziCoalition.org” and “You need to be on our mailing list”) and anti-Islamist rhetoric that too often sounded just anti-Islam.
Panelist Frank Gaffney revived allegations that former Clinton aide Huma Abedin has “deep personal” ties to the Muslim Brotherhood and said they may have advocated for laws against “Sharia blasphemy.” Gaffney also said the president's view that “the future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of Islam” is “a statement you could have found on al-Qaeda's Web site.”
But it was Gabriel, a Lebanese Christian by birth, who was most vitriolic when Ahmed asked their question. Gabriel dismissed as “irrelevant” the “2.3 million Arab Muslims living in the United States [when] it took 19 hijackers — 19 radicals — to bring America down.” They mocked Ahmed's “point about peaceful, moderate Muslims” by making quotation marks with their fingers when they said the word peaceful.
The young woman responded calmly to the taunts of the panelists and the crowd. “As a peaceful American Muslim,” they told them, “I would like to think I'm not that irrelevant.”
Twitter: @Milbank
Read more from Dana Milbank's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook.
Santa Ana, California (CNN) The inmates are up before dawn, waiting in glass-and-steel holding cells and dressed in yellow-green jumpsuits and plastic slippers.
The jumpsuits are a signal that here inside the Orange County Jail, they're no longer county inmates but Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) detainees awaiting transfer. Known by deputies and ICE as the Supermax of the West, the jail houses felons with violent criminal records who are also undocumented immigrants.
The deputy on duty scans the prisoners and then counts the names on their list. About three dozen of them await the arrival of the ICE bus that will take them to federal prison, immigration court or somewhere else to be deported.
Four detainees are wearing street clothes and gripping plastic bags. The deputy explains that they're the ones heading out of the country.
The deputy works for the Orange County Sheriff's Department, but he's also an ICE compliance officer at the only jail in California that allows local deputies to be trained as immigration officers. Orange County deputies are trained by ICE under an agreement known as the 287(g) program, where the deputies serve as immigration enforcement in the jail.
But under a proposed California law , that partnership with ICE would end. And many law enforcement officials aren't happy about it.
Orange County Jail holding cells. Inmates await transfer to ICE custody in the early morning.
A controversial law
State Sen. President Kevin de León is author of the legislation, also known as the "sanctuary state" law. It's being debated by the state Assembly after the state Senate passed it in April.
De León said it would expand so-called "sanctuary city" policies -- enacted around the country to shelter immigrants from President Trump's crackdown on illegal immigration -- by prohibiting local law enforcement from acting as federal immigration officers.
"Here in California, we strongly defend family values because we don't believe a government should separate a mother from their child or any child should be separated from their father," they said.
De León believes undocumented immigrants will stop reporting crimes or cooperating with local police, affecting public safety.
The senator also points to ICE figures showing an increase in non-criminal arrests of undocumented immigrants -- which reflect a serious change in policing in the streets, they said.
While many California municipalities have declared themselves sanctuary cities, their law would set uniform guidelines, especially when it comes to policing, they said. It also would lease beds in county jails to ICE.
"What I don't want to do is increase crime," de León added. "You will increase crime if local police are acting as cogs of the Trump deportation machine."
Orange County Jail holding cells. Inmates await transfer to ICE custody in the early morning.
But many law enforcement officers disagree.
Orange County Sheriff Sandra Hutchens disputes de León's suggestion that their deputies are de facto ICE officers.
"My officers do not do any immigration enforcement on the street," said Hutchens, a vocal critic of the so-called Sanctuary State law. "We do not ask people where they're from or their status in this country."
Hutchens believes the law would endanger public safety by limiting cooperation between federal agencies and local law enforcement, especially in jails such as Orange County's.
The law, SB 54, does state that local law enforcement should inform ICE when the county jails undocumented immigrants convicted of a violent felony. But Sheriff Hutchens believes the law still builds a wall between their agency and ICE.
"They're not going to be the one called when someone gets killed by an individual who was undocumented (and) in custody for a serious offense, and I let go and did not notify ICE," said Hutchens. "The public's going to be angry at the sheriff and they should be if I had the ability to protect them and I did not."
'It's anti-Trump'
Some law enforcement officials contend de León's law would result in more criminals being released into neighborhoods, forcing ICE forced to execute warrants on the streets. They argue this would create more of a public safety hazard and lead to more arrests of non-violent undocumented immigrant arrests.
"There are a lot of bills in Sacramento right now that are tying our hands and keeping us from doing the jobs we're elected to do, which is to protect the citizens in our county," said Hutchens. "It's very political. It's anti-Trump."
In nearby Kern County, Sheriff Donny Youngblood echoes many of Sheriff Hutchens' concerns, calling the "sanctuary state" law "absurd."
Sheriff Youngblood, who says he's conservative and supports the Trump administration's harder line on illegal immigration, believes SB 54 gives "sanctuary to criminals."
Youngblood says that since Trump took office there's been stronger cooperation between ICE and their agency in the county jail.
"We've noticed a distinct difference with our federal partners in immigration in doing their jobs," they said. "I think we're removing serious criminals."
Orange County Jail holding cells. Inmates await transfer to ICE custody in the early morning.
Youngblood lamented working for a conservative county in a progressive state overwhelmingly run by Democrats in Sacramento.
"From my standpoint, it's just absolutely crazy to look at some of the bills coming out of there," they said.
But de León said of their proposed law, "I don't think it's crazy at all."
As a leader of the California senate, they said they seek to protect the values of their state and send a message to the Trump White House.
"Nowhere in my lifetime have I ever felt this real insecurity with the current President of the United States, who I believe is a very clear and present danger to our economic prosperity and to the fabric of who we are as a great nation," they said.
Meanwhile, back in Orange County, the white Department of Homeland Security bus arrives to pick up the detainees. One by one, the federal officers place them in handcuffs.
They board the bus, heading to immigration court, federal prison or another country.
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders won three of four state contests over the weekend. On the Republican side, Ted Cruz emerged as the leading challenger to Donald Trump in what is quickly becoming a two-man race. And the seventh Democratic debate, in Flint, Mich., highlighted the differences between the parties as much as the differences between the two contenders.
Democrats: Sanders Still Rising
Sanders took the caucuses in Nebraska, Kansas and Maine, while losing the Louisiana primary, as Clinton continued their sweep of the red states of the South. While the mainstream media – egged on by the Clinton campaign – edges towards calling the race over, Sanders keeps on rising. Their expanding army of small donors continues to fuel their campaign. And they can look forward to growing support – particularly in the contests after mid-March, as they introduce themselves to more and more voters.
For Clinton, the victory in Louisiana showed their “firewall” of African-American voters continues to hold. The two candidates ended dividing the delegates won over the weekend, showing the tough challenge Sanders faces. But Clinton's losses in the caucuses should raise concern. Unlike 2008, they are organized and intent on competing in the caucus states. But they clearly have trouble rousing the passions of the activist voters who tend to dominate caucuses.
Republicans: The Donald Is The Moderate
The Republican race is rapidly turning into a two-man faceoff between Donald Trump and Texas Senator Ted Cruz. Trump won the Louisiana primary and the Kentucky caucus over the weekend. Cruz won the caucuses in Kansas and Maine. Marco Rubio and Governor John Kasich trailed badly in all four. Rubio did pick up the Puerto Rican primary on Sunday.
Clearly, the much ballyhooed plan of the “Republican establishment” to rally around Marco Rubio has collapsed. Rubio's schoolyard taunts at Donald Trump haven't helped him. If Rubio doesn't win Florida on March 15 – and they trail badly in the most recent polls – they are gone. If Kasich doesn't win Ohio, the race may be virtually over.
Now Republicans must look on their works in horror. Trump – the xenophobic, racist, misogynistic blowhard – is the moderate in the race. Cruz, the most hated Republican in the Senate, is a right-wing zealot. They criticize Trump not for being extreme, but for being squishy – on abortion, on immigration, on judges, on government. Moderate Republicans may now try to rally around John Kasich, if they win Ohio. Good luck with that.
Their choice is winnowing down to the disruptor against the zealot. The politics of resentment and racial division have blown up in their faces.
The Democratic Contrast: We Do Substance
The most notable contrast during the seventh Democratic debate in Flint, Michigan was not between Clinton and Sanders, but between the Democrats and the Republicans. As Andrea Bernstein, editor at WNYC, tweeted: “Democratic debate so far: guns, schools, health care, trade, infrastructure, transportation, welfare, racism. GOP debate last week: hand size.”
The Democratic exchange was feistier than normal. Clinton is perfecting the technique of interrupting Sanders, hoping to set off a testy explosion. The campaign and the press tried to make much of Sanders telling them “Excuse me, I'm talking.” But after the Republican melee, this is pretty hard case to make. Sanders remains the courtliest of contenders.
The Clinton Disavowal and the Obama Embrace
The Democratic debate featured tough exchanges on trade, Wall Street, big money politics, the auto bailout, criminal justice and even the Export-Import Bank. Clinton, on the defensive, is a smart and effective counter-puncher, willing to throw a low blow now and then when cornered. But two themes stand out:
To compete in this cycle, Hillary Clinton has had to separate themselves from their husband's legacy: NAFTA, China and our disastrous corporate trade policies, mass incarceration and racially biased criminal justice policies, Wall Street deregulation and big money politics. They deride “debating the 1990s,” but has been forced to disavow the legacy and the impact of signature initiatives of the Clinton administration.
In their defense, Clinton continues to use Barack Obama as a shield. Them defense on taking Wall Street money: Obama did it. On opposing the break up of the big banks: Obama hasn't. On the auto bailout: Obama wanted it as part of the Bush bailout of the banks. On support for fracking: Obama says it works.
This is a clever tactic in Democratic primaries where Obama remains popular. And Clinton will no doubt distance themselves from Obama when the general election begins to paint themselves as an agent of change. But at a time when voters are looking for real change, Clinton continually makes themselves the candidate of continuity.
The Evolving Debate
The Flint debate offered not one question or word on foreign policy, other than the exchanges over trade and the Ex-Im Bank. Clinton has now adopted populist rhetoric and policies on multinational corporations moving jobs abroad, on CEO pay and abuses. This is both a testament to the effect of the Sanders campaign and smart politics.
Several exchanges demonstrated why Senate candidates have difficulty in presidential debates. Clinton skewers Sanders on votes by isolating specific measures within broader bills. Last night, they painted them as opposed to the auto bailout because they voted against Bush's bank bailout bill. In reality, Sanders favored the auto bailout but voted against bailing out the big banks that blew up the economy. They defend themselves on their support for their husband's harsh crime bill by saying that Sanders voted for it. But in reality, Sanders warned against the harsh sentencing and death penalty provisions, while the Clinton campaigned in favor of them. In reference the crime bill, Sanders sought to educate voters on this reality last night:
There are bills in Congress that have bad stuff, there are bills in Congress that have good stuff. Good stuff and bad stuff in the same bill. Now, if I have voted against that [crime] bill, Secretary Clinton would be here tonight and she'd say, “Bernie Sanders voted against the ban on assault weapons. Bernie Sanders voted against the violence against women act.” Those were provisions in the bill, as the Secretary just indicated. So, in that bill there were some good provisions, I have been a fierce fighter against domestic violence ever since I was mayor in Burlington. Violence Against Women Act has protected millions of women in this country, it was in that bill. The ban on assault weapons, that's what I have fought for my whole life. It was in that bill.
The exchange revealed the problem Senate candidates have, particularly against a sophisticated campaign operation like Clinton's. They are damned if they vote yes and damned if they don't. Clinton has used the tactic on the offense on the auto bailout and on the defense on the crime bill. They can get away with this because the press usually doesn't expose the gambit and voters don't know the context. Will it work against someone with such obvious integrity and commitment as Bernie Sanders? That remains to be seen.
The Swiss railway clock was designed in 1944 by Hans Hilfiker, a Swiss engineer and SBB employee, together with Moser-Baer, a clock manufacturer, for use by the Swiss Federal Railways as a station clock.[1] In 1953, Hilfiker added a red second hand in the shape of the baton used by train dispatch staff.[2]
Since then it has become a Swiss national icon,[3][4][5] included among examples of outstanding 20th-century design by both the Design Museum in London and the Museum of Modern Art in New York City, and its clockface design is licensed for use on certain Apple devices such as iPads and iPhones.[2] Apple was initially accused of using the clock design without permission.[6][7] Although the exact details of the licensing agreement are confidential,[8] it was reported that Apple ultimately paid Swiss national rail operator SBB about CHF 20M (about US$22.4M as of January 2014) to license the use of the clock design.[9] Apple later removed the design from its operating system with iOS 7.[10]
Technology [ edit ]
Swiss railway clock
The clock owes its technology to the particular requirements of operating a railway. First, railway timetables do not list seconds; trains in Switzerland always leave the station on the full minute. Secondly, all the clocks at a railway station have to run synchronously in order to show reliable time for both passengers and railway personnel anywhere on or around the station.[4]
The station clocks in Switzerland are synchronized by receiving an electrical impulse from a central master clock at each full minute, advancing the minute hand by one minute. The second hand is driven by an electrical motor independent of the master clock. It requires only about 58.5 seconds to circle the face, then the hand pauses briefly at the top of the clock. It starts a new rotation as soon as it receives the next minute impulse from the master clock.[4] This movement is emulated in some of the licensed timepieces made by Mondaine.
See also [ edit ]
I breastfeed my kids. I'm passionate about it. I'm righteous about it. But I'm not entirely honest about it.
I advertise that I do it for the heartfelt and health-related reasons we've all heard from other moms and pediatricians a bazillion times. But come on. If there weren't also some hardcore mama-centric reasons to let my kid nibble on my nips for a year, I'd never be able to endure the intense commitment. These are the reasons that see me through the worst breastfeeding days and get me to hang in there when I want to bail. They're pretty damn shallow, but whatever. They get the job done. Need some reasons to breastfeed, too?
1. Milk boobs are awesome. Have you seen milk boobs? The new-mom, my-milk-just-came-in(!!) boobs? They're glorious. They're porn star glorious except they're REAL. They'll make even the staunchest feminist reconsider their rabid stance on breast augmentation. These fabulous tits were a fabulous surprise after my first child, and a highly anticipated perk (for both my husband and me) after my second.
2. I don't have to work out. My baby weight lost itself because breastfeeding burns 500-800 calories A DAY. Even my best workout when I was in my twenties and maintaining a hot college body to bring the boys to the yard didn't burn 800 calories. How ridiculous would I be to opt out of something that burns a shitload of calories while I sit on my ass, snuggling my baby, in my thirties?
3. I don't feel remotely guilty about what I eat. I need to replace the calories nursing burns otherwise my milk production decreases dramatically. So heeeelllllloooo, Smashburger. Thank you for contributing to the cause of better infantile nutrition. And yes, I would like a salted-caramel shake with that. It's all in the name of milk production.
4. I can't forget my breasts when I leave the house. I've forgotten diapers, clothes, blankets, binkies, the stroller, the entire diaper bag after spending 20 minutes packing it, and even the friggen baby, but I've never forgotten milk. If you don't have kids, having one less thing to remember as you herd your family out the door may not seem significant. If you do have kids, you know how significant it is.
FBI investigators claim that verbal abuse from Hillary Clinton drove Vince Foster, a former White House aide to President Bill Clinton, to commit suicide in 1993.
“In interviews for my book The First Family Detail, the FBI agents revealed the truth about Foster's death on July 20, 1993 when they shot themselves at Fort Marcy Park along the Potomac River,” author Ronald Kessler wrote for the Daily Mail Thursday.
(You can buy Kessler's book, “The First Family Detail: Secret Service Agents Reveal The Hidden Lives Of The Presidents,” on Amazon)
Kessler states that former FBI agents Coy Copeland and Jim Clemente — while contributing to “independent counsel Kenneth W. Starr's probe of the Clintons' investments in the Whitewater real estate development” — discovered a private meeting then-First Lady Hillary held with White House aides, one week before Foster's suicide.
The meeting was held to discuss Hillary's proposed health care legislation and they began verbally abusing Foster when they disagreed with them
“Hillary put them down really, really bad in a pretty good-size meeting,” Agent Copeland told Kessler. “She told them they didn't get the picture, and they would always be a little hick town lawyer who was obviously not ready for the big time.”
Agent Clemente also told Kessler that Hillary went so far as blaming Foster “for failed nominations, claimed they had not vetted them properly, and said in front of their White House colleagues, ‘You're not protecting us' and ‘You have failed us'.” (RELATED: 17 Reasons Why Hillary Shouldn't Be Elected President)
Both agents stated Foster's friends and family confirmed they were suffering from depression leading up to their death but believe that meeting “was the final blow.”
“Foster was profoundly depressed, but Hillary lambasting them was the final straw because they publicly embarrassed them in front of others,” said Clemente.
Additionally, Kessler notes that the meeting Copeland and Clemente described was omitted from Starr's final, 38,000 word report.
Recently, presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump has launched attacks against Clinton's alleged roles in several scandals, including Foster's death. (RELATED: Trump Labels Death Of Former White House Aide Vince Foster ‘Very Fishy')
Back in May, Trump said they don't “know enough to really discuss” Foster's “very fishy” death.
Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook
dists ... contains meta information split up in releases, target platforms (architecture), etc.
... contains meta information split up in releases, target platforms (architecture), etc. pool ... contains the actual pool of software installation packages (.deb files)
set up the necessary directory structure put our (updated) .deb files into the pool tree run two commands using the apt-ftparchive tool to generate the repository meta data files (Release file, and Packages files for each architecture)
Code: (repository root) + dists | + stable (= suite) | + main (= section) | + binary-i386 (= architecture) + pool + main (= section) + m (= first letter of your software's name) + mysoftware (= umbrella name of your packages)
Code: APT::FTPArchive::Release { Version "1.0"; Origin "Peter Bittner Linux Hacking"; Label "Personal Debian Repository"; Suite "personal"; Codename "personal"; Architectures "i386"; Components "main"; Description "My personal repository for Debian/Lenny"; } APT::FTPArchive::Contents "no"; Default { Packages::Extensions ".deb"; Packages::Compress ". gzip bzip2"; Sources::Compress ". gzip bzip2"; MaxContentsChange 25000; }; Dir { ArchiveDir "/home/bittner/Development/debian/mirror"; }; Tree "dists/personal" { Sections "main"; Architectures "i386"; }; TreeDefault { Directory "pool/personal/main"; }; BinDirectory "pool/personal" { Packages "dists/personal/main/binary-i386/Packages"; };
Code: $ apt-ftparchive generate --contents=off personal-archive.conf $ apt-ftparchive -c personal-archive.conf release dists/personal > dists/personal/Release
If you write software for Linux and you write them for Debian systems (Debian, Ubuntu, and others ) you may want to provide your software asinstallation packages. And one day eventually you will want to set up a repository so others can download and install your software without fuzz.If you look at a Debian mirror (e.g. http://ftp.debian.org/debian/ ) you will find out one day that packages and meta information is split up into two main directories on the root level:We will do the same thing with our repository. I assume you already have your software packed infiles ( read this article to find out how to do this ).To build our repository we need toIf you have it simple your directory structure will look like this:For each software you will eventually add directories in, if you love hierarchical order. But those subdirectories are optional. If you provide packages for different architectures give them distict names (e.g., etc.) and put them into the same directory in thesubtree.For the last step we need to prepare a configuration file for apt-ftparchive , let's call itYou can use this configuration almost right away, the only unfortunate thing here is theoption (= your repository root): This must be an absolute path name. So, unless you're also calledchange it.Then run the following two commands to generate the metadata files of your repository:Now you have all your files in place in thesubtree as well (check forand thefiles, and see what is in there!). Running these commands will be necessary again each time you copy an updated version of anyfile into thetree of your repository.If you want others to access your repository over the web you can set up an Apache web server and place your personal repository in a Virtual Host in there. But that's another story... (a rather simple one)It's interesting to note thatwill not descend yoursubtree if you forget about thesection in the configuration file. Also, theshouldn't be necessary, but thedirective seems to be ignored.I believe these are bugs of the tool, correct me if I'm wrong...
Star Wars actor Daisy Ridley feared they would be "vilified" as a party girl following the publication of controversial pictures of their guzzling booze and smoking at a private bash.
The 23-year-old British actor shot to fame in 2014 when they were named in the cast of the new sci-fi blockbuster, Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens, but was left devastated when a series of old photographs began circling online.
The snaps, which were initially published on social media, show Daisy smoking and holding a shot glass at a party with friends, and covered in red bodypaint and lipstick. In one of the pictures, they are seen pretending to smooch a female pal, and another shows them with the phrase "I have been spellbound… by the Devil" painted on their body.
Daisy has now opened up about the embarrassing leak, revealing the snaps were taken when they were a teenager and they hope fans do not judge them on their youthful indiscretions.
"That was not nice. That was really not nice," they tell Britain's Style magazine. "When I signed up for the film, I didn't sign up for people taking pictures of me when I don't want them to and searching through my history to find things that make me look like an awful person. I was a teenager and now I'm a twentysomething. I will go out and have a drink and a dance, and I shouldn't be vilified for doing those things."
Daisy recently revealed how they found out they had landed the life-changing role in the Star Wars sequel, explaining that director J.J. Abrams called them on the phone while they were supposed to be watching a play in London's West End.
"I remember I could hear the play going on inside," they told Britain's Daily Mail newspaper. "Obviously, something monumental had happened in my life, but no one else knew. It was weird. I saw the rest of the play and then went home on the Tube (subway)."
The new film, which is released this week, reunites original castmembers Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher and Mark Hamill.
There's a common saying within law enforcement agencies: “If you lie, you die.” That means that most police officers convicted of lying are fired, and the ones that aren't often become a burden for district attorneys, because whenever they testify in court prosecutors are obligated to disclose their past dishonesty. However, Governor Jerry Brown is currently reviewing a bill that would make it much harder for police departments to discipline police officers who are known to be untrustworthy.
As the Express reported this week, the 1963 US Supreme Court decision Brady v. Maryland requires prosecutors to hand over any evidence that casts doubt on a defendant's guilt, including information that challenges the trustworthiness of a testifying witness or police officer. To avoid being blindsided by an unreliable witness, some DA's keep something called a “Brady list,” which tracks all the cops who are known to be untrustworthy.
But earlier this year, both houses of the state legislature overwhelmingly approved SB 313, which would prohibit California police agencies from punishing cops who are placed on a Brady list. It would also would prohibit police agencies from denying promotions to officers because their name is on a Brady list, and it would prohibit local government officials from considering an officer's Brady status during disciplinary proceedings.
Kevin De León
The bill was sponsored by Los Angeles Democratic Senator Kevin De León, who received $2.6 million in campaign contributions from police and firefighters unions between 2011 and 2012.
While the bill would make it more difficult for prosecutors to win cases, it has still received overwhelming support from both state politicians and law enforcement groups. The main argument in favor of SB 313 is that the standards for placing officers on Brady lists varies from county to county. “Quite bluntly, an officer can lose their job over a mere accusation of misconduct, nothing proven,” said Ron Cottingham, president of the Peace Officers Research Association of California (PORAC), one of the bills the biggest supporters. “We don't want to get rid of Brady, we just think that some of the ways it's handled are inherently unfair and specious.”
And in yet another sign of the political influence that law enforcement groups have in California, only a handful of state politicians opposed SB 313 — it easily passed the state Assembly on August 19 in a 72-3 vote, and passed the state Senate on a vote of 32-2 in May. San Francisco Democratic Assemblyman Tom Ammiano was one of the few dissenters. “We should not be tying the hands of local governments when it comes to punishing or getting rid of police with disciplinary records,” they said in an email to me. “Police on the Brady list are there for a reason, and local officials should be able to take that into consideration.”
Many criminal justice experts and defense attorneys also oppose the SB 313. A recent editorial published in the San Jose Mercury News summed up their concerns well. “Making sure officers don't unfairly end up on Brady lists would be good government,” the editorial stated. “Making it harder for public agencies to deal with rogue cops is not.”
During the TGS 2016 Gundam Games 15th Anniversary panel, Gundam Versus producer Ryuichiro Baba announced the upcoming PS4 title will be getting a closed alpha test soon. They will be releasing more information about how to participate in the near future through their official twitter page. What we do know is that it will be a local-only affair, so we're going to have to wait a bit longer to get our online battling on. Whether or not the alpha is limited to just JP PSN accounts is another unknown as well.
Baba also mentioned that he's looking to differentiate the console experience from what we know from previous arcade-derived titles, on top of wanting a worldwide audience to get into the 2v2 gameplay the Gundam VS series is known for. As to how the difference will be between the arcade and console experiences is still yet to be determined. Considering their last forays in bringing 2v2 gameplay to the West (Rise of Incarnates, Gundam Extreme VS Force) haven't exactly garnered the greatest of praise from the hardcore Gundam VS fans, it will be interesting to see what they consider.
Needless to say, we won't be seeing this game released until after the 1st half of 2017. During the panel, Amuro Ray VA Tohru Furuya tried their best to get a solid release date from Baba, but was met with a possible Autumn release for next year. This also coincides with a recent Famitsu Magazine article that mentions the game is only 30% complete and the game is using a brand-new engine dubbed the “Nu Library.” This engine is being worked on by Julien Merceron, the former worldwide technology director and architect of the Fox Engine at Konami. At the very least, this game is going to look amazing.
As always, we'all keep you up to date on the closed alpha and other information on the game as it drops!
NOUAKCHOTT (Reuters) - Muslim clerics in Mauritania on Sunday urged the authorities to execute a blogger who was sentenced to death in 2014 for apostasy after writing a blog post on Islam and racial discrimination.
Mohamed Ould Cheikh Ould Mkhaitir's article touched a nerve in Mauritania, a West African country with deep social and racial divisions. They were tried for apostasy and received the death penalty despite having repented and saying their article was misunderstood.
According to the U.S.-based Freedom Now rights group who provide Mkhaitir with legal counsel, the blog post appears to have been the first they published. Prior to their arrest they worked as an engineer for a mining company and was not an activist, Freedom Now said on its website.
Mauritania has not applied a death penalty since 1987 but on Sunday, the influential Forum of Imams and Ulemas on issued a fatwa, or Islamic decree, calling for Mkhaitir to be killed.
It condemned “Mkhaitir and their heresy, recalling that the legal penalty in their case is death, with no exception made for their repentance,” according to a statement.
“We demand that the competent authorities apply the law: kill them and bury them in conformity with the law of God.”
Right groups like Amnesty International and Reporters without Borders have campaigned for Mkhaitir's pardon and release.
The authoritarian left is determined to silence speech that they claim is offensive or hateful. They essentially want to establish laws that prohibit “hate speech.” Fortunately, any time they try, the Supreme Court, using the First Amendment, stops them from succeeding.
For example, a band recently decided to trademark their name. Unfortunately, when they applied, they were told the name was considered racist “hate speech,” and because of this, their application was denied. Filled with righteous indignation, the band filed a lawsuit. When the Supreme Court heard the band's case, they unanimously ruled that “hate speech” can, in fact, be trademarked.
Specifically, in an 8-0 decision, the Supreme Court reaffirmed that “hate speech” is protected by the First Amendment earlier this week. The case they decided, Matal v. Tam, involved an Asian-American Band named “The Slants.'” Their frontman, Simon Tam, filed a lawsuit against Joseph Matal, the Interim Director of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) after they prevented the band from trademarking their name.
Tam claimed that they were simply trying to “take back” the word “slants,” which has been traditionally used as a racial slur. “We grew up and the notion of having slanted eyes was always considered a negative thing,” explained Tam. “Kids would pull their eyes back in a slant-eyed gesture to make fun of us….I wanted to change it to something that was powerful, something that was considered beautiful or a point of pride instead,” they continued.
The PTO, on the other hand, claimed that the name was a form of “hate speech.” To justify the denial, they cited the Lanham Act, which prohibited any trademarks that could “disparage…or bring…into contemp[t] or disrepute…[any] persons, living or dead.”
Ultimately, the Court decided with Tam and the First Amendment. In their decision, Justice Samuel Alito pointed out that the “disparagement clause” has unintended consequences. “The clause reaches any trademark that disparages any person, group, or institution,” they noted, adding, “it applies to trademarks like the following: ‘Down with racists,' ‘Down with sexists,' ‘Down with homophobes.' It is not an anti-discrimination clause; it is a happy-talk clause. In this way, it goes much further than is necessary to serve the interest asserted.” Alito also suggested that protecting any person, living or dead, was unreasonable. “Is it conceivable that commerce would be disrupted by a trademark saying: ‘James Buchanan was a disastrous president' or ‘Slavery is an evil institution?'” they asked rhetorically.
However, Alito made it clear that even if the policy was more narrowly written, it would still be unconstitutional. “[The idea that the government may restrict] speech expressing ideas that offend…strikes at the heart of the First Amendment ” stated Alito. “Speech that demeans on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, religion, age, disability, or any other similar ground is hateful; but the proudest boast of our free speech jurisprudence is that we protect the freedom to express ‘the thought that we hate,'” they added.
Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote a separate, concurring opinion. “A law that can be directed against speech found offensive to some portion of the public can be turned against minority and dissenting views to the detriment of all,” they argued, adding, “the First Amendment does not entrust that power to the government's benevolence. Instead, our reliance must be on the substantial safeguards of free and open discussion in a democratic society.”
Lee Rowland, an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union, praised the court's decision. “The government's misguided effort to protect minorities from disparagement instead hurt members of that very community by hindering their right to compete in the marketplace of ideas,” noted Rowland. “Fortunately, today's opinion prevents the kind of absurd outcome that results when the government plays speech police,” they continued.
The court's unanimous decision sends a powerful message to the rest of the country. It shows that while the court may be divided on countless other issues when it comes to free speech, they are united.
Editor's note: Today, we are pleased to present an article by Dr. John Yiannias, Professor Emeritus of Art History at the University of Virginia. Dr. Yiannias holds a Ph.D. in Early Christian and Byzantine Art from the University of Pittsburgh, and is a leading expert on Orthodox iconography. At the 2008 conference of the Orthodox Theological Society of America, Dr. Yiannias gave a lecture on iconography, and at the end of their talk, they offered the following addendum. They have kindly granted permission for us to publish it here at OrthodoxHistory.org. While, on the face of it, the subject may appear only tangentially relevant to American Orthodox history, it is actually rather relevant, in that the term “icon writing” is peculiar to American (or, at least, English-speaking) Orthodoxy, and may very likely have originated here in North America.
[Author's disclaimer: I can't claim for sure that the argument I give below is original. A few years ago I saw reference to an article that seemed intended to make the same point that I'm making, but I lost the reference and never actually saw the article. I'd appreciate learning of its contents and place of publication from anyone who may have read it.]
We've all heard, and many of us have used, the currently popular phrase “icon writing.” Whoever invented this expression must have noticed that in the Greek word eikonographia and its Slavonic translation ikonopisanie the suffixes (graphí and pisánie) very often mean “writing.” Our inventor thereupon thought it a good idea to speak of “icon writing,” probably imagining that the sheer oddness of the phrase would attract more attention than the prosaic “icon painting”and also convey a greater sense of the sacredness of the act of producing an icon. Ever since, this tortured translation has stuck to the lips of just about every English-speaking Orthodox Christian who talks about icons.
However, the suffixes graphí and pisánie both mean depiction, and writing. The first–more to the point here than the Slavonic term, which was formed on the basis of the Greek–is related to the verb gráphein/grápho and means any representational delineation — such as when you write the letters of an alphabet, but also when you sketch, say, a portrait. The precise translation depends on the circumstances. For example, “geography” does not mean “earth writing,” but earth description, whether verbal or pictorial. “Scenography,” from the word skiní, meaning a shelter, by implication a tent, and by further implication one of canvas, means the painting or other illustration of a backdrop, on canvas or similar material, for a theatrical production (whence our words “scene”and “scenic”); it does not mean “scene writing.” Whether the delineation referred to is verbal or pictorial, graphí implies circumscription, as when the Church says that God the Father is aperigraptos. That does not mean, obviously, that God the Father is “unwritable.” It means  They are uncircumscribable, unbounded, undepictable, incomprehensible, unsusceptible to containment within the boundaries that we must impose on anything before we can comprehend or speak of it.
The habit of describing icons as “written” should therefore be dropped. Not only does the expression do violence to English and sound just plain silly, but it can introduce notions without basis in the Greek texts — such as, that an icon is essentially a representation of words, as opposed to a representation of things that words represent.
The theologically important fact that icons, which are pictorial, and Scripture, which is verbal, are nearly equivalent can be conveyed in other ways than by torturing English. It's worth noting that in the Acts of the Seventh Ecumenical Council, the Greek word used for an icon painter is simply zográphos (in Slavonic, zhivopísets), meaning simply a depicter of life, or of forms taken from life: that the subjects depicted were religious was more or less assumed. It seems that when secular artists eventually gained higher social status than before, and zográphos could apply to them as well as to the makers of sacred representations, the term was superseded in Greek by the more specific agiográphos, or eikonográphos (in Slavonic, ikonopísets).
An icon is painted, pure and simple, or produced by some other technique, if made of enamel or ivory or whatever else. But it is not written, and never in the Church's history until our day, no matter what the language used, has the Church said or implied that an icon is written. Let's hope it isn't too late to expunge the expression.
[This article was written by Dr. John Yiannias. Originally delivered as an addendum to a talk given at the Orthodox Theological Society in America meeting in Chicago, IL, June 13, 2008.]
6th Annual Marietta Zombie Walk Cancelled
A note from the event organizer
Hello ghouls.
Wanted to make sure everyone is in the loop as much as possible. I know I've been getting tons of emails on the subject. I've let the city know that I'm not planning on putting on the Marietta Zombie Walk this year. I've been searching for some folks that may be interested in taking up the cause but those haven't panned out so far. It's been a great 5 years but as a one-man show I just couldn't find enough time this year to make it happen. For now this is just a 2016 thing and things may change for 2017. Some other cities have also been asking to have such events. Ya never know. Planning this event and finding sponsors has become a massive undertaking so looking at 2016 as a regrouping year. Please keep giving to MUST Ministries as much as you can. Keep an eye peeled over at Carnival of Doom for what's next. Will have some things brewing over at The Burnt Hickory Brewery in October as usual as well as some possible one-off weird things. The dead will walk again soon.
From the 2015 event:
We had hoped all was well…apparently, we were dead wrong. The undead of Marietta, Georgia are coming back again to help our community of the living on October 17, 2015 and for the fifth year the zombies will bring donations to support MUST Ministries. In 2011 they started with over 200 undead and the horde has continued to grow to last year close to 900 strong filling 40 barrels of food and donating almost $3000 to help the living in need over the last 4 years. YEAR FIVE? It's looking to be the biggest yet…
All proceeds and collected food from the Marietta Zombie Walk goes directly to MUST Ministries in their mission to help local humans in need.
What's a Zombie Walk? A Zombie Walk is an organized (as organized as zombies can be) public gathering of people dressed in zombie costumes (we hope these are only costumes). The walks take place in an urban center as the participants make their way around city streets and through public spaces in an orderly fashion. In Marietta, the undead will again roam the streets around Marietta Square in a not-so-brisk 0.8 mile stumble. This is an undead family event.
There's a little undead in all of us, so bring out your best zombie look and food donations (human cash & credit card donations work) and join the local undead in Marietta Square. Victims Spectators are welcome to come play with us while helping the local food pantry (zombies do not need food for humans, right?) The Infestation (Gathering) starts at 5 pm in Glover Park. The Feeding (Walk) starts promptly at 6 pm. Makeup artists will be on hand during the festival to help bring out the undead for a monetary donation or arrive already in character using your own creativity.
http://MariettaZombieWalk.org
http://Facebook.com/MariettaZombieWalk
twitter @MariettaZombies (#MariettaZombieWalk)
Date:
Cancelled for 2016
October 17, 2015 from 5 pm to 8 pm
The Infestation (Gathering) starts at 5 pm in Glover Park. The Feeding (Walk) starts promptly at 6 pm.
Admission:
0; bring food for the living
Address:
50 N Park Sq NE
Glover Park / Marietta Square
Marietta, GA
For more information, please visit MariettaZombieWalk.org
ABOUT MUST MINISTRIES
Since 1971, the non-profit organization MUST Ministries has been dedicated to “Serving Our Neighbors In Need” by providing a “Hand Up” during tough times. MUST serve more than 32,000 people in Cobb and Cherokee Counties last year through a variety of programs including sheltering and feeding, education and employment services, food and clothing pantries, Summer Lunch, Toy Shop and more. Approximately half of the people served by MUST are children. For more information on MUST Ministries and how you can help, visit www.mustministries.org
For more information, please visit MariettaZombieWalk.org
Italy's wealthy North has vowed to refuse to accommodate any more migrants as thousands more were rescued in the Mediterranean by a multinational flotilla of ships.
As another frantic weekend of rescues unfolded, at least 4000 people were plucked to safety from packed fishing boats and rubber dinghies off Libya.
Mass drownings in the Mediterranean have claimed nearly 1800 lives so far this year.
All of those rescued will be deposited at ports on Sicily or elsewhere in southern Italy in the coming days, lifting this year's total of new arrivals on Italian soil to more than 50,000.
The latest batch sent the migration crisis back to the top of the political agenda, with three big northern regions vowing to defy the centre-left government of Prime Minister Matteo Renzi by refusing to house any of the new arrivals.
Lombardy president Roberto Maroni said they would be writing to local mayors and prefects in their region on Monday to warn them not to accept any more "illegal immigrants" allocated by the government.
Municipalities that did not tow the line would have their funding from the region cut, they said.
Giovanni Toti, the newly-elected president of Liguria, backed that stance.
"We will not receive any more migrants," they said.
Luca Zaia, the right-wing president of Veneto, said the region that includes Venice was "like a bomb ready to go off. The social tensions are absolutely crazy".
British navy ship HMS Bulwark rescued more than 1000 migrants on Sunday from boats in waters between Italy and Libya. At least 10 pregnant women were saved.
The UN's refugee agency said up to 1500 people were adrift on 10 dinghies, but there was no confirmation of those figures from Italy's coastguard.
On Saturday, nearly 3500 migrants were rescued from 15 packed boats in waters off the Libyan coast.
The latest operations will lift the number of arrivals in Italy since the turn of the year to more than 50,000.
© AFP 2019
JEZOWE, a five-hour bus ride from Warsaw, is officially designated an agricultural village. But it is one where the agriculture now tends to take place elsewhere. Jezowe's fields lie mostly fallow; its workers now seek higher-paid jobs in wealthier European Union countries, harvesting grapes in France and cabbages in Germany. Among the village's weathered wooden houses stand gaudy villas, paid for with euros earned abroad. “Disneyland,” says one resident, pointing to the turrets and gilded fences. The town's public buildings, too, have been spruced up, mainly with injections of EU cash. A grant of 525,000 zloties ($140,000) paid for the renovation of the old parsonage, which now houses a museum devoted to carved figurines of Christ.
In short, Jezowe has done well by the EU. Yet the village has long backed the right-wing Law and Justice party (PiS), a mildly Eurosceptic and socially conservative party that has been in opposition since 2007. The PiS candidate for president, Andrzej Duda, took a startling 92% of the vote here in an election in May; nationwide, they won with a more modest 52%.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The rest of Poland is moving in Jezowe's direction. With a parliamentary election due on October 25th, one poll puts PiS support at 36%, far ahead of the 22% for the ruling centrist Civic Platform (PO) party. Ewa Kopacz, who succeeded Donald Tusk as prime minister and PO party leader when they became president of the European Council last year, has failed to give their party a new sense of momentum.
Poland's economy has grown by a third since 2007, when PO came to power. But the country's rural, conservative east feels neglected. Easterners have the sense that the government is punishing them for voting for the opposition, says Gabriela Maslowska, a PiS member of parliament. What do they lack? “Everything,” says a trade-union activist in the eastern city of Lublin. “This is the backwater of Europe. If it could, Warsaw would fill it with forest.” Only PiS cares, they say.
Unemployment is higher in the east; in the area around Jezowe it stood at 20% in August, double the national average. But much of the resentment is cultural, not economic. The government, says Ms Maslowska, promotes “pseudo-equality” and “gender ideology”—euphemisms Polish conservatives use to describe feminism and gay rights. In the south-east, patriotism and religion have always been inter-twined, says Marek Stepak, the PiS mayor of Jezowe. On the wall behind their desk hangs a trinity of symbols: the village's coat of arms, the Polish eagle and a crucifix.
PO's only hope of staying in power hinges on a motley anti-PiS coalition of agrarians, social democrats and liberals—smaller parties which might not win enough votes to enter parliament. PiS, by contrast, is intent on winning enough seats to govern alone. Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the party's veteran leader, urges voters to opt for rule by a single party (his) over a multiparty government mired in “chaos and perpetual war”.
Popular exhaustion with eight years of PO rule helps the right. In 2014 tapes secretly recorded by a conspiracy of waiters at posh Warsaw restaurants revealed senior PO politicians making embarrassingly candid remarks. (The former foreign minister, Radek Sikorski, disparaged David Cameron's EU renegotiation stance as “stupid propaganda”; a central bank governor discussed altering monetary policy to help PO.) The tapes cemented an image of PO as self-satisfied and elitist.
That has helped neutralise the memory of PiS's chaotic stint in power in 2005-07, when Mr Kaczynski picked needless fights with Germany and embraced the less realistic variety of anti-Russian conspiracy theories. PiS has courted young urban voters with an upbeat social-media campaign run by a zealous team of activists in their 20s. In rural areas, PiS has challenged the agrarian Polish People's Party, PO's junior coalition partner, for farmers' votes. It has made lavish promises of spending on social benefits: a monthly 500-zloty-per-child subsidy, and jobs programmes for depressed regions. “We have something for everyone,” says Stanislaw Karczewski, head of PiS's campaign.
The divisive Mr Kaczynski wisely spent the summer behind the scenes, naming their deputy, Beata Szydlo, as the party's candidate for prime minister. But they attract fervent loyalty from supporters who say the mainstream media is biased against him. (“You should watch TV Trwam,” suggests a pensioner in Lublin, referring to an ultraconservative television channel run by a Catholic priest with links to PiS.) And as the country erupted in debate over the EU's plans to resettle tens of thousands of asylum applicants, Mr Kaczynski resurfaced with characteristic frenzy. The migrants carry “various types of parasites” which “could be dangerous here,” they said last week.
Jezowe, like other communities in the area, has refused to take in migrants. Mr Stepak says the village lacks suitable housing. They fret about the “Islamisation” of Europe, and is unconvinced by offers of EU subsidies to accommodate refugees. Rather than taking in Middle Eastern asylum-seekers, PiS wants to “repatriate” people with Polish roots from the former Soviet Union. Jezowe already has one family of ethnic Poles from Kazakhstan.
As Poles prepare to vote, centrists and liberals have been issuing somewhat exaggerated predictions of doom. Ms Kopacz's 31-year-old daughter, a gynaecologist, says they may emigrate if PiS wins. In Jezowe, many people have left already—to earn more money elsewhere in Europe. They will continue to do so, even if their favoured party wins. They are glad of the freedom of movement the EU affords them. But accepting that this freedom of movement means they might have to take in some of the refugees who reach Europe's shores appears to be a step too far.
A body was found in a conference room at Apple's headquarters in Cupertino this morning, according to several news reports.
The Santa Clara County Sheriff's Department is currently investigating the incident. A public information officer for the department did not return a request for comment. Dispatchers received an emergency call at 8:35 a.m., according to a San Jose Mercury News report, and found a man dead.
The Santa Clara County Fire Department confirmed to TechCrunch that it received a report of a Hispanic male who had suffered a head wound, but the fire department was dismissed by sheriff's deputies and never went onto the Apple campus.
The Santa Clara County Sheriff's Department told a Mercury News reporter that the man is an Apple employee:
Apple update: @SCCoSheriff reports man found deceased was an Apple employee. Described death as "isolated incident." — Mark Gomez (@MarkMgomez) April 27, 2016
Dispatch audio obtained by TMZ suggests that a female employee was injured and escorted from a building on the Apple campus by the company's own security — but the Sheriff's Department did not confirm that anyone had been injured except the man who was found dead. The audio also indicates that a body was found in a conference room and a gun may have been found along with it. The recording has not been confirmed by the Sheriff's Department and may contain inaccuracies.
A Sheriff's Department spokesperson declined to discuss the audio with the Mercury News. “I can't confirm any information regarding a manner or cause of death, or any weapons,” the spokesperson said.
“We are heartbroken by the tragic loss of a young and talented coworker,” an Apple spokesperson told TechCrunch. “Our thoughts and deepest sympathies go out to their family and friends, including the many people they worked with here at Apple. We are working to support them however we can in this difficult time.”
A man had part of their ear bitten off and more than 50 arrests were made this weekend in Co Donegal during this year's Donegal International Rally.
The arrests, which took place on Friday and Saturday nights, are double the amount compared to the same period last year.
The majority of the arrests were for public order offences and dangerous driving. One driver was arrested for endangerment when they allegedly put other drivers and pedestrians at risk.
The young man who had part of their ear bitten off was taken to Letterkenny University Hospital following a huge melee in Carrigart. Gardaí do not believe the attack was carried out by those connected to the rally.
A number of people including the bite victim needed treatment for their injuries.
The injured man was able to give gardaí­ a statement in Letterkenny on Satuirday afternoon.
Experienced gardaí­ said they were shocked to discover that some of those arrested for dangerous driving are middle-aged men.
The majority of those arrested will be dealt with at a special sitting of Letterkenny court on July 4th.
Garda Inspector Michael Harrison, head of the Donegal Traffic Corps, stressed that the vast majority of rally fans were well-behaved.
The arrests were made following a security operation which included the use of the Garda helicopter.
Thousands of rally fans flowed into Donegal for the event which brings hundreds of thousands of euros to the area.
Bed and breakfasts and hotels were booked out for months while local Letterkenny GAA Club, St Eunan's, turned their grounds into a campsite for visitors.
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- A Staten Island detective who already faces administrative charges for allegedly slamming a Graniteville man's head into the roof of a car is now being sued by a local Junior Olympic boxing champion over a separate incident of alleged misconduct, the Advance has learned.
In a lawsuit filed last month in state Supreme Court, St. George, Matthew Itkin, 18, claims that narcotics Det. Mark Scarlatelli falsely arrested them and a friend last summer and subjected the teens to a nearly four-hour "rough ride" in the back of a police van.
It's just one of at least six civil actions filed against Scarlatelli over the past several years. And the city has reportedly paid out about $160,000 to settle the cases.
Itkin, then 17 and a month removed from graduating from Susan Wagner High School, had just picked up a friend from PS 54 in Willowbrook around 7 p.m. when an unmarked cop car pulled up behind them and activated its siren, their complaint alleges.
The Meiers Corners teen stopped their car and two plainclothes officers approached. One asked if the teens had any drugs, to which Itkin says they replied in the negative.
TOLD TO GET OUT
The officer then reached their hand inside the car, opened the door and told the boys to get out of the car, Itkin says.
The teens were thrown on the hood of the car and searched by two officers, they allege. Police found nothing on Itkin, but recovered an electronic cigarette from their friend's pocket.
Initially, the female officer who found the e-cigarette told them partner, "he has nothing on him, also," according to Itkin's complaint. But the male officer overruled her, the complaint says.
The male officer again searched Itkin's friend, who is not part of the lawsuit and spoke to the Advance on the condition of anonymity, and proclaimed that the e-cigarette contained the potent marijuana drug, "Wax," according to Itkin.
ARRESTED AND CUFFED
Scarlatelli, who was not involved in the initial stop and search, pulled up soon after in a police van. They hopped out, told the boys they were under arrest for "smoking drugs," handcuffed them and placed them in the back of the van, the complaint states.
That's when things got scary, says Itkin, who called the ride to the precinct "the absolute worst experience I've ever been through in my life."
Despite being told they would be taken to the stationhouse, Scarlatelli took the boys on a "rough ride" for more than three hours, according to Itkin's complaint.
The detective allegedly drove erratically, speeding around corners and repeatedly accelerating and then abruptly jamming on the breaks, so that the handcuffed teens, who were unsecured on a wood bench in the rear of the van, flew back and forth, banging off the vehicle's metal walls, Itkin says.
The son of a retired city deputy sheriff and, at the time, an aspiring police officer, Itkin initially assured their scared friend that everything would be OK. The precinct was only a 10-minute drive away.
SAYS They BEGAN TO PANIC
But after about 40 minutes of slamming against walls while the officers laughed, their handcuffs cinching tighter and tighter around their wrists with each crash, they began to panic, too, they say.
"An hour passes by, two hours passes by, two-and-a-half, three hours passes by. Now I'm the nutcase," Itkin says. "I'm starting to not be able to breathe. I'm sweating. I got these handcuffs on my hands so tight, my hands are getting swollen. There's no circulation in my hands."
Itkin says they began to believe they had been kidnapped. After all, they hadn't actually seen the officers' badges when they pulled them over.
Stuffed in the dark, windowless prisoner transport portion of the van, the friends said they weren't even certain they were still on Staten Island until a third teen joined them in the back of the van about three hours later.
ARRIVED AT PRECINCT
It was after 10 p.m. when the pair finally arrived at the 121st Precinct, where they were fingerprinted, issued a desk appearance ticket and locked in a holding cell until their parents picked them up some time after midnight, Itkin says.
When Matthew's father, Steven, arrived at the precinct, they sought out the arresting officer, Scarlatelli, to discuss the charges, they say.
Scarlatelli told them he'd witnessed Matthew getting high with the e-cigarette, according to a report Steven Itkin gave to the Civilian Complaint Review Board, which investigates allegations of police misconduct.
Steven Itkin says they didn't believe it. He's very close with their son, a decorated amateur boxer, and couldn't imagine Matthew would jeopardize their future in and out of the ring.
But they had to be sure. They took Matthew straight from the precinct to the hospital for a complete drug screening, they said. The following day they brought Matthew to a different clinic and ordered a second supervised drug test. Both came back negative, according to medical records provided by the Itkins.
CHARGES ARE DISMISSED
A few weeks later, the charges against both boys were dismissed when the district attorney declined to prosecute the case, records show.
"He completely lied by saying they [saw] my son getting high," Steven Itkin wrote of Scarlatelli in their CCRB statement. "I am shocked and saddened that this one officer went above the call of duty to ruin a 17-year-old boy's life."
The elder Itkin says they hope by filing suit against the detective and coming public with their son's ordeal, it will encourage others who may have been wronged by Scarlatelli to come forward.
Matthew Itkin, an 18-year-old Junior Olympic boxing champion, shows the marks around their wrists from the handcuffs they were placed in during what they allege was a false arrest last summer. (Courtesy of Matthew Itkin)
The 18-year-old, who is training for the Golden Gloves while enrolled at Lincoln Technical Institute in New Jersey, said they still have nightmares about their arrest, has developed a fear of enclosed spaces and no longer wants to follow after their father and become a police officer.
The NYPD declined comment on Itkin's allegations, citing pending litigation.
James Moschella, the lawyer who represented Scarlatelli during their CCRB hearing earlier this month, did not return calls for comment.
At the detective's administrative trial, Moschella said Scarlatelli was an exemplary officer with a spotless disciplinary record.
Make Money Taking Surveys - Paid Survey Scam - Is Survey Hawk Scam? Can you make money taking surveys? Are online surveys a scam or a legit work from home Opportunity? Making money taking surveys should be one of the most simple and quick ways to earn some hard cash. People all around the world have realized the ease and efficiency with which Internet paid surveys can supplement their income, and are happily adding to their incomes. At Scam Review we investigated the legit online paid surveys from the online survey scams. The majority of the programs we found were mostly about useless data, with no paid survey involved! So, how exactly do legit paid surveys work? Well, hundreds of thousands of global companies require real data from real people. They use this voluminous amount of data to analyze peoples tastes and preferences, and this helps them in developing their marketing methodologies and sales pitches. So these companies pay  and pay well  in return for giving them little information about you! How Can I Make Money Taking Surveys Online? Simple. Sign up for different online survey programs. The companies will contact you when they have an on-going survey. You spend a few minutes filling out their form (and trust us, its a lot of fun!); and they pay you for your services. How easy is that?! Is it any wonder then that people are rushing to sign up for these programs? Anything else I should know about making money online by taking surveys? Well, it'll certainly help if you're over 18 years of age, as most web surveys are made for adults. Also, make money taking surveys online pay enough to act as a supplement to your bank-balance, and very rarely can they generate enough money to act as the primary source of income. It's more like instant coffee, than a whole meal... And having said that, paid surveys are certainly quick money  and good money  for doing almost nothing at all! If you are ready to get started, we've found some very good and some not so good paid survey sites and even some deceiving paid online surveys scam sites too. Check out our paid surveys programs reviews below.
#1 Surveys Paid - Our Favorite Paid Survey Program Surveys Paid Review: Can you really make money taking surveys online with Surveys Paid? Surveys Paid is the most popular online survey service on the planet to make money taking surveys. They have more staff adding more surveys than any other site. We put this program to the test and this is what ScamReview found out: Pros of making money taking surveys online with Surveys Paid Number One The #1 internet survey program to make money taking surveys is Surveys Paid. And they are at the top for a good reason. They have the goods; and they deliver. This program is well-respected and one hundred percent legit. Instant Money Surveys Paid has an extremely fast and efficient turn-around rate. And you'll be counting the dollars in no time at all... Anything We Didn't Like? There really is nothing, but if you insist on nit-picking, well, their advertising and hype-generation might be a tad over the top for some people's taste... My Final Verdict If you're looking to make some quick cash, and have fun while you're at it, then Surveys Paid is definitely the way to go. Our favorite make money online by taking surveys. Click Here To Visit Surveys Paid #2 Survey Scout - Huge Database To Make Money Taking Surveys My Survey Scout Review Survey Scout is one of the more popular online survey programs. A lot of people wonder if Survey Scout is a scam or if it is a legitimate money making opportunity. We have tried Survey Scout and here's what ScamReview found out... What We Liked About Survey Scout Excellent Survey Selection Without question, the most important feature of a good survey program is the quality of the surveys available for its users to take. If you aren't taking surveys, you aren't earning money! Survey Scout has a dedicated staff that is constantly updating the database with quality surveys, so there's always something new for you. Honest What impressed us most about Survey Scout was the honesty and sincerity of the program. Unlike most programs, Survey Scout doesn't claim that you'll become a millionaire, or offer you the moon. The program is practical, precise and perfectly credible. Industry High Payouts Yes, Survey Scout won't make your income double overnight, but it certainly has impressive returns. In fact, what Survey Scout offers you for filling their forms, is one of the best rates in the online survey industry! Satisfied Customers Survey Scout has been in business since 2003 and with an extremely high customer satisfaction rate, it truly stands out amongs the hundreds of online survey programs. A clean track-record and overall good reputation, makes Survey Scout an extremely trust-worthy program. Anything We Didn't Like? There's not much negative to say here. Survey Scout is, in our humble opinion, your best best at making some real money from home taking surveys. Everything a good survey site should be and more! Final Verdict There may be hype around Survey Scout, but the program lives up expectations, and you'll be making some real money within minutes of signing up! I've received over a few hundred dollars myself for about a week's worth of work. I didn't stick with it because of other things on the go, but there's huge potential. Visit Survey Scout #3 Maximum Paid Surveys - Pretty Darn Good
My Maximum Paid Surveys Review: Maximum Paid Surveys is the new kid on the online-survey-program block. ScamReview decided to check it out~ Maximum Paid Surveys Pros: Upfront Maximum Paid Surveys doesn't use pretty words and hyperboles to lure you. The package is honest, credible and tells it like it is. We were really impressed by that. Great Customer Support The support that Maximum Paid Surveys offers, has to be experienced to be believed. They will aid you, and lead you step-by-step through their survey program. You'll definitely have all the assistance you need to implement the package and make money. Respectable Database The database of Maximum Paid Surveys is pretty large. They have a respectable dossier of survey research companies. You'll definitely have plenty of opportunities. Any Cons? The selection of paid surveys for you to take just is not as big as the best paid survey sites like the two listed above. Final Verdict This one is very well structured, and a great program. Maximum Paid Surveys is worth checking out. Visit Maximum Paid Surveys #4 Survey Hawk - Specialized UK Section! My Survey Hawk Scam Review Survey Hawk is a pretty good internet survey program with a specialized UK section. Pros: Friendly User Interface The interface of Survey Hawk is impressively designed, simple to use, and extremely user friendly. You'll be able to navigate around with ease, and you'll surely have a pleasant experience using the Survey Hawk. Excellent UK section While Survey Hawk offers ample opportunities for people of all nationalities, it certainly has something amazing for those of you in the UK. This section is dedicated to UK residents and it is the best in the market. If you are a UK citizen, look no further, this one is for you! Cons: There's nothing negative to write about Survey Hawk. It's a sound investment. Verdict: Survey Hawk is an excellent survey program, and it will ensure that you make good money while filling out their survey forms. This one is a must-do. Visit Survey Hawk #5 Get Cash For Surveys - Not Bad, Not Great To Make Money Taking Surveys My Get Cash For Surveys Review Get Cash For Surveys is a complete newbie. We at Scam Review decided to test it out and see what it has to offer... Pros: Decent Database Get Cash For Surveys has a pretty large database of companies at its disposal. Good Bonus Features Some impressive bonuses come with your membership including ebay success guides, marketing guides, and much more. Not bad, but as far as the survey component goes, you are better going off with a higher rated program. Cons: x Member's Area is a Little Hard to Navigate x Promises of Riches ($250/hour, please) are over the top. Make them look like a paid survey scam. x Payouts and Selection just can't match better rated programs to make money tasking surveys. Verdict: With a standard surveys database, the bonuses elevate this to a decent program, although we really wish they'd stop advertising that you can earn $250/hour. Visit Get Cash For Surveys Work Online For Pay - Avoid! Another Paid Survey Scam Not A Real Option To Get Paid By Taking Surveys. Update: WorkOnline4Pay.com appears to have gone offline. My guess is too many customer complaints! Go figure. WorkOnline4Pay.com appears to have gone offline. My guess is too many customer complaints! Go figure. Cons: x Nothing new When Scam Review was analyzing "Work Online For Pay", the program didn't have anything new or novel to offer. And it certainly didn't have as many features as the more popular survey programs. Verdict: Hardly anything good here. Definitly a paid survey online scam and not a legit way to make money takying surveys. A few paying surveys and awful customer service makes this one easy to avoid.
Do you have to believe in God to be a moral person? According to a new study by Pew's Global Attitudes Project, 53 percent of Americans say yes. The ironic fact of the Bible, however, is that it is full of individuals who believe in God, who act immorally and violently, and whose God appears to bless their actions. Many Christians today are critical of the violence they see in other religions — especially Islam — but there's an inescapable cognitive dissonance if you are appalled by the violence done in the name of one religion but not by the violence done in the name of your own.
It is hard to miss the passage where Moses slaughters 3,000 Israelites for worshipping a golden calf (Exodus 32) — a death toll comparable to September 11. Or the passage telling of Moses' anger upon discovering that their army had spared enemy women and children (Numbers 31), later commanding them to kill the males and older women, but keep the virgin girls for themselves.
This disturbing side of the Bible has some Christian academics calling for a more discriminate reading of it. Venturing into territory often reserved for Richard Dawkins — who, in The Virus of Faith, compared Moses to Hitler — these Christians offer strong criticisms of the same book they hold sacred.
I asked a few of them to explain how they read the Bible's violent passages.
Sunday school Samson
The Bible contains many moments where immoral actions are condemned, like King David's murder of Bathsheba's husband, Uriah, to cover up their affair (2 Samuel 11). But there are also many passages where immorality is not only not denounced, but celebrated.
Take, for example, Judges 13-16. If you went to Sunday school, you may remember the story in which God restores the blinded Samson's super-strength while their Philistine enemies are tying them up during a worship service at the temple of Dagon. Samson pulls down the entire structure, killing everyone present, including himself.
Did your Sunday school teacher present Samson as a hero? They were not so, says James McGrath, the Clarence L. Goodwin Chair in New Testament Language and Literature at Butler University. This act is “almost a ‘suicide bombing,'” they told me. And yet, the New Testament book of Hebrews (11:32-34), in what many ministers refer to as the “hall of faith,” portrays Samon's act as redemptive.
Similarly, Joshua's armies engage in a God-commanded systematic genocide (see Joshua 6:20-21) of the Canaanite men, women and children. Though some scholars question the historicity of this passage (along with many others), the fact that many Christians see Joshua, Samson, and Moses as “godly” role models is troubling to some of their fellow believers.
“I don't think that we have in the Bible revealed truths not produced by or mediated through human minds,” said McGrath, who identifies themselves as a liberal Christian. “To treat commands to commit genocide as though they originated from God is to empty of all meaning any claims we make about God being loving or interested in redemption.”
McGrath's comments might not surprise conservatives, coming as they do from the mainline Protestant left. But their position has support from some academic contrarians in the evangelical world, too.
Do evangelicals give God's violence a pass?
The slaughter of Moses' enemies in the Old Testament rivals that which “opponents of Islam have depicted for Muslim extremists,” says J. Denny Weaver, professor emeritus at Bluffton University and author of The Nonviolent God. “Christians who accuse Muslims and fail to recognize the violence in the Old Testament are giving Moses, the Israelite kings, and God a pass.”
Weaver told me, “As a Christian, my answer to divine violence in the Old Testament starts with the story of Jesus.” But this is in no way intended as “a simple assertion that the nonviolence of Jesus . . . supersedes the Old Testament.”
The Old Testament portrait of God is not “uniform,” they said. One must embrace “the entire Old Testament” to see that “the Old Testament in fact does not present a uniform picture of a violent and immoral God.”
In rejecting Bible-sanctioned violence, some Christian scholars have found themselves under fire from conservative evangelicals.
According to Weaver, the Old Testament includes portrayals of God and their people that stress nonviolence. The prophet Daniel's refusal to end their praying (Daniel 6) — a violation of the Babylonian law — was an example of “nonviolent cultural resistance of God's people in a strange land.” They add that Jesus' work is to say that this nonviolence “most truly reflects the character of God.”
Peter Enns, a professor of biblical studies at the progressively evangelical Eastern University, also finds the Bible's violence disturbing.
“Biblical portrayals of . . . God-sanctioned violence are typically given a free pass by Christian communities that look to scripture to give accurate and absolutely authoritative information about God,” Enns said in an email.
“For Christians, the tectonic shift away from tribal thinking and killing enemies is certainly driven home by Jesus and the apostle Paul,” said Enns. “It is in the teachings and actions of Jesus — culminating in their death and resurrection — where we see the truly authoritative presentation of God.”
Calling out heretics?
These evangelical voices are far from unanimous. In rejecting Bible-sanctioned violence, some Christian scholars have found themselves under fire from conservative evangelicals.
In 2013, for example, Messiah College's professor of Old Testament, Eric Seibert (author of The Violence of Scripture: Overcoming the Old Testament's Troubling Legacy), drew significant controversy for guest-writing a three-part series on the Bible's portrayal of God's violence at Peter Enns' Patheos blog.
“To put it bluntly, not everything in the ‘good book' is either good, or good for us,” Seibert wrote. “At times the Bible endorses values we should reject, praises acts we must condemn, and portrays God in ways we cannot accept.”
While some might see this as blasphemy, Seibert wrote on the blog that an engagement “in an ethical and theological critique” of the Bible — like Jesus did — is “an act of profound faithfulness.”
Aren't these academics cherry picking which parts of the Bible they accept?
But in a blog post of their own, Owen Strachan, assistant professor of Christian theology and church history at Boyce College, called Seibert's views “shameful,” offering this evangelical critique: “God is the one who ordains all things, and God is the one who sets our moral standards. We do not judge God.”
Albert Mohler, president of Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, compared Seibert's views to those of Richard Dawkins.
Another controversy arose when Christopher Rollston, a formerly tenured professor of Old Testament and Semitic studies at Emmanuel Christian Seminary, published “The Marginalization of Women: A Biblical Value We Don't Like to Talk About” at The Huffington Post.
Rollston's article takes issue with the Ten Commandments treating women as property (Deuteronomy 5:21), and the requirement for women to marry their rapists (Deuteronomy 22:28-29), refusing to look past the Bible's ancient misogyny as a tool for promoting violence against women.
Rollston says that the net effect of their article was a strong backlash from conservative donors to the seminary and the eventual loss of their teaching position.
Christian contrarians
Conservative evangelicals — and, in an unusual alliance, many atheists — might fairly ask: given their refusals to sanction the Bible's violence, what keeps these contrarians Christian? Aren't these academics cherry picking which parts of the Bible they accept?
Weaver, Enns, Rollston, or Seibert might offer this challenge to their conservative evangelical friends: simply believing in God — contrary to the Pew study — does not make one moral. Being a Christian requires “an act of profound faithfulness”: the courage to challenge a sacred book.
What seems clear to me is that if it's appropriate (and I believe it is) to challenge violence in sacred books, then it's a challenge that applies equally to any sacred book, be it the Bible or Qur'an.
Image of Anthony van Dyck's “Samson and Delilah,” 1630, via Wikimedia.
With delicious irony, immediately before they spoke in the much derided (with good reason) Thought for the Day slot, the show had featured a long item on the 100th anniversary of the birth of Welsh poet Dylan Thomas. The Welsh singer Cerys Matthews performed (beautifully) a chunk of Under Milk Wood with John Humphrys, the Welsh-born presenter of the Today programme. Later, at the top of the hour, the main news item was dedicated to a proposed new high-speed railway in the north of England. This northern railway was discussed approvingly later in the show by my colleague Liam Halligan. And then someone from the Scottish Labour party was invited to burble on about the contest to elect their new leader, its old leader just having resigned blaming London for their lack of charisma.
In the hour or so I spent pottering about – getting dressed, eating breakfast and feeding the cats, the Today programme was overwhelmingly non-metropolitan in its content. Scotland and its alleged woes were featured prominently, as is the case in many other media outlets. And yet no matter how much coverage or consideration Scotland gets, the moaning that Scotland is being ignored or patronised only gets louder.
It makes me think that Scotland needs to be very careful, because after the referendum it is getting a reputation for being boring and self-obsessed. The Scottish elite that is based in Scotland, or that part which gets on the radio and television across the UK to pontificate about how Scotland is ignored or done down, is making the Scots sound like a bunch of whining, navel-gazing whingers. It's a bad look.
No complaint is too small, it seems. The preacher on Thought for the Day began in typical style by noting that the English are struggling to pronounce the name of Johann Lamont, the outgoing Scottish Labour leader. Good grief. Them name *is* difficult to pronounce. Johann, which on the page looks like Yohan, is then followed by a name which the English reader sees and hears as La-mont, thanks to Norman. That's all it is. It's a misreading. There is no English plot to disrespect Yo-han La-mont. In the grand scheme of things it is a minor mispronunciation of the name of a person that busy people south of the border are never really going to have to get to know because they won't even be Scotland's First Minister anyway, what with them resigning.
Then there are Labour's former Scottish First Ministers filling the airwaves to say that London Labour has too much power over the Scottish party. Sure, absolutely right. So why didn't they do anything meaningful about this when they were leading the Scottish Labour Party and had the chance? Why are they blaming London for Scottish Labour's fifteen year failure to take some responsibility?
I am not suggesting that the Scottish political class needs to be pathetically grateful for all the coverage and attention from London of these and other matters, merely that the members of that guild should recognise reality and get out of the referendum bubble. Scotland has just had a campaign and vote which came with epic amounts of attention. It went on for years, with the Nationalists shouting that just you wait and see they were going to win. The vote was duly held and the Nationalists lost, decisively, despite what some headbanging Nats say now when they try to pretend that 45 (the Yes campaign's tally in September) is a bigger number than 55 (the No vote in the referendum).
Yes, yes, yes, of course there must now be a redrawing of the constitution – with further powers and England's rights acknowledged – because it was promised (although devomax was never promised). But this further devolution is happening. Cameron is deadly serious about it.
However, I am starting to suspect that is not the point for the blethering classes in Scotland. Rather than get on with difficult stuff, such as fixing the Scottish education system, they find it much easier to return, as they have been doing for more than thirty years, to the constitutional questions and complaints about being ignored. An old Scottish phrase sums it up. "They would rather have the grievance" means that the complainant doesn't want a solution. They enjoy the grievance too much.
The real miracle is how tolerant the English have been throughout this process. But for how much longer I wonder? The moral superiority complex – the greatest weakness of Scotland's political elite – grated during the referendum, although most people down here were too polite to say anything negative publicly. Now it is getting worse.
Great, say the Nats. They'll keep up this moaning in the hope of another referendum or the English demanding Scotland leaves because its elite is too boring and self-regarding. That misses the point that we all must share this island and hopefully get along, regardless of the constitutional settlement. Unless, again, that is not the point and at root the Nats want to stoke grievance, division, enmity and resentment of otherness because for many of them that seems to be what this is all about.
Similar patterns are unfolding across the country: In Clark County, Nev., which includes Las Vegas, the district attorney's family support division has received an unusually high number of calls from parents who previously paid diligently but are now having trouble.
The child-support office in Milwaukee saw a 20 percent spike in the number of custodial parents seeking enforcement of support orders last year, with most of the increase coming in the fall as the unemployment rate there began to creep upward.
To explain why they can no longer pay as much per month, the parents, typically fathers, cite layoffs, cutbacks in work hours and the loss of homes to foreclosure. Presented with documentation of falling incomes and rising expenses, judges often have little choice but to grant the downward adjustments, even in the face of protests from mothers struggling to support children.
Magistrate Matthew Troy, a stocky, gregarious man with a white horseshoe mustache who is one of 15 judges hearing such cases in Manhattan Family Court, said the decisions can be brutal. “It's not a trickle down — it's a direct route,” they said of the effects, especially in poor families. “Everybody who relies on the father gets hit.”
The reductions force some families to apply for welfare for the first time, while others become increasingly dependent on food stamps or risk eviction when they come up short on rent.
“In many cases, it's devastating,” said C. A. Watts, the director of the district attorney's family support division for Clark County. “Some of the parents absolutely depend on that money coming in. It's a domino effect. The custodians need the money to feed and clothe the children. If the money stops, it puts a burden on the custodial parent, and they have to come up with funds another way. They're not going to let their children starve.”
The amount of child support varies based on individual family circumstances, but New York State begins with these guidelines: A noncustodial parent generally pays 17 percent of gross income for one child, 25 percent for two children and up to 35 percent for five or more children, as well as a share of child care, medical and education expenses.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We see everything,” said Peter Passidomo, chief of the state's 125 support magistrates. “High income, low income, across the board. It's just like in an intact family where the income earner has lost the job.”
Though Family Court in New York is open to the news media, names of the parties are typically not revealed.
Judge Troy, who has been a Family Court judge since 1999, said that in recent weeks they had seen a former Lehman Brothers executive whose $7 million in stock had disappeared, leaving them unable to pay their child support. And then there was the divorced couple whose combined income had surpassed $400,000 — until they both lost their jobs and were scrambling to figure out how to pay two private-school tuitions on roughly $800 a week in unemployment benefits.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Most, though, are more like the man who went from a decent-paying factory job to working in food service during Mets games in Queens. Judge Troy lowered their monthly payment for their three teenagers to $50 per month, from $686. Otherwise, they feared, the father would be unable to meet their obligation and face a more drastic punishment: jail.
“It wasn't their fault they lost their job,” Judge Troy said. “I don't want to throw a guy like that in the clink.”
The Saks salesperson, on the other hand, whose 19-year-old daughter was asking for support for the first time, was ordered to pay $544 a month. (New York allows child support to be paid for dependents beyond age 18.)
In the case of the father who could not buy a birthday present for their son, Mr. Troy agreed that $315 a month — or 23 percent of their $16,640 salary — was too much. But the child's mother, over speakerphone from their home in Georgia, angrily protested that they were already paying $1,800 a month for the child's expenses.
“He is capable of getting another job,” they said. “I see no reason for them to get any kind of modification of their child support.”
The judge ultimately took the woman off speaker, and instead spoke quietly into the telephone to calm them down. They lowered the father's payments to $50 a month (about 4 percent of their gross income).
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Somebody's got to make the call,” Judge Troy said after the hearing had adjourned. “That's the call I'm making.”
Mr. Passidomo said magistrates throughout the state have grown increasingly concerned about the volume and breadth of the modification requests. Upstairs from Mr. Troy, in Room 8C3, Magistrate Sudeep Kaur said they see themselves as “very strict about reducing child support,” but lately has had little choice in a spate of cases in which fathers have come to them after losing their jobs.
“It really has to be something beyond their control,” they said.
Lisa J. Marks, the director of Child Support Enforcement in Milwaukee, said their office has seen an influx of noncustodial fathers who have lost jobs in sales, construction and the service industry.
“We have seen individuals who have had fairly good income, and it's not there any more,” they said.
“It's really a teetering issue for child support offices,” Ms. Marks said. “You have one party who is really desperate because they're not getting the full amount of support. And their expenses have increased, and their hours are probably decreasing.”
On the flip side are the fathers, and “they don't have a job at all anymore,” they said. “You try to maintain fairness.”
The court will typically order fathers to pay a portion of their unemployment benefits in child support. But if their unemployment runs out, and they have no income, the court will temporarily resort to what is called “open support,” Ms. Marks said. What that means, they explained, is “you don't have to pay any child support.”
The Social Network is about the creation and rise of Facebook, currently the largest online social network. It stars Jesse Eisenberg as Mark Zuckerberg and Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin, who are two of the co-founders of Facebook, and Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker.
The thing that most intrigued me about this film is that it portrays, albeit in a somewhat fictional manner, the creation and rise of Facebook, which is currently the largest and most prominent online social network. I quite like technology, so I found this film fascinating.
The acting in this film is superb. The main cast, including Jesse Eisenberg, Andrew Garfield and Justin Timberlake, do quite well, though for me the biggest stand-out performance was from Rooney Mara, who plays Erica Albright. Though they only has a small and relatively insignificant part in the film, their emotions are portrayed so well that I genuinely felt sorry for them after Mark blogged about them That, for me, is an important part of what makes a performance great. I also quite liked Andrew Garfields performance as Eduardo Saverin.
The music for this film, composed by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross, is also very good. It fitted each scene very nicely, and added some poignancy to the film that I thought was quite a nice addition.
The only negative about this film for me is that it does drag on a bit near the end, but aside form that this is quite a good film.
Overall, this film is fantastic, with superb acting and music, which is only let down by dragging on a bit towards the end.
Advertisements
It is hard to paint a rosy picture of telecommunications in South Africa.
The environment is dominated by two players and policed by a regulator that does not always meet its mandate. In the end all that grief is passed onto South African mobile and Internet users, who carry the brunt of some of the highest telecommunications costs in the world.
The only true solution to this impasse is an open and competitive market, made possible by a level playing field. This is why several industry players chose to oppose the planned merger between Vodacom and Neotel.
In 2014 Vodacom, South Africa's largest mobile operator, announced plans to buy Neotel, the country's second-largest fixed-line operator. If Vodacom were to acquire Neotel's vast fibre networks as well as its mobile spectrum, it would render the company's iron grip on the market into an unassailable monopoly able to dictate the price consumers pay to connect.
Spectrum is a key concern: defined as the radio frequencies used to transmit (among other things) mobile signals, spectrum is essential for delivering faster internet to a growing user base. Already this is a pinching nerve for mobile operators, as spectrum is not only scarce but licenses for it are very difficult to acquire.
Vodacom's takeover of Neotel would have delivered substantial amounts of this valuable commodity to the former, translating into an incredible and unfair advantage that could only hurt the market and ultimately consumers. Even the Competition Commission noted this, advising a number of conditions that included Vodacom be barred from using Neotel's spectrum for more than two years.
Yet even though Vodacom decided to modify its deal and exclude spectrum licenses, the High Court's decision to set aside approval of the merger is a clear victory for South Africa's broadband market and the consumers it serves.
Gallo Images/ Thinkstock
But perhaps even more key is the finding that the industry regulator ICASA (Independent Communications Authority of SA) did not act appropriately. Its behaviour, incredibly, included private meetings with Vodacom. The High Court Judge said that “[f]or an administrator to attend a private meeting with one of the parties under these circumstances is, in my view, not only improper, but also unlawful.”
Given its past actions, which included fighting cuts to already-expensive mobile termination rates, there is little doubt that Vodacom would have used its acquired girth to continue forcing the market into inadvertently punishing consumers.
Likewise, the High Court has laid bare how ICASA failed to meet one of its most basic requirements of its existence: The creation of competition in the telecommunications industry. By not considering the potential anti-competitive effects of the proposed merger – facts they had at hand – ICASA failed its statutory obligation to promote competition that brings about affordable prices for consumers.
Moeketsi Moticoe
But while this battle is won, the war continues. Even though the ruling puts a stop to the spectrum takeover, any merger between Vodacom and Neotel should be opposed.
It would make it even harder for newcomers to compete in and grow South Africa's internet market. As the need to connect more South Africans to the Internet and the demand for affordable broadband services continue to grow, every measure should be taken to ensure a responsible and fair market - one that ultimately provides better services for less to all South Africans.
This is not simply a matter of market share, but an issue that concerns all of us. Cell C welcomes the High Court's judgment and commits itself to continue the fight for a South African internet we can all participate in.
There's a scene during the sixth episode of USA's “Mr. Robot” in which the lead character, a painfully anxious computer hacker named Elliot, pulls off an extraordinary feat. They cripple a prison's security system to free a single inmate: a drug dealer whose thugs have been holding Elliot's girlfriend captive. After they free the bad guy, they are handed the keys to the car he's been riding around in all day. In the trunk lies their girlfriend, dead.
The hand-held camera pivots around Elliot's face. With their jaw clenched and bulbous eyes downcast, the reaction of the actor Rami Malek is so minimalist as to be disturbing. Sam Esmail, the creator and show runner of “Mr. Robot,” said that there had been a question about how to approach the moment. “Finding this person that you really deeply cared about dead in the trunk and you're not exploding in tears?” Mr. Esmail said by telephone from Los Angeles. But, they continued, “We were never worried about getting the audience to like Elliot.”
It is that sort of stubbornly confident storytellingthat has made “Mr. Robot,” which has its first-season finale Wednesday night, one of the most acclaimed shows of the summer. Critics have praised Mr. Malek's performance, the show's hacker-world verisimilitude and its visual aesthetic. And even though the show's ratings (which started at 2.8 million viewers, according to Nielsen's live-plus-three-days data, and have declined to 2.3 million) still fall below USA stalwarts like “Suits,” the network was enthusiastic enough about the show to order for a second season even before its debut.
Mr. Esmail, who released “Comet,” their first film, in 2014, conceived “Mr. Robot” out of a passion for socioeconomic causes — and tech. They cite the 2008 financial crisis, the Occupy movement and the Arab Spring demonstrations as sources of both frustration and inspiration. “I'm Egyptian,” said Mr. Esmail, who was born in New Jersey. “And to see my cousins over there in their late teens and early 20s channel their anger for this really positive change using technology, that was incredibly moving to me.”
Buckley was sanguine about Collingwood's efforts in the off-season – "I am very happy with how we have come out of it" – after the trading period threatened to be a bad one for the Magpies when the contracted Beams declared they wanted out and would only be traded to Brisbane. The club had also moved Lumumba out. "You want to bring some ready-made players in around the youth, and we have got an existing core of that and we feel these three lads are going to provide that for us," they said. "It's pretty clear the decisions we have made over the last couple of years have been around regenerating and giving ourselves the best chance to contend sooner than later. "I am not great at managing expectations. I have high expectations for this club and this playing group and I think the first half of last year showed what we are capable of. I have no reason to think why we cannot perform in that manner for longer next year than we did last year." Buckley said Collingwood had played well early but for a second successive season had fallen badly away and had "limped to the line". They acknowledged the club's injury profile was poor and it had changed not only a doctor and weights coach but had tweaked its training regime.
"I would suggest we have not had a great run in the last three years, so it is clearly an area of focus for us. We have shifted how we are going to prepare in the gym – less of a power focus and more of a functional strength component," they said. "And to build the aerobic phase in this transitional game. We want strength without size in many ways, or without being too big." They reasoned that if players could lose bulk without sacrificing strength it had to help their running ability in a game increasingly requiring solid transition running. Buckley said Varcoe was versatile but their ability to run and spread on the outside would suit them to a wing at the Magpies. Greenwood said they had moved not only for the financial stability of a four-year contract but because they craved consistent opportunity in the midfield, which Collingwood offered. Buckley said the inside midfielder, who has also tagged at North, would be expected to be a mainstay of the Magpies midfield next year. Crisp was an add-on to the Beams trade from Brisbane but Buckley said the 190-centimetre inside midfielder had elite speed and could be important in the midfield depth after impressing late in the season at the Lions.
"Add to that Darcy Moore and pick five in the draft, so we have two of the top-10 elite talent from this year's draft pool and two of the top-10 picks from last year who we are yet to see in Nathan Freeman and Matt Scharenberg," Buckley said. "[But] we are not playing tennis, this is footy, it is a team game and how a team gels together matters most, and great teams win flags, and great teams win games of footy, and we are working towards being a great team." Buckley was unfazed by the decision by Beams to quit the club despite being under contract, acknowledging that the number of high-profile and quality players seeking to move despite contracts was a modern reality. "There are a few coaches that had contracts that were not upheld either. Contracts are contracts, it's up to the two parties whether they are upheld or not," they said. Buckley was similarly dismissive when asked if they were troubled that there would be mounting pressure on their own contract entering their third season in charge and after making bold list changes.
Organisers hoped summit would mark new era in Afghanistan but talks are set to focus on eastern Europe, Iraq and Syria
Nato leaders have descended on the Welsh resort of Celtic Manor for a two-day summit, which formally starts with a meeting about Afghanistan but will be dominated by discussion on Ukraine and the threat of Islamic State (Isis) extremists in Iraq and Syria.
Ukraine's president, Petro Poroshenko, will brief leaders on Thursday on their agreement with the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, on the outlines of a peace agreement in Ukraine.
A British official said: "The meeting will provide leaders with the opportunity to hear president Poroshenko's assessment of the latest situation on the ground and their discussions with President Putin. It will also send a clear signal of their support for Ukraine's sovereignty and that the onus is on Russia to de-escalate the situation."
The Russian foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, warned on Thursday that Ukraine's Nato ambitions were threatening to derail peace talks in eastern Ukraine. In televised remarks, Lavrov said statements by senior government officials in Kiev that they would be seeking to join Nato were "a blatant attempt to derail all the efforts" to seek a peaceful solution to the crisis.
The organisers had hoped that summit would help mark a new era in Afghanistan at the end of the alliance's combat mission, by welcoming Hamid Karzai's successor as the country's new president. But the result of April's election is still a matter of dispute between the rival candidates Abdullah Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani, amid growing insecurity in the country.
The failings of Nato's mission in Afghanistan were underlined by more violence on Thursday as Taliban insurgents detonated two truck bombs in the central town of Ghazni, killing 18 people.
The first item on the formal agenda at the summit is a head of government meeting on Afghanistan, where leaders will discuss how Nato can support the country after the last troops leave at the end of this year.
Speaking before the meeting the Nato general secretary, Anders Fogh Rasmussen, said it was "vital to see a conclusion to the electoral process in Afghanistan".
They also tried to put a positive gloss on Nato's campaign. "We will prepare a new chapter in our relationship with Afghanistan, as our combat mission draws to a close," they said.
Rasmussen added: "We have done what we set out to do. We have denied safe haven to international terrorists. We have built up capable Afghan forces of 350,000 troops and police. So our nations are safer, and Afghanistan is stronger.
"We have planned a new mission to train, advise and assist the Afghan forces from next year and it will be launched once we have the legal arrangements in place.
Later in the summit Nato is expected to agree to bolster its eastern defences and buttress support for Ukraine. It is set to approve the setting up of a "spearhead" rapid reaction force, potentially including several thousand troops, that could be sent to a hotspot in as little as two days, officials say.
Eastern European members, including Poland, have appealed to Nato to permanently station thousands of troops on its territory to deter any possible Russian attack. But other members have spurned that idea, partly because of the expense and partly because they do not want to break a 1997 agreement with Russia under which Nato committed not to permanently station significant combat forces in the east.
Instead Nato leaders will agree to pre-position equipment and supplies, such as fuel and ammunition, in eastern European countries, with bases ready to receive the Nato rapid reaction force if needed.
Nato has said it has no plans to intervene militarily in Ukraine, which is not a member.
The crisis in Iraq and Syria is not on the formal agenda but is expected to dominate discussions at the sidelines, as Barack Obama and David Cameron attempt to build an international coalition for tackling Isis militants.
Writing in the Times on Thursday they said: "When the threats to our security increasingly emanate from outside Nato's borders, we must build more partnerships with others who share our values and want a tolerant and peaceful world. That includes supporting the partners who are taking the fight to Isil [Islamic State] on the ground, as we have done by stepping up support for Kurdish and Iraqi security forces."
They added: "We meet at a time when the world faces many dangerous and evolving challenges. To the east, Russia has ripped up the rulebook with its illegal, self-declared annexation of Crimea and its troops on Ukrainian soil threatening and undermining a sovereign nation state.
"To the south, there is an arc of instability that spreads from north Africa and the Sahel, to the Middle East."
A Toronto woman denied a flight to New York as part of a cruise trip wants to know how U.S. border agents knew about their history of mental illness.
Ellen Richardson says they were told by U.S. customs officials at Pearson International Airport on Monday that because they had been hospitalized for clinical depression in June 2012, they could not enter the U.S.
As a result, they missed their flight to New York City and a Caribbean cruise, for which they had paid $6,000.
"I was in shock. I was completely in shock," Richardson said Friday on CBC's Metro Morning. "I had no idea how that was relevant to my seeking entry into the U.S. for a holiday."
Richardson is also an author who published a book, Hope for the Heavy Heart, in 2008 about their struggles with depression.
On a website promoting the book, Richardson describes how they became paralyzed from the waist down after jumping off the Bloor viaduct in a failed suicide attempt in 2001. In the book, Richardson says it was one of three occasions when they tried to take their own life.
Richardson told CBC News that border guards referenced their 2012 hospitalization, and not their book, in denying their entry into the U.S.
At the time, Richardson was told they could only enter the U.S. if a doctor — not their own doctor, but one from a short list of others whom they had never met — signed a document vouching for them They would also have to pay a fee of $500.
Richardson turned around and went home. Only later did they wonder how the agent knew their history in the first place. Richardson says they have been on several cruises since 2001, all of which required U.S. flights, with no problems.
"It really hit me later — that it's quite stunning they have that information."
Ontario privacy watchdog to probe case
U.S. border guards are allowed to bar anyone they deem a threat to themselves, others or their property. They have access to police records — including even uneventful encounters with officers — but medical records are supposed to be held in the strictest confidence.
Richardson's stay in hospital was preceded by a 911 call, placed by their mother, but they say police were never involved, just an ambulance.
They have hired a lawyer and turned to their member of Parliament, Mike Sullivan, for answers.
Sullivan says the apparent lack of police involvement makes Richardson's case especially mysterious.
"We don't know how deep the connection is between U.S. customs" and Canadian authorities, they said.
Ontario's privacy watchdog said reports that private health information is being shared with U.S. border services are of "grave concern" and they will investigate.
Information and Privacy Commissioner Ann Cavoukian said they will look into the matter to ensure that personal health information isn't compromised.
NDP health critic France Gelinas asked Cavoukian to investigate earlier this week.
Gelinas said she's been contacted by three people who have been denied entry to the United States based on their personal health history.
They said such information shouldn't be shared with anyone outside their health-care providers and doing so undermines the integrity of all health services in Ontario.
They add Health Minister Deb Matthews owes Ontarians an explanation.
"A person's medical history is something that must remain absolutely confidential," said Gelinas.
My fondest memory of the Mass Effect series is a conversation I had with Thane Krios. In a quiet corner of the Normandy's Crew Quarters they explained that their species, the Drell, believe their souls exist as separate entities from their physical bodies. For Thane, this belief allowed them to reconcile their nature as a virtuous figure with their profession as an assassin for hire; the deplorable actions of their body could not tarnish the purity of their soul. The Mass Effect series is about intergalactic politicking, mediating interspecies relationships, navigating moral dilemmas, and--of course--engaging in warfare. But it's the moments in which characters reveal something deeply personal about themselves that are the most profound.
I've always been fascinated with the series' depictions of religion, the way it leans on frameworks of faith that have parallels in real life but then creates a layer of abstraction by exploring them through alien species or relating them to existence on an intergalactic scale. These are the moments that stick with me, and in my hands-on with Mass Effect: Andromeda, it was a moment like this that I walked away thinking about the most.
Andromeda follows thousands of people from numerous species as they venture from the Milky Way galaxy to a distant world in search of a new home. For these characters, and the player, Andromeda is positioned as a journey of exploration and discovery. From a broader gameplay perspective, it's the discovery of new planets to adventure in, quest threads to follow, decisions to make, and conflicts to resolve--either through diplomacy or violence. But the theme of discovery also drives the narrative arcs of Andromeda's cast, all of whom are hoping to find something beyond a new home.
Aboard the Tempest--the ship that players will use to travel around Andromeda's Helius Cluster--I encountered one such person: Suvi. She's staring out into the the depths of space and admiring the view. To her, the distant stars and majestic planetary bodies are "a constant reminder of the divine intelligence behind all creation."
Like Thane, Suvi reconciles two parts of them that, to outsiders, seem contradictory: she's a woman of science, but also of faith. During our conversation they reveal science brings them closer to something greater than herself. She's lived their life having to justify these beliefs and needing to prove that their faith in the divine doesn't diminish their work as a scientist.
As a person from a traditionalist Muslim family that has grown up in Western society, I couldn't help but relate to Suvi. That perceived incompatibility between faith and science has been mirrored in my own life, and Suvi expressed an idea that I've held but never been able to adequately verbalize. In that moment, I found myself remembering why I love the Mass Effect series and why I find Andromeda's potential so exciting.
After this exchange, I took the time to wander around the Tempest and speak to more of the crew joining protagonist Ryder in the search for a new "Golden World." In the engine room Gil questioned their decision to join the Andromeda Initiative but said they ultimately did so to find a purpose for himself. Similarly, Vetra, a well-connected Turian that specialises in gathering information, felt the need to justify their presence on the mission, indicating that she's dealing with issues of inadequacy and self-confidence. Jaal, who is part of the new Angara race native to the Andromeda galaxy, is an outsider trying to find footing among people from unfamiliar cultures. PeeBee, the wise-cracking Asari, refused to entertain any personal questions and outright said they have no interest in putting down roots or finding a new family in the crew of the Tempest. They bounced between happy-go-lucky, guarded, and distant.
For me, the series' strength lies in textured, layered characters offering unique perspectives that I can learn to understand--and perhaps even relate to. Based on the few hours I spent with Andromeda, it looks like there will be an abundance of them.
Click image to view in full screen
Beyond the promising characters, Andromeda looks to have made a number of interesting changes to the familiar Mass Effect framework, the majority of which I was able to experience in the game's opening missions. Don't worry, there won't be any spoilers ahead.
Our search for a Golden Planet began aboard Hyperion, an Ark housing a human colony numbering 20,000 people. Player-character Ryder is awoken from cryosleep 600 years after departing from the Milky Way galaxy. As Ryder was getting their bearings, a doctor approached and gave me my first taste of the new dialogue system, which looks to address the binary nature of the series' role-playing.
It does this by asking players to select responses based on tone. In any given conversation you're presented with the option to be casual, emotional, logical, or professional, depending on the scenario. Instead of having a series of neutral probing questions and then two responses that align with either the Paragon or Renegade moral archetype, responses now represent a diverse set of emotions that shape each relationship dynamic.
For example, Cora Harper is the Pathfinder's second in command and technically Ryder's superior. When I later became the Pathfinder (despite the fact that they were better suited for the role), some tension began to grow between us. This informed the way I conducted myself around her; I opted to remain professional to prove that I was capable of handling the responsibility. For PeeBee, however, I adopted a casual tone in conversation, purely because they came across as someone that prefers to be around a leader that isn't uptight all the time.
As a result, Andromeda doesn't feel like it's funneling you down a path of good or evil. Instead, the different flavors of responses invite us to play different roles with different people and define relationships with greater nuance.
Ryder's first mission takes me to Habitat 7, a planet set to be the new Earth. However, upon my arrival it became abundantly clear that it was less than golden. In fact, Habitat 7 looked like it had been torn and twisted into something uninhabitable.
It's blue sky and sparse plant life indicated that it could have once been a new home for humankind, but it was now fraught with thunderstorms, and oxygen levels had plummeted as the atmosphere became choked in argon nitrogen. Intense magnetic activity meant that rock formations were floating in the air, and metallic inclusions attracted destructive electrical phenomena, the danger of which I experienced first-hand when a lightning bolt hit our ship and scattered my crew around the designated landing point. With only security specialist Liam Costa in tow, I began searching for the rest of the team.
The different flavors of responses invite us to play different roles with different people and define relationships with greater nuance.
Taking a page of out of Dragon Age: Inquisition's book, Mass Effect: Andromeda's planets are built to be a series of contained spaces where players explore and complete quests. Although they're not connected to form what we'd traditionally consider an open-world, each location is large enough to hold story missions, as well as side missions you can uncover and complete by venturing off the prescribed path and exploring.
To accommodate this, Ryder has been given a robust set of traversal abilities, most notably a jump and a dash enabled by a rocket pack. Ryder was also able to clamber up Habitat 7's rocky cliff faces to reach elevated areas, a skill that proved necessary to track a distress call from a teammate for a sidequest.
These abilities are also at the core of Andromeda's new combat mechanics, which I employed against the asupervisorstioned Kett. At one point we came upon a friend who had been cornered by this unfamiliar alien race. Wearing armour made of bone and brandishing guns, they looked to be hostile but, as pointed out by Ryder, first contact protocols dictate that you cannot open fire unless fired on. Given the option to act first and talk later, I decided to let cooler heads prevail and attempted to talk to the Kett. Since they spoke an unknown language and weren't treating our friend very nicely, I had no option but to engage.
Interestingly, Ryder voiced their displeasure about how things unfolded and even made the case for the Kett feeling as threatened by us as we were by them. Andromeda makes attempts at presenting the Kett, and the mysterious Archon leading them, as figures that could also be on a journey that parallels ours. Since the portions of the game we played were devoid of necessary context, it wasn't clear what their motivations were, but I got the feeling the game doesn't want to present them as clear-cut bad guys.
In this scenario it was us versus them; the perfect opportunity to put combat through its paces. Mass Effect 3's combat serves as the foundation for the way Andromeda plays, in particular the increased freedom of movement. However, one major difference is that the role of cover has been significantly diminished. Although Ryder will automatically move into cover as you approach any appropriately large, solid object--and in fact it's often necessary to recover from damage--but between the new movement abilities, Biotic powers, and destructive weaponry, Ryder feels like a character designed to always be on the offensive.
The Kett didn't make a habit of coming out into the open, preferring to obscure themselves behind cover and quickly move between objects in the environment. As a result, I was forced to take the fight to them by leaping out of cover and launching myself into the air with a jet pack. Once airborne, I could hover long enough to aim and fire off a few shots. Ryder's dash could then be used to quickly maneuver back into cover and begin the loop again.
While combat in previous entries in the series felt very stop-and-start--with players moving between different cover points and popping out to fire their weapons or use powers--Andromeda's skirmishes feel like they're focused on forward momentum. However, the combat's newfound energy comes at the cost of a degree of control and a layer of strategy that series fans are used to having.
Unlike previous games, you only have direct control over Ryder, and teammates can't be issued commands beyond moving to a specified location or focusing fire on a designated enemy. BioWare has also reworked how Biotic powers are implemented to ensure you aren't spending extended time in a radial wheel. Instead of having a suite of powers on an instantly accessible wheel, you have three favourites that are assigned to shortcuts so that they can quickly be employed in the heat of battle, much like in Mass Effect 3. It is possible to create four loadouts that you can switch between during battle, but given that they're two menus deep, it only makes sense to do this in order to adapt to changing battle conditions between waves, rather than as a workaround for the new system.
Another major change for Andromeda is the new freeform class system. Instead of selecting a specific role and developing a set of abilities limited to that class, you're able to learn any ability and even reassign Ryder's skill points at any time. This is a welcome change as it allows you to create unique play styles and experiment with ability combinations. Those that opt to specialise when acquiring and upgrading abilities will unlock Profiles that correspond to classes from previous games. These are used to enhance abilities by bestowing Ryder with stat bonuses. Together these changes empower the player to have greater control over the type of Ryder they develop and guide through the galaxy.
After the delays and relatively little we'd heard about Mass Effect: Andromeda, I began to worry that it may not live up to the series' legacy. And while I can't outright say I'm confident it will deliver, Andromeda's tweaks to combat and dialogue are smart. However, my passion for the Mass Effect series is tied to the connections I developed with its characters. So in the end, that personal moment with Suvi is what makes me optimistic about the series' future.
Researchers from Cardiff, Derby and Nottingham Trent universities have published a new study, warning videogame makers that they need to do more to prevent players becoming addicted.
Published in the Addiction Research and Theory Journal, the study claims that approximately seven to eleven per cent of gamers can be considered to have “pathological” addictions, citing documented gaming sessions lasting 40-90 hours as evidence.
The universities also analysed the architecture of different game types, paying special attention to the genre of Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Games (MMORPGs) which offer players a structure encouraging long gaming sessions through a series of ever-escalating goals and rewards.
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
“As a first step online game developers and publishers need to look into the structural features of the game design,” says Dr Zaheer Hussain, a cyber-psychologist from the University of Derby. “For example the character development, rapid absorption rate, and multi-player features which could make them addictive and or problematic for some gamers.”
Dr Shumaila Yousafzai from Cardiff Business School also said that warning messages placed in games showed that the manufacturers “do take some responsibility into their own hands."
“These warning messages also suggest that the online video game industry might know how high the percentage of over-users is, how much time gamers spend playing and what specific features make a particular game more engrossing and addictive than others," said Yousafzai.
Many high-profile cases of extreme game addiction have appeared in the past years, including a South Korean couple whose baby starved to death whilst they played video games in 2010. Another case in February 2012 reported the death of a Taiwanese gamer named Chen Rong-yu, who suffered a cardiac arrest in the middle of a marathon gaming session whist playing in an internet cafe.
The distinction between 'good' and 'harmful' games is also difficult to define. Game designers frequently talk about the ‘addictive' quality of their titles as a positive quality, and use game mechanics similar to those found in casinos in order to encourage play.
One such method is to offer rewards to the player, dispensed at random intervals. This creates tension where the player knows that will be rewarded at some point (maybe with a temporary power-up, or a points bonus) but without knowing exactly when this will happen.
However, these problems are hardly a new to society. The same mechanic explains addiction to slot machines - games which require little skill but offer the promise of players hitting the jackpot.
Gaming addiction is not limited to 'hardcore gamers' either, with free-to-play titles such as FarmVille or Candy Crush Saga using similar systems of incentives to keep casual players hooked.
Despite this most recent study, there is still dissent over what is classified as gaming addiction and how widespread a problem it might be. In the fifth and most recent addition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5; the de facto authority for classifying psychiatric disorders) gaming addiction was listed as requiring more research.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nigel Farage on Michael Gove as future Conservative leader: "He'd be the right kind of person"
UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage has said they would consider an electoral pact with the Conservatives only if someone "grown up and sensible like Michael Gove" was in charge.
They described the education secretary as more "open-minded" than David Cameron.
Senior Tory MP Michael Fabricant has suggested UKIP might not field candidates in return for a promise of an in/out referendum on EU membership.
Mr Farage has previously said any Tory pledge must be "written in blood".
But Conservative Party chairperson Grant Shapps "categorically" ruled out a deal with UKIP.
'Abuse'
In an internal report to the prime minister, Mr Fabricant, who oversees campaigns on the ground, says UKIP, which wants the UK to withdraw from the European Union, poses a threat to the Conservatives in crucial marginal constituencies.
They propose a pact, in which the Conservatives would promise a referendum after 2015 and in return UKIP would not stand against Tory candidates.
They believe it could help the Conservatives win an extra 20 to 40 seats at the next general election.
I think Nigel Farage has got a lot of talent Michael Farbricant, Conservative MP
But Mr Cameron angered UKIP in 2006 by describing the party's members as "fruitcakes, loonies and closet racists, mostly".
Asked about Mr Fabricant's idea, Mr Farage told BBC Two's Daily Politics: "If Cameron went and somebody pragmatic, grown-up and sensible like Michael Gove was leader, we might think then that we could sit round a table and have a proper discussion.
"Open-minded, doesn't throw abuse around and thinks issues through - they would be the right kind of person."
Mr Fabricant told the same programme: "What did Nigel Farage say? 'It will have to be signed in blood.'
"If we feel in 24 months' time that we want a deal with UKIP - and it may not be necessary or advantageous - I will donate the blood."
Asked whether Mr Farage could be offered a cabinet seat as part of a deal, Mr Fabricant said: "I think Nigel Farage has got a lot of talent and I know we bring in people from other parties to do things in government, but that would be a judgment for David Cameron and George Osborne."
'Outright majority'
Asked whether some UKIP members were "closet racists", they added: "The truth is some UKIP members are. I'm going to be very controversial and say some Conservative members might well be and Labour members and Liberal Democrats too. I heard [Mr Cameron's 2006] interview and I don't think it needs retraction at all.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Michael Fabricant: Nigel Farage has a lot of talent
"Nigel Farage is an intelligent man. They will do what they think is best for the country in its relations with the EU. Let's see what happens in two years' time."
But Mr Shapps said: "I want to win the next election outright of course for the Conservatives so we have an outright majority and we don't have to be in coalition.
"But I want to do that with Conservative candidates fighting and winning on their own ground and on their own terms and that's exactly what we are going to do. So I can categorically rule out any form of electoral pact with UKIP or anyone else."
A Downing Street source said: "Michael Fabricant does a great job campaigning in by-elections but they don't speak for the party on this issue.
"The safest way to protect Britain's interests is to vote Conservative. That's why we'll have Tory candidates in every seat at the next election."
But Labour vice-chairperson Michael Dugher said: "For Number 10 to say that the vice-chairperson of the Conservative Party doesn't speak for the Conservatives is ridiculous.
"It shows how weak David Cameron has become and is yet another sign that Cameron's Tories are completely divided over Europe. Instead of fighting for a deal for Britain on the EU budget, the Tories are too busy trying to do a deal for the Tory party with UKIP."
Chris Fox, CP24.com
Humber River Hospital has received an early Christmas present courtesy of the Ford family.
Doug Ford and their mother Diane dropped by the construction site for the hospital's new Keele Street facility on Wednesday morning to present President and CEO Dr. Rueben Devlin with $90,000 in donations - $40,000 of which is from the sale of Rob Ford bobbleheads and $50,000 of which is a personal donation from the Fords.
The money will go towards construction of the hospital's new facility, which has been billed as North America's first fully digitized hospital.
“I don't think people realize how great this hospital is. It is the best hospital in North America and we are here to support it,” Doug Ford told CP24. “If everyone at a grassroots level donated the $10 or $20 that a few thousand people donated for Rob's bobbleheads it would help the hospital tremendously.”
Rob Ford checked themselves into Humber River Hospital in September after they felt unwell during breakfast and was later diagnosed with liposarcoma – a rare and aggressive form of soft tissue cancer.
Though the former mayor was subsequently transferred to Mount Sinai Hospital for treatment, Doug Ford told reporters that their family hasn't forgotten about the vital help Humber River Hospital provided their brother in their initial moment of need.
“I find it hard to always ask for money but I don't find it hard to ask for money for Humber River Hospital,” they said.
According to Devlin, the donation from the Ford family will be “earmarked” for some of the technological innovations inside the new hospital.
Included among those innovations will be Skype capability in rooms so patients can easily speak with their doctor or nurse and robots that can deliver supplies to staff.
“Every process that we do in the hospital is going to be automated from the delivery of supplies to the provision of health care,” Devlin said.
The new Humber River Hospital is expected to open on Oct. 18, 2015.
The Fords, meanwhile, are expected to present a second donation from bobblehead sales to Mount Sinai Hospital at a later date.
Remember for instant breaking news follow @cp24 on Twitter.
The headline of a new Vanity Fair piece said it all: "PLEASE, GOD, STOP CHELSEA CLINTON FROM WHATEVER They Are DOING." (Yes, it shouted in all caps!)
The piece in the liberal fashion magazine was even more brutal:
The crude conventional wisdom is that Bill Clinton craved adoration and Hillary Clinton craved power. But Chelsea Clinton seems to have a more crippling want: fashionability — of the sort embraced by philanthropic high society. So you tell The New York Times that your dream dinner party would include James Baldwin, Shakespeare, Franz Kafka, Albert Camus, Jane Jacobs, and Jane Austen, and discussion would be about how “people and communities can evolve to be more inclusive, more kind, have a greater and broader sense of solidarity, while still respecting individual liberties; what provokes or blocks those changes; and what stories might resonate today to encourage us toward kindness, respect, and mutual dignity.” You almost have to bow down before someone who could host Shakespeare for dinner and make the agenda wind up sounding like a brochure for the Altria Group. At least Kafka would be on hand to capture the joy of the evening ... But let's have a reality check. No one bothers George W. Bush's daughter, Barbara Bush, who quietly works on their nonprofit, Global Health Corps. On the other hand, if you're posing for magazine covers, granting interviews, doing book tours, placing your name on your parents' multi-million-dollar foundation, and tweeting out daily to 1.6 million people, then — guess what — you're a public figure. And if you've openly entertained the possibility of running for office if “it was something I felt called to do,” then assurances to the contrary aren't quite good enough. You're a public hazard. God has decreed that American political dynasties decline sharply in suitability for office with each iteration. Call it the George H.W.-George W.-Jeb rule. Quit after the first iteration. Don't trot out the second one. And, for the love of God, don't trot out the third. Forgetting that rule harmed the Democratic Party in 2016 and blew up the Republican Party entirely. The Democratic Party is surprisingly cohesive these days, thanks to anti-Trump sentiment, so a Jeb-style destruction is unlikely. But never say never. If anyone could make it happen, Chelsea could.
Ouch. Then there's the new book on Hillary's campaign, which imploded like none other before it, according to this New York Post piece:
Any debate about what happened last November ends with Tuesday's publication of “Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton's Doomed Campaign.” Journalists Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes spent the past two years talking to Hillary's most trusted advisers, and what emerges is damning. Every mistake made in their 2008 run was compounded in 2016: the paranoia, the staff infighting, the underestimation of the intra-party wild card, the self-righteousness, the failure to connect with average voters, the belief that because it was their turn the presidency would be hers. It's “Groundhog Day” with global consequences ... According to “Shattered,” after a year spent crisscrossing the country, “Hillary still couldn't figure out why Americans were so angry.” Jon Favreau, Obama's favorite speechwriter, lasted with Hillary mere weeks, quitting before they even formally announced. They have no clear reason for running, Favreau told their staff. They have no clear vision for the country and can't answer two simple questions: Why her, and why now? By late 2015, Hillary told an aide they still had no idea what voters needed. “I'm really trying to put my finger on what the electorate, the Democratic primary electorate, the broader electorate is thinking and feeling right now.” By then, the US economy had been decimated for seven years. Unemployment was stagnant, with 7.5 million Americans without work. One of every 122 homes had been foreclosed. More than 33,000 Americans died as a result of the opioid epidemic. An average of 20 veterans committed suicide per day. There was no shortage of issues. Similarly, Hillary didn't get why Bernie Sanders was resonating. Them worst defenses kicked in, fertilized by their top aides. “From the Clinton campaign's perspective,” the authors write, Bernie “was getting an even easier ride from the media than Obama had in 2008.”
But no one has gotten an easier ride than the Clintons. When Bill Clinton had sex with an intern their daughter's age –in the Oval Office, no less – the media yawned, and said Republicans were obsessed with sex. When Hillary ignored security problems at the U.S. embassy in Libya, which led to the death of four Americans, the media simply ignored the story, as they did with Hillary's destruction of 30,000 emails and use of a secret email server.
No, the Clintons have been given a pass for years, but in 2016, Americans said: "Enough." And Vanity Fair is right: The third iteration just doesn't work. Ever. Pay attention, Chelsea.
If Elon Musk keeps this up, he's going to gift humanity with reusable rockets in less than two years.
Over the weekend, in an unexpected announcement, Musk's space-exploration vehicle and privately owned space launch company, SpaceX, placed a video on YouTube, showing its latest test of the Grasshopper reusable, vertical take-off, vertical landing spacecraft. In a 95-second demonstration, we see Grasshopper lift itself off its launch pad, rise 1,066 feet into the air, bobble a bit and get its bearings, then safely drop back down to land -- it appears -- within mere inches from where it took off.
This is all part of Musk's grand plan to create a spaceship capable of launching from Earth, doing its business in space, then lowering itself back down to Earth all under its own power -- and by all indications, it appears that everything's going according to plan.
The Grasshopper, a 10-story-tall rocket ship consisting of a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, standing on aluminum legs and powered by a Merlin 1D engine, will be the first spacecraft ever to accomplish the task Musk has set it to perform. If it does so, SpaceX could inaugurate an era of cheap space travel, in which rockets no longer need to be built from scratch for each and every launch. Instead, a rocket built once, upon accomplishing its mission, will return to Earth for an oil change, to get its tires rotated, and its gas tank refilled -- then be good to go on another milk run.
The plan
According to plans filed with the Federal Aviation Administration two years ago, SpaceX is testing Grasshopper in three phases. Judging from what we know about the June test (shown in the video), it appears the company has now entered into phase three of its testing, which calls for leaps to altitudes of first 1,200 feet (roughly where it got to this time), then 2,500, 5,000, 7,500, and finally 11,500 -- taking the craft more than two miles into the sky.
Granted, that's still about 50 times short of the altitude Grasshopper will need to hop to reach low earth orbit. But already, we've seen the craft go from less than two meters to 325 meters in height in just 10 months -- an 18,000% increase in altitude. Were altitudes to keep on increasing at this phenomenal rate, the rocket could top 35 miles in altitude 10 months from now, then pass through 6,000 miles just 10 months after that -- leapfrogging low earth orbit to arrive in medium earth orbit.
What's next?
SpaceX's FAA filing doesn't say what might happen after the 11,500-foot test flight -- or even how long it might take the company to get that high. From an investor's perspective, though, I have to say: "Slow it down, Elon. Take it slow -- and don't forget to IPO."
Because perhaps the most annoying thing about watching Grasshopper leap to ever-higher bounds, knows that so far, the only of Musk's three companies that he's permitting investors to participate in are solar power lessor SolarCity (NASDAQ:SCTY.DL) and electric-car maker Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA) -- the two that are currently (and massively) unprofitable. In contrast, profitable, successful SpaceX remains frustratingly privately held by Musk.
Speaking entirely from the selfish perspective of an investor who'd prefer to buy profitable companies rather than money-burners, I'd much rather buy a piece of SpaceX before it revolutionizes space travel, than after.
theanarchistlibrary.org is (despite its name) an archive focusing on anarchism, anarchist texts, and texts of interest for anarchists.
Within the scope of our use of the term “anarchism” we have been quite broad, but broad does not mean infinite, and basically shrinks down to a set of ideas against the State and the capital. This immediately rules out the so-called “anarcho-capitalism”, “anarcho-nationalism” and similar crap.
What is so special about this site?
Often, you may find the texts hosted here on other sites that also aim to be digital libraries, and often the texts are taken from them (the source is always listed). But this library provides (together with the on-line version of each text) one or more high quality PDFs in various sizes and and formats, as well as its plain text sources, and an EPUB version for mobile platforms. We actively encourage the DIY printing and the distribution of the texts, so you have the “imposed” version for Letter paper (USA) and A4 (rest of the world): just print double side, fold and clip, and the booklet is ready.
The site provides a way for distributors and friends to change the layout of the PDFs and to create collections of an arbitrary number of texts (1 or more). See the bookbuilder page.
The site also provides an advanced search engine.
All these features come with some responsibility for the people who want to contribute to the library. We ask that uploaders contribute a logical representation of the text, with headings, emphasis, quotation blocks, etc. marked up appropriately. The site provides some tools (inside the web interface) to make this process easy, but some attention and some care is still required. Please be sure to read the manual if you plan to join the project for the mid- to long-term.
I have a text I'd like to see in the library. May I submit it?
Yes, you may! You don't need an account. Just click Add to Library and read the instructions.
I uploaded something, but you censored me!
When we choose not to publish something, usually we contact the uploader, providing a explanation. Problematic texts are always discussed.
What about my zine?
If you want to publish your zine here, keep in mind that we can't accept PDFs or raw scans. The texts here are processed to produce various formats, including but not limited to PDF.
Even if inserting images in the text is fully supported, this archive may not be the best solution for graphically heavy texts.
So, if you think your text makes sense only together with its specific layout, the place to publish it is zinelibrary, not the library.
What about my scans?
Texts freshly scanned are welcome, but you have to OCR and format them first. Broken, unreadable texts are rejected. We prefer quality over quantity. Work on your text and make it shine, don't throw it up as shit on the grass.
Hey, you started without me. Can I join you?
Sure, you can join the crew. We have a mailing list (library@angrylists.com) and a IRC channel.
What about support for other languages?
It's a reality. There are already sections in Swedish, Russian, Finnish, Macedonian, Spanish and Serbo-Croatian, to various degrees of development. So please don't mail us telling “Would be great if...”. The support is there. If you are seriously up for it (and you want to work on it), please let us know.
Tell us about your technology.
All the various components use free software and the code is freely available at http://amusewiki.org.
Why don't you do X
Perhaps because we haven't got around to it. Perhaps we have other reasons for not doing X. If you want X to happen at the Anarchist Library, feel free to log onto the IRC channel and talk to us about how X will rock our world, and how to make X happen. We are probably open to do it.
Boreal plans to open a terrain park to skiers and snowboarders on July 23, 2011. (Credit: Ride Boreal)
TRUCKEE, Calif. (CBS13) – Skiers and snowboard will get a rare chance to hit the slopes in late July.
Boreal Mountain Resort announced Thursday that it planned to open a chairlift to a single run with a terrain park on Saturday, July 23, thanks to a lingering snowpack from a wet winter.
Beginner runs will not be available, representatives said in a statement.
“Since we still have all the snow still on the mountain we decided to open up for a day so our guests can enjoy it,” said Boreal marketing director Jon Slaughter.
The resort plans to have the run open from 9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. Saturday and will have rental and retail equipment available. Lift tickets will cost $25 for ages 13 and up, and $15 for children ages 5-12.
On with the show …
Part 1: The 2010 bailout — who did it benefit?
It is terribly easy to get confused about patterns of exposure to Greece from European banks, because the statistics at the time were reported every which way, and the fact that three of the biggest banks in Greece were owned by foreign entities meant that the consolidated numbers were often heavily distorted. (For the record, at the time of the May 2010 bailout, Emporiki was owned by Credit Agricole, Geniki was owned by SocGen and EFG Eurobank was owned by the Latsis family, via a family holding company with a banking licence in Geneva). You can see that the headings on this contemporary table put together by the BIS have a scattering of footnotes indicating various data issues — however, they accord with what the banks themselves were telling investors at the time, and I think these numbers are broadly correct. For the purposes of this analysis, I will go with about EUR25bn in Germany, and about EUR27bn in France.
“Public sector “ is the line to look at here. Note the big number for France in “Non-bank private” — that shows that it includes the big subsidiaries
Data for domestic bank holdings is made a lot easier by the heroic work of Sylvia Merler and Jean Pisani-Ferry at Bruegel, who have put together a comprehensive time series for government bond ownership. As of Q1 2010, the Breugel dataset records Greek domestic banks (OMFIs, column G in the spreadsheet) as holding just under EUR40bn of government debt.
It is not clear — and probably impossible to know — to what extent this EUR40bn figure double-counts the government bonds held by Emporiki and Geniki, but for reasons to be discussed below, I don't think that matters so much.
So we can say the following things, just from the data:
1) The majority of Greek government bonds were held by non-Greek residents — Merler & Pisani-Ferry reckon about 72%.
2) However, the Greek domestic banking system was far and away the largest single holder, almost as much as French and German banks put together
We also know:
3) French banks, in particular, had a lot of their Greek government exposure through subsidiaries, and could at least in principle have reduced their losses in the event of a Greek government default by taking advantage of limited liability.
4) When we compared the GGB exposures to total capital and reserves, we can see that the Greek domestic banking system in April 2010 had EUR39.1bn of reserves, while the French system had EUR463.9bn and the German had EUR368.4bn.
Probably better to just check out the dataset at the link rather than suffer this adventure in Microsoft Paint. Figures for Q1 2010.
In other words, a write-off of all Greek government debt would have been a deep flesh wound for the German and French banks (around 6-7% of total capital), but a complete wipe-out for the Greek banks (just under 100% of capital and reserves).
Don't take the calculations in point 4 above too seriously. It's always a bad idea to divide numbers from different datasets, and it's also not really possible to aggregate capital across banking sectors this way — if all the capital is in Bank A but all the GGB exposure is in Bank B, then you can't set one off against another. But the general order-of-magnitude is about right and accords with my understanding of the position when I was a professional bank analyst back in 2010. The French and German banks would certainly prefer not to have lost the money, but could take it (with the possible exception of Commerzbank, which had very weak capital and large exposures). The Greek banks, on the other hand, would have been bust immediately.
So I think the more incendiary rhetoric — anything claiming that the 2010 bailout was a con-trick that was only organised to prevent a state bailout of the French and German banks — can't be stood up. Nonetheless, I do think there's a lot of truth to the view that a strong motivation for the bailout was to preserve financial stability in Europe.
The Lehman syndrome …
… Because this is all complicated stuff. I barely understood it myself at the time, and I was working on a team of eight professionals who won every European equity research award going that year, largely for our work on the crisis. It was really not easy to dig down into the disclosures and work out which banks were OK and which weren't.
For this reason, if you'd had a “sudden stop” in the form of a major credit loss on Greek exposure, it's entirely possible that you would have a situation similar to September 2008, in which banks just stopped lending to one another. There actually was a mini-crisis later in 2010 and into 2011, when the US money market mutual fund industry decided to reduce its exposures to Europe. The authorities were scared of another meltdown in money markets — which would not in any way have been quarantined to Europe, any more than Lehman was kept in the USA — and a consequent second credit crunch. It can't be denied that this was a large part of the motivation for wanting a solution to be found which delayed any day of reckoning on Greek debt until the financial system was in better shape to bear it.
So, it wasn't really about helping Greece then? Well, I think that's an odd way to look at it. As they tell you before takeoff in every single aeroplane flight, it is important to make sure that your own oxygen mask is correctly fitted before trying to help others. At that point in time, Greece was completely dependent on its Eurozone partners (and the IMF) to finance its budget.
A financial collapse and credit crunch in Europe would have very severely impaired their ability to dedicate either political or financial capital to that end. If you think that the support in 2010–11 to funding Greece's primary deficit was miserly, imagine what kind of package might have got through the Bundestag in the aftermath of a financial collapse that put Germany back into a double-dip as deep as its 2008 recession, and which would have looked very much as if it was Greece that had caused it. Not only was it not an unreasonable priority for European policymakers to want to avert a financial crisis in Europe, in my view it's pretty clear that their doing so made it possible to help Greece more, not less, than if such a crisis had happened.
So, concluding part 1, I think it's sensible to say that:
1. The primary motivation for the 2010 bailout was, indeed, preserving European financial stability
2. But this was not in any way inconsistent with getting the best outcome for Greece
3. A Greek government default, considered as an alternative solution, would have done much more damage to Greek banks than any other country's
4. Specifically, theories under which the entire motivation was to protect France and/or Germany from having to bail out their domestic banks aren't sustainable at all.
Coming soon … How possible would it have been to finance Greece's program without the Eurogroup?
[1] It can certainly be argued that talking about “the creditors” here is a sneaky trick. A further criticism of the 2010 bailout is that it allowed private sector creditors a window of opportunity to get out of the trade, ensuring that by the time the PSI came around, and certainly by the time the reprofiling arrived, Greece largely had nothing but public sector creditors. I can see why German taxpayers and IMF shareholders might have wanted private sector entities to take a bigger lump of the pain, but in my view this was a necessary precondition to any sensible management of the Greek debt burden. Greece, in my opinion, has certainly done a lot better by having its restructuring negotiations handled by political entities which are capable of providing further financing, than having its debt in the hands of a motley crew of holdouts and vulture funds.
It looks like Sony has plans to roll out the Sony Xperia Z Lollipop update shortly and the update should be available some time next week.
The news was confirmed by the official Twitter account of Sony Philippines which responded to a question from an owner of the handset, you can see the tweet below.
@JVNML13 sorry please disregard our tweet before, Lollipop update for Xperia Z will start rolling out by next week — Sony Philippines (@SonyPHinc) May 4, 2015
The Android Lollipop update will bring a wide range of new features to the Sony Xperia Z which includes Google's Material Design.
As soon as we get some more details on the exact release date of the Android Lollipop update for the Sony Xperia Z smartphone, we will let you guys know.
Source Xperia Blog
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
Kansas City, Missouri – The MHAF Board of Directors is pleased to announce the Order of Play for the January 13, 2017 Winter Storm Piping and Drumming Contests.
Order of Play – Winter Storm 2017
Order of Play is subject to change. Contest start times and venues to be announced.
McCallum Bagpipes & MidWest Pipe Band Association
United States Silver Medal Piobaireachd Competition
Avens Ridgeway Batesville, Arkansas
Lance Dorris Wheat Ridge, Colorado
David Mason Cincinnati, Ohio
Robert Minnear Atlanta, Georgia
Bobby Durning Peabody, Massachusetts
Steven Tripp Richmond Hill, Ontario
Bill Peters Thunder Bay, Ontario
Alastair Murray Moon Township, Pennsylvania
Palmer Shonk Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Ryan Balchuck Littleton, Colorado
Daniel Cole Schenectady, New York
Mary Wallace Richmond, Virginia
Josh McFarlane Brighton, Ontario
Kate Kimove Cole Harbour, Nova Scotia
Andrew Douglas Rensselaer, New York
Zephan Knichel White Rock, British Columbia
David McNally Independence, Missouri
Joseph Stewart Seattle, Washington
James Dyson Dartmouth, Nova Scotia
Dan Lyden Timonium, Maryland
John Lee Surrey, British Columbia
James Feeney Simsbury, Connecticut
Elizabeth Sheridan Toronto, Ontario
Sean Regan Woodstock, Virginia
Jack Williamson Topeka, Kansas
Alan B. Clark Finch, Ontario
Austin Diepenhorst Santee, California
Teddy Krogh Anchorage, Alaska
Andrew Wilson Dromore, N. Ireland
Alexander Schiele Snohomish, Washington
Katie Buckland Dartmouth, Nova Scotia
Robyn Gray Calgary, Alberta
Peter Skae Old Tappan, New Jersey
Maeghan Bielski Middleboro, Massachusetts
Judges:
Ian K. MacDonald
Fred Morrison
Midwest Highland Arts Fund
Amateur & Gold Medal Tenor Drumming Championships
Novice
Fiona McCall Stirlingshire, Scotland
Fiona Stapleton Deer Park, New York
Kathryn Byzewski Minneapolis, Minnesota
Kiera O'Higgins Madison, Wisconsin
Brynn Bishop Westminster, Colorado
Intermediate
Lorna McGonigal Bloomfield, New Jersey
Celeste Neary South Abington Township, Pennsylvania
Seton Helwig Seaside Park, New Jersey
Courtney Green Gurnee, Illinois
Dawn Meade Eldersburg, Maryland
Martina Murphy Angier, North Carolina
Gold Medal
Samuel Johnson Baltimore, Maryland
Anna Fritschij Winnipeg, Manitoba
Owen Russell St. Paul, Minnesota
Brianna McDonald West Dundee, Illinois
Shanna McDonald West Dundee, Illinois
Taylor Page Hamilton, Ontario
Jordan Bailie Newtondards, N. Ireland
Michelle Blam Chicago, Illinois
Judges:
Kahlil Cappuccino
Stevie McQuillan
Michael O'Neil
Princeton Reimbursement Group – Midwest Highland Arts Fund
Amateur Bass Drumming Championships and
Gold Medal Bass Drumming Championship
Novice
Donovan Burke Houston, Texas
Intermediate
Doug Matthews Toronto, Ontario
Jay Jolley Omaha, Nebraska
Alexandra Schmitz St. Paul, Minnesota
Sheila Loucks Eagan, Minnesota
Gold Medal
Ben Elkins Falls Church, Virginia
Cliff Davis Topeka, Kansas
Harry Meade Eldersburg, Maryland
Rich Wilkins Dana Point, California
Judges:
Kahlil Cappuccino
Stevie McQuillan
Johnny Rowe
Lee & Sons Bagpipes – Midwest Highland Arts Fund
North American Amateur Ceol Beag Competition
Grade 3
Duncan Winters Grand Junction, Colorado
Meridith Richmond St. Paul, Minnesota
Jamie Reynolds Salt Lake City, Utah
Stephen Anderson Christiana, Tennessee
Linda Robertson Bakersfield, California
Aedan Cannon Savannah, Georgia
Bryce Boan Sherwood Park, Alberta
Thomas Stapleton Deer Park, New York
Jaron Park Springfield, Illinois
Luke Ashton Alma, Michigan
Shawn McDonald West Dundee, Illinois
Calum MacKinnon Fall River, Nova Scotia
Mark Pennings Sioux City, Iowa
Liam Nunes Wilbraham, Massachusetts
Emily Smith Houston, Texas
Steven Ricotta Upland, California
Rhys O'Higgins Madison, Wisconsin
Kevin Watkins Silver Spring, Maryland
Grade 2
Doug Hamilton Dartmouth, Nova Scotia
Kevin Darmadi Houston, Texas
Charles Morris Agoura Hills, California
Henry McCarthy San Diego, California
Filemon Tan Bellaire, Texas
Tak Tang Minneapolis, Minnesota
Robert Lies St. Paul, Minnesota
Jack O'Connell Hudson, New York
Derek Reed Bono, Arkansas
Patrick Higgins Buffalo Grove, Illinois
Andrew C. Robertson Frankford, Ontario
Jacob Shelton Golden, Colorado
Tripp Bishop Westminster, Colorado
David Wallace Westminster, Colorado
Judge:
Terry Lee
Grade 1
Charlie O'Keefe St. John's, Newfoundland
Tony Adkins Cary, North Carolina
Caleb Thibodeau St. Tecumseh, Ontario
Mary Grace McCool Alpharetta, Georgia
Patrick MacDonald St. John's, Newfoundland
Bonnie Hamilton Harbor Springs, Michigan
Nathan Wilds Tolono, Illinois
Joseph Biggs Villa Park, Illinois
Karen MacLean Fall River, Nova Scotia
Laureano Thomas-Sanchez Parma, Ohio
Griffin Hall Overland Park, Kansas
Blaise Theriault Halifax, Nova Scotia
Shane Culleton Astoria, New York
Tony Karcz Arlington Heights, Illinois
Steven MacDonald Winter Garden, Florida
Ryan Hicks Detroit, Michigan
Judge:
Alex MacIntyre
Midwest Highland Arts Fund North American Amateur Piobaireachd Championships
Presented by Airstream Blowpipes
Grade 3
Steven Ricotta Upland, California
Jamie Reynolds Salt Lake City, Utha
Stephen Anderson Christiana, Tennessee
Linda Robertson Bakersfield, California
Kevin Watkins Silver Spring, Maryland
Thomas Stapleton Deer Park, New York
Steve Kidwell Kansas City, Missouri
Luke Ashton Alma, Michigan
Shawn McDonald West Dundee, Illinois
Calum MacKinnon Fall River, Nova Scotia
Emily Smith Houston, Texas
Duncan Winters Grand Junction, Colorado
Rhys O'Higgins Madison, Wisconsin
Aedan Cannon Savannah, Georgia
Sydney Howieson St. Paul, Minnesota
Grade 2
Robert Lies St. Paul, Minnesota
Filemon Tan Bellaire, Texas
Joseph Biggs Villa Park, Illinois
Derek Reed Bono, Arkansas
Kevin Darmadi Houston, Texas
David Wallace Westminster, Colorado
Doug Hamilton Dartmouth, Nova Scotia
Henry McCarthy San Diego, California
Charles Morris Agoura Hills, California
Grade 1
Caleb Thibodeau Tecumseh, Ontario
Mary Grace McCool Alpharetta, Georgia
Tak Tang Minneapolis, Minnesota
Bonnie Hamilton Harbor Springs, Michigan
Nathan Wilds Tolona, Illinois
Karen MacLean Fall River, Nova Scotia
Laureano Thomas-Sanchez Parma, Ohio
Griffin Hall Overland Park, Kansas
Blaise Theriault Halifax, Nova Scotia
Steven MacDonald Winter Garden, Florida
Tony Adkins Cary, North Carolina
Judge: Ann Gray
Henderson's Pipe and Drum Supply – Midwest Highland Arts Fund
North American Professional Ceol Beag Competition
Robyn Gray Calgary, Alberta
Jamie Cuthill Golden, Colorado
Nick Hudson Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
David Mason Cincinnati, Ohio
Joseph Stewart Seattle, Washington
Zephan Knichel White Rock, British Columbia
Mary Wallace Richmond, Virginia
Matt Pantaleoni St. Louis, Missouri
Maeghan Bielski Middleboro, Massachusetts
Peter Skae Old Tappan, New Jersey
John Lee Surrey, British Columbia
Alastair Lee Coquitlam, British Columbia
Andrew Wilson Dromore, N. Ireland
Jack Williamson Topeka, Kansas
Doug MacRae London, Ontario
James Feeney Simsbury, Connecticut
Andrew Lee Port Coquitlam, British Columbia
Bill Peters Thunder Bay, Ontario
Alastair Murray Moon Township, Pennsylvania
Glenn Brown Glasgow, Scotland
Andrew Donlon Germantown, Maryland
Jori Chisholm Seattle, Washington
Sean Regan Woodstock, Virginia
Ryan Balchuck Littleton, Colorado
Kate Kimove Cole Harbour, Nova Scotia
Ben McClamrock Washington, District of Columbia
James P. Troy Victoria, British Columbia
Jeff Cullen Fullerton, California
Kyle Rothschild-Mancinelli Woodside, California
Andrew Douglas Rensselaer, New York
Robert Minnear Atlanta, Georgia
Alex Gandy Dartmouth, Nova Scotia
Derek Midgley Tinton Falls, New Jersey
Ken Sutherland Menlo Park, California
Avens Ridgeway Batesville, Arkansas
Alexander Schiele Snohomish, Washington
Katie Buckland Dartmouth, Nova Scotia
Campbell Webster Concord, New Hampshire
Robbie Beaton Scotia, New York
James Dyson Dartmouth, Nova Scotia
Andrew Lewis St. Paul, Minnesota
David McNally Independence, Missouri
Dan Lyden Timonium, Maryland
Teddy Krogh Anchorage, Alaska
Alan B. Clark Finch, Ontario
Lance Dorris Wheat Ridge, Colorado
Elizabeth Sheridan Toronto, Ontario
Austin Diepenhorst Santee, California
Lyric Todkill Houston, Texas
Andrew Carlisle Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Qualifier Judges:
Ken Eller
Terry Tully
Final Judges:
Colin MacLellan
Richard Parkes, MBE
Cameron Drumming Studios – Midwest Highland Arts Fund
North American Amateur Drumming Championships
Grade 3
Joseph Zappa Silver Spring, Maryland
Ken Decker Columbus, Ohio
Raymond Marshall Fort Collins, Colorado
Sebastian Arguelles Houston, Texas
Ian McDonald West Dundee, Illinois
Sanjay Philip Houston, Texas
Joe Barnes-Tamari Bensenville, Illinois
Anna Oyler Lyndon, Kansas
Patrick MacIntyre Sherwood Park, Alberta
Terrence Li Houston, Texas
Grade 2
Shane Stapleton Deer Park, New York
Matthew Darmadi Houston, Texas
Robert Monroe Cornelius, North Carolina
Andrew Ryan San Mateo, California
Garrett Harpainter Madera, California
Paul Arsenault Guelph, Ontario
Winston Murdoch Bangor, N. Ireland
Maggie Bishop Westminster, Colorado
Daniel Evans West End, North Carolina
Grade 1
Adam Tardif Niagara Falls, Ontario
Chris Griffin Musquodoboit Harbour, Nova Scotia
Blair Beaton Scotia, New York
Cameron McCall Stirlingshire, Scotland
Donn Pratt Lake Stevens, Washington
Robert Graham Everett, Washington
Thomas Sloan Pierce Calgary, Alberta
Kyle Bisset Winnipeg, Manitoba
Craig Weston Winnipeg, Manitoba
Tom Cuming Toronto, Ontario
Alexandrea Bieschke Glendora, California
Bryce Kreger Seattle, Washington
Matthew Page Hamilton, Ontario
Ian Bielski Middleboro, Massachusetts
Peter Buxman St. Paul, Minnesota
Conrad Li Houston, Texas
Judges:
Stephen Creighton
Paul Turner
Henderson's Pipe and Drum Supply – Midwest Highland Arts Fund
North American Gold Medal Drumming Championship
Jack McClamrock Washington, District of Columbia
Viv Stapleton New York, New York
Scott Fletcher Bridgewater, Massachusetts
Gleren Meneghin New York, New York
Kyle Wallis Coquitlam, British Columbia
Grant Maxwell Surrey, British Columbia
Harvey Dawson Toronto, Ontario
James P. Troy Victoria, British Columbia
Blair Brown Bellaire, Texas
Eli Fugate San Diego, California
Derek Cooper Warminster, Pennsylvania
Richard Baughman Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Glen Creighton Newbridge, Ireland
Duncan Mcpherson Sacremento, California
Alex Wright Hilliard, Ohio
Jeremy Keddy Dartmouth, Nova Scotia
Marcus Wenlock Magherafelt, Ireland
Graham Brown Bellaire, Texas
Joe Kiah Trenton, Ontario
Bill Saul Red Deer, Alberta
Cameron Bolley Clarkston, Michigan
Mike Jett Victorville, California
John Henderson Fife, Scotland
Judges:
Qualifier-
Duncan Millar
Doug Stronach
Jim Sim
Final-
Hugh Cameron
John Fisher
Jake Jørgensen
R.G. Hardie & Co. – Midwest Highland Arts Fund
United States Gold Medal Piobaireachd Competition
Ben McClamrock Washington, District of Columbia
Kyle Rothschild-Mancinelli Woodside, California
Andrew Lewis St. Paul, Minnesota
Alex Gandy Dartmouth, Nova Scotia
Glenn Brown Glasgow, Scotland
Matt Pantaleoni St. Louis, Missouri
James P. Troy Victoria, British Columbia
Andrew Carlisle Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Derek Midgley Tinton Falls, New Jersey
Ken Sutherland Menlo Park, California
Nick Hudson Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Alastair Lee Coquitlam, British Columbia
Edward MacIlwaine Vancouver, British Columbia
Robbie Beaton Scotia, New York
Jori Chisholm Seattle, Washington
Lyric Todkill Houston, Texas
Andrew Lee Port Coquitlam, British Columbia
Andrew Donlon Germantown, Maryland
Doug MacRae London, Ontario
Judges:
Callum Beaumont
Brian Donaldson
I HAVE been in Uzbekistan, Central Asia's most populous and in many ways most crucial state. Every day I've been struck by the contrast between an exuberant young population and a mirthless Soviet-era regime. I hope to write about that once I'm out of the country.
For now, I'll touch on the Aral Sea. Nineteenth-century travellers pinched themselves when on the horizon they saw wooden schooners gliding across the steppe, Russian ships on the Aral Sea. One of my regrets was not being able to gaze upon the more modern fishing boats of the Aral Sea, or at rather upon the boats cresting the sand dunes where the sea used to be. Short of billing my editor for a day's helicopter charter, I didn't have the chance this time to make the long journey out to investigate.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Still, the ghost of the Aral Sea has hung over many a conversation in the capital, Tashkent. Once the world's fourth largest inland sea, king cotton and the command economy have done for it in a few short decades, with its volume falling by more than three-quarters.
Two rivers once fed the Aral Sea, the Amu Darya (the Oxus of the Ancient Greeks) and the Syr Darya (named after one of the four rivers of paradise). Now these run into the sands before reaching it. The Uzbek shore has fled some 200 kilometres (125 miles) north. By 2007 the Aral Sea had divided into three diminished and saline lakes. Last year the south-eastern lake vanished. A fishing industry that once employed 40,000 has vanished too, along with the fish and indeed an entire flora and fauna.
Every year five Central Asian states meet to discuss how to rescue the Aral Sea. In 2000 UNESCO produced a “water-related vision” for reviving the sea. The World Bank has restoration projects. But one development expert I spoke to in Tashkent, who has a deep attachment to the Aral Sea and Uzbekistan's adjacent region of Karakalpakstan, says the sea is “beyond redemption”. If the Amu Darya ran at full flow, they say, it would take 75 years for the sea to refill.
As it is, both rivers continue to be diverted, constricted, bled, channelled and forced into a surrounding desert ripped up to make way for cotton fields. The tragedy is that Uzbekistan's agriculture still runs on Soviet lines, and cotton is approved as Karakalpakstan's saviour.
The reality is that the region has no future at all. The Aral Sea's disappearance has led to drier summers and harsher winters. Soils grow ever more saline, and cotton yields only fall. An island once used by the Soviet Union for testing biological and chemical weapons is now a peninsula. Sandstorms whip up toxic dusts that poison locals and that have been deposited as far away as the East China Sea.
Uzbekistan's 400,000-odd Karakalpaks (literally, Black Hats), a Turkic people that traditionally herded and fished, once had a striking culture. They are now the poorest group in Uzbekistan, and many are destitute. Children are sent out to pick the cotton at harvest time.
Aid donors and NGOs, which the regime tolerates in this part of the country more than elsewhere, attempt to improve the Karakalpaks' plight. But the development expert I spoke to in Tashkent says that such plans, like those for saving the Aral Sea itself, were doomed to failure, so ruined is the land. If you had $50m, they say, it would be better to spend it moving the Karakalpaks to a more salubrious place, even at the cost of destroying an ancient and remarkable people's links to their land. Karakalpakstan, however much was spent on the region, “will be on life support for ever.”
Most journalists covering development are brought up to think in terms of “solutions”—The Economist would hardly be in business if it didn't have prescriptions. So it comes as a shock to be persuaded that human folly and hubris on this monstrous a scale has, in just my lifetime, devastated such a big chunk of Asia. Now only nature and time, probably on a geological scale, have any hope of redeeming it.
Presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE pays women on their campaign staff about 35 percent less than men, according to an analysis by the Boston Globe.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Globe analyzed the April payrolls for both Trump's campaign and that of likely Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
It found that women make up about 28 percent of Trump's staff and made an average of about $4,500 in April, while men made nearly $6,100. Two of the 15 highest-paid employees were women.
In the Clinton camp, women make up slightly more than half of their staff and made an average of $3,710 in April. Men made an average of $3,760. The nearly 50-50 gender split on their staff translated to the 15 highest-paid workers, with eight men and seven women topping the payroll.
Clinton's team is also far more diverse racially, with about one-third of their staff made up of minorities. Minorities account for only about 9 percent of Trump's team.
Clinton's campaign is much larger, consisting of about 670 workers who made more than $1,000 in April to Trump's 113.
Both Clinton and Democratic primary rival Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE have frequently addressed the nationwide pay gap between men and women while on the campaign trail, and Clinton has used Trump's attacks on them playing "the woman's card" to paint them as sexist.
“TRAINSPOTTING” was the best British film of the 1990s. Based on the novel of the same name by Irvine Welsh (a book one reviewer said deserved to sell more copies than the Bible), it told the interlaced stories of young working-class men from Leith, a then-rough area east of Edinburgh. “Trainspotting” made a star of Ewan McGregor, and showcased the vivid and frenetic style that Danny Boyle, the director, would use in later films like “Slumdog Millionaire”.
Upon its release in 1996, some critics claimed that “Trainspotting” glamorised drugs. It was an odd thing to say about a film that showed, in graphic detail, the effects of a heroin overdose as well as its withdrawal symptoms. It showed the cold corpse of a baby that had died as a result of neglect by its addict parents. One character, Tommy, dies from AIDS after contracting HIV from sharing an infected needle. True, “Trainspotting” showed a few highs as well as the many lows. But only a Puritan would think it made light of the heroin and HIV epidemic that swept through Edinburgh in the 1980s.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
That “Trainspotting” was set in the 1980s is often forgotten. Released into the milieu of Britpop and New Labour, the film is seen as emblematic of the “Cool Britannia” years when British popular culture swaggered its way back into relevance. That is certainly true. “Trainspotting” did the world's cinemagoers a service by showing that a British film could be successful without having to cast Hugh Grant. It gave lives—real, witty, complex, lives—to those dismissed as deadbeats. The hedonism and aspiration of its characters chimes with the songs of Oasis. The famous coda in which Mark Renton, the protagonist played by Mr McGregor, says they will “Choose Life” would have made them a target voter for Tony Blair's revival of the British Labour party.
But while the tone of the film reeked of the 1990s its characters came of age in the previous decade. They listen to Iggy Pop, not Blur or Pulp. They are children of Thatcher, not of Blair. Diane, with whom Renton has sex before realising that they are a schoolgirl, tells them that “the world is changing, music is changing, even drugs are changing.” Even then Renton and their pals had a sense of time slipping away.
That is worth remembering when considering “T2 Trainspotting”, which is loosely based on “Porno”, Mr Welsh's follow-up novel from 2002. In the sequel, rather than avoid the past, Mr Boyle has their characters haunted by it. Scenes deliberately ape those of the first film: Renton runs on a treadmill (rather than down a street); Francis Begbie re-enacts a violent encounter. Wistful chords of songs from the first film's soundtrack add to the mood of a time that can be imagined but not returned to. “You live in the past,” Renton is told. And so too do those watching. Mr Boyle toys with our desperation for this film to match the first. It does not; but it is great.
[video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsozpEE543w width:595 autoplay:0]
The plot is simple. After 20 years in Amsterdam choosing life (or at least a job in “stock management solutions”) and not taking heroin, Renton has returned to Edinburgh. There live one friend (Spud, who is still using), one frenemy (Sick Boy, a cocaine addict who aspires to be a pimp) and one enemy (Francis Begbie, a sadistically violent criminal on the run from prison). It is the first time they meet them since running off with £12,000 from a drug deal two decades ago. In part because they fancy Veronika, a Bulgarian wannabe-madam playing with Sick Boy's affection, Renton decides not to return to Holland. Instead they agree to help Sick Boy win a European Union grant to “refurbish” (convert into a brothel) a down-at-heel local pub. But has Sick Boy really forgiven him? And will the seething Begbie find him?
Like any homecoming there are moments when life and friendship feel like they once were. These now middle-aged men have fleeting moments of youth-like abandon. After a successful (and hilarious) robbery of members of a sectarian Protestant club in Glasgow it seems as if Renton and Sick Boy have made up. They even persuade the EU that the Port Sunshine boozer must be part of the gentrification of Leith.
But the high wears off, and their powers—financial, sexual and emotional—reach new ebbs. They watch as a new generation seem to have it better than they did; their choices are only between “Facebook, Twitter, Instagram”. In their own ways the characters slowly realise that they have made irreversible choices. They may want to revisit them but they cannot. It hurts.
Although there are a few raucous scenes, “T2 Trainspotting” does not shock like the original. How could it? At times Mr Boyle and John Hodge, the screenwriter, try too hard to stitch the two together. When Renton launches into a new “Choose Life” monologue it feels overly contrived. But “T2 Trainspotting” is still a thoughtful, funny and moving piece of cinema. It demonstrates that the most addictive thing of all is the past.
“T2 Trainspotting” is screening in Britain now and in America from March 17th
The D-List star still doesn't understand why their bloody photo shoot rubbed everyone the wrong way.
Pin Share Reddit 11 Shares
Kathy Griffin is sorry that she's sorry. And this time they mean it. Really.
Griffin is on a new media tour. Call it the Anti-Apology Offensive.
The comedian drew flack earlier this year for holding President Trump's bloody head in the air as part of an edgy photo shoot. The moment took plenty of planning, complete with a wink-wink release of the visual to TMZ.com.
Then reality hit. Hard. Just about everyone blasted the stunt. Condemnation came from all sides. What Griffin expected to be an easy publicity hit went south.
So they apologized. Groveled. Then they lawyered up.
Griffin appeared at a disastrous press conference days later. They played the Victim Card and whined against the Trump clan. It's all their fault, they said. Their immediate family is being mean to me!
No one, not even the left-leaning USA Today, bought Griffin's defense. So they went away for a spell. Licked them wounds.
Now, she's back. And they want you all to know they aren't sorry in the first place.
It's OK. We didn't believe you the first time. The politically correct culture your ideological team created forced you to do it.
But since that hasn't resurrected their career as planned, Griffin is fighting back. Here are snippets from their new interview with TheCut.com. The excerpts show they haven't learned much from their self-inflicted career wound.
Example 1: She's Bad at Political Commentary
“[Trump] said there are some good Nazis, and he's kicking out young adults who were brought here as kids by their parents, and I'm the one who has to continue to apologize?”
Actually, you should apologize for twisting the President's words. They said there were good people at the Charlottesville march who stood against taking down Confederate statues. That's a highly debatable remark, but it doesn't mean they condone Nazism.
Example 2: Truth to Power MIA for Eight Years
“Comics by their nature are anti-Establishment. They are charged with the often unenviable task of going after people in power. I will never abdicate that responsibility.”
Griffin and their colleagues don't really mean this. Or rather they mean it only if a Republican is in the White House. Comedians like Griffin sat on their hands when President Barack Obama was in charge, lying about health care, stoking racial fires and leading from behind on the world stage.
Example 3: They Ignore the Big, Big Difference
“I am in a position of privilege, I will be fine,” they say. “But what about any American citizen, whether they're artists or not, who innocently post a shocking photo on social media — will they face a federal investigation?
Well, yes. If the image threatens the President. They still don't understand why their visual was so different, so very wrong, that it united a deeply divided culture in the process. It's on par with Dan Rather carrying on with their journalism career as if they never promoted fraudulent documents aimed at a sitting president.
Example 4: What About Antifa? College Censors?
Griffin says they want to focus on First Amendment issues now. She's hoping to organize a First Amendment concert with the ACLU, and she's working on a documentary film of their upcoming international tour, as well as a docu-series, although none of these projects has come to fruition yet.
Great news! Now, can you share a syllable about artists being attacked for their lack of “woke-ness?” What about the HBO show “Confederate” under attack before the first episode airs? Maybe rush to the aid of conservatives physically assaulted on college campuses nationwide? Until then, your First Amendment shtick is funnier than your material.
Mobile Passport Control is the first authorized app from U.S. Customers and Border Protection, intended to speed up a traveler's arrival into the United States. It's now available at 23 airports and the Port in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. (Photo: KOMO News)
SEA-TAC AIRPORT, Wash. - It's noontime at Sea-Tac Airport and for most international flights, that's rush hour.
While midday lines tend to be the shortest at the ticket counters, lines of passengers waiting to clear passport control zig-zag in the windowless and secure basement of the South Terminal.
But, Ann and Haley Damian of Eugene, Ore. were able to bypass those long lines, go straight to baggage claim in the secure area, and pass though customs using a free app called Mobile Passport Control.
“It was great, you just get to go past all those lines up there, go right down get your luggage,” said Ann Damian.
Them daughter, Haley, said it took five minutes to answer all the declaration questions and scan their passport while they were waiting to get off the plane from Paris.
Mobile Passport Control is the first authorized app from U.S. Customs and Border Protection, intended to speed up a traveler's arrival into the United States. It's free and it's a time saver, especially during the international rush hours.
It's available only to U.S. and Canadian citizens.
Travelers voluntarily scan their passport's barcode using the camera on a smart phone or tablet, then answer the typical inspection-related questions asked at the Automated Passport Control kiosks. The app allows travelers to avoid the lines at those kiosks and the passport check that follows.
“First, It's to help the passengers complete the administrative tasks prior to arriving and secondly to assist officers to be more focus just on the inspection,” said Monyr Thabet, Chief CBP officer at Sea-Tac Airport.
Travelers who successfully use the app will no longer have to complete the typical paper declaration form or use an APC kiosk.
As for security, the QR code the app generates for CBP to scan is only good for four hours, and a visual inspection of the traveler's passport is required when interviewed by the CBP officer. All data is deleted off the phone when the traveler clears customs.
Aside from Sea-Tac Airport, the app can be used at 22 other airports in the United States and Puerto Rico, and the cruise terminal in Ft. Lauderdale, Fla.
Android and iPhone users can download the Mobile Passport app for free from the Google Play Store and Apple App Store.
Image copyright Moviestore/REX/Shutterstock Image caption We hope it's a requirement that audience members wear pink on Wednesdays
Tina Fey has announced that the Broadway adaptation of Mean Girls will open in April 2018.
It's adapted from the hit 2004 teen comedy and Fey, who appeared in the film, is one of the writers.
The date was revealed in a Twitter video featuring the actor and preview dates were also announced.
It is one of the most anticipated upcoming Broadway shows, along with musical versions of Frozen and Spongebob Squarepants.
Saturday Night Live's Lorne Michaels is producing the show, whilst Aladdin and The Book of Mormon's Casey Nicholaw is directing.
Fey spoke on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon back in May about the cast, saying: "These kids are so talented, we have the cast now and have been rehearsing for a month.
"They're like a bunch of baby Timberlakes, these kids can do everything."
Mark Waters' film is considered to have a cult following, whilst many of the phrases in the film are iconic among teens and young adults.
The high-profile team behind the musical are hoping to bring some of this magic to the musical adaptation.
Michaels has talked about the upcoming musical with The New York Times, saying: "There are lots of things you can do better in a musical... the characters are fuller."
Although updated with more modern references, Mean Girls will follow the plot of the movie that provided memorable roles for actores Lindsay Lohan, Rachel McAdams and Lizzy Caplan.
The storyline follows the teenage Cady, who returns to the US after time abroad and finds themselves forced to navigate the various cliques of American high school.
The production has already announced a cast that includes Kerry Butler, who has appeared on Broadway in Hairspray and Little Shop of Horrors, as well as Erika Henningsen who is known for their Broadway role in Les Miserables.
It was announced on Wednesday that Mean Girls will be playing in the August Wilson Theatre, with previews beginning March 12, 2018 and an opening night of April 8, 2018.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Recently, a huge security vulnerability was discovered in AirDroid app by mobile security company Zimperium. The security company released details of several major security vulnerabilities in AirDroid that allows attackers to access user information and even execute code on a user's phone. AirDroid acknowledged the problem and released an updated version 4.0, only to find out later that the update had the same issues as before. This was an alarming revelation that prompted AirDroid to publish a blog post announcing “You deserve our explanation with full transparency” and telling users and readers that it cares deeply about their security and privacy. The blog post requested the users to bear with AirDroid until an update with fixes is made available.
And now, Betty Chen, Chief Marketing Officer of AirDroid has written to Mobipicker telling that the staged roll-out of latest AirDroid update has been completed on Google Play Store. The latest version – Mobile 4.0.0.3, Mac/Win 3.3.5.3 – is now available for all users. This update, the CMO tells, improves the encryption mechanism as planned and fixes the issue regarding the recent concern over AirDroid's security vulnerabilities.
AirDroid Update Fixes Security Issues
Along with security improvements, the AirDroid team has upgraded the communication channels to https and improved the encryption method. Because of AirDroid's cross-platform nature, it took the developers some time to design a customized solution and level up the security in all aspects. The team had introduced the restructuring coding system into AirDroid 4.0 and AirDroid 4.0.0.1 to ensure compatibility works fine across all platforms late in November. After a careful assessment, AirDroid has started to roll out this update partially beginning this month across clients to make sure smooth communication works perfectly. Now, AirDroid has revealed that it can finally release this update to fully fix the issue raised and ensure users are better protected.
AirDroid To Keep Improving
Betty Chen has admitted that AirDroid only scratches the surface when it comes to security. With the rise in cyberattacks, it's important that AirDroid keeps working on the existing project to improve security and protect the users better from future possible threats. The CMO has made it clear that it's always AirDroid's first priority to look ahead to the rigorousness of cybersecurity and to further refine AirDroid's functionality for AirDroid users, bringing delight to their multi-screen lives.
Hundreds of thousands have flooded the streets of Chechen capital of Grozny in a rally against the publication of the Prophet Muhammad by Charlie Hebdo magazine. The demo, dubbed “Love to Prophet Mohammed,” was organized by region's clerics.
About 1 million people, residents of Chechnya and other Russian Caucasus republics, gathered for the rally, the Interior Ministry press service said.Orthodox priests, mostly from the neighboring republics, have also arrived for the demonstration.
Thousands of balloons were sent into the air at the beginning of the rally.
The protesters were carrying banners, saying “We love Prophet Mohammed,” “No to Mohammed cartoons,” “Islam is a religion of peace and creation.”
Participants at the rally said Muslims should not respond to provocations. “Violence is not the method,” one of their slogans said.
The crowd gathered near the "The Heart of Chechnya," one of the biggest mosques in Russia.
READ MORE: Chechen leader condemns Prophet Muhammad cartoons, announces massive rally
The head of the Chechen Republic, Ramzan Kadyrov, told the crowd that Islam was a region of peace and Russian Muslims won't let use them to destabilize the situation in the country.
“We are announcing to the whole world that Muslims won't let use them to destabilize the situation in the country. We have always been reliable protectors of Russia. And now [we] are capable of giving a fitting rebuff to any enemy of our Homeland.”
По сообщению МВД Чечни, в митинге против карикатур на пророка Мухаммеда в Грозном приняли участие более миллиона человек #газетару #gazetaru #чечня Фото опубликовано «Газета.Ru» (@gazetaru) Янв 19, 2015 at 4:31 PST
According to Chechen leader, Islam teaches people “to live in peace and harmony with all the nations of our country, with people of various religious beliefs.”
Europe hasn't drawn any conclusions from the recent events in Paris which left 17 people dead, Kadyrov said.
“We see that European journalists and politicians under false slogans about freedom of speech and democracy declared the freedom of boorishness, and uncivilly insult religious feelings. About what freedom of speech are they [speaking] in Paris and other Western capitals?”
The head of Russia's Mufti Council, Ravil Gaynutdin, said that Western countries are abandoning family and spiritual values.
“We should value our spiritual and moral values, and family traditions. We should build our spiritual country: great Russia,” Gaynutdin said, Tass news agency reported.
READ MORE: Chechen leader blasts Europe over double standards on terrorism
митинг "против карикатур на Пророка", Грозный. pic.twitter.com/aeCeHnxrLs — Jüri Maloverjan (@MaloverjanBBC) January 19, 2015
The rally ended with a mass prayer.
The 'Love for Prophet Muhammad' rally was called by the republic's clerics.
Earlier, Kadyrov called on Chechens to join them at the protest.
Grozny is not the first Russian city to protest against the publication of Mohammed cartoons.
More than 10,000 people rallied in Magas, the capital of the Russian southern republic of Ingushetia, to support Islam and protest cartoons insulting the Prophet. The demonstrators decried both the extremists aiming to hijack it for their own goals and the people deliberately insulting Muslims and their faith under a guise of protecting freedom of speech from the extremists.
Charlie Hebdo's post-attack edition, featuring the Prophet Mohammed shedding a tear while holding a "Je Suis Charlie" sign, was published on Wednesday. The newspaper initially expected 1 million copies to be sold, but now the issue is aiming at a target of 7 million copies, a far cry from its usual 60,000 circulation.
The issue immediately sparked outrage from Muslims and Islamist groups. Last week, rallies were held in many countries, including Algeria, Syria, India, Pakistan and the Philippines.
READ MORE: ‘Death to blasphemers': Muslims protest new Charlie Hebdo cartoons across the globe
Niger, a former French colony, saw the most violent demonstrations. Five people were killed and 128 were wounded over the weekend in Niamey, the capital of Niger, police said. In total 45 churches, a Christian school and orphanage were torched, and five hotels and 36 liquor stores were destroyed.
While FC Dallas may be riding a two-game losing streak, it hasn't stopped the rumor mill from spinning with the club. The big targets for foreign clubs continue to be Fabian Castillo and Mauro Diaz and right now one club is prepared to offer FCD and MLS a pretty good sum for Diaz.
Source: Elche prepared to offer Dallas $4-5M for Diaz come July. Sell on % will be big factor in the deal. #FCDallas — MLS Transfers (@MLSTransfers) May 30, 2015
Again, it is a rumor at this point but this is one that has been building for a couple months right now. Elche CF has been scouting Diaz heavily for some time now and it isn't surprising that the Spanish side, that finished 13th this season in La Liga, is interested.
Now the money being talked about in this deal is likely enough for the Hunts and the league to be interested in doing at this point. It is in the same ballpark that the club got for Brek Shea a couple years ago when Stoke City came calling. I would imagine if the transfer number would hit $6 million, with a good sell on percentage like the tweet talks about, then FCD would take it.
What do you make of this news? If the price is right, do you think FCD should take it?
Posted 06-11-2014 by Andrew Yeager.
Photo Credit: rOsss via Flickr
Cities around the country heavily regulate taxis and Birmingham is no different. The ordinance governing taxis, limousines and other “vehicles for hire” stretches 40 pages and covers everything from the types of credit cards taxis are supposed to accept to how frequently seats are wiped down.
But it also says cab drivers aren't allowed to drive around looking for passengers. Also, it's illegal for someone to hail a taxi outside of downtown or Lakeview.
Birmingham City Councilwoman Kim Rafferty, who chairs the transportation committee, says it used to be illegal everywhere in the city to hail a taxi until the city code was changed in 2012 to add those two specific neighborhoods. They say she's working to further update the ordinance.
“There's a lot [in the code] that didn't make any sense,” said Rafferty. “It needs to be practical. It needs to be serviceable. And that's what we've been working on.”
Rafferty says they were told the restriction on taxis cruising for passengers was put in place because people complained about cabs driving through residential areas. Similarly, taxi drivers didn't want to be forced to pick up a passenger hailing them if they happened to be in an unsafe or questionable part of town.
Rafferty says allowing cruising and hailing is most practical, but must be balanced with safety. They say they expect taxis would gravitate to the city center and entertainment areas anyway so that doesn't need to be spelled out in the ordinance.
The existing rules are confusing, particularly for out-of-town visitors who may expect to be able to flag a cab they see driving by.
“I've seen people trying to hail cabs and I'm sure they're highly confused why they never stop,” Rafferty said. They add the city needs to do a better job marketing this rule because nobody will read the transportation code to figure out if you can hail a taxi.
~ Andrew Yeager, June 11, 2014
| Some Taxis at Birmingham's Airport May be Skirting the Rules
Wearing only their undies, a Brisbane man has saved the day after chasing a driver who allegedly crashed into their friend's fish and chip shop overnight.
Daniel McConnell was asleep in their home on Nudgee Road, Hendra, when their wife woke them about 2am to say someone had driven into the shop next door.
"I jumped out of bed and all I had was me undies on and I walked out the front and I have seen the car smashed and I have seen the bloke walking back to the car and I said, 'Oh, what are you doing, mate? You can't be leaving the scene,' " Mr McConnell told Nine News.
The fish and chip shop, owned by a family for about 40 years, had been badly damaged by the crash.
Still, the president has sole authority to use nuclear weapons. Members of their Cabinet who disagree have the right to resign, but the military is obliged to carry out the order. As Bloomberg News points out: “It takes just two ‘votes' to launch the missiles. So even if three two-officer ICBM crews refuse to carry out the order, it won't stop the launch” of nuclear weapons. Even if Trump orders the use of nuclear weapons, it is probably not a good idea for their military to refuse the order. As Bruce Ackerman, a professor of law and political science at Yale University, told The Washington Post, the example of Latin American nations, many of which have modeled their constitutions on the U.S., shows that when militaries defy their presidents, the consequences are usually “terrible.” In other words, Trump's order to use nuclear weapons may be unpopular, but the long-term consequences of the military's defiance of a civilian president's order could be worse.
This argument, of course, is based on the idea that North Korea will order a first strike. This, too, is seen as highly unlikely because while Kim might be the object of punch lines in the West, they are practically God in their own country. Their control of North Korea is seen as near total. Any potential rivals for power have been quickly dispensed with. Their fortune is worth billions.  They are 33 years old. There is virtually no reason for them to use nuclear weapons. Unlike the Soviet Union during the Cold War, they do not possess the nuclear arsenal to threaten the U.S. with mutually assured destruction. Any use of such weapons by Kim would almost certainly assure their destruction. North Korea maintains its nuclear and missile programs are strictly defensive in nature to counter what it calls provocations by the U.S. and South Korea. What is likely, however, is continued North Korean missile tests in the Sea of Japan and elsewhere to show its military and technical prowess, as well as occasional nuclear tests.
There is, of course, the possibility that Kim orders North Korea to strike near Guam as early as next week, as their military said in great detail that it could. If those missiles land in Guam's waters, the U.S. response could be conventional (non-nuclear) in nature. The U.S. military has a large presence in South Korea (28,500 troops) and Japan (54,000), and could easily target North Korea's command-and-control capability, its nuclear programs, and its missile launchers. The consequences of such a response are likely to be catastrophic not only on North Korea but its neighbors: Not only are there more than 70,000 U.S. troops within the reach of North Korea's short- and medium-range missiles, nearly half of South Korea's 50 million people live about 100 miles from the demilitarized zone (DMZ) that separates the two Koreas. The loss of life would be horrific.
NEW YORK (PIX11) — Actor James Woods went on an angry Twitter rant Sunday, blaming Mayor Bill de Blasio and Rev. Al Sharpton for the murder of 2 NYPD officers.
New Hashtag: #TurnYourBack EVERY time DeBlasio speaks, EVERY Police Officer in sight should turn his/her back. Especially at Cops' funerals — James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) December 21, 2014
"I'm putting wings on pigs today" – Cop assassin Ismaaiyl Brinsley. Is Race Pimp Sharpton eating caviar this morning? pic.twitter.com/Szg7QfP7Cx — James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) December 21, 2014
Sony has hired race racketeer and tax cheat, Al Sharpton, for its board. Imagine this: #BoycottSony until he's ousted. — James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) December 21, 2014
Police officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos were each shot in the head by Ismaaiyl Brinsley as they sat in their patrol car on Tompkins Ave. in Bed-Stuy Saturday afternoon.
Brinsley had reportedly shot and seriously wounded their ex-girlfriend in Baltimore before their attack on the officers.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The offcers' killer -- who had made anti-cop statements on social media -- then shot and killed themselves on the Myrtle-Willoughby Avs G train platform.
Police Benevolent Association President Pat Lynch said there was "blood on many hands" after the shooting.
"Those that incited violence on this street under the guise of protest, that tried to tear down what New York City police officers did everyday," Lynch said at a press conference. "That blood on the hands starts on the steps of city hall in the office of the mayor."
Sharpton denounced the killings at a Sunday press conference alongside the widow and mother of Eric Garner.
David Cameron has resigned as Prime Minister after Britain voted to LEAVE the EU.
Overnight there were unexpected losses for Remain, while Leave enjoyed bigger leads in the areas they have won.
In Greater Manchester, Manchester, Stockport and Trafford voted to remain. Tameside, Rochdale, Oldham, Salford, Wigan, Bolton and Bury voted to leave.
Although Scotland voted strongly against Brexit, the turnout there was not as high as Remain campaigners had hoped.
Following the result Prime Minister David Cameron announced they were stepping down, and that their replacement would be in place before October.
Meanwhile the pound has plummeted against the dollar and euro and £122bn was wiped off the value of the FTSE 100 companies in first 10 minutes of trading.
Nigel Farage declared this morning: "Let June 23 go down in our history as our independence day".
Follow the latest in our live results system here:
From Chapter 25 of Bad Boyfriends: Using Attachment Theory to Avoid Mr. (or Ms.) Wrong and Make You a Better Partner, “Types in the Dating Pool.”
If you're not familiar with attachment types, take the test and read about them here.
Estimates vary, but a good guess is that 50% of the population starts adulthood secure, while 20% are anxious-preoccupied, 25% are dismissive-avoidant, and 5% are fearful-avoidant. But as time goes by and the secure are more likely to get into and stay in long-term relationships, the proportions of the types seen in the dating pool change—the secure become scarce, and the dismissive-avoidant, who begin and end relationships quickly, become the most likely type you will encounter.
The graph is based on a simplified* simulation of the dating pool by age, showing the percentage of each type in the shrinking dating pool. Secures appear dominant early in the dating pool at about 50%, but over time their prevalence declines to around 20%. Notice how the Dismissive-Avoidant start off as the second most prevalent attachment type at 25%, but over time become the predominant type at 50% of the far smaller dating population—this is not because they don't start relationships, but that they tend to exit them quickly. The proportion of Preoccupied and Fearful-Avoidant increases somewhat as well. The age scale assumes everyone starts looking for a partner at 20, so subpopulations which start later (academics, for example) would be shifted by a few years. Since both starting parameters and the simulation are simplified, these numbers are only suggestive.
The shrinkage of the dating pool with time and its later domination by less secure types means the older you are, the more cautious you should be, because it is much more likely that those in the dating pool in later years have a problematic attachment type, or even worse problems keeping them from sustaining good relationships. Of course there are always new entries to the dating pool who have been released from good relationships by their partner's death or unfortunate circumstances; but those past 40 who have never been able to get and keep a good relationship going, likely never will—unless of course they have realized they need to change and work hard on themselves.
* — Based on data from a simplified simulation model run by the author based on reported duration of relationships by attachment type combinations and initial populations. Suggestive, but the initial parameters are based on limited studies and the simulation ignores such factors as longer relationships tending to break down less frequently. More longitudinal studies are needed.
For more reading, start with my book, much of which is online here.
More on Divorce, Marriage, and Mateseeking
Marriages Happening Late, Are Good for You
Monogamy and Relationship Failure; “Love Illuminated”
“Millionaire Matchmaker”
More reasons to find a good partner: lower heart disease!
“Princeton Mom” Susan Patton: “Marry Smart” not so smart
“Blue Valentine”
“All the Taken Men are Best” – why women poach married men….
“Marriage Rate Lowest in a Century”
Making Divorce Hard to Strengthen Marriages?
Student Loan Debt: Problems in Divorce
“The Upside of ‘Marrying Down'”
The High Cost of Divorce
Separate Beds Save Marriages?
Marital Discord Linked to Depression
Marriage Contracts: Give People More Legal Options
Older Couples Avoiding Marriage For Financial Reasons
Divorced Men 8 Times as Likely to Commit Suicide as Divorced Women
Vox Charts Millennial Marriage Depression
What's the Matter with Marriage?
Life Is Unfair! The Great Chain of Dysfunction Ends With You.
Leftover Women: The Chinese Scene
Constant Arguing Can Be Deadly…
“If a fraught relationship significantly shortens your life, are you better off alone?
“Divorce in America: Who Really Wants Out and Why”
View Marriage as a Private Contract?
“It's up there with ‘Men Are From Mars' and ‘The Road Less Travelled'”
Free Love, eHarmony, Matchmaking Pseudoscience
Love Songs of the Secure Attachment Type
“The New ‘I Do'”
Unrealistic Expectations: Liberal Arts Woman and Amazon Men
Mark Manson's “Six Healthy Relationship Habits”
“The Science of Happily Ever After” – Couples Communications
Free Dating Sites: Which Have Attachment Type Screening?
Dating Pool Danger: Harder to Find Good Partners After 30
Mate-Seeking: The Science of Finding Your Best Partner
Perfect Soulmates or Fellow Travelers: Being Happy Depends on Perspective
No Marriage, Please: Cohabiting Taking Over
“Marriage Markets” – Marriage Beyond Our Means?
Rules for Relationships: Realism and Empathy
Limerence vs. Love
The “Fairy Tale” Myth: Both False and Destructive
When to Break Up or Divorce? The Economic View
“Why Are Great Husbands Being Abandoned?”
Divorce and Alimony: State-By-State Reform, Massachusetts Edition
“Sliding” Into Marriage, Small Weddings Associated with Poor Outcomes
Subconscious Positivity Predicts Marriage Success…
Why We Are Attracted to Bad Partners (Who Resemble a Parent)
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Pocket
Pinterest
They received the "miracle" that allowed Mary MacKillop to be made a saint - now NSW woman Kathleen Evans is going to meet the Pope.
In recent months Mrs Evans has been on a private speaking tour of regional NSW, telling the faithful how their cancer vanished, close friend Colleen Barnett said yesterday.
Ms Barnett said Mrs Evans, who has spent part of the nearly 20 years since their cure supporting cancer patients, would meet Pope Benedict XVI while they were in Rome for the October 17 canonisation of Mary MacKillop.
In recent months Mrs Evans has been to Orange, Bathurst and Condobolin because Ms Barnett said they wanted "to tell people there is something to hope for".
Ms Barnett said the miracle of Mrs Evans' recovery from lung and brain cancer in 1993 was "mind boggling".
"You can imagine how we felt when this woman that was dying in front of us, was well. Some of us had already let them go," they said.
One of their friends gave Mrs Evans a Mary MacKillop relic which they pinned to their nightie and they prayed for their intercession.
"All I had left was prayer," Mrs Evans told Australia in January when they went public with my story.
Ms Barnett said the Evans' family home in Windale was always flooded with friends there to support them
"I was just thinking about them then, I don't think anyone dying of cancer would have had so many people in their house every day," they said.
The Evans family moved to Lightning Ridge and travelled around the state to maintain their anonymity while the Vatican considered Mrs Evans' case as a miracle.
Another Australian woman will also be watching the canonisation ceremony with more interest than most.
 They are the second woman who was near death when they suddenly recovered from terminal leukaemia, a recovery the Vatican also attributed to Mary MacKillop.
It has been 49 years since the woman prayed for Mary MacKillop's intercession and returned to good health but they have never let their identity be known.
Hers was the first miracle that allowed MacKillop to be beatified in 1995 but the Vatican needed the second miracle which Mrs Evans received, to make them a saint.
"Certainly [she is alive], they have subsequently had a family. They have always been very cautious of their privacy," said Father Brian Lucas, who is general-secretary of the Australian Bishop's Conference.
"There is not much you can say. It was a woman who was terminally ill with leukaemia, very close to death and there was a very sudden cure."
A mother of six, the woman gave birth to a boy in the early 1960s soon after their recovery.
Mary MacKillop's Sisters of Saint Joseph have detailed the arduous process of proving the MacKillop miracles.
Two specialist doctors first examine the nominated person's case to determine if the recovery "can be explained by scientific means". In Mrs Evans case and that of the leukaemia sufferer, there was no medical intervention or treatment. The Vatican requires X-rays, tests and a patient's medical history.
It is then determined if the "cure is outside the normal medical process" and "if there is evidence that surgery or medicine did not bring about the cure".
The cure must also be "complete and permanent".
Miracles must then undergo a theological study to determine the role of prayer.
The Pope will only receive the cases after they have been pored over by cardinals.
There are a host of unofficial miracles the Sisters of Saint Joseph call "favours".
They include Sophie Delezio's remarkable recovery from two horrendous car accidents and Irish man David Keohane who woke from a coma after being bashed in Sydney.
Originally published as Belief, prayer the heart of a miracle
Peter Shaffer, the Oscar-winning writer who penned works like Amadeus and Equus died Monday in Ireland, according to their agent. They were 90.
The English-born Shaffer, who was knighted in 2001, wrote 18 plays over their lengthy career, including The Royal Hunt of the Sun, Black Comedy, and Lettice and Lovage, but they were perhaps best known for writing the plays Equus and Amadeus, both of which they adapted for the big screen.
First staged in London in 1973, Equus soon transferred to Broadway, where it won the 1975 Tony Award for best play. The Broadway version ran for more than 1,200 performances, and over the years, Anthony Hopkins, Anthony Perkins, and Leonard Nimoy all tackled the role of the psychiatrist Martin Dysart. Sidney Lumet's 1977 movie version starred Richard Burton and Peter Firth, both of whom earned an Academy Award nomination. Shaffer earned an Oscar nod as well for best adapted screenplay. Daniel Radcliffe starred in the 2007 West End revival, which later transferred to Broadway.
Shaffer also found critical acclaim with the 1979 play Amadeus, which follows the relationship between Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and their rival, Antonio Salieri. Like Equus, Amadeus soon transferred to Broadway, where it ran for more than 1,800 performances and earned seven Tony nominations. Shaffer also penned the script for the 1984 film adaptation, directed by Milos Forman and starring F. Murray Abraham and Tom Hulce. In all, Amadeus earned 11 Academy Award nominations and won eight, including best adapted screenplay for Shaffer.
Survivors include their brother Brian, their nephews Milo and Mark, and their nieces Cressida and Claudia. Shaffer's identical twin brother, Anthony Shaffer, was also a playwright and screenwriter who wrote Sleuth and The Wicker Man. Anthony died in 2001 at age 75.
Provided
Mother nature has a lot to teach us about how to make things.
With that in mind, Cornell researchers have uncovered the process by which mollusks manufacture nacre – commonly known as “mother of pearl.” Along with its iridescent beauty, this material found on the insides of seashells is incredibly strong. Knowing how it's made could lead to new methods to synthesize a variety of new materials with as yet unguessed properties.
“We have all these high-tech facilities to make new materials, but just take a walk along the beach and see what's being made,” said postdoctoral research associate Robert Hovden, M.S. '10, Ph.D. '14. “Nature is doing incredible nanoscience, and we need to dig into it.”
Hovden is lead author of a paper describing the discovery published in the Dec. 3 edition of the journal Nature Communications. Hovden worked with Lara Estroff, associate professor of materials science and engineering; David Muller, professor of applied and engineering physics; graduate student Megan Holtz; and Stephan Wolf, a visiting scientist from Germany, in Estroff's Bio-Inspired Materials Research Group.
Using a high-resolution scanning transmission electron microscope (STEM), the researchers examined a cross-section of the shell of a large Mediterranean mollusk called the noble pen shell or fan mussel (Pinna nobilis). To make the observations possible they had to develop a special sample preparation process. Using a diamond saw, they cut a thin slice through the shell, then in effect sanded it down with a thin film in which micron-sized bits of diamond were embedded, until they had a sample less than 30 nanometers thick, suitable for STEM observation. As in sanding wood, they moved from heavier grits for fast cutting to a fine final polish to make a surface free of scratches that might distort the STEM image.
Images with nanometer-scale resolution revealed that the organism builds nacre by depositing a series of layers of a material containing nanoparticles of calcium carbonate. Moving from the inside out, these particles are seen coming together in rows and fusing into flat crystals laminated between layers of organic material. (The layers are thinner than the wavelengths of visible light, causing the scattering that gives the material its iridescence.)
Exactly what happens at each step is a topic for future research. For now, the researchers said in their paper, “We cannot go back in time” to observe the process. But knowing that nanoparticles are involved is a valuable insight for materials scientists, Hovden said.
Estroff's lab is supported by the National Science Foundation, and the work made extensive use of the microscopy facilities in the Cornell Center for Materials Research. The work also is supported by the Kavli Institute at Cornell for Nanoscale Science. Frédéric Marin of the Université Bourgogne - Franche-Comté provided the sample shells.
More people are moving to New Zealand from Australia instead of the other way around for the first time in decades as Kiwis return to a buoyant economy and are joined by foreigners in search of work.
According to new figures released by Statistics New Zealand, 25,273 people migrated east across the Tasman Sea in 2015, compared to 24,504 who went the other way.
For the first time since 1991, more Australians have moved to New Zealand than vice-versa. Credit:Tourism NZ
This net flow of 769 to New Zealand is the biggest since 1991 and the number of people coming to Australia is the lowest since the same year.
It comes as the country of 4.6 million is experiencing consistent political stability and strong economic performance while other countries falter.
These days, everyone is writing movies. Including novelists. Not screenplays, mind you, but even if you've never touched a Celtx program and will never see your story on the big screen, you're still writing movies.
Our society is saturated by visual storytelling. It's the cool kid on the block, da boss. Whether we're talking Hollywood movies, TV shows, or Video on Demand–we're definitely still talking about the one form of storytelling that has become the most prevalent and powerful in modern entertainment.
Whether you realize it or not, that visual medium is influencing the way you write your books.
The “Movie Mindset” of Modern Novelists
When I was little, I told myself stories and called them my “movies.” Those movies, of course, eventually became my books. (One little girl typing away at their ginormous old monstrosity of a PC just made more sense than trying to convince Steven Spielberg I was writing the next Raiders of the Lost Ark, you know?) I still see my stories play out in my heads cinematically–camera pans, slo-mo, special effects, the works.
And I'm not alone. For many of us, stories originate as visuals in our imaginations. When we sit down to write our books, we're just doing our best to translate those visuals into descriptive prose that will help readers see the same things.
However, the influence of movie culture goes beyond that. The movie industry has created a very specific type of storytelling: faster paced, based on solid story structure, and, of course, emphasizing creative visuals. All of these trends have impacted modern written fiction.
We talk about how books today are different from books of yore, and one of the primary reasons for this is their simultaneous evolution alongside the visual storytelling in the movies. If we compare today's books with yesterday's books, we can see that, like movies, they are generally faster-paced, more plot-focused, and more “visual.”
Should Storytelling Be Different in Books vs. Movies?
Naturally, there are both pros and cons to having written storytelling cop so heavily to visual storytelling. But I tend to think that, overall, the novelists' ability to learn from their movie-making brethren has been a healthy and productive trend.
For one thing, story structure has long been championed much more stridently by screenwriters than novelists. For another, the vibrancy and leanness in visual storytelling has lent much to our necessarily windier, lusher written literature.
However, it's also important to realize books vs. movies remain totally different animals. It's one thing to learn from visual storytelling and apply useful techniques to our written fiction wherever we can. Indeed, as you've likely noticed, I use storytelling examples from movies all the time. I do this for a couple of reasons:
1. Movies are easier for me to remember. (Visual learner, after all.)
2. I watch far more popular movies than I read popular books, so movies tend to provide more pertinent and far-reaching examples.
But keep in mind that however much we novelists may love movies and however much we may be able to learn from them about our own craft–we can't afford to ignore the strident differences between the forms.
Today, let's consider five of the most prominent differences in books vs. movies. Take note of them so you can realize both the advantages and limitations of written fiction, and also so you can know what movie-centric techniques simply aren't going to work in your book.
1. Your Book's Pacing Doesn't Have to Be as Tight as a Movie's
Many readers complain that movie adaptations simply aren't as good as the beloved books on which they are based.
There are many reasons for this, but the most common one is simply that movies are a fraction of the length of books. For example, Victor Hugo's mammoth classic Les Miserables tops out at over 650,000 words and, according to my Kindle, took me thirty-three hours to read. The latest movie adaptation has a running time of just under three hours.
Necessarily, a movie's pacing is much tighter than a book's. Whole subplots get axed from movie adaptations simply because there isn't time to explore them. In your book, you're not constrained by such limitations. Even within the shortest of genre word count expectations, books have the opportunity spend much more time on a story than a movie (or even a mini-series) ever will.
Takeaway for Novelists
Don't get me wrong here. Tight pacing is good. You can definitely borrow a useful page from your screenwriting brethren and learn to cut the fluff. But, at the same time, don't place upon yourself the unrealistic expectations of matching a movie's tight pacing requirements. You've got at least six hours with your readers. Use it.
2. Your Book's Opening Hook Has to Be Stronger Than a Movie's
Books and movies are perhaps nowhere more different than in their opening scenes. By the time viewers sit down to watch a movie, they've more or less committed to the story. They're not going to get up and leave the theater unless the movie really stinks halfway in.
This allows filmmakers the comparative luxury of crafting leisurely and artistic openings–running through the credits, panning the setting to show the stage, then focusing on a moment or two of the protagonist's conflict-less Normal World before getting down to business. Often, movies won't open with their protagonists at all. They start out with prologue-esque scenes, in which the conflict is introduced via the antagonist's evil plans.
For example, almost all of the Marvel movies open this way:
Although we certainly do see books (especially thrillers) borrowing this approach from movies, it's important to realize it simply doesn't work as well in written fiction. Readers are not as patient in the beginning as are viewers, which means authors must create stronger, faster hooks that get readers to the heart of both the conflict and the character as quickly as possible.
When I argue against prologues in books, I've had authors come back with the argument at that “well, my favorite cop show on TV does it like that and look how popular it is!” My response: Yep, it works great for TV, wherein you've already got an established, basically captive audience–who, by the way, doesn't have to exert any effort to sit there and keep watching for a single hour–versus a reader who is likely scanning that first page, looking for an excuse to stop reading and move on to a more promising use of their next six (or more) hours.
Takeaway for Novelists
Before you open your book with a movie-style prologue or antagonist-intro or leisurely characteristic moment, stop and ask yourself if this is really the strongest hook you can present to your readers. Don't take their readership for granted. Grab them with an implicit question that piques their curiosity, gets them to invest in your protagonist right away, and makes the story's dramatic question clear from the very first chapter.
3. Your Book Will “Tell” More than a Movie
Movies have quite a few advantages over books. Their visual nature can often seem more exciting, especially when portraying physical action. I don't know about you, but this–
Messala having passed, the Corinthian was the only contestant on the Athenian's right, and to that side the latter tried to turn their broken four; and then; as ill-fortune would have it, the wheel of the Byzantine, who was next on the left, struck the tail-piece of their chariot, knocking their feet from under him. There was a crash, a scream of rage and fear, and the unfortunate Cleanthes fell under the hoofs of their own steeds: a terrible sight, against which Esther covered them eyes.
–just doesn't quite compare with this–
Thanks to their visual nature, movies are able to literally “show” the story. “Showing” in a book, even in the hands of a master author, is still nothing but description.
However, this “telling” nature of a book can actually be one of its chief advantages over a movie. Novels are more interior than movies. Movies show what's happening on the “outside,” as it were, of its characters. Books show what's happening on the inside.
Authors get to share their characters' very thoughts with readers, and, as a result, the opportunities for characterization are much deeper in a book than in a movie.
Takeaway for Novelists
The “interiority” of a novel is arguably its greatest storytelling superiority over movies. Take advantage of it. Delve deep into the heart of your characters–especially your POV characters–and create narratives that speak to readers with the very voices of the characters themselves. Don't just show readers what your characters are doing; show them the motivations and machinations occurring within the character.
4. Your Book Will Have Less Subtext Than a Movie
Subtext is one of the secret keys to powerful fiction. Subtext is the space between the lines of a story. It's the unexplained gaps, which readers are invited to fill in for themselves–making the story a much more personal and powerful experience.
Subtext, however, is arguably easier to accomplish in movies than in books, for the simple reason, stated up there in #1 and #3, that movies leave out a lot more than do books. As a result, there are simply more gaps for viewers to fill in when watching a movie than there are for readers reading a book. When Jason Bourne gives us that tortured look in the movies, we aren't told what he's thinking. We have to fill in the gaps for ourselves.
Books are different. Not only will readers be unable to see the character's expression (and trying to describe it in an attempt to gain the same effect rarely works), but they will expect to be told what the character is thinking. The principle goes even farther. When in a particular character's POV, readers need to know what that character knows, which means even details that are obvious from the subtext often have to be explained or at least acknowledged.
For example, in my historical/dieselpunk novel Storming, the protagonist's sister-in-law has the mental capacity of a child. This is completely obvious from what is shown through their actions and dialogue. Readers get it. But because the protagonist knows exactly what happened to her, readers need to know as well. Hence, one quick but necessary line of explanation:
Aurelia had been stuck in some kind of fairyish dream ever since she'd fallen out of the haymow when they were twelve.
Takeaway for Novelists
Unless you're Ernest Hemingway, you're going to have to be willing to explain more to readers than you would if you were writing a screenplay. However, you have to be careful to balance the needed depth and interiority of your narrative with the still important need for subtext. Don't explain away all your mysteries; avoid on-the-nose narrative as well as dialogue; and seek out the interesting juxtapositions between your character's thoughts and their actions.
5. Your Book Will Have More Options for Sharing Exposition Than Will a Movie
Even movies have to “tell” sometimes. The trick for screenwriters, as well as novelists, is figuring out ways to sneak necessary explanations–or “exposition”–into the story without being obvious about it. Often, in a movie, dialogue must bear the weight of this burden. Unfortunately, this often results in characters telling each other things they already know–the dreaded “as you know, Bob” trope.
Most screenwriters are clever enough about sneaking in the exposition that viewers hardly notice, but it can still end up being, um, awkward:
In all seriousness, novelists can learn a lot from the movies about how to cleverly sneak exposition (aka info dumps) into dialogue. But the great thing about being a novelist is that you don't have to put all your exposition in the dialogue. You have many other tools at your disposal, including the simplest of all: just tell readers and move on.
For example, in my medieval novel Behold the Dawn, readers needed to know why a certain character was in a certain place at a certain time. No need for fancy exposition tricks. The narrative flow allows for a quick explanation:
A gull shrieked overhead, diving low above the broken walls of Jaffa. After their victory on the plains of Arsuf, King Richard had moved their army here until the port city could be repaired enough to act as a supply base.
Takeaway for Novelists
Take advantage of your many opportunities for grounding readers in necessary facts. You can use dialogue when it makes sense, but you can also dribble the info into the narrative itself. As we talked about above in #4, readers expect to know what the POV character already knows. However, don't abuse your exposition opportunities either. Narrative info dumps are just as egregious as “as you know, Bob” dialogue exposition.
I, for one, am ecstatic I get to live in a world where I can enjoy stories told through a myriad of different media. I love books and movies for many of the same reasons–but I also love them for totally different reasons.
As a novelist, you can observe and learn from the skillful techniques of your movie-making brethren. But don't forget that your own craft is unique and powerful in its own requirements. Time to go out there and write the kind of book that will keep readers out of the theaters–until the day its adaptation debuts, of course.
Wordplayers, tell me your opinion? What have I missed in this post? What are other differences you can think between books vs. movies? Tell me in the comments!
Click the “Play” button to Listen to Audio Version (or subscribe to the Helping Writers Become Authors podcast in iTunes).
HTML5 App Manifest
We all have our applications and we all want then to be always using the best tools, but most of all, we all want our content to get to everyone.
That's why we add social sharing functionality, or iox capability so our application can turn into a web app in our phone. However, there are now more and more platforms to deal with, and many more to come. So today I'm going to give you a little snippet so you can turn your website into a HTML5 app. This way your website will run as a "native app" on the new Firefox OS.
Mozilla's awesome new HTML5-based mobile operating system, Firefox OS, is going to be a game-changer in the mobile app space. No more needing to write "native" code for each device, no more reliance on PhoneGap to be a first-class device language. Better yet, essentially all you need to do to make your existing website or web app a Firefox OS app is add a manifest.webapp file to your domain which looks similar to this:
{ "version": "1.0", "name": "Your App Name", "description": "Your new awesome HTML5-based mobile web app!", "launch_path": "/index.html", "icons": { "16": "/img/mylogo-16.png", "48": "/img/mylogo-48.png", "128": "/img/mylogo-128.png" }, "developer": { "name": "Developer Name", "url": "http://yourawesomeapp.com" }, "installs_allowed_from": ["*"], "locales": { "pt": { "description": "A minha nova app", "developer": { "url": "http://yourawesomeapp.com" } }, "en": { "description": "My new web app", "developer": { "url": "http://yourawesomeapp.com" } } }, "default_locale": "en" }
It really can't get any easier! To guard yourself against problem when your app is used offline, be sure to include the HTML standard appcache too!
This article it's a part of a series of small articles showing how to make your website more mobile compatible.
Lately pre-order bonuses and console-exclusive content have frustrated many gaming fans who feel like they're getting the short end of the stick when it comes to new releases, unless they pledge their loyalty to an unreleased game month ahead of time. But today with 2K's upcoming shooter Evolve, we have a console exclusive, pre-purchase bonus that's causing something of a stir.
Evolve's production has gone gold, and with that proclamation comes the now-mandatory open beta for the multiplayer game starting later this month. Ahead of that event, 2K and Turtle Rock have announced that Xbox One players who pre-order a digital copy of the game from the Xbox Live store will unlock instant access to the third tier of hunters in both the beta and the final release of the game, along with a new monster, the Wraith.
The major catch here is that a "pre-order" of a digital game in the Xbox store is really a straight-up pre-purchase, as you're charged the full $60 for the game up front. It can be canceled any time ahead of launch, but it's significantly more than the usual $5 GameStop down payment to be sure. Not to mention the very idea of pre-ordering a digital copy of the game now means we're abandoning any pretense of logic regarding pre-ordering as a means to secure a launch copy of a game that might otherwise be sold out.
Past the concept of a pre-purchase, players are a bit perplexed about what's actually being unlocked, and what it may say about the game itself. The core roles of the four hunters in Evolve never change (Medic, Assault, Trapper, Support), but as you go, different characters can be unlocked through enough gameplay. To get all the way to the third tier of characters requires a hefty amount of grinding, probably at least a ten hours per character class (plus the monster), if the alpha was any indication.
In other words, paying $60 up front is a free pass to skip a significant portion of what's supposed to be the core progression system in the game. And compounding the strangeness of that, it's an Xbox exclusive offer. The implication is that the grind is so bland and terrible, it's an incentive to skip it directly with a pre-purchase.
There are a few schools of thought about this. One is that all games should come with everything accessible and not restrict content for those unwilling to invest dozens or hundreds of hours to unlock it. The other is that progression systems create a tangible sense of progress and something to work toward, which is why Call of Duty's prestige and unlock system is so popular. But in this case, it would be like if you pre-purchased Advanced Warfare on Xbox and you got to start at the third prestige level. It might not unbalance gameplay necessarily, but what's the point in skipping that progression at all? It's like admitting your grind is so boring that you're willing to allow people to play less of your game, when the ones who are pre-purchasing are probably the most devoted to it.
Evolve has more than a few other kinks to work out besides this. An actual pre-order bonus that's been announced, a fourth monster, seems like a pretty significant piece of content to lock away. Past that, the progression system itself appears as if it will be heavily skewed against new players, with advanced level bonuses including rarely seen perks like flat damage and defense increases, things other games have forgone for the sake of balance. This means matchmaking will have to be incredibly spot-on, or newer players will find themselves getting dunked on by veterans. I already saw a bit of this in the Alpha, and it seems like it could snowball badly if left unchanged. But I suppose that's what an open beta should sort out.
Evolve just seems to be in a weird place ahead of its upcoming launch. One of my concerns with the game in the alpha was its relatively sparse amount of content. A bare-bones multiplayer focus can work, like with Turtle Rock's last game, Left 4 Dead, or it can fall flat like we saw with Titanfall. Given its somewhat limited scope, it seems dangerous to allow players to A) skip progression, B) hold too much additional content as pre-order bonuses or DLC or C) have too many alphas/betas. That last item isn't really a consumer issue, but more of a judgement call. I'd just worry about players burning out on the game before it's even released, as that's verbatim what happened to me after a marathon week with the Titanfall beta. But I suppose it does give players a solid look as to whether or not they want to purchase the full box copy at launch, and I can't fault the transparency of that.
I am willing to give Evolve a pass on a lot of issues, because I would like to see an original IP with a unique core concept succeed. But they're losing the narrative with all this pre-order, pre-purchase nonsense. If they're confident enough in their game to offer lengthy alphas and betas, they shouldn't feel the need to bribe Xbox players to skip playing the game itself as a pre-purchase bonus. No part of that sentence projects confidence, and it just seems like the latest annoyance in companies pushing pre-orders, and now even pre-purchases, too damn hard.
Follow me on Twitter, like my page on Facebook, and pick up a copy of my sci-fi novel, The Last Exodus, and its sequel, The Exiled Earthborn, along with my new Forbes book, Fanboy Wars.
Watch below to see when Call of Duty may return to World War II:
Life in Japan can be challenging, but also absolutely amazing and wonderful. Having spent two years in the country of the rising sun as a kid I still remember quite a lot of things that kept me thrilled and amazed. Here are ten things about the Japanese lifestyle that you should know before moving in or traveling to this wonderful country!
1. Christmas is a lover's holiday
Christmas is not a traditional holiday in Japan. Though, in recent decades it became popular to decorate everything with lights and buy fur trees, do not expect a traditional evening meal with a turkey in a family setting. Think of Christmas in Japan more like of Valentines day in the US. On December, the 24th you are expected to ask out your date to a fancy place, think of a unique date idea or some other couple activity and yes, prepare a gift, but a romantic one. In Japan, gifts are rarely exchanged among family members and friends unless that was pre-arranged earlier.
Another peculiar Christmas tradition in Japan is going festive at KFC! It emerged after a surprisingly successful ad campaign in 1974, where a group of foreigners is desperate to find a turkey for Christmas and ended up celebrating at KFC. There's always a huge queue in front of any KFC at Christmas as everyone is eager to grab a 40$ special meal of chicken, wine, cake and champagne. The tradition is so popular in Tokyo, that you need to pre-order your Christmas-special chicken meal and book a table in advance!
2. Keep your trash with you
One of the first things you notice in Japan – trash cans are impossible to find at public places! Yet, there's not litter on the streets either and by no means you should become the one who leaves it! So, what are you expected to do with your bento pack or a melon soda can? Put it in your bag and carry it home like all the Japanese people do. Alternatively, veteran expats pointed out there are public trash cans available at McDonald's and konbini (convenience) stores.
Advertising
When living in Japan, you will learn a lot about handling trash. As the islands are tiny and densely-populated, it was crucial for the Japanese to focus on recycling and minimizing their impact on the nature around. That's why one of the first things you receive when moving in your apartment is a gomi guide – an immensely detailed instruction on all-things-trash, from sorting it the right way to days when certain types of waste are collected. Caveat: if you missed throwing the appropriate type of trash on the right day, you will have to wait for another week till you can get rid of it!
3. Driving experience is different
First of all, you need to get used to the fact that your steering wheel is now on the right side of the car and you are obliged to drive on the left side of the road. Also, all the speed limits are listed in kilometers, not in miles. Make sure you can convert them correctly before stepping on that gas pedal. Traffic lights are horizontal and double stacked, so it takes some time to figure out which one is working for you now. While most Japanese drivers are really accurate and attentive, there's another road hazard – careless cyclists who often pop out unexpectedly on intersections and sometimes ride on the opposite side of the road.
Remember, you are not allowed to drive in Japan with a US-only license. You should either have an International Driving Permit that can be retrieved from American Automobile Association (AAA) or the American Automobile Touring Alliance (AATA) back in US. However, those are valid only for short-term stays in Japan (less than 90 days). If you plan to settle in Japan for longer, you should either get driver's license of the international standard or switch overseas driving license to Japanese ones.
Don't get upset if the whole thing looks difficult to you, Japan has impeccable train service that will get you to any place at no time.
Advertising
4. Bowing isn't as easy as you think
You do know that the Japanese bow at practically any occasion from a greeting to apologizes. Learning to do it the naturally graceful way for a foreigner may be really tricky. Here are three main types of bows:
eshaku – leaning about 15-degrees in an informal setting and as a greeting.
– leaning about 15-degrees in an informal setting and as a greeting. keirei – 30-degree bow to show a higher level of respect say to your boss or other people who are higher than you on social scale
– 30-degree bow to show a higher level of respect say to your boss or other people who are higher than you on social scale saikeirei – 45-degree bow reserved for major occasions like meeting the emperor or say when you've screwed up really big (think destroying someone car).
5. Always carry an umbrella in summer
The rainy season (tsuyu or baiyu) takes place in most parts of Japan from early June till late July and a month earlier at Okinawa. Whereas it does not rain straight for two months in a row, the weather becomes really unexpected. You can leave the house while the sun shines bright to realize it's raining cat and dogs in a mere hour when you are about to leave the shop. Unless you'd like to spend ¥100 each time it starts raining (or get soaking wet), do carry an umbrella all the time.
Also, do not forget it's impolite to enter any store or other venue with your dripping umbrella. There are special boxes installed outside where you should place it. They are never stolen, yet if you don't have a particularly distinctive parasol, it might be accidentally taken by someone else. Surprisingly, you can find it the next day at the same box as that someone returned it for you.
6. Policemen are really friendly and concerned (sometimes even too much)
Japan traditionally tops the list of the safest countries in the world with extremely low crime and murder rates. Hardly anyone actually locks the doors at home and if you lost your phone or wallet at the train station, there are 99.99% chances you'll get it back the next day with the same amount of cash. Therefore, Japanese police is busy sorting out other issues the citizens have. Say, if you got lost in Tokyo, a police officers will surely guide you back to your home or the nearest metro stations. You can chit chat with them and joke all the way back home. Also, these folks can call you a cab and lend you money if you had a rough drinking night and missed the last train.
Advertising
However, as Karin Muller pointed out in their book “Japanland: A Year In Search of Wa” sometimes the local police friendly concerns can become too much. The local officers were really concerned about their nightly running habits, numerously talking them out of jogging around the beach after dark for no specific safety reason. But that's kind of a cute motherly-like concern, right?
7. There's no need to double-check anything
There are zero chances you will receive the wrong amount of change from a cashier. Not a single chance the item you ordered would be fake or lack any accessories that were sold with it. Japan has no tolerance for scamming or dishonesty. Not only it is highly shameful to trick anyone, but also rather costly with huge fines and legal consequences for those who've attempted and got caught.
Also, bargaining isn't a thing in Japan. All the prices are fixed even at street markets. Do not ask for a discount unless it's already listed on the product.
8. Night clubs are not for dancing
It is just as odd as it sounds – you are not allowed to dance at a vast majority of night/dance clubs around Japan. Basically, any night venue in Japan has a “Please, no dancing sign” and if you get rebellious after a few shots and still decide to get low on the dance floor, you can get kicked out. According to a law adopted back in 1948 (and never changed since then), clubs with a floor space less than 66 sq/m (710 sq ft) cannot obtain the proper license and allow customers to dance. A later law adopted in 1984 bans dancing after midnight. Real estate prices in Japan are whooping. Finding and renting a place over 66 sq/m gets extremely expensive and hard to find. Add extra fees for obtaining “dancing license” from the government and we get an absolutely broke club owner who will need to work for decades before they start earning at least something from the venue.
If you plan to have a night out dancing till dawn, look for clubs based outside the city or in industrial areas like ageHa based in Shin-Kiba (port district) in Tokyo. Free shuttle buses run from/to various parts of town, plus the venue's open till late with an array of professional dancers to round out the onstage entertainment. However, there's been a slow shift in the society and the “no dancing” law could be modified by Tokyo's 2020 Olympics.
Advertising
9. There are special sleepers to attend the bathroom
First of all, when entering the house you are supposed to take of your shoes and either put on the sleepers proposed by the owners or walk barefoot around cozy tatami floor. Also, there's a set of special sleepers reserved for walking in the bathroom only. Usually they are left next to the door or right in front of the entrance. You are supposed to wear them only while using the toilet and it's extremely embarrassing to forget changing them back after you've finished all your business there. Also, it's polite to put them back just the same way they were standing, so that the next person could easily slip into them.
You'll find the same “bathroom sleepers” in numerous restaurants and venues around Japan. Make sure you do not end up walking in them back to your table. Also, you are required to take your shoes and leave them aside before entering a fitting room at the shop. All of them have special clean podiums where you should stand barefoot.
10. Laundry is usually done every day
Basically, each Japanese family does the laundry every day. By 7 am you can see an array of crispy clean clothes drying outside. Usually, it is considered inappropriate to wear any clothing item twice without washing it first. That's a crucial point to consider if you plan to share your living space with a Japanese person.
Featured photo credit: Moyan Brenn via flickr.com
Millions of Californians walked into a polling place Tuesday and some of them came out pretty annoyed. The vote-counting machines were broken. Their polling sites opened late or had been moved. They weren't on the voter rolls. Complaints accumulated throughout the day: in polling stations, on Twitter, on Facebook and around the proverbial water cooler. Because of the veritable smorgasbord of issues encountered across the state, lots of voters ended up having to cast provisional ballots. And some of them shuddered, certain that writing their vote on that little pink envelope was akin to putting a letter in a bottle, casting it into the sea and trusting it would reach someone -- anyone -- who could carry it to its intended recipient. For those who raced out of the office or got up early to vote, the uncertainty about whether those votes would be properly tallied was frustrating.
“Government must operate through public laws and regulations” and not through “secret law,” a federal appellate court declared in a decision last month. When our government attempts to do otherwise, the court said, it is emulating “totalitarian regimes.”
The new ruling (pdf) overturned the conviction of a defendant who had been found guilty of exporting rifle scopes in violation of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). The court said that the government had failed to properly identify which items are subject to export control regulations, or to justify the criteria for controlling them. It said the defendant could not be held responsible for violating such vague regulations.
Accepting the State Department's claim of “authority to classify any item as a ‘defense article' [thereby making it subject to export controls], without revealing the basis of the decision and without allowing any inquiry by the jury, would create serious constitutional problems,” wrote Chief Judge Frank H. Easterbrook of the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals. “It would allow the sort of secret law that [the Supreme Court in] Panama Refining Co. v. Ryan, 293 U.S. 388 (1935), condemned.”
Normally, “A regulation is published for all to see,” explained Judge Easterbrook, a Reagan appointee who is considered a judicial conservative. “People can adjust their conduct to avoid liability. [In contrast,] a designation by an unnamed official, using unspecified criteria, that is put in a desk drawer, taken out only for use at a criminal trial, and immune from any evaluation by the judiciary, is the sort of tactic usually associated with totalitarian regimes,” they said. See the Court's ruling in the United States of America v. Doli Syarief Pulungan, June 15, 2009.
The new ruling “could be a very big deal in terms of export controls, and indeed in terms of ‘secret law' in general,” said Gerald Epstein, a science and security policy scholar who served on a recent National Academy of Sciences panel on export control policy. “This case goes to the heart of the ambiguity of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, which give the State Department great latitude in determining what is and what is not covered, and which are administered in a notoriously opaque way,” Dr. Epstein told Secrecy News.
Export control policy was addressed from various perspectives in an April 24, 2008 Senate hearing entitled “Beyond Control: Reforming Export Licensing Agencies for National Security and Economic Interests” (pdf) that was published last month.
Last year, Sen. Russ Feingold convened a hearing on the subject of “Secret Law and the Threat to Democratic and Accountable Government.” My prepared statement from that hearing on the diverse categories of secret law is available here (pdf).
Archdiocese of Santa Fe releases full list of names to expose known child abusing clerics
Archbishop John C. Wester speaks to expose pedophile priests
In a stunning U-turn against the Catholic Church's usual stance regarding the cover-up of the pedophile epidemic amongst clerics, one of the highest-ranking Archbishops has decided to go against Pope Francis and expose pedophilia by naming and shaming priests and religious leaders who are known by the Church for sexually abusing children.
Despite efforts by the Vatican to silence their attempts, Archbishop John Wester of the Archdiocese of Santa Fe has released a full list of names of those who are known to the Roman Catholic Church as predatory pedophiles, but who's crimes have been covered-up by Church officials.
Archbishop Wester announced the release of the names on Tuesday in a letter to parishioners after decades of pressure from victims and their family members who wanted the rapists to be exposed in a complete list.
Addressing their congregation, Wester said they can no longer follow the Pope's wishes to “look the other way” and help the Vatican cover up these “unholy deeds”.
Although some of the names of accused priests on the list were already known due to campaigning from victims, the identities of the majority of the abusers had remained secret, with most of them still serving in communities, unknown to local citizens, until now.
Also listed were priests and religious leaders who were publicly accused but whose criminal or canonical proceedings were never completed due to those accused priests suddenly dying before the allegations could be fully processed, Wester said.
Traditionally, the Catholic Church keeps much of its Canon law proceedings secret, and operates under its own protocols, outside of the regular law.
Wester told parishioners the archdiocese needed to publicly acknowledge and identify clergy and religious leaders accused of perpetrating child sexual abuse within the one of the nation's oldest archdiocese.
“We must practice openness and transparency whenever possible, as this is essential for rebuilding trust and healing wounds,” Wester wrote.
“While many of the accused names have already been made public or have been identified elsewhere, this is the first time the archdiocese has published such a list.
“Wester called the abuse cases “deep source of sadness and shame for our church.
“The list (link to original document here) does not provide details of the crimes or the convictions.
Brad Hall, an Albuquerque attorney who has represented dozens of alleged victims, said the release was “a step in the right direction.
“A review of the list by The Associated Press found that 38 of the 74 named have died. Forty who were listed worked for the Archdiocese of Santa Fe while others came from orders in places like Fall River, Massachusetts, and Boise, Idaho.
Among those on the list was Rev. John George Weisenborn.
In 2012, an Albuquerque man settled a suit they filed against the Archdiocese of Santa Fe and a Catholic ministry group that helps troubled priests over molestation they claim they suffered at the hands of Weisenborn beginning in the mid-1960s.
The man alleged Weisenborn sexually molested them when they were a seventh-grade altar boy at St. Francis Xavier Parish in Albuquerque beginning in 1966 or 1967.
Weisenborn was sent for treatment at a Servants of Paraclete facility in Jemez Springs, New Mexico, called Via Coeli in 1964 after being detained three times in Washington D.C. for having sex with boys, according to court documents obtained by the priest's former religious order.
Weisenborn died in 1991.
The Archdiocese of Santa Fe and the Servants were the target of dozens of lawsuits in the 1980s and '90s alleging that priests were molesting children. Many alleged those pedophile priests came to New Mexico for treatment by the Servants of the Paraclete.
However, many of those priests were later assigned to parishes across New Mexico and Arizona where they continued to abuse children, according to various lawsuits.
In the 1970s, the Servants introduced professional therapy, and gradually the facility treated an increasing number of priestly molesters.
But bishops and religious superiors returned many priests to active ministry against the advice of therapists.
The treatment center closed in 1995.
Abuse cases for years were kept secret in the state until sex abuse scandals by priests exploded in New Mexico in the early 1990s under former Santa Fe Archbishop Robert Fortune Sanchez.
Sanchez resigned in 1993 after three women accused them of being sexually involved with them in the 1970s and early 1980s when they were teenagers. Critics complained that Sanchez didn't do enough to discipline priests who were accused of sexual misconduct and ignored pleas for help from victims.
The Diocese of Gallup, which serves a large part of the Navajo Nation in New Mexico and Arizona, filed for bankruptcy in 2013 as lawsuits mounted over claims of clergy sex abuse.
That diocese in 2014 published a list naming 30 priests and a teacher who church executives said had been credibly accused of sexually abusing children.
The List of Priests, Deacons, & Religious Leaders Accused of Sexual Abuse of Children
NAME | (ARCH)DIOCESE OR ORDER | DECEASED
A corporate identity theft ring that exploited the identities of local corporations, religious institutions, hospitals and even schools to run a cheque fraud scam has been busted in New York.
Investigators reckon the gang of 18 suspects made millions by impersonating workers from an estimated 350 New York-based organisations. Data purchased from corrupt bank insiders was used to lay the groundwork for the scam, which relied on cashing thousands of counterfeit payroll cheques. The fraudsters also plundered the bank accounts of individual victims, using data obtained from corrupt bank insiders to transfer funds to banks under the control of the gang.
Mules were recruited as payees on the counterfeit cheques, which were forged using scanners, cheque stock, magnetic ink, company logos and specialist software. The scam ran between October 2007 and February 2009. One bank alone lost $1.4m through the scam.
The gang was led by alleged masterminds Jasper Grayson, 25, and James Malloy, 26, according to an indictment unsealed this week. Renece Razor, a former teller at a JP Morgan Chase Bank branch in Manhattan, Ilaura Walker, a former worker at a TD Bank branch in Manhattan, and Keisha Polonio, a former clerk at an HSBC Bank branch in the Bronx, are all charged with stealing the personal data of identity theft victims before supplying the details to other members of the gang.
Police are investigating the possible involvement of other suspected bank workers in the scam as part of the ongoing investigation. ®
Several municipalities in British Columbia are raising the alarm over what they say are completely unexpected pay raises the federal government has mandated for the RCMP, but in a statement issued Friday, the federal government said they knew it was coming.
Langley Mayor Peter Fassbender said Thursday that they only learned this week that the RCMP were given permission to seek raises in last week's federal budget.
The news has come as a shock to provincial and municipal officials, who just signed a new 20-year contract with the national police force.
The agreement, which is essentially identical to contracts reached in five other provinces and three territories, comes a year after B.C. threatened to pull out of negotiations altogether and set up its own force.
The officials say the deal, signed only two weeks ago, was supposed to end a history of costly surprises.
But Fassbender said there was no mention of pay raises during the negotiations.
"This was being done by Treasury Board, which is where the pay council for the RCMP is housed," Fassbender said. "And it was part of the federal budget. So what's disappointing is that there were no heads up given by Treasury Board to anybody, even in their own federal ministry, that this was going to be coming down."
Fassbender said, from what they understand, the Treasury Board's directive allows RCMP members to receive pay raises over each of the next three years, beginning immediately.
Fassbender said they did not know details on the amount of the raises, but they and other municipal leaders are concerned that the additional expense could be an unforeseen financial hit in the millions of dollars per municipality.
Surrey Mayor Dianne Watts, whose city is home to the largest RCMP detachment in the country, said they feel she's been blindsided, and B.C. Justice Minister Shirley Bond said they were caught off-guard and has asked Ottawa for clarification.
Terms shared a year ago, Ottawa says
But Friday, the office of the Minister of Public Safety, Vic Toews, issued a statement that defended the raise and claimed that the provinces were informed of it last year.
"Canadians gave our government a strong mandate to keep our streets and communities safe. That means giving our frontline police officers the tools they need to do their job. RCMP members have received a small raise, consistent with other Government of Canada employees," the statement said.
"Under the terms of the recently concluded agreement, B.C. will have a greater role in determining future compensation. In fact, the terms of this raise were shared with the provinces in April 2011 and discussed during a teleconference in July 2011."
The public safety ministry also stated that the 2012 Economic Action Plan will save $195 million from the RCMP budget, with the majority of the savings "realized in administrative efficiencies that will also reduce costs for contract jurisdictions, like B.C."
At this time, the CBC does not know the amount of the mandated pay raises. Financial details of the Treasury Board's directive have not been made public.
VICTORIA — When former B.C. MLA Frank Calder passed away a decade ago, they were remembered as a great leader of the Nisga'a and the first aboriginal person elected to a legislature anywhere in the British Commonwealth.
Calder also provided the most teachable moment about the importance of getting out the vote, delivered at the end of their 26 years in the B.C. house.
For when “the little chief,” as they were known with some affection, lost their seat in the 1979 provincial election it was by a single vote to Al Passarell — thereafter known as “landslide,” of course. More to the point, Calder and their wife had themselves both neglected to vote.
B.C. electoral history provides other results worth recalling on a day when getting out the vote is critical for electoral success.
Dave Barrett, the province's first New Democratic Party premier, lost government in the 1975 provincial election and also their own seat in the legislature — the latter by a mere 18 votes.
Longtime Social Credit MLA and cabinet minister Grace McCarthy lost a comeback bid by just 42 votes in a 1994 byelection against B.C. Liberal Mike de Jong, then at the beginning of their long political career.
That squeaker was not just the last hurrah for McCarthy, the most influential woman in provincial politics until Christy Clark came along. It marked the last gasp of the Social Credit party, which had governed most of the preceding 40 years.
New Democrat Tim Stevenson, now a Vancouver city councillor, lost a bid for a seat in the legislature in the 2005 election by a mere 11 votes to B.C. Liberal Lorne Mayencourt.
In today's election, New Democrat Selina Robinson should have no trouble reminding their supporters of the importance of getting out the vote. The Coquitlam-Maillardville incumbent had the smallest winning margin in the 2013 election — just 41 votes.
In Victoria-Beacon Hill, incumbent New Democrat (and later party leader) Carole James fell just 35 votes short in their first bid for a seat in 2001.
They recently recalled, not at all fondly, how afterward supporters told them “Gee, I thought you'd win so I didn't get out to vote.” How they managed to avoid punching those laggards in the face is a mystery.
The serious political parties don't leave voter turnout to happenstance. Each has its own get out the vote organization, some better than others. But sometimes they are fighting up hill against other forces.
When I started the political beat more than 30 years ago, organizers were still talking about the challenge they faced in the 1979 election.
Voting day, May 10, also marked the seventh and deciding game in a landmark hockey playoff between the Montreal Canadiens and the Boston Bruins. Given the intensity of the followings for both teams, there was no persuading many a British Columbian who'd not already voted to do so after play got underway at 5 p.m. Pacific time.
The game, ranked as one of the most memorable in playoff history, saw the Bruins take a bad penalty late in the third period, Montreal's legendary Guy Lafleur score to tie it up, and the Canadiens Yvon Lambert settle matters at the 10-minute mark of overtime.
By then the polls were closed in B.C., much to the frustration of organizers for both main parties.
As also happened, the 1979 election is remembered both as one of the closest and most polarized in provincial history. The Socreds defeated the New Democrats by just five seats and two points in the popular vote.
B.C. Liberal Leader Gordon Campbell vented their own frustrations about turnout after the 2005 and 2009 elections when the party did not, in their perfectionist view, mount a sufficiently rigorous get out the vote drive.
Campbell won both elections by decisive margins. Nevertheless they thought the Liberals left a half dozen or so seats on the table for lack of effort.
But as one Liberal observed back in those days, the fundamental shortfall was in recruiting enough volunteers. “When Liberals call for help their supporters pull out their chequebooks,” they remarked. “When the New Democrats do so, their supporters roll up their sleeves and get to work.”
Generally that comparison has been valid over the years. But the New Democrats believe they themselves fell short in turning out support in 2013 because of overconfidence and taking the win for granted.
Not likely will they fail to “give 110 per cent” this time as they say in the team dressing room. No disrespect to fans of the Ottawa Senators and the New York Rangers, but I doubt tonight's scheduled playoff game between those two will prove as great a distraction as did the Bruins versus Canadiens a generation ago.
For all the efforts of the parties, in the end it is up to those who vote and those who don't.
“Elections are decided by the people who show up,” says U.S. political scientist Larry Sabato.
Everyone has opinions. But the only ones that count on election day are translated into a check mark on a ballot and deposited at a polling station.
“You mean you can't vote on Twitter?” wrote one social media activist on the morning after the 2013 election. They were just kidding, I think.
“Every vote counts,” the election organizers say. One might add, with a nod to the memory of Frank Calder, “especially your own.”
VPalmer@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/VaughnPalmer
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com
Just if you didn't know, Facebook Timeline is the latest feature that was introduced in the recent Facebook Conference, F8. It's generally a complete overhaul of the profile page with the new ability to view your status updates in a list sorted by time, hence the name.
With this new feature comes a new way of introducing yourself though graphic other than profile photo, and we call it Timeline Cover. And yes, what you can expect is thousands of facebookers try to be creative with their new timeline cover, spawning the hype all over the web.
In this showcase we're gonna show you 40 awesome and creative timeline covers which either inspire you, amaze you or just make you burst out into laughter.
Also, at the end of the article, we are going to throw in a Facebook time PSD template (updated) to guide you creating one accurately. Have fun with them and enjoy being creative with yours!
Recommended Reading: Creative Facebook Timeline Cover – Part II
Nice use of Polaroid-style photo to introduce the profile owner! The new Facebook Timeline is actually a virtual board for you to show off your creativity, so toy around with it and show to others how creative you are!
Creative photo with creative usage. You won't know what's happening by just looking at their photo in status page, but you will get shocked once you see them profile/timeline page!
Yes, this is a timeline cover, see carefully. What a neat and amusing trick!
Nirajan Bom Malla
One of the timeline cover's tricks that went viral is to use the screenshot of other social media site as the cover. Google+ in Facebook, will this be possible in future?
Antonio Fadda
Brilliant combination of the profile photo and the timeline cover, and yes, it's creative.
Delphin Hauchard
Nicely adjusted profile photo and the timeline cover, what a great way to show the best moment of life.
Willing to show not just the single best moment of life? With timeline cover and some Photoshop works you can get more great moments of life glued onto the cover!
I just like this one. It's creative, amusing and warmful at the same time.
Emanuele Bartolomucci
Very sleek way of introducing the timeline feature and the profile owner.
People might start selling the timeline cover's space as ads, will it be possible?
And the Internet does not disappoint you, Enk Shahbaz Mehdi, but I think this was intended to be a good joke. Anyway, poke if interested!
Fake 3D is one of the best tricks to show off your design skills, inspiring work!
Fabio Maravilla
Such a neat and detailed trick! Look at the smallest piece in the profile photo, cute!
Florim I. Qerimi
I thought it was some sort of hypnotism at the first time I'm looking it.
Gianmarco Carrieri
What a simple and sweet integration of profile photo and timeline cover.
You will never know they are doing the contact with the extraterrestrial creature by just looking at their profile photo!
Feeling less creative? Just draw what you can think of, and it will become a creative cover!
Menteş Nihat Baran
I'm always curious about the difference between touching the alien's finger and touching the God's finger.
Nice blending between the real life photo and cartoonic graphic, you can even see the page owner's shadow rendered in the profile photo!
Jeremy Bronson
It's a big head! But wait, whose head is it? Nice one indeed.
A beautiful way to introduce yourself with a sleek background and some sexy fonts.
Jessica Barnard
Vintage means viral, don't you know it?
Johnny Gigantic
Probably a masterpiece, except that you won't get much meaning by just looking at their profile photo.
With such a serious looking profile photo, you won't expect their timeline cover to be so amusing.
A simple message cloud will tell that you are creative.
Lanfranco Nantele
Another nice attempt with message cloud, but in a more artistic way.
Leo Lee
What will happen if I touch on the profile photo?
The reaction of the photo is just awesome.
You wouldn't know a shark is approaching them if you didn't see their timeline cover!
And this guy is not as lucky as the one showcased above.
He's trying to understand what's happening with their new timeline cover.
Mohammad L. Azzam
Stay hungry, stay foolish, stay creative.
I like this one, to be honest.
Perfect integration between the timeline cover and profile photo, it's royal!
Oliver Elsner
If you want to show your creativity while remaining the professional look, go for this style.
You know, classic game never stop to impress people.
If my eyes are still functioning well, I can see a guy coming from it.
Rudolfo Nobre
There's certainly some physic between the timeline cover and the profile photo.
It feels good for sure.
Tom Lambie
I'm sure I am a geek as I understand this joke.
Click here to enter the gallery
Male birth control, like flying cars, just seems like one of those things we should have by now. It's the 21st century—if they can find the Higgs Boson and bring back Arrested Development, shouldn't they be able to come up with a birth control option for men that isn't a condom or a vasectomy?
It's hardly for lack of trying. There's the classic "men have millions of sperm, but women have only one egg" argument, but that's far from the only challenge. For a long time, it was widely assumed that men just wouldn't be interested, though research has since proved that assumption wrong.
"I think largely, it was a generational shift, too," says Elaine Lissner, director of the Male Contraception Information Project (MICP). "Once the Baby Boomers came into power, there was more openness to the concept, versus the generation before the Baby Boomers."
Interest in the scientific community has grown to the point that the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD) has hosted several conferences on developing male birth control methods. But pharmaceutical companies are the ones that will need to show interest in order for something to really get off the ground. And they've been largely hesitant, so far. Unlike a drug for, say, cancer, birth control ostensibly would be used by otherwise healthy men, which means there's a much higher bar for safety.
"I see it as they're just not willing to put their toe in the water," says Diana Blithe, program director for the Contraceptive Development Research Centers Program and the Male Contraceptive Development Program at the NICHD. "But if there was a prototype on the market, I think others would come relatively quickly. It's just [that] getting the first [one] all the way through the hurdles is a relatively long process. And it's not something that they see as an immediate return on their investment. I think that it's something that you really have to have a long vision for and companies tend not to have a very long vision... Nothing is going to get to market soon."
But the biggest challenge is that even among those pursuing male birth control, no one can seem to agree on the best way to do it. Everyone I talk to tells me three more methods I should look into. Pills, injections, implants or procedures? Hormonal or non-hormonal? After talking to many researchers and experts in the field, I compiled eight different male contraception methods that are currently in development and outlined the cost, convenience, effectiveness, reversibility and status of each, in the gallery above.
In the vote on Monday, almost 90 percent of the airline's 12,500 employees had participated, with a clear majority of them opposed to management's proposals.
Under the rescue plan, some 1,700 jobs would be cut at the Italian flagship carrier and the remaining staff would have to endure a salary cut by 8 percent.
"The workers' anger won out," said Antonio Piras, general secretary of the Fit-Cisl union, explaining why workers had rejected a plan that had been agreed with unions.
Alitalia - owned 49 percent by Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways - has been bailed out repeatedly by Italian governments and private investors, though Rome says it will not renationalize Alitalia if creditors are losing patience.
Etihad and the Italian banks Intesa Sanpaolo and UniCredit have said they would only inject new funds if the unions agree to the new collective labor agreement and cuts.
Crucial board meeting
The Italian government, which acted as a mediator in negotiations, warned on April 18 that a "no" victory would not only be costly but potentially fatal for the company.
Italian press reports said Alitalia directors would meet on Tuesday to ask the state to establish a "special administration" for a possible takeover or liquidation.
The administrator might seek to prepare industrial and financial plans for a rapid revamp of Alitalia, either as a standalone company or through a partial or total sale, or else put it on course for liquidation.
The pressure to find a solution is intense, with the airline's liquidity expected to run out this month without emergency funding, leaving its fleet grounded.
Restructuring urgent
Alitalia said last month it would cut 1 billion euros in costs over three years and revamp its business model for short and medium-haul flights in order to return to profit by the end of 2019.
It has made an annual profit only a few times in its 70-year history, and has recently been losing at least 500,000 euros ($543,000) a day.
The carrier also plans to increase flights on higher-margin long-haul routes, but workers have remained skeptical over its plans, given a string of failed restructurings in the past.
Before privatization in 2009, various governments disbursed four billion euros in cash to Alitalia, rarely requiring strong industrial strategies in return.
After buying into the airline in 2014, Etihad pledged to return it to profit by 2017 but the turnaround faltered in the face of competition from low-cost airlines and high-speed rail services.
Watch video 02:17 Share Budget airlines take off Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/1BPDf Budget airlines expanding
uhe/rd (Reuters, AFP, dpa)
A research team led by Harvard University scientists has measured the magnetic moment of the antiproton more accurately than ever before.
“That is a spectacular jump in precision for any fundamental quality of the antiproton measurements. That's a leap that we don't often see in physics, at least not in a single step,” said Prof Gerald Gabrielse of the Harvard University's Department of Physics, co-author of the study published in Physical Review Letters.
The physicists were able to capture individual protons and antiprotons in a ‘trap' created by electric and magnetic fields. By precisely measuring the oscillations of each particle, they were able to measure the magnetism of a proton more than 1,000 times more accurately than a proton had been measured before. Similar tests with antiprotons produced a 680-fold increase in accuracy in the size of the magnet in an antiproton.
“Such measurements,” Prof Gabrielse said, “could one day help scientists answer a question that seems more suited for the philosophy classroom than the physics lab – why are we here?”
“One of the great mysteries in physics is why our Universe is made of matter. According to our theories, the same amount of matter and antimatter was produced during the Big Bang. When matter and antimatter meet, they are annihilated. As the Universe cools down, the big mystery is: Why didn't all the matter find the antimatter and annihilate all of both? There's a lot of matter and no antimatter left, and we don't know why.”
Making precise measurements of protons and antiprotons could begin to answer those questions by potentially shedding new light on whether the CPT (Charge conjugation, Parity transformation, Time reversal) theorem is correct. An outgrowth of the standard model of particle physics, CPT states that the protons and antiprotons should be virtually identical – with the same magnitude of charge and mass – yet should have opposite charges.
“Though earlier experiments, which measured the charge-to-mass ratio of protons and antiprotons, verified the predictions of CPT,” Prof Gabrielse said, “further investigation is needed because the standard model does not account for all forces, such as gravity, in the Universe.”
“What we wanted to do with these experiments was to say, ‘Let's take a simple system – a single proton and a single antiproton – and let's compare their predicted relationships, and see if our predictions are correct. Ultimately, whatever we learn might give us some insight into how to explain this mystery.”
While researchers were able to capture and measure protons with relative ease, antiprotons are only produced by high-energy collisions that take place at the extensive tunnels of the CERN laboratory in Geneva, leaving researchers facing a difficult choice.
“Last year, we published a report showing that we could measure a proton much more accurately than ever before,” Prof Gabrielese said. “Once we had done that, however, we had to make a decision – did we want to take the risk of moving our people and our entire apparatus – crates and crates of electronics and a very delicate trap apparatus – to CERN and try to do the same thing with antiprotons? Antiprotons would only be available till mid-December and then not again for a year and a half.”
Though their results still fit within the predictions made by the standard model, Prof Gabrielse said being able to more accurately measure the characteristics of both matter and antimatter may yet help shed new light on how the Universe works.
“What's also very exciting about this breakthrough is that it now prepares us to continue down this road. I'm confident that, given this start, we're going to be able to increase the accuracy of these measurements by another factor of 1,000, or even 10,000.”
______
Bibliographic information: J. DiSciacca et al. 2013. One-Particle Measurement of the Antiproton Magnetic Moment. Phys. Rev. Lett. 110, 130801; doi: 10.1103/PhysRevLett.110.130801
New Mexico Marijuana Decriminalization Bill Passes in House
SANTA FE, NM — A bill that would reduce penalties for possession of small amounts of marijuana by adults was passed Monday on the floor of the House by a 37-33 vote after a heated debate by lawmakers, but faces a difficult deadline for passing in the Senate before lawmakers adjourn.
House Bill 465, sponsored by Rep. Emily Kane (D-Alburquerque) would reduce penalties for adults who possess up to 4 ounces to a civil penalty with increasing fines between $50 and $300, while eliminating the potential for jail time for any amount up to 8 ounces.
“Spending $5 million a year to arrest people with small amounts of marijuana is a waste of resources,” Kane said during a three-hour debate on the bill. “We could put that money to better use.”
Article continues after ad Advertisement
“Reducing penalties for adults to possess small amounts of marijuana just makes sense,” said Kane.
Currently, in New Mexico, possession of up to 1 ounce of marijuana is a petty misdemeanor crime with fines and possible jail time; over 1 ounce and up to 8 ounces of marijuana is a misdemeanor crime with large fines or possible jail time of up to 1 year.
“Why on God's green Earth would we want to spend money throwing college kids in jail for having a few joints when we could be spending that money on early childhood education?” asked Rep. Brian Egolf (D-Santa Fe) during the debate, calling marijuana laws”institutional state stupidity.”
Opponents said the proposal would send the wrong message to young people about marijuana.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
“The perception of risk is a problem. Because as we lower penalties or decriminalize, or however you want to word it, we now imply that it is a safe drug,” said Rep. William Rehm (R-Albuquerque), a retired police officer.
The bill had limited bi-partisan support, with two Republicans, House Minority Whip Nate Gentry and Rep. Terry McMillan of Las Cruces, joining 35 Democrats to vote in favor of the bill. Three House Democrats voted against the bill.
The bill now advances to the Senate, who have only four days left to act on the bill before lawmakers adjourn, concluding New Mexico's 60-day legislative session.
Even if the measure passes the Senate before the end of the session, Gov. Susana Martinez, a former prosecutor, has said she's against relaxing laws on marijuana and could potentially veto the bill.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
“As a prosecutor and district attorney, the governor has seen first-hand how illegal drug use destroys lives, especially among our youth, and they oppose drug legalization or decriminalization efforts,” a spokesperson from the Governor's Office said in a statement Monday.
The last major push for decriminalization of marijuana in New Mexico was in 2001, when Gary Johnson, an advocate for drug-law reform, was governor.
In a recent poll conducted by Research and Polling, Inc, and commissioned by Drug Policy Alliance found that 57% of New Mexican voters are in favor of reducing possession of small amounts of marijuana for personal use from a misdemeanor crime to a civil penalty with smaller fines and no jail time.
“Legislators who voted today in support of HB465 are voting with the will of New Mexicans,” stated Emily Kaltenbach, the New Mexico State Director of the Drug Policy Alliance. “Marijuana reform is becoming a mainstream position and our elected officials are finding it is less and less of a political third rail.”
Around the country, similar change is afoot. There is growing momentum to reduce penalties for small amounts of marijuana, with California reducing penalties in 2010, Connecticut in 2011 and Rhode Island earlier this year.
In the most recent November elections, both Colorado and Washington approved initiatives to legalize and regulate the recreational use and commercial production of marijuana.
Tags: decriminalization
Written by: Harriet Nimmo for Conservation Action Trust
The clock was ticking. Two young bull elephants had broken out of Balule Private Reserve, which borders Kruger National Park, crossed the main R40 road, trashed their way through fields of lucerne, then broken into Makalali Private Reserve.
Unfortunately here they continued to wreak havoc, destroying 10 fences and gates, seemingly just for the hell of it – and more worryingly, threatening the security of the fenced buffalo breeding programme. They were now officially classed as problem animals, and so could legally be shot. So it was time for action – and Michelle Henley, Head of Elephants Alive had to quickly work out the logistics of how to relocate these two bulls back to Balule, some 40kms away, and how to fund this.
It was deemed too dangerous to try to herd the elephants by a helicopter from above, as this would involve the elephants having to cross back over the main road. Instead, reinforcements were called for – and two flat-bed trucks, equipped with cranes and accompanying manpower were dispatched from Nelspruit, thanks to Capture Wildlife Vets.
As dawn broke, a helicopter attempted to locate the bulls – both of which had chosen that day to wander to the very far end of the reserve, miles from where they had last been seen. After several attempts, the helicopter finally located one bull, and darted him.
Then began a race against time, trying to manoeuvre the flat-bed truck to the spot where the bull had gone down. It was impressive to watch the capture team quickly and efficiently rope and hoist the unconscious bull onto the back of the truck, carefully positioning them as safely as possible.
Then began the journey back along the highway, with the elephant roped onto the back of the lorry – an incongruous sight for fellow motorists!
Safely back at Balule the bull was hoisted gently onto the ground and was back on their feet within minutes of the antidote being administered. Bull number two took another day to be found – but they too are successfully relocated back to Balule, which by that point had reinforced its fences.
Trucking the elephants was an impressive logistical feat, which was thanks to the professionalism of the vets, the support of Makalale Reserve who allowed time for the elephants to be relocated, rather than shooting them (despite their fences taking a battering), and the dedication of Elephants Alive.
Scientists working towards mapping and modelling the human brain, have taken the first step by implanting a simplified mouse brain inside its virtual body. This virtual mouse, they say, could one day replace live mice in lab testing - letting them performing mock experiments with the same degree of accuracy. When certain stimuli are applied to the virtual mouse's whiskers and skin, for example, the corresponding parts of its brain are activated. Neurorobotics scientist Marc-Oliver Gewaltig (pron. Gev-AL-Tig) is from the Human Brain Project (HBP) in Switzerland. (SOUNDBITE) (English) MARC-OLIVER GEWALTIG, HUMAN BRAIN PROJECT NEUROROBOTICS SCIENTIST, SAYING: "That allows us at least in a simplified way to have muscles and senses distributed on the body, like touch is distributed across the entire body surface. And simple models of a peripheral nervous system that would allow us to control muscles, and then interface between the brain and these other parts, so that we get basically the whole animal reconstructed." Scientists around the world mapped the position of the mouse brain's 75 million neurons and the connections between different regions. The virtual brain currently consists of just 200,000 neurons - though this will increase along with computing power. Gewaltig says applying the same meticulous methods to the human brain, could lead to computer processors that learn, just as the brain does. In effect, artificial intelligence. (SOUNDBITE) (English) MARC-OLIVER GEWALTIG, HUMAN BRAIN PROJECT NEUROROBOTICS SCIENTIST, SAYING: "If you look at the neurobotics platform, if you want to control robots in a similar way as organisms control their bodies; that's also a form of artificial intelligence, and this is probably where we'll first produce visible outcomes and results." The EU-funded Human Brain Project is scheduled to run until 2023. Among its ambitions, they hope to map diseases of the brain to help diagnose people objectively and develop new, truly personalised therapies.
NEW YORK — Insider-trading charges are being prepared against a vast network of consultants and traders across the US financial industry in a years-long probe that a report suggests will reveal a pervasive culture of backroom dealing.
The investigation could be the largest insider-trading probe in US history, The Wall Street Journal said Saturday citing people close to the issue, with federal officials examining if multiple, organized insider-trading rings reaped illegal profits of tens of millions of dollars.
Some charges could be brought before the end of the year, the Journal said.
The criminal probe is examining some three dozen companies in the probe, which is examining the “expert networks” to clients such as hedge funds and mutual funds, which connected managers of companies with investors in a bid to offer inside tracks on financial deals, according to the report.
Highlighting a focus on insider-trading by the Manhattan US attorney Preet Bharara, the Journal noted they have called the issue a “top criminal priority” for their post.
“Illegal insider trading is rampant and may even be on the rise,” Bharara warned in a speech last month.
Pinpointing over a dozen companies based on both US coasts, the Journal reported that a federal grand jury in New York has already heard evidence in parts of the criminal probe.
Among those being investigated, the newspaper said prosecutors were examining whether bankers with the Goldman Sachs Group leaked information about transactions, including health-care mergers, in a bid to benefit investors.
Inside traders are generally known to profit after being tipped off on deals ahead of time — for example, giving them an opportunity to buy stocks before acquisitions, and then selling them after the shares rise in value.
As well as large financial firms like Goldman Sachs, the investigation is also examining independent analysts and research houses for providing non-public information to hedge funds. The report suggest the three-year probe has involved wiretapping the telephone conversations between consultants and investors.
In one case, a leading analyst at the small Oregon-based Broadband Research wrote to clients on October 26 explaining the firm was under investigation.
Analyst John Kinnucan, in an email sent to two hedge funds and two mutual funds and that was obtained by the Journal, said FBI agents had attempted to get them to help with the probe.
The officials were “thoroughly convinced that my clients have been trading on copious inside information,” Kinnucan wrote.
“(They obviously have been recording my cell phone conversations for quite some time, with what motivation I have no idea.) We obviously beg to differ, so have therefore declined the young gentleman's gracious offer to wear a wire and therefore ensnare you in their devious web,” they wrote, according to the Journal.
In another part of the probe, trading firm First New York Securities anticipated mergers unveiled in 2009, and profited from that information, the financial daily said, citing people close to the investigation.
A spokesperson for the 250-person firm acknowledged to the Journal that it was “one of more than three dozen firms that have been asked by regulators to provide general information in a widespread inquiry.”
Napoli will reportedly pursue Juventus forward Sebastian Giovinco as a possible replacement for the injured Lorenzo Insigne in January.
The Partenopei are expected to be without the 23-year-old talent for at least six months, as they required knee surgery after picking up a serious injury during their team's 1-0 victory over Fiorentina on November 9, and it seems like the Neapolitan side may be ready to make an offer for the underused Bianconeri man.
According to Sportmediaset, Napoli will be looking to take advantage of the 27-year-old's lack of playing time at Juventus and could attempt to sign them in January.
The former Parma man, whose current contract with the Old Lady is set to expire in June 2015, has struggled to show their quality this season due to Juve's abundance of forwards and has made just four Serie A appearances this campaign thus far.
Up until their injury, Insigne had scored one goal and provided two assists in their 11 league appearances this term.
NewsAbortion
CLEVELAND, Ohio, October 25, 2016 (LifeSiteNews) — As tens of thousands of baseball fans gather to watch the Chicago Cubs and Cleveland Indians face off in Game 1 of the World Series on Tuesday night, they will see the face of a person killed by today's the greatest human rights atrocity: abortion.
Created Equal's new Vote Anti-Abortion initiative is flying a giant banner of an abortion victim over Progressive Field and nearby Quicken Loans Arena, where the defending NBA champion Cleveland Cavaliers open their season on Tuesday night against the New York Knicks. The group says it could reach around 100,000 people in the vicinity
Created Equal's Vote Anti-Abortion campaign features abortion victims on tow banners, mobile billboards, street outreach events, and jumbo television screens in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Florida. The group's primary aim is to educate people about abortion's tiniest victims — the very children it kills — and how abortion is a form of age discrimination.
Roughly 2,900 young human beings are aborted each day in the United States. The United States is one of only seven countries that allows elective abortions after 20 weeks, halfway through pregnancy.
A new study has demonstrated that showing photos of abortion victims changes people's minds about the issue rather than turning them off to the pro-life message.
“We are a visual culture. Americans must see abortion in order to reject abortion,” Created Equal director Mark Harrington told The Stream.
Recently, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton defended partial-birth and late-term abortion in their final debate against Donald Trump. Trump pointed out that Clinton's position is that it's OK to “rip the baby out of the womb” up until the day before birth.
The World Series begins at 8:08 p.m. EDT.
Microsoft has a decades-long record of investment in software platforms. As a result, we have built a significant patent portfolio in this field, and we have a responsibility to our customers, partners, and shareholders to ensure that competitors do not free ride on our innovations. We have also consistently taken a proactive approach to licensing to resolve IP infringement by other companies, and have been talking with several device manufacturers to address our concerns relative to the Android mobile platform.
The lawyers up in Redmond seem to have been woken from their slumber with the sudden realization that -- oh look! -- Google's Android OS infringes on Microsoft's boatload of software patents. How specifically it does so is not identified, but Microsoft believes that elements from both the user interface and the underlying operating system are in violation of its rights. This is very much in keeping with the Windows maker's crusade to assert patent claims over Linux , which in the past has garnished it with cross-licensing deals with Amazon and Xandros , as well as a settlement from TomTom . Lawsuits are not yet being discussed here, but lest you think this is a small-time disturbance, longtime Windows Mobile / Windows Phone partner HTC has already decided to shorten its list of troubles by ponying up for a license from Microsoft that covers its Android phones -- it would be pretty insane if Microsoft sued one of its biggest and most important hardware manufacturers for patent infringement, after all. Even still, it's now an unfortunate fact that HTC is having to pay Microsoft royalties to use Google's operating system. Strange days, indeed.Microsoft deputy general counsel of intellectual property Horacio Gutierrez just sent us a statement saying that the company's been "talking to several device manufacturers to address our concerns relative to the Android mobile platform." We're taking that to mean the same as above: Microsoft isn't too interested in suing any of its Windows Mobile / Windows Phone partners, so it's trying to work out patent license deals with those companies in advance of any nastiness. It's an interesting strategy: patents forbid anyone from making, using, or selling your invention, so Redmond can protect its partners while still leaving open the possibility of a lawsuit with Google itself down the line. In fact, we'd almost say it seems like Microsoft's agreement with HTC is as much of a threat to Google as Apple's lawsuit -- Redmond's basically saying you can't sell an Android device without paying a license fee, and we'd bet those fees are real close to the Windows Phone 7 license fee. Clever, clever -- we'll see how this one plays out. Here's Horacio's full statement:[Thanks, Jack]
A former instructor in Southern Utah University's English as a Second Language program has raised a variety of concerns about the quality of the program, including the toleration of plagiarism, low academic standards, and a preponderance of instructors without extensive training or experience teaching English as a second language. According to information provided by the university at Inside Higher Ed's request, 5 of the 14 instructors hold master's degrees in education, in one case with a focus on ESL. Three have master's degrees in other fields. Five have only bachelor's degrees, and one has just an associate of science. Nine of the 14 instructors have less than two years of experience teaching ESL.
The charges by the former instructor have set off an investigation by the university. The inquiry comes at a time that Southern Utah, like many colleges and universities, has quickly expanded efforts to recruit full-paying international students, and to teach them enough English to enroll.
Southern Utah's intensive English program enrolls 170 students, who predominantly come from Saudi Arabia and are supported by government scholarships. Belinda Frost, who resigned earlier this month, paints a portrait of an intensive English program with little oversight and little regard for consistent – or rigorous – academic standards. There was no one, they said, who evaluated instructors or reviewed their syllabuses or final exams. According to Frost, there were some instructors who assigned very little homework and who gave high marks to students with abysmal attendance. Frost provided Inside Higher Ed with one instructor's essay grading rubric, which assigns one point each, on a four-point scale, to neatness, content, grammar and being on time. (The instructor who created the rubric, Judy Bulloch, declined to comment for this article.)
“There's just been zero oversight,” Frost said. “I think the program was just set up as a money-making machine for the university.”
Though the program is being revamped, it has consisted of five levels of English, each level consisting of three four-week modules. Students advance from level to level based on their grades. Once students complete the five levels they can matriculate into Southern Utah. Unlike at many other institutions, there is no additional requirement that these students earn a minimum score on a standardized test (such as the Test of English as a Foreign Language) in order to enroll.
“We sent kids into that university who were not prepared in any shape or form,” Frost said.
Standards and Plagiarism
Frost's concerns boil down to two main, interrelated issues: instructor quality and academic standards. In making a complaint about instructor quality to the university's provost, Frost cited “syntax, content, and lexical issues” in an e-mail they received from a (then-) fellow instructor, which describes the instructor's plans for teaching The Diary of Anne Frank to students in the fifth and final level of ESL. As the instructor wrote, “The research paper this time will be for my class, an autobiography of their own life, so I can tone down the Jewish aspect. Political issues over there are widespread as these young men have been taught that Hitler was a military hero. They do not know they killed millions of Jews and after having this little shockeroo one day at home when we were discussing heroes at the dinner table, I prefer to side step this. They can have empathy for Anne as a person in a difficult circumstance and use a journal and their own life story themselves to help them get through their own life challenges.”
The e-mail continues: “I want this final term to be something they have written of excellence. I have tried individual 1-page papers, and chapter summaries and other ways to get them to write. If they feel insecure or don't know how to write, they resort to internet pieces which helps them do nothing...”
Frost reports that plagiarism has been a problem in the program. Frost said that they reported one student for plagiarism three different times and the student remained enrolled in the program nonetheless. The student handbook states that plagiarism is not allowed, but leaves a degree of wiggle room regarding the consequences: “If you do this [plagiarize], you will receive an F on your assignment and no points will be given,” the handbook says. “If you continue to do this you may be asked to leave the program.”
Frost provided copies of three students essays graded by another instructor, Nina Hansen, to The Salt Lake Tribune. According to the newspaper's account, the papers were summaries of the Lois Lowry book Number the Stars. The students' names were obscured. The Tribune reports that each of the essays had handwritten comments noting the problem of plagiarism. One, which the newspaper describes as “a wholesale theft from SparkNotes, complete with its headings,” received the grade of 73; the other, which the newspaper describes as almost entirely cut and pasted from Wikipedia -- complete with the underlined words indicating hyperlinks -- received an 88.
Hansen, who has been put on probation by the university, did not respond to Inside Higher Ed's requests for comment. However, they told the Tribune that they give Fs for plagiarism when they catch it, and said, "If there was a passing grade on a plagiarized paper it is only the grade the student would have received if it had not been plagiarized."
Frost said they discovered the plagiarized papers in a folder left on their shelf in the office they shared with the other instructors. In their resignation e-mail they cited the papers as “indicative of the lack of standards in our program, which includes lax grading policies and teacher qualifications.” Frost – who said they returned the essays to the office after photocopying them – was charged by SUU police for misdemeanor theft of lost property on Monday, and barred from campus upon threat of arrest.
A university spokesperson, Dean O'Driscoll, said that the criminal complaint was brought by Hansen, rather than by university administrators. They said on Tuesday that the university has handed the case off to local law enforcement agencies “to help people understand the university is not involved in those theft charges in any way." They also said that the criminal trespassing order has been altered, so that Frost is free to appear any place on campus other than the ESL office and teaching area.
Investigations and Improvements
It is difficult to get a wide range of perspectives on what's happening at Southern Utah. Ten different instructors contacted by Inside Higher Ed either did not respond to interview requests or declined to comment. The interim director of the program, Robert Goodman, also did not respond to phone and e-mail messages. O'Driscoll, the vice president for university relations, said on Tuesday that the university would ask an accredited ESL program to conduct an external review of its program.
“Academic integrity is our lifeblood,” said O'Driscoll. “We take these allegations seriously and that's why we're taking time to do a complete investigation of the entire program and to be very thorough so we know what we're dealing with and we know what corrections and improvements we need to make.”
The program is fairly young. Southern Utah's School of Continuing and Professional Studies assumed control of the intensive English program in 2011; prior to that, a private company, Internexus, had operated it. The ESL program does not have separate, programmatic accreditation (not all English language programs do), and the program is not listed as a member of either the University and Colleges Intensive English Programs or the American Association of Intensive English Programs
Southern Utah's program has also experienced significant turnover at the leadership level. Goodman, who has a master's in international management as well as a secondary teaching certificate with endorsements in Spanish and speech communication, took over on an interim basis after the previous director left six months ago. O'Driscoll said a new director for the institute is scheduled to come on board in January: Andrea Stiefvater, who is currently at Morrisville State College, holds an Ed.D. in literacy and TESL.
For their part, Frost said they are not hopeful that the program will improve significantly until instructors are better-compensated. According to O'Driscoll, pay for instructors ranges from $17.50 to $20 per hour: Frost said they were paid $17.50 per hour taught (with no compensation for time spent preparing for classes or grading), and per hour spent in faculty meetings and office hours. Frost said there are no TESL or applied linguistics programs in the area – they said their own master's in applied linguistics comes from a distance program operated by the University of New England, in Australia – so it's difficult to find highly qualified instructors locally. Nobody, they said, would move to Cedar City, Utah for that pay.
They gathered at the Space Needle, in downtown Tacoma and in cloudy living rooms across the state. Pot smokers, once the scourge of law enforcement and scare films such as "Reefer Madness" became legit Thursday in Washington State.
"It means I don't have to worry," said Marty Johnson of Seattle, who stood with friends near the Space Needle to celebrate the first legal pot day in state history. "We've waited. It took more time than it should have but now it's legal."
Well, almost. While the November passage of I-502 made personal use amounts of marijuana legal in the state, it didn't change federal law -- a fact the Western District U.S. Attorney's office was quick to point out.
"Regardless of any changes in state law, including the change that will go into effect on December 6th in Washington State, growing, selling or possessing any amount of marijuana remains illegal under federal law," U.S. Attorney Jenny A. Durkan wrote in a statement released Wednesday.
However, the Seattle Police Department Blotter had a decidedly more casual take on the new law:
"Does this mean you should flagrantly roll up a mega-spliff and light up in the middle of the street? No. If you're smoking pot in public, officers will be giving helpful reminders to folks about the rules and regulations under I-502 (like not smoking pot in public)," the SPD Blotter posted on Dec. 5.
"But the police department believes that, under state law, you may responsibly get baked, order some pizzas and enjoy a Lord of the Rings marathon in the privacy of your own home, if you want to."
Even so, the state is trying to move ahead with additional specific regulations. And local entrepreneurs are following right behind. My Northwest reports that "potpreneurs" are springing up with cookbooks and classes for marijuana edibles.
But how to regulate the sales? The state is looking to pot industry experts for advice, according to the Associated Press. But officials still don't know exactly what to do in the short-term, KOMO news reports.
Currently, it's legal to possess it but not to grow or buy pot.
"We are in uncharted territory," Seattle City Attorney Pete Holmes, told KOMO.
The Antelope Island Fall Classic 50k starts with a couple of miles of easy uphill. Somewhere to the east the sun has risen, but for now we run in shadow. In a canyon on our left, coyotes start to howl, welcoming the morning. Runners stop, look at each other. Some of us stand and listen for a moment before we continue. The sun is peeking over the horizon as we reach the hilltop.
It's a perfect day, in the next ten miles all my extra layers will be discarded. I tend to dress a little on the warm side, so I'm really happy that I decided to wear a tank top as my first layer.
The next few miles are fast and flat followed by a downhill to Death Valley. Everybody seems to make it through Death Valley alive, in spite of the buffalo grazing on the hillside. More fast flats, and we climb to the first aid station.
I get some Coke and PB&J. Can I just say, and hope that all race directors will listen, that Coca-Cola is amazing at an aid station? I don't know what it is, I don't drink Coke any other time, but it is perfect during a race.
Fast downhill again. The course, overall, is pretty easy for a 50k. The website shows 3500 feet of vertical, but my watch ends up closer to 3000 feet. For a Utah race of any length, that's almost flat. Don't get me wrong, the lack of vertical doesn't mean things can't go horribly wrong.
Respect the distance.
The west side of the island is very pretty in a wild and barren sort of way. This summer 50% of the island burned in a wildfire. I expected to see more signs of this, but the island seems almost normal. Most of the vegetation is grass, with very few trees, so recovery is easier than it would be in many places. There is an ashy, burnt smell when the wind dies down, and some areas look charred, but life has fought back quite well. At some point, I look at my watch and realize I haven't eaten in over an hour and a half. I eat a couple of slices of running potatoes (my own recipe) and keep going. Probably should have eaten a little more… There is a pretty substantial hill coming up where the course crosses over to the east side of the island. I remember the hill from this race three years ago, and I dread it, but my troubles begin before this hill makes its appearance. There is a part of the course that runs right along the shoreline. There are big rocks, fun to run on, and I jump from one to another like a gazelle…I might not look exactly like a gazelle, but it is fun. After the fun rocks is a section of sand alternating with smaller rocks. I start to really slow here, my pace completely falters, and at one point I just stop, stand in the middle of the trail and look around.
It's not a steep spot, but I suddenly decide I can't take another step. The next aid station is about two miles away, but that seems like an extreme distance. My husband is ahead of me somewhere, so I decide to call them so they can come and get me. I decide this although I'm not anywhere near a road, my husband does not have their phone on him, and besides that they are running! Then I remember that there is very spotty cell service on the island, especially at the finish line where I parked my car.
This thought process is a lot harder and more time consuming than you would think. It wasn't until much later that I realized my ridiculous plans were the result of low blood sugar. My underfed body had depleted my underfed brain of all its sense.
I start walking for a few minutes, then stop again. I'm so hot! I'm so hungry! I'm so glad I'm alone so I can't whine to anyone! I take off my pack and shed my extra layers of clothes. I try all of the mantras that usually work. My current favorite is Finish on Empty! That one has been great during Spartan races, but it doesn't work so well when you're already on empty with miles to go.
I sit on a flat rock on the side of the trail and eat. A couple of runners pass and ask if I'm okay. I'm not sure what my answer is, but it must be reasonable, because no medical helicopter shows up.
Only a week or two before I had written a post for you guys called Under the Bridge. I start thinking about the advice I gave in that post, and realize that's the advice I currently need the most.
I get up and start going again and reach the dreaded hill. I start to feel better, but my hoped-for time has been completely blown away. I start thinking the whole field has already passed me, and the man coming up the hill behind me is sweeping the course.
But he's not the sweeper, and the hill turns out to be not so dreadful. I reach the aid station at the top, not quite half way, and tell the kind volunteers that I'm having a rough day. They say, “well let's see if we can turn it around!”
And they did. More Coca-Cola, PB&J and some advice to DRINK MORE!
I drop down to the west side of the island. This side isn't as pretty, but there are nice views of the mountains of the Wasatch Front. This half is mostly flat. I usually have trouble with flat, but my day truly has turned around, and I maintain a pretty good pace for the rest of the race. The race three years ago had been short of a 50k, but the course this year has been modified, adding about a mile of pavement at the end.
I collect my finisher's cup (chili bowl) and have it filled with buffalo chili. The buffalo chili at all the Antelope Island races is made by the race director's wife, and it is delicious!
Like every race, I learned something. Like most races, I finished. My time was slow, but for me, not shamefully slow. I mean, I am The Trail Snail.
Buffalo Run Adventures Home Page
Citizen Science
What kind of lizard is that climbing up the wall? Why do some reptiles and amphibians (herps, as scientists and enthusiasts collectively know them) thrive in our cities and backyards while others do not? How can we protect and attract biodiversity in urban habitats?
To find out why some species thrive in cities, we first have to spend time investigating which species are living in urban areas and which species from the region are absent from developed areas. Only then can we begin to plan for a future where biodiversity flourishes even in the midst of populous cities.
“The one area that remains largely ignored by most conservation organizations is heavily urbanized regions. No organization has set about developing methods explicitly for use in conserving biodiversity in heavily urbanized regions,” explains Greg Pauly of the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County (NHMLA). “The Nature Conservancy is trying to change that, and there is no better place in the world to attempt this than in the Los Angeles Area. There is incredible biodiversity here, but it is threatened by the incredible levels of urbanization.”
The RASCals Project, which is led by NHMLA, is providing crucial data from urban areas. This data is being used for a larger collaboration with The Nature Conservancy to enhance the knowledge of biodiversity in Greater Los Angeles.
You can join them by finding and taking photos of herps and submitting them to the project through email or iNaturalist.
Little RASCals in the Big City
“We have a relatively good record of what was here in the past because the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County is the second largest museum in the US by specimen count with over 35 million specimens,” Pauly notes, “many of which can speak to where species were found in this region in the past.”
Much has changed as the city has grown and, counterintuitively, people often overlook the very creatures that live nearest to them. In fact, the citizen scientists of RASCals have already uncovered four non-native species that hadn't previously been documented in California, including the Indo-Pacific Gecko.
“For many of these records, we have worked with the citizen scientists who made the initial observation and included them as co-authors on the eventual publications,” says Pauly. “As a result, these citizen scientists have experienced the entire scientific process from initial discovery to publishing in the peer-reviewed scientific literature.”
Observations have also helped them to understand which native species are most abundant in the city.
“The two most urban-tolerant species are western fence lizards (Sceloporus occidentalis) and alligator lizards (Elgaria multicarinata),” says Bree Putman, a postdoctoral researcher working with RASCals, “RASCals is especially important for documenting alligator lizard occurrences because this species is secretive and does not bask out in the open like the fence lizards.”
Researchers continue to work on untangling why these lizard species are thriving in urban areas. Every observation adds new data that can help them solve the puzzle as they compare the modern observations to historical distributions from the NHMLA's database of specimens.
“In addition to a biodiversity assessment,” says Sophie Parker of The Nature Conservancy in California, “the project will also allow us to develop a methodology for doing biodiversity conservation planning in an urban setting, which will be precedent-setting for TNC.” Such planning may reveal opportunities for biodiversity conservation, stormwater capture and ecosystem restoration.
Get Involved
“The biggest challenge to doing biodiversity assessments in an urban area is that you are working in a giant jigsaw puzzle of private property. Just about every 10 paces you are on a different piece of private property,” says Pauly. “The habitat is front yards, back yards, school yards, parking lots, street trees, etc. This is an incredibly challenging place to do a biodiversity survey because most of the habitat is not accessible to biologists. At the NHM, we realized that the best solution was citizen science.”
Start by learning where you can find and photograph RASCals and how to stay safe while searching. Identifying the herps you discover is a fun and effective way to learn. Don't worry, if you're uncertain of an ID, the museum staff or a fellow iNaturalist user will make the identification.
Next submit your data to the RASCals Project. You will be able to see your data and other RASCals submissions on the RASCals iNaturalist page.
The next time someone asks what kind of lizard is climbing up the wall, chances are you'll have the answer. Certainly, you will have been a part of ensuring that your city remains an attractive and healthy place for people and nature.
Wish that you were in SoCal to participate? Look for similar biodiversity projects in your area on iNaturalist.
Today Twitter revealed that while it's actually growing now—it added four million monthly Tweeters over the last three months—the company has made a crucial error: It accidentally inflated user growth in its reports for the previous three years.
On Thursday morning, Twitter released its quarterly earnings in a letter to shareholders. In the report, the company wrote that it recently discovered that, since the end of 2014, it had been erroneously counting users of apps that used Digits, Twitter's now defunct developer toolkit, in its tally of monthly users.
Advertisement
Twitter launched Digits in October of 2014. The service, released independently from the social network, was pitched to developers as a way for them to simplify how users signed up for (and logged into) their apps. But according to Twitter's story, if you made an app and used Twitter's Digits SDK over the past three years, the company might have counted your users as its own.
Google parent company Alphabet bought Digits and other developer tools from Twitter this summer, taking with it many of Twitter's nonexistent users.
Twitter has since revised some of its numbers, shaving off a whopping 1 to 2 million active users per quarter since the end of 2016. But Twitter says it can't adjust user numbers earlier than that, because it apparently doesn't have the data to calculate how far off its reports may have been.
Advertisement
When reached for comment, Twitter said it disclosed the issue in its shareholder letter and, in lieu of a comment, referred Gizmodo to the portion of the letter that addresses the mishap:
We discovered that since the fourth quarter of 2014 we had included users of certain third-party applications as Twitter MAUs that should not have been considered MAUs. These third-party applications used Digits, a software development kit of our now-divested Fabric platform, that allowed third-party applications to send authentication messages via SMS through our systems, which did not relate to activity on the Twitter platform.
Twitter declined a follow-up request from Gizmodo to make any further statements about the miscalculation.
Advertisement
This new discovery means Twitter's previously reported lack of growth was even more bleak that we thought. But Twitter did show today that its monthly active users grew by four percent in the last three months, hitting 330 million in the third quarter of this year. The company is also confident it may actually turn a profit for the first time ever in the fourth quarter. In light of the report, Twitter shares grew by more than 11 percent.
[Wall Street Journal] [Twitter]
Tooth scary! Dental emergency sees departing Hammer Morrison have SEVEN teeth removed
Ravel Morrison's career has taken another twist after it emerged they were sent home from West Ham's pre-season tour to have seven teeth removed.
Morrison, who joined Championship side Birmingham on loan yesterday, shocked Hammers staff when they complained of toothache in Germany last week.
Club officials were initially preparing to fine the former Manchester United midfielder for failing to turn up for training when they made the gruesome discovery.
They were flown back to England for emergency treatment and told their teeth are in such poor condition that up to seven will have to be extracted.
New boy: Ravel Morrison has joined Birmingham on a season-long loan
Morrison, who has failed to make an impact at Upton Park since they moved from United last season, has been advised to have dental implants, costing around £28,000.
They will initially wear temporary moulds while the implants are being made.
Morrison leads a chaotic lifestyle and surprised Hammers staff on their pre- season tour with their increasingly bizarre behaviour.
The midfielder refused to drink anything other than official ‘West Ham bottled water' during their short stay in Germany.
Morrison, who made their senior United debut in the Carling Cup against Wolves in 2010, has struggled to convince West Ham boss Sam Allardyce they are ready for regular first-team action.
Although there is no doubt they have the ability to be a top player, they lack maturity.
John McDonnell has demanded action from new chancellor Philip Hammond as new research showed Britain's growth forecast had plunged.
The UK has a 50/50 chance of slipping into recession in the next 18 months, the National Institute of Economic and Social Research said.
It also said the UK stands to lose 320,000 jobs and could see inflation rise above three per cent. The report also claimed growth would slow to 0.2 per cent this quarter and would stagnate for the rest of the year.
McDonnell condemned the Conservatives “woeful lack of planning” for leaving the EU, which is causing huge uncertainty for businesses and workers concerned about the future of the economy.
The shadow Chancellor said the Government could not continue with previous chancellor George Osborne's planned cuts until the Autumn statement, which would be the next chance to reverse them.
“The economic outlook for the UK is uncertain, and it's time the Chancellor stepped up and told us what they are planning to do.”
“The Government's woeful lack of planning for the impact of the EU referendum result has only added to the uncertainty employees and employers are feeling today. Many people are understandably anxious – fearing for their jobs and worried about the future of the economy.
“It's imperative that Philip Hammond tells us what they are planning to do about it. We can't afford to be stuck with Osborne's planned cuts to investment until the autumn statement.
“We must rebalance our economy and support our key industries with an industrial strategy that can provide the good secure jobs that we so desperately need.
“Labour have pledged to invest in our economy – with priority investment in those communities that have been economically neglected for years.”
McDonnell has previously demanded the Government u-turn on its planned cuts to investment following George Osborne's concession they would be unlikely to reach a budget surplus by 2020 due to Brexit. They said the country was being “placed on hold” by the uncertainty around the UK's economic future.
Archbishop Nona tells AsiaNews, an entire "generation is in danger of not being educated". The schools turned into shelters, cannot accommodate lessons. The Church is racing against the clock to find housing, but only a fraction of the institutions will be able to resume activities. In the city and Nineveh plain population is increasingly hostile to the Islamist militias, 98% want "their expulsion."
Ankawa (AsiaNews) - For the first time in history, Iraqi Christians who always had a "high standard of education" in the region, are being deprived of the right to study and cannot attend schools. This represents a further threat to the survival of the minority, not only in Iraq but throughout the Middle East, because there is not the risk that an entire generation "will not be educated", which is a "very bad sign". The warning comes from Msgr. Shimoun Emil Nona, Chaldean Archbishop of Mosul, in the north, the second most important city in the country and first city to fall into the hands of the militia of the Islamic State.
Interviewed by AsiaNews, the prelate confirms that "currently children from many of the refugee families" as well as "children who live in Christian areas" cannot start the school year. "There are about 700 schools scattered between Erbil, Ankawa and Zakkho - they explain - but they are hosting displaced people and are full. In other non-Christian areas the lessons have begun, but not here". Moreover in the areas occupied by the Islamic Caliphate the curriculum has been changed to promote Islam and the Koran.
Msgr. Nona was the first to raise the alarm of the danger posed by the advance of the Islamists after the conquest of Mosul, where about 500 thousand people - Muslims and Christians - fled in early June to avoid being forced to convert to Islam. It was also where the militants founded their caliphate and imposed sharia. In cities and in areas on the Nineveh plain that are under the control of the Islamic State schools have reopened. However, under the instruction of their leader the curriculum has changed to ban history, geography and literature; students must study Arabic and the Muslim religion and are forbidden to speak of the Republic of Iraq or Syria, only of the Caliphate.
An Mosul elementary school teacher of mathematics and Arabic states that "we are in 2014, but it seems have regressed 14 centuries." 95% of the 2,450 schools in the area - Mosul and Nineveh Plain - are in the hands of the Islamists, who have forbidden mixed classes and have closed the Faculty of Law, because "conventional law is no longer in force." Rigid rules, imposed by force, are increasingly arousing the impatience of the local population. If at first people saw them as liberators from a central government (under former Shiite Prime Minister al-Maliki) regarded as the oppressor, today 98% of the people - as reported by an academic in Mosul - "would like to see them gone as soon as possible" .
The archbishop of Mosul, who is also a refugee Ankawa, in Iraqi Kurdistan, cannot confirm this radical change of attitude towards the Islamic state and the distortion of the curriculum at the hands of the militia. They admit however, to "having heard similar rumors", and there is a good chance that "they are true." There are still some Christians in the city, but "very few" who live "isolated" and "in danger" because "anything could happen to them".
Msgr. Nona asks us to pray for a situation "which is growing more dramatic with every passing day" especially with the arrival of winter. This interruption in the schooling of young Christians is a serious problem, because it halts the development of an entire generation of Iraqi Christians, who in the past have always been distinguished for their cultural level and standard of schooling. "It is very negative" says the bishop, and "very dangerous".
In the history of community, education has always been an "important anchor for us," says the Archbishop of Mosul, and as a Church "we are trying to rent as many homes as possible" to free schools and allow the resumption of classes . However, the operation is "very slow, because it is not always possible to find homes or housing is unavailable." Concluding, the prelate says however that there are some small signs of hope, "we rented a building with 56 apartments - they say - that can accommodate all the families who, at this time, are housed in a school in Ankawa" . Only one out of 11, they add, while the goal is "free up at least two or three more." (DS)
Following the first Democratic debate, Fox News and the broader conservative ecosystem erupted in a coordinated effort to paint the Democrats as frivolous spenders, handing out free stuff to everyone without bothering to discuss how they'd pay for it. However, the irony of this attack is thick, given how the Democrats have taken up the burden of fiscal responsibility in the modern era. The Republican Party has no choice but to dig deeply into the history books to find the last GOP president who actually bothered to leave the deficit in better shape than when they were inaugurated. Meanwhile, President Obama, like President Clinton before him, has seen the federal budget deficit fall by record numbers.
According to a new report from the Wall Street Journal's Market Watch site, the federal government ran up a deficit of $439 billion for the 2015 fiscal year. That's 2.5 percent of GDP, which is the lowest level since 2007. Why is this significant? The Obama administration inherited a $1.4 trillion (with a "t") budget deficit -- driven in large part by stimulus spending meant to combat the financial crisis -- which authorized George W. Bush in October 2008.
Advertisement:
Since then, Obama has presided over a gradual $1 trillion-dollar reduction in the deficit. Insofar as deficit reduction is important -- and remember, according to the rhetoric of the GOP over the past several years, it is very important -- this is a massive achievement for the Obama administration. Massive. And neither they nor the Democrats will get any credit for it.
Chart via Steve Benen
If Mitt Romney's lies about the deficit in 2012 were a predictor of the GOP's attack plan for 2016, we can expect to hear the Republican ticket attack both Obama and the Democratic nominee on this very issue. But they won't cite deficit numbers because, well, they're not nearly as dumb as they look. Instead, they'll recycle the Romney tactic of conflating the deficit and the national debt -- two entirely separate numbers.
For example, Romney said during their first debate against Obama in 2012: "The president said he'd cut the deficit in half. Unfortunately, they doubled it." Well, no. The deficit wasn't "doubled" at all. It was the debt that rose, but analysts have repeatedly shown that the chief drivers of national debt were George W. Bush's wars, Medicare Part-D (a Bush-era policy) and the impact of the Great Recession -- none of which was offset with higher taxes or spending cuts. Obama can hardly be blamed for all that.
Not insignificantly, though, the Obama administration's deficit reduction has slowed the growth of the debt. In fact, the year-over-year increase in the debt has slowed to 10 percent. Compare that with the highest growth rate for the debt ever -- 13.4 percent per year under, yes, Ronald Reagan. We'll circle back to comparing the records of recent presidents in a second.
Meanwhile, contra Romney, Obama promised to cut the deficit in half, and they did. It took them five years instead of four, but they did it. Suffice to say, when you hear the GOP talk about government spending, listen for their deliberate swapping of the terms "deficit" and "debt." They do it a lot.
Advertisement:
How exactly did Obama manage to slash the deficit so drastically? It's true that Republicans have controlled the House of Representatives since January 2011 (along with the Senate this term) and those years have been marked by aggressive GOP attempts to roll back the welfare state, punctuated by episodes of legislative brinksmanship that ultimately resulted in the dreaded sequester. But that only tells a part of the story.
Nearly every bill signed by the president has included offsets to make the spending deficit neutral. Why? Because it's been the law of the land ever since President Obama signed the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act in February 2010, which mandates that new spending be offset with spending cuts or new revenue. Yes, a Democratic president and a Democratic Congress passed this legislation. Guess how many congressional Republicans voted for the law. Zero. Not one.
Consequently, the president is responsible for the lowest government spending growth in 60 years. Once again, let's reference Market Watch:
I can name two Democratic presidents who've cut the deficit through the duration of their presidencies: Clinton and Obama. And what about Republican presidents? Bush 43? They turned a $200 billion surplus into a $400 billion deficit by the end of their first term, and a $1.2 trillion deficit by the end of their second term. Bush 41? Nope. Reagan? No. Ford? No. Nixon? No. The last Republican president who cut the deficit was Eisenhower. Along those lines, the recently introduced tax plan of the Republican frontrunner, Donald Trump, would explode the deficit by as much as $10 trillion over a decade. Tell me again: Which is the party of fiscal responsibility?
Advertisement:
A caveat: It's true that Congress, not the president, passes the federal budget, and that the recent Republican-dominated Congresses have been particularly vicious where non-military expenditures are concerned. But if the president is to be blamed for the size of the deficit -- and reminder: Obama is being blamed, at every opportunity -- then it's only fair and intellectually consistent that they should get credit when the deficit is reduced.
Furthermore, and not to bury the lede, but there's no reason the deficit needed to shrink this rapidly. Given the depth of the Great Recession, government spending could've done more to stimulate the economy.
That said, there's this GOP-based obsession with deficit reduction as an indicator of political success even though governments can operate quite well with short-term deficits. Accepting, though, that deficit reduction is a political reality, the Democratic record is galactically better than the GOP on this front. Numbers don't lie.
Ottawa's new city manager Steve Kanellakos has put their stamp on how the municipality's 17,000-strong workforce is organized with a sweeping internal revamp that sees six executive managers and two additional workers shown the city hall door.
The changes will cost taxpayers $1.29 million in severance payments, but are expected to save $2.7 million over the rest of this term of council. And that may be just the beginning with hints of "further cost savings."
The reorganization means that when there's a meeting of senior managers, there will be 10 people around the table, instead of 21. A flatter management structure should make it easier for our city's leaders to communicate and get things done, Kanellakos said.
Ottawa's new city manager Steve Kanellakos hinted more cuts could come. (CBC) "When the senior managers got together there were 21 people sitting around the room with all various levels of responsibility of scope and scale of their jobs. And that made it very difficult to focus, to be able to get the discussions you need about the future of the organization and current issues," said Kanellakos, a long-time city manager who was given the top job in May after a short stint running the show in Vaughan, Ont.
"And I think what this does are it gives clear functions."
The reorganization also means a couple of massive new departments have been created, such as a transportation services department that now includes transit, light rail, traffic and transportation planning.
Public works and environmental services — that's sewers, water and garbage — are being combined into one department. And planning will now include infrastructure, economic development and sponsorship.
Kanellakos said former planning boss John Moser will head the new planning department until the city hires a replacement. Moser will then leave the city.
"We're going to be doing a national search for that," Kanellakos said of the empty planning role. "I think that Ottawa, as the fourth largest city in Canada, should get the best person we can find to lead the planning and infrastructure department."
The new organizational structure of <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/OttCity?src=hash">#OttCity</a> is out: Nine leaders down from 21. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Ottnews?src=hash">#Ottnews</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Ottawa?src=hash">#Ottawa</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Ottpoli?src=hash">#Ottpoli</a> <a href="https://t.co/y9JiYfeZN3">pic.twitter.com/y9JiYfeZN3</a> —@KatePorterCBC
The two deputy manager positions have been eliminated. Eight executive managers now report directly to the city manager. They are:
John Manconi, general manager of transportation services.
John Moser, acting general manager of planning, infrastructure and economic development.
Kevin Wylie, general manager of public works and environmental services.
Janice Burelle, general manager of community and social services.
Dan Chenier, general manager of parks, recreation and cultural services.
Susan Jones, general manager of emergency and protective services.
Marian Simulik, city treasurer and general manager of fleet services, IT and real estate.
Donna Gray, general manager in charge of corporate communications, human resources, Service Ottawa and corporate planning.
In addition to Moser, the senior leaders who are leaving the organization include:
Aaron Burry, general manger of community and social services.
Charles Duffett, chief information officer.
Michael Mizzi, general manager of planning and growth management.
Wayne Newell, general manager of infrastructure services.
Dixon Weir, general manager of environmental services.
Kanellakos also confirmed that two administrators from their own office are leaving the city.
Other staff have changed jobs, although who's gone where isn't as obvious as the executive level moves. Deputy clerk Leslie Donnelly, for example, will become a senior policy advisor to the city manager. Saad Bashir of the economic development branch is moving to IT.
Council unanimously approved the changes, which Mayor Jim Watson said will create "a more streamlined organization that will be more responsive to the public." The mayor also said that management changes are not to affect city services.
More cuts coming
Kanellakos consulted widely before making the management changes, within city ranks, councillors' row and 75 outside stakeholders. None of them said the current process structure at the city was working.
However, Wednesday's executive shuffle may be just the beginning of the reorganization.
I've never said that it wouldn't be fewer people. I've told the staff there will be fewer people. - Steve Kanellakos, city manager
Both Kanellakos and Watson referred to "further cost savings" that will be identified as part of the reorganization, to be found during the months leading up to the 2017 draft budget.
The eight new managers will spend the summer reorganizing their new departments and identify where "efficiencies" might be found.
"It could mean fewer people," said Kanellakos. "I've never said that it wouldn't be fewer people. I've told the staff there will be fewer people. I just don't know what the extent of that is at this stage until we go in and start doing that hard work over the next two months."
Eldora Nature Preserve – Delmont (Maurice River Township), Cumberland County, NJ
Distance – 2.8 miles of trails (official). We did 3.0 miles of trails (with slight overlap).
Type – Series of loops.
Difficulty: 3 of 10
Total score: 5 of 10
Website – The Nature Conservancy
Open – Sunrise to Sunset.
Terrain – Woods, marsh, and a bit of swamp.
Surface – Mostly dirt.
Trailheads – 39°13'2.81″N, 74°55'18.94″W (at back of parking lot)
Directions – 2350 NJ-47, Delmont, NJ 08314
Parking – Decent sized lot
Dog friendly? No dogs allowed
Stroller friendly? No.
Benches? A few scattered ones
Facilities?: Building was not open, so unknown.
Markings – Painted blazes, signs at intersections
Map – Map can be found here.
Description – So back on President's Day Weekend, we spent Sunday checking out the Eldora Nature Preserve. We had tried to hike here the previous winter, but it was closed for hunting, so we were happy to see it was open this time!
So what makes this place special? Moths. No, seriously, this isn't one of my little jokes. There are some endangered moths that live here. So thank you moths for encouraging the saving of this land (I never thought I'd thank a moth).
Anyway, we opted to follow the exterior of the Yellow, Blue, and Red Trails to cover the perimeter of the preserve, which seemed like a great idea until I remembered that I hadn't brought the “baby” (almost three year old?) carrier. We figured it was only 2.3 miles, so we decided to go for it anyway.
We headed up the spur of the Yellow Trail, crossed over some wet area, and arrived at the first intersection.
At the first intersection, we went left onto the Blue Trail. A short while later (and a few more boardwalks) brought us to the next intersection, where we turned left to walk out on the boardwalk to the view point over West Creek.
After this, it was straight back down the boardwalk to the last intersection, where we headed straight (what would have originally been a right). Almost immediately, we turned left onto the Red Trail, the outermost trail of the system.
The official map lists the Red Trail as 1.6 miles, and another map located at the preserve (but not at the trailhead) listed it as 2.04 miles. From the total not matching of our final numbers for this trail (pretty much exactly 3 miles) and the official distance for the outside loop (2.3 miles), I'd have to say that weird mystery map might be the accurate one, and the Red Trail really is just over two miles.
Finally, we reached the end of the Red Trail and turned left onto the Blue Trail. Yay! It would be a very short distance until the Blue Trail dead ended into the Yellow Trail, where we headed left again.
By this point, the sun was really low. But it was 70 degrees in February, so who cares? We marched onward. The Yellow Trail came down to the road, where it then turned and headed straight back away from the road and around some emptier fields.
From the fields, the Yellow Trail reentered the woods, where it passed a small lake before intersecting with… the Yellow Trail! (huh?). We turned left onto the Yellow Trail, and at the intersection pretty much immediately after that turned left to rejoin the initial stretch of Yellow Trail that had brought us into the Preserve.
With the sun nearly gone and temperatures plummeting from 70 degrees to maybe like 68 degrees, we emerged from the woods and realized something… TREE RIDER HAD HIKED THREE WHOLE MILES!
Now, I love my children equally (at least when neither one is yelling), but Tree Rider is almost never in my pictures because, even though they are nearing three, they are still being carried around in the pack. He's only done over a mile maybe four times in their life. I was very spoiled by The Pres, who is a total weirdo and hiked 4 1/2 miles days after they turned two.
So very proud of Tree Rider for doing such an awesome job to go THREE MILES! Good job dude.
Nearby – Belleplain State Forest with its 10,000,000 miles of trails (Note to editor: check source) is right around the corner.
Growing up, Patrick Kane watched now-Devils winger Jaromir Jagr and admired the way they played.
These days, it's Jagr who is watching Kane and admiring the way the Blackhawks winger is going about theirs business.
"(Kane) and (Pavel) Datsyuk are my favorite players to watch," the 41-year-old Jagr said before the Hawks and Devils faced off Monday night at the United Center. "(Kane) is kind of the prototype player from 1995, and he's playing (now). They slow the game down and that's the way we used to love it.
"These young kids, they don't do it anymore. They just go straight out with the best speed they have and hit the boards and go the other way. But (Kane) is different. That's why they can dominate the league because they play a different style. They slow everything down but they have the first two steps so nobody can take the puck from them even though he's not a big guy.
"His intelligence is far ahead than a lot of guys (and) they know how to use the strength they have to their advantage. Not many guys can do that."
With 13 goals and 20 assists entering Monday's game, Jagr led the Devils in scoring while Kane's 21 scores and 27 helpers paced the Hawks.
"(Jagr) was one of the (most fun) players to watch just because of their skill and how big they were and how they dominated the games," Kane, 25, said.
Cold feet: When Jagr pulled off their skates after the morning skate they aren't wearing socks.
"I wear no socks in practice and I wear two (pairs) in the game," said Jagr, who appeared in their 1,429th career game Monday. "Strange, huh? I'll tell you why: I don't want to feel good in practice — I want to feel bad. Then (in) games (it's) mentally helping me. I feel a lot better than in practice. That's why I do it."
Drawing card: Center Marcus Kruger has shown dramatic improvement in the faceoff circle. They won 46.2 percent of their draws last season land is at 56.8 and 11th in the NHL thus far.
"It's getting better and better," Kruger said. "But it's an on-going process. You need to keep it up and do your homework on other centermen and really take pride in doing it."
Kruger has been working with Yanic Perrault, a former Hawks player who excelled at faceoffs.
"A lot of it is timing," Kruger said. "That and the right body position and it's easier to get through (an opponent) and have room to get the puck."
Central Eastside: Stumptown Coffee Roasters
Apprentice coffee roaster Caitlin Morgan operates a roaster at Stumptown Coffee Roasters' Annex location in Portland's Central Eastside, January 27, 2015. The company's aim is to get coffee bagged and shipped within two days of roasting.
(Kristyna Wentz-Graff)
The private equity firm that helped Stumptown Coffee Roasters grow nationally might be contemplating a sale of its stake in the Portland company.
The Wall Street Journal reported, through unnamed sources, that TSG Consumer Partners LLC is already working with financial advisers to put together a possible sale.
A spokesperson for TSG declined to comment Friday to The Oregonian/OregonLive, and Stumptown did not immediately respond to questions.
The investment from TSG kicked up some backlash in 2011, when many wondered if founder Duane Sorenson was still leading the company.
At the time, Stumptown officials maintained said the private-equity backer was needed to expand locations and offerings. There are now shops dotted around the Northwest and in Los Angeles and New York.
TSG invests in consumer product companies, such as VitaminWater and makeup.
The Wall Street Journal reports that TSG owns about 90 percent of the company.
-- Molly Harbarger
mharbarger@oregonian.com
503-294-5923
@MollyHarbarger
Google and Samsung are gearing up to join Apple Pay in the battle to replace your wallet later this year, but another payments app backed by big retailers like Walmart may wait a little longer before entering primetime.
CurrentC, the payments app being created by a consortium of big retailers known as MCX, may not launch widely this year as originally planned, MCX CEO Brian Mooney told Re/code in an interview on Tuesday. The company will begin a public pilot of its app in Columbus, Ohio, in a few weeks and will not rush a wider rollout if the product is not ready, they said.
“This is a long game,” Mooney said. “Certainly going faster is always better — that's not necessarily a debatable point. But we're going to do it right.”
CurrentC — backed by several dozen big merchants including Walmart, Target, Kohl's, Dunkin' Donuts and Exxon — is designed to work on all types of smartphones and let shoppers pay with the app instead of a physical payment card or cash. But while Apple Pay and soon-to-launch services Android Pay and Samsung Pay let users pay using account information from traditional credit cards like Visa, MasterCard and Amex, CurrentC does not.
Instead, CurrentC's beta users can only pay using one of three options: Gift cards, a store's private-label payment card or direct hookups with their checking accounts. Mainstream credit cards carry higher transaction fees than these options, which is a big reason why they aren't currently part of the offering. Mooney said CurrentC could add support for mainstream cards in the future, but wouldn't say when or which ones.
MCX attracted a bunch of attention last year when two of its member merchants, CVS and Rite Aid, shut down support for Apple Pay after briefly accepting it as a payment option. On Tuesday, though, Rite Aid said it would start accepting Apple Pay later this month, and other MCX merchants such as Best Buy have announced plans to accept Apple Pay later this year. MCX members had signed exclusivity agreements which prevented them from accepting competitive wallets, but those expire this month — so it's quite possible we will hear about other MCX retailers choosing to accept mobile wallets other than CurrentC.
Mooney said this turn of events is not surprising, but it's clear the group hoped to have CurrentC live and able to get some “breathing room” before the exclusivity ended. Still, Mooney said they believe CurrentC will be one of the “great competitors” in the space. They cited the large footprint of the participating merchant group as one of the advantages the app may have. They also pointed to the inclusion of coupons and loyalty cards in the app and the likelihood the member merchants will put real marketing dollars behind the app, since they have a financial stake in its success.
Big hurdles remain. For starters, there are not a ton of high-profile success stories in the tech world that are a result of joint ventures. Plus, the company is going up against competitors in Apple, Google and Samsung that are strong technology organizations, each with its own advantages. One advantage they all have over CurrentC: They will be preloaded on millions of new phones over the next few years, while CurrentC will have to get people to download its app. And, like its competitors, CurrentC still has to create enough value to get people to ditch regular cards and cash in the first place.
Either way, none of this matters until CurrentC gets to market.
Former Speaker has a preselection fight on their hands after former protege Tony Abbott supported another candidate and the prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, did not intervene on their behalf
Hunter S Thompson was right in their excoriating obituary for Richard Nixon. Sometimes journalists need to get subjective to see public figures clearly.
It is said within the New South Wales Liberal party that there is one thing that unites Tony Abbott and Malcolm Turnbull. Them name is Bronwyn Bishop. And with the close of NSW preselections on Friday, their time has come.
In a funny way, Bishop was largely responsible the factional system that could take them down. The factional system that is choking the NSW Liberal party.
Bronwyn Bishop has never welcomed the kind of scrutiny they apply to others | David Leser Read more
Bishop has been kicking around the party since the early 1970s. According to many Liberal party sources and a book by journalist David Leser, their support base was the ultra-right wing of the party. Bishop denies the claim. They and their rightwing supporters became known as the “uglies” and the left organised under the name of the “moderates”. The rise of the moderates to control the NSW party began as a reaction against Bishop and the right.
Bishop was president of the NSW division from 1985-87, long enough to secure a Senate spot. There they specialised in dismembering public servants in Senate committees, including the then tax commissioner, Trevor Boucher. They pushed on to the lower house in 1994 in Mackellar, the same year a Newspoll recorded 56% support for a Coalition led by Bishop. It was on the back of a “Bronny for PM” campaign, aided by their spending just over $93,000 of taxpayers' money on travel around the country in the year leading up to their lower house run.
From the safest of safe seats, Bishop's near 30-year career in parliament has been a triumph of ambition over talent. Them underwhelming time as aged care minister was marked by the nursing home kerosene bath scandal. All up they spent five years in a junior ministry until they were dumped by John Howard. They languished on the backbench until elevated by Abbott to the speakership. Once in high office, rather than use their persona to be a kick-arse balanced Speaker, they merely used it for partisan rulings, party fundraisers and personal aggrandisement, such as sucking up to preselectors.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Bronwyn Bishop in November 2009. Photograph: Charlie Brewer
Them career was finally carried off on the blades of a helicopter. Then, in high dudgeon at being dumped as Speaker, they spat in the face of their protege, Abbott, by voting for Turnbull after Abbott carried their stinking political corpse for weeks. It killed both of them.
By 5pm on Friday the nominations close for the NSW Liberal party preselections and Bishop faces the first serious challenge to their preselection.
But if Bishop has a talent, it is for maintaining a North-Korean like grip on their branches. When they took over the seat in 1994, there were 1,700 Liberal party members in Mackellar. In 2016, it has 325. If it sounds counterintuitive to allow membership to drop, the answer lies in power. You need to keep branches small to ensure control and to determine which delegates get to Liberal state council. Council is where the power for preselection and policy resides.
(A number of Liberal members told me branch control measures, such as rejecting membership inquiries, have become common practice. Others dispute that.)
From the right, the company director and Liberal campaigner, Walter Villatora, will run in Mackellar. Villatora lives in Abbott's seat of Warringah. From the moderates, a former Turnbull staffer, former Young Liberal president, sometime NSW transport minister adviser and managing director of Carewell, Jason Falinksi, joins the fray. Falinski grew up in the area. “Star candidate” is Wallaby player Bill Calcraft, who has received a blessing from broadcaster Alan Jones. They are not the only candidates and Mackellar is not the only seat in play.
Politicians' expenses post-Bronwyn Bishop: four reforms gaining traction Read more
In the past few months, Philip Ruddock's Berowra electorate, Craig Kelly's electorate of Hughes, Russell Matheson's seat of Macarthur and Angus Taylor's seat of Hume have been mentioned in dispatches. In the Senate, assistant minister Concetta Fierravanti-Wells was looking shaky and senator Bill Heffernan has decided to retire of their own accord.
By elevating them in the reshuffle, Turnbull has made it clear Taylor and Fierravanti-Wells are off limits. Ruddock has anointed Julian Leeser in Berowra. Matheson, who was hoping to move to Taylor's neighbouring seat, will have to settle for their existing seat. Turnbull has written a letter for Kelly and called their challenger Kent Johns this week to ask them to back off in Hughes.
But the general sentiment in the Liberal party remains that Bronny's time is up. Abbott has backed Villatora. Turnbull has made no intervention for Bishop.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tony Abbott gives Bronwyn Bishop a kiss after a party room meeting to elect their replacement as Speaker in August 2015. Photograph: Lukas Coch/AAP
Behind the scenes, the factional players are making deals within deals. The preselection will be down to 48 local preselectors elected by local branches and 48 “central” preselectors who are chosen “randomly” from around the state. The favourite candidate changes depending on who you speak to.
In any party, preselection time is notorious for game playing. Witness the Labor party in the Eddie Obeid years or in Western Australia today. Speaking publicly about party matters in the Liberal party is grounds for expulsion so any information is provided via “party sources”. Without being named, party sources can get up to all sorts of tricks, sending messages via news stories to rivals. With appropriate leverage in the media, candidates are forced to bow to factional leaders. Preselections take on a special significance because everything happens behind the public view. Journalists – knowingly or not – can be players.
The predominant NSW faction is headed by Michael Photios, lobbyist and former NSW minister. The right is headed by the state finance minister, Dom Perrottet, and the resources minister, Anthony Roberts. The centre right's most visible figure is the new federal assistant treasurer, Alex Hawke, who works closely with a factional colleague, Nick Campbell, whose day job is with Photios's lobbying firm. Partly as a result of that arrangement, a deal of sorts has been done between the left and the centre right. This leaves the right isolated and calling for reform of the party rules.
While factionalism in the NSW Liberals is loosely centred on ideologies, the factions also coalesce around personalities, local issues, business interests and self interest. There are no hard and fast rules. Industry lobbyists have figured highly in the Liberal party machine as unions have in the Labor party. Although Abbott banned third party lobbyists on the state executive, in-house lobbyists are still allowed. If a faction controls the machine and the branches, they control who gets into parliament. In return, members are expected to pay homage. As a result, the public interest can come off second best to more powerful interests or paying clients.
Howard among others recommended a plebiscite system for choosing candidates so every member would get a vote, reducing the power of factions. The right love it and the moderates hate it. Abbott was a supporter of the reforms, although they didn't get around to doing anything about it when they were in office.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Malcolm Turnbull running for the seat of Wentworth in September 2004. Photograph: Paul Miller/AAP
Some among the moderates have argued that left to their own devices, party members are far too conservative to be trusted. Take marriage equality. Most of the moderates would support it, as Malcolm Turnbull does and many in Liberal party rooms. But the Liberal grassroots membership, generally older and more conservative, would be unlikely to support marriage reform.
Another argument against plebiscites is that it makes it harder to find a place for “star candidates”. High profile business people, one senior Liberal told me, want a coronation. They don't want their reputation damaged by preselection loss.
But perhaps the favourite argument against plebiscites is the capacity to stack branches. This was famously deployed in the high profile fight for the seat of Wentworth, a younger Turnbull decided to have a tilt against Peter King. New members joining Wentworth branches ahead of the cut off for preselection numbered in the thousands. The preselection rules for the Great Wentworth Stack, as it became known, had a higher component of local preselectors.
This week Abbott, as a longstanding enemy of the moderates, wrote a reference for Villatora, a campaigner for reform. Praising Villatora's work, Abbott wrote: “One particular faction has so come to dominate state executive and state council that good people are discouraged from joining the party or becoming active in it.
“Like John Howard, Barry O'Farrell, Mike Baird and so many others, you have swiftly come to appreciate that the best way to combat the sway of factions – and to encourage good people to join our party – is to give all our members an equal say in the most important job our party does: that of selecting candidates.”
Turnbull famously disagreed that the party was run by factions in an address at the NSW state council soon after they won office.
“We are not run by factions, we are not run by [laughter] ... Well, you may dispute that, but I have to tell you, from experience, we are not run by factions, nor are we run by big business, or by deals in back rooms,” they said.
The NSW division has committed to run plebiscites and Turnbull has supported the trials. But the party has yet to nominate an electorate to trial the plebiscite.
In which case, perhaps the party should allow a freer membership model and move on policy to attract a different, younger demographic. As a business model, shrinking membership numbers, chopping or changing branches as a means of control and refusing to allow members to engage in picking candidates would seem pretty pointless for a party which hopes to win elections.
To support my artwork, consider subscribing to my Patreon!
Skirtzzz up your place with prints and other goodies!
Shop Skirtzzz.com
Lotsa Love! Skirtzzz up your place with prints and other goodies!Lotsa Love! ----------
What's that?? Another Dressphere crossover series? WHY YES. YES IT IS!The super stellar gcGreengrass commissioned a big MLP series in the Final Fantasy X-2 Dresspehres, and picked out all the match-ups! Really excited to design the rest- already had too much fun with this first one! So, before you ask, yes, the mane six are all on their way! gcGreengrass is just TORTURING me with ridiculously enjoyable work. So cruel! So very very cruel.He commissioned the Nintendo Princess Dresspheres too- so if you enjoy those, you oughta go give them a big ol' thank you because he's the one making all of these possible! Hnghhhhh
Sony has announced the time and date for its E3 2015 Press Conference, which will be held at 6:30 PM PDT on Monday, June 15. The event itself will take place at the L.A. Memorial Sports Arena in Los Angeles.
Sony did not reveal any more details, but there will surely be a ton of announcements and some very exciting surprises. While No Man's Sky and Tearaway: Unfolded are two titles known to be making an appearance, other projects are likely to share the spotlight.
A new Uncharted 4: A Thief's End gameplay footage is likely to be shown, which will demonstrate what Naughty Dog has achieved since the PlayStation Experience, where the incredible gameplay demo wowed the audience. Guerilla's open world RPG is probably going to be revealed with hopefully some beautiful gameplay, and we might get a teaser of Sucker Punch' new title. We can hope for a PS4 God of War announcement as well.
Insomniac will give us a glimpse of the Ratchet & Clank reboot title for the PS4, which is a re-imagining of the franchise set to release alongside the movie in 2016. We will likely get a better look at Project Morpheus, along with a little VR optimised titles, and probably a release date for the device.
The new title from Quantic Dream should most definitely be revealed, which will surely be something to look forward to, as their Dark Sorcerer demo at E3 2013 was truly something spectacular and demonstrated the potential of the PlayStation 4 hardware in the capable hands of the Quantic Dream studio, led by the visionary David Cage.
Sony's announcement completes the press conferences schedule, which can be viewed below:
E3 2015 Press Conference Schedule
Sunday, June 14
Bethesda – 6:30 PM PDT
Monday, June 15
Microsoft – 9:30 AM PDT
Electronic Arts – 1 PM PDT
Ubisoft – 3 PM PDT
Sony – 6 PM PDT
Tuesday, June 16
Square Enix – 9 AM PDT
Nintendo – 9 AM PDT
PC Gaming Show – 5 PM PDT
We will bring you any new information on Sony and E3 2015, as soon as it becomes available, as well as a complete coverage from the E3 show floor next month.
