***Update – Nak is not currently taking orders and social pages are turned off. We will update this page when Nak is back up.***
There's a new disc golf mini marker company in the game called Nak Mini Disc Golf Markers. If you're asking, “So what, just another mini?”, then you should take a look at what this Pennsylvania company is producing before you brush it off. Nic, the creator, sent us a custom metal mini maker with the DG Puttheads ‘DGPH' monogram engraved on the underside and it's quickly become my favorite mini in my collection.
Nak Mini Disc Golf Markers just recently popped up. Now, the popularity is exploding and it's easy to see why. Unique custom designs and exceptional quality.
First, here's a little bit about the minis themselves. They are aluminum or brass minis with custom etched designs. The original Nak mini markers were approximately 3 inches in diameter, but 4 inch diameter minis are now also available. The minis are shaped like midrange drivers with a thin, curved rim, flattop, and typical flight plate underside. I wouldn't recommend throwing these minis though.
Each custom mini is created on a metal lathe. Nic takes a custom request, draws it out on a computer and etches the design on the mini after getting feedback to ensure the design is just right. Each mini is handmade and unique. Most disc golfers request their PDGA number or club logo, however there are a few more unique requests and even some images that have been created. Below are two of our favorites so far, a custom 616 Discs mini and a personalized etched image.
The events leading up to the creation of Nak Mini Disc Golf Markers began when Nic attended the College for Creative Studies in Detroit, MI (which is not too far from the Puttheads!). After taking a jewelry class, Nic realized that custom minis could be would be a perfect outlet for these new-found skills. Soon, the first mini marker was made out of bronze using sand molded casting. This is one of the first few ever created.
As I said above, the popularity of Nak has exploded. Nic has etched all sorts of designs including pizza, a wolf, an airplane, a hot air balloon, and many PDGA numbers. The lowest requested number so far was in the 7000's, which I think is something to be proud of this early, but Nic is hoping to get a request in the 100's.
Are you interested in a Nak mini disc golf marker for yourself or as the perfect gift for a disc golfer who has everything else? You'll be able to find some cycling in on the Disc Golf Dollar Auction page on Facebook or you can check out the Nak Mini Disc Golf Markers Facebook page here directly.
You'll also be able to see all of Nak's unique designs here on Instagram.
Here's the video we posted to Facebook when our custom mini first arrived: https://www.facebook.com/DGPuttheads/videos/1894847974069459/
Also, don't forget to follow the DG Puttheads on Facebook so you'll never miss a post!
A furious father is facing murder charges after they treated their teenage daughter's alleged rapist to dinner before torturing them to death.
The man's 14-year-old daughter was allegedly raped two months earlier by the 45-year-old married man.
According to the Indian Express, the father invited the man to their home in northeast Delhi's Khajuri Khas for their last meal before assaulting him.
They reportedly strapped the alleged rapist to a chair, burned their genitals with heated tongs and strangled him.
I burned their genitals once, they screamed. I did it again, they shuddered. - Father of alleged rape victim
Police say the father turned themselves in following the incident, giving a detailed statement of the elaborate torture methods they had carried out.
“I burned their genitals once, they screamed. I did it again, they shuddered. When I did it the third time … they did not move. They were dead … I did not want to kill him,” the father reportedly told the police.
“The father called the medicine supplier over to their house, saying they wanted to discuss some issue. They served them dinner,” an officer told the Indian Express.
“After the meal, the father overpowered the man and tied them to a chair. They got heated tongs and burned the supplier's genitals before strangling them to death. They came to the police station and surrendered himself.”
Police allege the man had been planning the murder since their daughter told them about the incident the day it happened, but did not report it to police, fearing “a bad name for their daughter.”
Individual Pink Floyd songs will soon disappear from online music stores. The British High Court has ruled against EMI, the band's record label, saying that the band's contract requires EMI to "preserve the artistic integrity of the albums." In this case, that means keeping all the tracks together and in the order they were meant to be in, leading some to worry whether Pink Floyd's music will disappear from popular online music stores altogether.
When Pink Floyd signed with EMI back in the late '60s, its members probably did not imagine an age when we would be ditching physical media en masse in favor of cherry-picked songs on a series of Internet tubes. It's unsurprising then that the contract stipulated for the label to maintain the artistic integrity of the album itself—back then (and today as well, but perhaps to a lesser degree), musicians spent painstaking amounts of time crafting the entire album as a whole artwork. Those who only listened to select tracks were totally missing out.
Indeed, as EMI has discovered, that still appears to be the case, at least when it comes to Pink Floyd. The High Court ordered EMI to pay £40,000 in court costs with the possibility of future damages and EMI may have to pull Pink Floyd's individual offerings from places like the iTunes Store and Amazon MP3. (As of this writing, the albums with per-track purchases were still available. Get 'em while they're hot.) In addition, EMI must pay Pink Floyd an undisclosed amount in royalty payments.
This doesn't mean they wouldn't become available again as full-album purchases, though—iTunes, for example, regularly offers albums that have one or two tracks that only come with a full album purchase. We wouldn't be surprised to see Dark Side of the Moon come back to iTunes with every track marked "Album only."
As the patent wars rage on between Apple and Samsung, with the two jostling for top spot in the smartphone and tablet industries. A U.S. appeals court ruled that Apple Inc could press its bid for an immediate injunction to block the sale of some tablet computers made by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd. This is based on allegations of infringement of one patent. The two high-tech companies are engaged in a legal battle that includes more than 20 patent-related cases in 10 countries. The patent involved in Monday's ruling has to do with the design of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet. In mid-April, Apple and Samsung agreed that their chief executives would participate in settlement talks to try and resolve the dispute, according to an order by U.S. District Judge Lucy Koh. Representatives for Apple and Samsung could not immediately be reached on Monday. Apple, maker of the iPad and the iPhone, had asked in July 2011 for the immediate injunction
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
The next entry in the Army of Two franchise will be on store shelves next year. Electronic Arts announced Army of Two: The Devil's Cartel today, slating the game to arrive for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 during March 2013.
Army of Two is back for a third time.
A co-op shooter developed by Visceral Games Montreal and running on DICE's Frostbite 2 game engine, The Devil's Cartel is aimed at "resetting" and "refreshing" the franchise. In the game, players will find themselves in Mexico, battling as two operatives working for the Tactical Worlwide Operations (T.W.O).
Players will be dropped into the middle of a drug war, tasked with an assignment "full of corruption and deceit." Gamers will be able to "unleash the power of ultimate destruction" and must work together to see victory over "ruthless opposition."
The Devil's Cartel sports online and split-screen co-op, as well as an upgrade and customization system that is "deeper and more advanced" than in previous games. The Devil's Cartel is the third entry in the franchise, which debuted in 2008 with the original Army of Two, and was followed up by 2010's Army of Two: The 40th Day.
For more on the Army of Two series, check out GameSpot's reviews of the original Army of Two and The 40th Day.
To see Army of Two: The Devil's Cartel in action, check out the game's first trailer, courtesy of Game Informer.
“Lead from behind” may be a sound bite the Obama administration regrets, but debating from behind is clearly something President Obama is very good at. They got the first debate's wakeup call while Mitt Romney let the encounter in Denver mislead them into confusing petulance with strength.
For Obama's supporters, the fact that the president played offense, had a strategy and seemed happy in their work was reason enough for elation. But the most electorally significant performance was Romney's. Under pressure this time, the former Massachusetts governor displayed their least attractive sides. They engaged in pointless on-stage litigation of the debate rules. They repeatedly demonstrated their disrespect for both the president and Candy Crowley, the moderator. And Romney was just plain querulous when anyone dared question them about the gaping holes in their tax and budget plans.
Any high school debate coach would tell a student that declaring, “Believe me because I said so,” is not an argument. Yet Romney confused biography with specificity and boasting with answering a straightforward inquiry. “Well, of course, they add up,” Romney insisted of their budget numbers. “I — I was — I was someone who ran businesses for 25 years, and balanced the budget. I ran the Olympics and balanced the budget.” Romney was saying: Trust me because I'm an important guy who has done important stuff. They gave their listeners no basis on which to verify the trust they demanded.
Romney's stonewalling was so obvious that it opened the way for one of Obama's most effective lines of the evening: “If somebody came to you, Governor, with a plan that said, here, I want to spend $7 or $8 trillion, and then we're going to pay for it, but we can't tell you until maybe after the election how we're going to do it, you wouldn't have taken such a sketchy deal. And neither should you, the American people, because the math doesn't add up.” Obama sought to make that point in the last debate. This time they had a metaphor and a story to go with the arithmetic.
Romney also covertly disclosed that he, like George W. Bush before him, has every intention of cutting taxes on the rich. Like Bush, they used stealthy language to try to achieve a great fiscal coverup.
Here was Romney on Tuesday: “I will not, under any circumstances, reduce the share that's being paid by the highest-income taxpayers.” Here was Bush in 2000: “After my plan is in place, the wealthiest Americans will pay a higher percentage of taxes [than] they do today.”
This really matters: Romney intends, as Bush did, to push for steep tax cuts for the wealthy. Their only pledge is that he'll keep the share of the total tax take paid by the wealthy unchanged, presumably by reducing other taxes too. And this is supposed to lead to lower deficits? How?
The most instructive contrast between Debate I and Debate II was the extent to which Romney's ideas crumbled at the slightest contact with challenge. Romney and Paul Ryan are erecting a Potemkin village designed to survive only until the polls close on Nov. 6. They cannot say directly that they really believe in slashing taxes on the rich and backing away from so much of what government does because they know that neither idea will sell. So they offer soothing language to the middle class, photo ops at homeless programs to convey compassion and a steady stream of attacks on Obama, aimed at shifting all the attention theirs way.
For their part, Obama looks strong when they calmly and methodically confronts the exceptionally large philosophical and practical differences that now divide the parties. They look weak when they fuzz up those differences in the hope of avoiding conflict. The fight is often asymmetric because Obama speaks for balance — between tax increases and spending cuts to reduce the deficit, between a thriving market and an active government — while today's conservatives have no interest in balance.
In the first debate, Obama let Romney back into the race by failing to shake their opponent's self-presentation. But Romney also put themselves into contention by pretending to be a moderate, shelving their plutocratic side and hiding their party's long-term objectives.
In the second debate, the disguise fell. Romney revealed more of themselves than they wanted to and asked voters to endorse a radical tax-cutting program without providing them the details that matter. Sketchy is one word for this. Deceptive is another.
ejdionne@washpost.com
FX Networks
If you haven't been watching the new FX series Chozen, you are missing out on a truly historical moment: the first gay, white rapper and their incredible rise to mediocrity. Chozen is a hilarious show, and if you're unsure as to whether or not you'd be entertained, please enjoy the lyrical stylings and amazing visual quality of their single, Murder, Sex:
So now that you've experienced that, we can discuss a few of the many reasons that hip-hop desperately needs a show like Chozen. For one, any movemement that has the tendency to take itself too seriously is always in need of a good parody. “Murder, Sex” sounds like a ridiculous name for a song… unless you're an avid listener of rap music. In which case the song sounds like about 70 percent of popular rap. Chozen‘s hook is even reminiscent of an old Juelz Santana song (actually titled “Murda, Murda”). All that to say, any show that pokes fun at some of the things that have become a staple in hip-hop (i.e. murder and sex) is a show that deserves our attention.
And then there's the character of Chozen, and their goofy but supportive buddies. It goes without saying that hip-hop is not exactly embracing the same-sex marriage movement with open arms. In other words, homophobia and anti-gay mentalities are a huge part of the culture. There were even negative reactions to the series, which Method Man (who voices one of the characters) ended up defending on Twitter. This is a complicated issue and, obviously, one cartoon show on FX is not going to solve the problem. But in making Chozen a humorous character who really does embody some of the traits of your protoypical up-and-coming rapper, the creators of the show are at least introducing this idea of an openly gay rapper which may, in fact, help to create space for the real thing.
Follow @Hollywood_com Follow @shannonmhouston
When Canadians hear the Prime Minister calling Senator Patrick Brazeau's situation “extremely appalling”—from Stephen Harper, uncharacteristically vivid language—they might well wonder how this character rated a Senate seat in the first place.
The short, glib answer is that they didn't. In a way, no senator does. Our continued tolerance of an upper chamber in our Parliament that exists to be packed with partisan patronage appointees remains a national embarrassment—or would be if we thought about it much.
But Brazeau's personal downfall is, of course, entirely distinct from the institutional problem of a standing affront to democracy right there on Parliament Hill. Nobody should suggest that the charges of assault and sexual assault laid against them today somehow reflect on the Senate in general.
And yet the natural question about how Brazeau got there to begin with is worth asking. If you imagine it's inexplicable, try reading, for instance, the transcript of the June 16, 2008 Senate committee hearings into the Harper government's bill to finally amend the Canadian Human Rights Act so that First Nations would no longer be exempt from its protections.
Back then, Brazeau headed the Congress of Aboriginal Peoples, which aims to represent off-reserve natives. They had championed bringing all aboriginals under the act. “Many band councils do not believe they have human rights obligations to their own people,” Brazeau declared at one point that day, adding later: “Let us face it—some chiefs themselves are the perpetrators of the discrimination that is experienced by First Nations citizens.”
The record of their incendiary performance reminds us why Brazeau drove the traditional First Nations' leadership in Canada to distraction—and why Conservative politicians were drawn to him. Harper was looking to break away from having to negotiate mainly with the Assembly of First Nations. On winning power in 2006, they had alienated the AFN by ditching the previous Liberal government's Kelowna Accord, and the promise of billions that came with it.
In the context of that broader game plan, Harper's appointment of the controversial Brazeau to the Senate made sense. Now, everybody knows how it worked out: string of escalating controversies, culminating with Brazeau's arrest this week after police in Gatineau, Que., across the Ottawa River from the capital, responded to a domestic 911 call.
Not only did elevate Brazeau turn out horribly, the political strategy behind it proved ephemeral. The Tories have largely abandoned their earlier approach of trying to work around the AFN. Harper has, in the past couple of years, tacked toward working with the assembly's congenially cautious national chief, Shawn Atleo. In the era of Idle No More, the AFN looks less like an obstruction and more like an essential partner.
And so, even if we ignore the sordid developments of the past few days, Brazeau's case reminds us that Senate appointments are frequently made based on short-lived political tactics and fleeting partisan calculations—just about the worst reasons to give anyone a lushly compensated, long-term position.
Will it ever be fixed? Don't bet on it. Way back in 2006, Harper proposed their two-pronged approach to reform: provincial elections to choose the senators a prime minister would appoint, and nine-year term limits so those senators wouldn't be hanging around until 75. But only last week did their government get around to deciding to ask the Supreme Court of Canada, in what's called a constitutional reference, whether it can proceed with the reforms on its own. The court could take two years to deliver its opinion.
Even the judges, though, can't answer the real question: Do Canadians really want a respectable, democratic Senate? You might think the answer is an obvious, Yes, especially after this week. No more lousy patronage appointees. But think about it. A truly reformed Senate would have the legitimacy to challenge the House of Commons on a regular basis, and even compete with provincial governments to represent provincial interests. Have we agreed to that fundamental change in how we're governed?
These issues have not been seriously addressed by the Harper government. But earlier this week, the National Post reported that Senator Bert Brown, who was appointed to the Senate by Harper in 2007 after being selected in an Alberta vote, said the Prime Minister is open to trying to pass a constitutional amendment that would put strict limits on the Senate's ability to reject a bill sent to it by the House. Intriguing.
Of course, gaining provincial consent for such a constitutional amendment would be an extraordinarily tall order, perhaps impossible. And Harper has steadfastly avoided any hint of being willing to even try. I asked their office for a reaction to the report about Brown's comments.
“I can't speak for Senator Brown, but I can say that those views do not accurately reflect the views of the government,” said Andrew MacDougall, Harper's communications director, in an email. “The path forward is the reference to the Supreme Court, and a term-limited Senate selected through democratic elections.”
Pressing ahead on that path without first nailing down how a reformed Senate's power would be limited is, in my view, a reckless undertaking. After this week, though, the disreputable status quo on the Senate looks harder to support than ever. At least appearing to be pursuing a plan for reform, however flawed, may be politically indispensible.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Monday that five more people became sick after eating at two more Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants, dealing a further blow to the price of the company's shares.
The C.D.C. said that five people who had eaten in two Chipotle restaurants in Kansas and Oklahoma grew ill after eating something contaminated with E. coli STEC O26. The agency has not yet determined which food is responsible for the outbreak.
“One of the challenges here has been that we have been able to identify the restaurants where people ate, but because of the way Chipotle does its record-keeping, we have been unable to figure out what food is in common across all those restaurants,” said Dr. Ian Williams, chief of the outbreak response and prevention branch of the C.D.C.
The same bacteria have sickened 53 people in eight other states, nearly all of whom said they had eaten at a Chipotle. But Dr. Williams said the DNA of the bacteria appeared different in the latest outbreak than in the previous one.
Read the most recent articles on creativity & design A blog about where design is, and where it's going.
tati3 How Designers Are Amplifying Their Portfolios in 2019 Need advice on your portfolio? Learn from four wonderful designers, illustrators and artists who share their methods for taking your …
Yellow Unicorn LaunchVic Hunting for unicorns in the local tech sector It might not be the most obvious career transition, but for former circus performer Sunni Cooper it was a seamless …
Breakout spaces at Envato Flexibility at the heart of life at Envato There's no typical start time for a ‘normal' day working for the staff of Envato. With staff in different time …
business-cards-in-adobe-photoshop-1280×720 YouTube Premiere: How to Make Business Cards in Photoshop Watch our brand-new course premiere free on YouTube—join us and ask instructor Melody Nieves any burning design questions in …
Total Company Growing a more inclusive and diverse Envato When Envato enshrined diversity and inclusion in its values, it did so on a very clear understanding: that the company, …
BEST AWARDS SHOW TEMPLATES Best 15 Awards Ceremony Broadcast Packages & Titles With the 2019 Academy Awards around the corner, the time is ripe for awards season content. Whether you're shooting a …
cinema-and-movie-theater-concept-background-empty-PYLWNUE-1 Top 10 Cinematic Music Tracks Awards Season 2019 is well underway, with the biggest night of all (The Oscars) getting closer. This means that the …
gutenberg Gutenberg: The Good, the Bad, and the Solutions Gutenberg is the new default editor in WordPress (launched on 6 December 2018), replacing the word-processor-like TinyMCE. In a nutshell, …
CTV Vancouver Island
It was a perfect storm of Canadiana on a Vancouver Island highway Friday.
Mounties had to briefly shut down a lane of the Trans-Canada Highway to let the country's official animal – a beaver – cross the road.
Greater Victoria's Integrated Road Safety Unit was conducting speed enforcement on the stretch of highway also known as the Malahat when officers spotted a motorcyclist trying to slow traffic down the road.
“We saw something in front of them and we kind of thought it was a racoon,” said Const. Andy Dunstan. “Then one of my RCMP colleagues went up to find out what the commotion was, and it was a beaver in the right hand of two lanes.”
Dashcam footage shows the Mountie pull up to the motorcyclist as they try in vain to usher the stubborn and sizeable animal off the highway.
The RCMP cruiser than backs up and drives toward the beaver several times in an apparent effort to scare it off the road.
“We found it quite amusing, it was pretty iconic that there was this RCMP officer trying to get a beaver out of the road,” said Dunstan. “As it turned out after a couple of minutes of hissing, by the beaver not by the RCMP officer, it didn't want to listen to the sirens, it wasn't particularly fazed by anything going on around it, it was quite obstinate and quite happily sat there in the middle of this lane way.”
At that point, the critter turned tail and waddled away into undergrowth on the side of the road, at which point police reopened the highway lane.
“It certainly lightened up the morning,” Dunstan said.
No word on why the beaver crossed the road.
MLS Expansion draft for Minnesota United FC and Atlanta United FC Set for December 13
HARRISON, N.J. (December 12, 2016) – Major League Soccer announced today the protected players lists ahead of Tuesday's MLS expansion draft for Minnesota United FC and Atlanta United FC. The expansion draft is set for Tuesday, December 13 at 2 p.m. ET.
CLICK HERE for the full 2016 MLS Expansion Draft guidelines
Each MLS club can protect 11 players from the senior roster, with Homegrown Players automatically protected. Minnesota and Atlanta will each make five selections. Atlanta will select first, as determined by a coin flip. No more than one player can be selected from each MLS club.
New York Red Bulls protected players:
Goalkeepers (2): Ryan Meara, Luis Robles
Defenders (2): Aurelien Collin, Kemar Lawrence
Midfielders (5): Dax McCarty, Sacha Kljestan, Felipe, Mike Grella, Daniel Royer
Forwards (2): Bradley Wright-Phillips, Gonzalo Veron
Homegrown Players (6): Tyler Adams, Brandon Allen, Sean Davis, Derrick Etienne Jr., Alex Muyl, Connor Lade
The list of unprotected players is as follows:
Goalkeepers (1): Kyle Reynish
Defenders (8): Gideon Baah, Justin Bilyeu, Chris Duvall, Aaron Long, Karl Ouimette, Damien Perrinelle, Sal Zizzo, Ronald Zubar
Midfielders (1): Shaun Wright-Phillips
Forwards (2): Anatole Abang, Omer Damari
Source: Shutterstock/schankz
Updated 09.53
THE CEO OF Ireland's charities regulator says Kerry-based animal charity Animal Heaven Animal Rescue (AHAR) must sort out its financial governance or face prosecution.
Speaking to RTÉ's Morning Ireland, John Farrelly said that AHAR “is not holding proper books of account” and must “rectify this contravention”.
“They must appoint someone who is capable of keeping proper books of account,” they said. “If they do not do this we have the powers to issue proceedings against them or bring them to court to prosecute them which could lead to up to a €5,000 fine or imprisonment for 12 months or both.”
Farrelly added that AHAR has 40 days to get its books in order.
We'll be monitoring that and doing so closely, and we'll continue to give this charity close scrutiny.
Defence
This morning, AHAR defended its standards of governance after an RTÉ investigation suggested issues with its bookkeeping, fundraising, and financial transparency.
AHAR operates a rescue centre for animals in Castleisland, mostly taking in dogs and horses. The charity was the subject of the investigation shown on last night's Claire Byrne Live show, which highlighted a number of governance issues.
In a statement, the charity this morning said it “fully supports” proper governance and procedures in charities, and had “already identified failings with committee paperwork in the past”.
We admit having difficulties with former treasurers and committee members who failed to implement the proper procedures, but this has been addressed since 2016.
We are presently working on the recommendations made by the CRA and are confident we can satisfy them all.
Source: Facebook
The charity added it will be releasing a further statement addressing the specific allegations made against it and “addressing the facts RTÉ deliberately omitted and other inaccuracies contained in the programme”.
Sanctions
AHAR had previously claimed to be a “completely volunteer-run” organisation, but later admitted paying a salary to its founder Suzanne Gibbons.
While there was no indication any money had been misappropriated, analysis of its bank accounts in the RTÉ investigation showed large cash withdrawals and donations of around €1 million over two years. The charity declined to appear on the programme, with its executive saying it was “satisfied” with the accounts, adding the cash withdrawals were because of a lack of chequebook or credit card.
John Farrelly Source: Rollingnews.ie
Before last night's RTÉ programme aired, the CRA said it had told AHAR that it must:
Assign the responsibility of keeping proper books of account to a person(s) with the appropriate skills and experience
Introduce periodic financial reporting setting out the income and expenditure (including the nature of that income and expenditure)and the assets and liabilities of the charity)
Ensure all financial reports are scrutinised by the charity trustees under a standing agenda item – ‘financial status of the charity' during regular management committee meetings.
Analysis of AHAR's bank accounts had shown large cash withdrawals and donations of around €1 million over two years. The charity declined to appear on last night's programme, with its executive saying it was “satisfied” with the accounts, saying the cash withdrawals were because of a lack of chequebook or credit card.
If the organisation fails to rectify their non-compliance, then proceedings for the offence may be brought against trustees and organisation.
Despite this, Farrelly this morning asserted that the “majority of charities are doing really well” when it comes to self-governance.
“We're up 280% on the charities that have submitted details for public register,” they said.
Most are getting on board now. Be assured however, we will apply the (Charities) Act, we will be using part four in terms of prosecutions and investigations going forward.
Additional reporting Cianan Brennan
San Francisco (AFP) - A 4.0-magnitude earthquake shook the San Francisco area Monday, the US Geological Survey reported, but no major damage or injuries were immediately reported.
Its epicenter was one mile north of Piedmont, about 13 miles (21 kilometers) east of San Francisco on the Hayward Fault.
"#earthquake tremors felt in #SanFrancisco. Always be prepared!" the city of San Francisco said on its Twitter page.
The quake hit at 6:49 am (1349 GMT), at a depth of 3.3 miles, USGS said
An AFP correspondent in Alameda, across the bay from San Francisco and near the epicenter, said they were awakened by a gentle rumble that ended with a sharp jolt after about five seconds.
They said picture frames rattled on the walls and that dishes bounced around, but they reported no major damage.
Another California resident living near the epicenter also felt the ground shake.
"The center was just down the street. There was no damage, it just woke us up," photographer Frederick Neema told AFP.
An AFP reporter living in San Francisco itself said they felt the quake distinctly but there was no damage in their home.
Oakland police Lieutenant Chris Bolton said on Twitter about an hour after the quake hit there were no reports of damage.
The Bay Area Rapid Transport system meanwhile reported a medical emergency and warned of widespread travel delays.
The tremblor struck almost one year after California's Napa Valley wine country was shaken by a 6.0-magnitude earthquake, the strongest to hit the region in a quarter of a century. There were no deaths reported, but some 130 people sought minor medical care.
Napa's was the strongest earthquake since 1989, when the 6.9-magnitude Loma Prieta quake in the Santa Cruz Mountains killed 63, injured 3,000 and caused widespread damage. One section of the upper span of the double-decker Bay Bridge, which connects San Francisco to Oakland, collapsed and a major viaduct in Oakland also gave way.
The Hayward Fault where Monday's tremblor occurred runs from San Pablo Bay in the north to Fremont in the south, passing through the cities of Berkeley, Oakland, Hayward and Fremont, according to the USGS.
California is the most populated state in the country, with some 38.8 million inhabitants according to US Census data, and scientists have long warned that a major tremblor could hit the earthquake-prone state.
The ninjas at The Digital Reader have uncovered the names of two new Nook Color versions – the Encore, priced at $249, and the Acclaim, priced at $349. The Nook Touch (now called the Nook Smart Touch) will remain $139.
What are these new devices? Nate at The Digital Reader posits that the Smart Touch is a 6-inch Nook Touch while the Encore is a 7-inch Nook Color. Aside from the fact that the Acclaim is also a shuttered games company, we know very little about the new devices. All of these products should hit in Q4 and given Amazon's race to build an Android reader, they can't come too soon. The Nook Color and the Nook Touch are both excellent devices but the Color is a bit dated in these days of retina screens and Honeycomb. A strong refresh should keep B&N's momentum going for the next few months.
I've put feelers out but thanks to Nate for their great scoop and read up more on their findings over at the Digital Reader.
The Iberico ham comes with its own DNA certificate
"The world's most expensive ham" has gone on sale in London, according to retailer Selfridges.
The leg of Iberico ham, which costs £1,800, went on sale at the food hall in the retailer's flagship store in Oxford Street, central London.
The 7kg (15lb) ham leg comes with its own DNA certificate as proof of authenticity.
Pig farmer and ham expert Manuel Maldonado selected 50 pigs that were reared in Extremadura in western Spain.
The pigs were fed on a diet of acorns and roots to give the ham a distinctive flavour.
'Gourmet luxury'
After being slaughtered their ham was salted and cured for three years, before going on sale in a hand-made wooden box wrapped in an apron made by a Spanish tailor.
"Connoisseurs will appreciate the melt-in-the-mouth texture of this truly amazing Spanish ham," said Selfridges fresh food Buyer Andrew Cavanna.
"The leg may seem to have a large price tag but when you think about the amount of care taken from breeding right through to the curing, it is actually amazing value.
"Every single gram will be savoured as one of life's incredible gourmet luxuries."
Vancouver City Council will begin debating a self-proclaimed "reset" of the city's housing strategy today that aims to tackle the problems with affordability and supply that have emerged in recent years.
On Tuesday morning city council will receive a report from Kathleen Llewellyn-Thomas, general manager of community services, outlining the emerging directions in the Housing Vancouver 2040 strategy.
It comes three months after the city fired its chief housing officer, Muktar Latif, with the explanation that "the City of Vancouver has made a change to how it implements affordable housing in Vancouver."
The emerging directions report, which can be found here, comes halfway through the city's 2012-2021 Housing & Homelessness Strategy, and says "the housing challenges people in Vancouver are facing require that we reset our strategy."
Its five main takeways are:
"Link Housing Affordability Targets to Incomes."
"Create More of the Right Supply."
"Complete Neighbourhoods with New Housing Forms."
"Provide More City Land to Increase Affordable Housing."
"Prioritize Affordable Housing Delivery."
Approximately 47,800 new housing units are required by 2026, according to analysis by the city.
Council is being asked to approve the report, allow a one-year "Rezoning, Development & Building Permit pilot to prioritize affordable housing projects", and let staff begin public consultations, in advance of a final report expected in July 2017.
OTTAWA – A Liberal MP is calling on the federal justice and transport ministers to develop a plan to tackle distracted driving across Canada.
Doug Eyolfson, the rookie MP for the Manitoba riding of Charleswood-St. James-Assiniboia-Headingley, has brought forward a private members' bill, Bill C-373, for personal reasons, but also because they think it's time to look at what more can be done to deter the practice, and whether distracted driving laws in Canada need to be toughened.
In an interview with CTV News, Eyolfson said distracted driving is a big problem nationwide that has come up relatively quickly, and they want governments across the country to make the enforcement of distracted driving more consistent between all the provinces and territories.
"The laws across the country are not uniform," they said. "We have catch-up to do in really getting a handle on the scope of the problem."
Currently, every province and territory in Canada, except for Nunavut, has some form of distracted driving laws. The policy is mainly focused on the use of hand-held devices, like cellphones. According to CAA, all provinces and territories will penalize distracted drivers with between three and five demerit points. The fines for distracted driving across Canada range from a minimum fine of $80 in Quebec, to a maximum fine in Prince Edward Island of $1,200.
The bill, "A Federal Framework on Distracted Driving Act," was introduced on Oct. 18. Eyolfson's first chance to debate the bill is expected to be Nov. 29.
Bill C-373 calls on Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould and Transport Minister Marc Garneau to work with their provincial and territorial counterparts and stakeholders to develop a federal framework to deter distracted driving, and streamline the enforcement of distracted driving laws across Canada, within 18 months of Eyolfson's bill passing.
The framework would include improving data collection across the country to see nation-wide statistics on distracted driving incidents; setting a uniform standard for public education programs to deter distracted driving; explore the role of driver-assistance technology; opening up the channels between jurisdictions to discuss what approaches are working to combat it; and evaluating whether amendments should be made to federal legislation or policy. This bill does not propose any change to the current penalties.
The report would have to be tabled in all provincial and territorial legislatures, and made public online.
"With any problem you need to define the scope of it," said Eyolfson. "By collecting the data that will give us an idea of how much resources are needed to address this."
It's personal
Eyolfson said for him, the bill is personal, as a runner and motorcyclist they said he's lost count of the number of close calls he's had.
They were an emergency room doctor before being elected to Parliament in 2015. They said over their career he's treated many patients for injuries as a result of distracted driving.
"Some with tragic outcomes," they said.
As well, in 2009 a friend of their teen sister was killed coming home from a Halloween party when the car they were in was hit by someone texting and driving.
'A very good time to have this conversation'
"Right now, a person is more likely to be a victim of distracted driving than a victim of impaired driving," said Eyolfson when tabling the bill in the House.
Ontario Provincial Police statistics show that distracted driving is causing more collisions than speeding and impaired driving combined, and as of Sept. 1, at least 47 people have died from the distracted-driving crashes, which us up from 39 over the same period of time in 2016.
Eyolfson said they think that now is “a very good time to have this conversation,” considering that Parliament is currently studying and making changes to impaired driving laws.
The federal government, through Bill C-46, part of the Liberal's marijuana legalization package, is proposing to change Canada's impaired driving laws to give law enforcement new powers to conduct roadside intoxication tests, and would make it illegal to drive within two hours of being over the legal limit. The bill passed report stage vote in the House of Commons Wednesday evening, and is expected to be off to the Senate soon.
"We can tackle as many issues as we can that make driving less safe," they said.
As they wait for their turn to bring the issue up in the House of Commons, Eyolfson says he's planning to reach out to their colleagues both in their caucus, and across the aisle to build support. It's uncommon for private members' bills to advance without government support.
With files from Jeff Lagerquist
He's one of the world's most famous people, and could likely access even the most exclusive golf clubs with ease, but all that influence is wasted for U2 frontman Bono because of one small detail.
They don't play golf. Unthinkable, isn't it?
Sad but true — and their aversion to the game has deep roots.
The Irish Mirror reports that Bono's wife, Ali (whom they married in 1982), suggested that they take up a hobby.
​
“I asked if they wanted me to play golf,” Bono told the Mirror, “But then we made a pact never to play golf because both of our parents played golf.”​
In fact, the consequences for taking an interest in the game are quite dire, even for the other members of the band.
“The only thing you can be fired for from U2 is playing golf,” Bono said.
Last year, Bono revealed to the Mirror that the no golf rule has been long standing for the group. “When we started as a band we committed to the principles of a golf-free band,” they said.
On behalf of golf lovers everywhere, may we be the first to tell Bono: You're missing out!
A new Nintendo DS package will cut out games entirely
You probably haven't heard about it yet, but Nintendo quietly announced a new version of the DS handheld gamer this week specifically designed to be used in classrooms.
The Nintendo DS Classroom features no new hardware, but instead consists of a package of several handhelds, a PC and newly developed educational software for the DS.
Free DS for the kids
Nintendo, which developed the package with Sharp, says it hopes to persuade schools to take the bundle and issue a DS to each student.
Once students and teachers are connected through the DS Wi-Fi link they should be able to share study materials instantly, with students also filing some work and test answers on the handhelds.
Cutting bureaucracy
The supplied PC software will also make it simple for teachers to keep track of student progress and, theoretically, cut down on administrative paperwork.
Nintendo aims to start selling the as-yet-unpriced DS Classroom tool from next February, initially in Japan, with overseas launches likely if the reception is positive.
Via Mainichi
dropped by and piled on to my already overgrown and out of control “To-Do List” so like any good lumberjack I took out my two handheld axes and got to work. The request this time was to have the MLP character Spike the Dragon… or rather dog, hugging and kissing Zoe Trent from the Littlest Petshop. All of this was to take place in a living room setting.
I was wondering how I would pull this one off from the word go. The pose work seemed a daunting challenge considering the more than limited reach the pair of characters shared. Combine that with both their oversized craniums, and it felt like I had to get two objects with the proportions of a T. rex to hug each other! It felt neigh impossible!
Somehow, someway I got it to work for my customer. I just had to bust open a new case of “Dark Magic”. (Patent pending)
The end result is rather cute. I gave the background the colored lineart treatment to help blend with the characters and the warm lighting really helps soften the image. Zoe's naturally lean physique plays off of Spike's sturdy frame quite well. Finally I do have to point out the wallpaper. It is a small addition, but adds a major impact to the overall image.
Oh and that little tennis ball is not just for show. Its particular positioning separates the foreground from the deeper background increasing the pictures depth tenfold. Clever, right? It almost makes up for the shameful act of taking the lowest of all hanging fruits for the title. Seriously, the fruit may very well have been underground! I'm talking deep subterranean!
A big thank you to SonicTheCaptain for not only ordering yet another commission but letting me take a whack at both a franchise and character I have never played with before in Zoe. Scratch another one off of the never drawn list!
If anyone else would like to take this opportunity to order a commission form me just check out my handy little Commission Price Chart and get in touch.
A video blog claiming to expose Theresa May's plans to “flog off” NHS property has been shared by those concerned a Tory election win could result in more of the health service being sold to private companies, developers and investors.
At the centre of the controversy is the Naylor Review – a 42-page independent report, published in March, that sets out recommendations on how the Government can fund NHS reforms by selling land it no longer needs and buildings that are expensive to maintain.
When asked how the Conservatives plan to pay for their promise of “the most ambitious programme on investment and buildings and technology the NHS has ever seen”, the Prime Minister told the BBC's Andrew Neil: “We're backing the proposals in the Naylor report.”
Anti-privatisation activists argue the report sets out the Tories' intention to shrink the health service and hand funds from the public purse to the private sector, through both land sales and changes designed to improve efficiency.
But health experts and analysts say the financial benefits to the NHS of selling its estimated two to five billion pounds of unused land will help secure its long-term future – and also free up sites for much-needed new housing.
The video, made by an IT specialist called Chris Holden, has been viewed more than 70,000 times and shared by health campaigners and singer Charlotte Church. The Independent has also been contacted by a number of NHS workers who say they are concerned about the issue.
“None of this stuff is hidden away. It's all there; it's just so mind-numbingly dull, no one wants to read it,” says Mr Holden in the clip. “This document is basically an outline plan for essentially selling off the NHS assets.”
They add the report “makes a passing reference to maintaining and looking after old buildings, but then quite literally in the next paragraph, it says there is no business case for this, so let's just flog everything off.”
The video blog highlights recommendations hospitals be incentivised to sell their property by receiving extra government funding, which would be restricted if they choose not to – described as a “fire sale” of NHS land.
The Naylor Review says the health service faces a £10bn infrastructure funding gap and warns that without substantial investment, NHS property, such as leaking Victorian hospitals or out-of-date IT equipment, “will remain unfit for purpose and will continue to deteriorate”.
It argues there is “no traditional business case” to justify the high cost of fixing and maintaining buildings and equipment in their current state, and instead recommends the sale of land occupied by disused services to fund reforms known as sustainability and transformation plans (STPs).
These proposals are already a thorny issue and have proved unpopular in some areas as they involve ward closures and cuts in bed numbers. Labour has promised to stop the plans, which have been drawn up in 44 areas of England.
Nigel Edwards, chief executive of health think tank the Nuffield Trust, told The Independent the NHS has “a lot of money tied up in land and buildings” and selling some of it off may not spell disaster for the health service.
“Making good use of the NHS estate can enhance healthcare and improve patient outcomes, but poor use of the estate can make being cared for a frustrating and uncomfortable experience for patients,” they said.
“The NHS is currently looking at how to make its land and buildings work better. Selling or generating income from surplus property no longer needed for patient care creates funds that can be invested to improve services. So the proposals under consideration, if done well, should help, not hinder the NHS in caring for more patients.”
However, not everyone shares this view. Activists have called the report “a clarion call for private investors” and claim it is driven by profit motivations rather than a desire to improve care for patients.
Deborah Harrington, of the National Health Action Party, set up to combat NHS privatisation, says some of the buildings labelled as “surplus” were in fact forced to close through cuts and staff shortages.
“You have the premises on which to do it, but you don't have the staff or the money to run the service; that then becomes surplus to requirements," they told The Independent.
Ms Harrington gave the example of community hospitals in Devon, which were closed temporarily while nurse recruitment took place, because there were not enough to staff them properly.
“I said to my campaigning friends there: ‘you're losing your hospital' and they said: ‘No, in a rural area like ours, it's absolutely crucial, if you don't have these facilities there's nowhere to go, it will be disastrous for the community'. Sure enough, that hospital's closed, and that's now surplus land,” they said.
Ms May said that the £10bn needed for NHS building and infrastructure projects would not be part of the £8bn extra promised in the Conservative manifesto and would come from a "variety of sources".
It was recently revealed that as well as selling NHS estates, another stream of income the health service is seeking is loans from hedge funds and private investment companies.
“There are huge amounts of money in property, and the public purse is a perfect stream of income, basically, for anyone who can get their hands on it," said Ms Harrington.
“We own this, it's ours. It's been handed down through the generations since 1948. We all contribute to this society that provides these things, and we're being told now they're unaffordable unless we cannibalise them, constantly reducing our property and ownership.”
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
A man wearing a red rokushaku fundoshi (front and back)
Fundoshi (褌, ふんどし) is the traditional Japanese undergarment for adult males, made from a length of cotton. Before World War II, the fundoshi was the main form of underwear for Japanese adult males. However it fell out of use quickly after the war with the introduction of new underwear to the Japanese market, such as briefs and boxer briefs.
Nowadays, the fundoshi is mainly used not as underwear but as festival (matsuri) clothing at Hadaka Matsuri or, sometimes, as swimwear.
Types and uses [ edit ]
An Edo period wood block print of a samurai putting on a fundoshi
The fundoshi is first mentioned in the classic Japanese history text the Nihongi. They are also depicted on clay figures, haniwa. The fundoshi was the underwear of choice of every Japanese adult male, rich or poor, high or low status, until after the Second World War, when Americanization popularized elasticized underpants. There are several types of fundoshi, including rokushaku, kuroneko, mokko and etchū.
The fundoshi comes in several basic styles. The most relaxed type consists in a strip of cloth, wound around the hips, secured at the small of the back by knotting or twisting, with the excess brought forward between the legs, and tucked through the cloth belt in front to hang as an apron.
The second style, for people who are active, is formed when the cloth is wound around the hips so that there is an excess of apron, which is brought back again between the legs and twisted around the belt-cloth in back. The rokushaku fundoshi is a length of cloth, the dimensions being one shaku (34 cm / 14 inches) wide and six shaku (2.3 m / 92 to 96 inches) long; roku is Japanese for six, hence roku-shaku. The fundoshi is often twisted to create a thong effect at the back. It was also the standard male bathing suit. Male children learning to swim during the early 1960s were often told to wear this kind of fundoshi because a boy in trouble could be easily lifted out of the water by the back cloth of their fundoshi.
The third style, called Etchū fundoshi, which originated in the vicinity of Toyama Prefecture, is a long rectangle of cloth with tapes at one narrow end. Etchū fundoshi is a length of cloth, however it has a strip of material at the waist to form a fastening or string. The dimensions are 14 inches width by about 40 inches length, and it is tied with the material strip in front of the body. One ties the tapes around the hips, with the cloth at the small of the back, and then pulls the cloth between the legs and through the belt, letting the remainder hang as an apron. Such fundoshi were issued to Japanese troops in World War II, and often were the sole garb of Allied POWs in tropic areas.
The best material for this is a white linen or white cotton. Silk crepe may be used according to one's taste, but plain silk is not suitable. In winter it may be lined with similar material, but in other seasons it is always single. Both ends (or front and back) are hemmed to put cords through. One of the cords forms a loop to suspend the front end from the neck, and the other secures the back end by being tied in the front. The length of the fundoshi is about 5 feet (5 shaku).
Variations [ edit ]
There are many other varieties of fundoshi as there are many variations on the principle of a loincloth. For example, the mokko-fundoshi (literally "earth-basket loincloth" because it looks like the traditional baskets used in construction), is made like the Etchu-fundoshi but without a front apron; the cloth is secured to the belt to make a bikini effect. The kuro-neko fundoshi (literally "black cat fundoshi") is like the mokko-fundoshi except that the portion that passes from front to back is tailored to create a thong effect. Men do not however wear fundoshi as everyday clothing. That would be seen as eccentric. Fundoshi are mainly worn on specific, traditional occasions, particularly when participating in a Hadaka Matsuri. During February nearly 10,000 men will gather at Saidaiji Temple in Okayama wearing only fundoshi to participate in the festival in hopes of gaining luck for the entire year.
The samurai (military elite) wore it as underwear with armor, combined with a shitagi shirt. Sumo wrestlers also wear a form of this garment, mawashi. Fundoshi are often worn with a hanten or happi (a short cotton jacket with straight sleeves) during summer festivals by men who carry mikoshi (portable shrines) in Shinto processions. Outside Japan it is perhaps best known from the drumming groups Ondekoza and Kodo, who appear dressed in only a white fundoshi and a headband. Fundoshi are sometimes used as traditional swimsuits. In some high schools, boys swim wearing fundoshi. The present Crown Prince of Japan also swam in fundoshi in their childhood. In the pools and beaches of Japan, fundoshi-wearing swimmers occasionally can be seen.
In late 2008 the Japanese firm, Wacoal, began marketing fundoshi for women and have had greater than expected sales. The loincloths for women come in seven different colors and two designs—plain and chequered.[1]
Cultural comparisons [ edit ]
The Japanese idiom fundoshi o shimete kakaru (tighten your loincloth) means the same as the English phrase "roll up your sleeves" — in other words, get ready for some hard work. The Japanese idiom tanin no fundoshi (literally, anyone else's fundoshi) means borrow or use tools or materials of anyone else.
See also [ edit ]
Russell Simmons—hip-hop impresario, lifestyle guru, and author of books like Super Rich: A Guide To Having It All—has a new project: making peace in the Middle East. Simmons believes that, despite the efforts of literally thousands of better men before him, they have what it takes to get that whole Israeli-Palestinian mess straightened out once and for all. Because of course they can.
Simmons recently told the Associated Press that the conflict “is like ‘a rap beef' that can be resolved through dialogue and understanding.” Further reiterating their own lack of understanding of the centuries-old struggle, Simmons said the whole thing could be resolved with just “a little trust.” Muslims and Jews "have the same aspirations and goals that are much greater than the things they call differences," Simmons said, still not providing anything close to a tangible solution to the quagmire.
Advertisement
Simmons said all this while in Israel at the invitation of Israeli President Shimon Peres. They came as part of a foundation that encourages face-to-face dialogue between different religious communities—to put it is in their terms, not unlike the face-to-face "dialogue" that occurred between Drake and Chris Brown in a club recently, or the dialogue between Tupac and a gun that made them a hologram. While Simmons has been touring Israel, he's also been talking yoga with religious leaders and even did a handstand “for the kids” in front of the Dome Of The Rock, one of the holiest sites for Muslims.
Liverpool boss on hand to keep track of Napoli duo
Liverpool boss Kenny Dalglish was at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday evening to keep an eye on talented Napoli duo Edinson Cavani and Ezequiel Lavezzi, reports Setanta Sports.
The Reds have been criticised for their profligacy in front of goal this season and Dalglish could be considering a double swoop for Cavani and Lavezzi to boost their attacking options for next season.
The South American pair were yesterday linked with possible switches to Chelsea yesterday but Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis has attempted to pour cold water over the rumours by claiming that only £100m would tempt them into selling.
Cavani, 24, is an international teammate of Luis Suarez and could be tempted to link up with their fellow Uruguayan at Anfield. Lavezzi, meanwhile, has been capped 16 times by Argentina.
Despite Napoli taking a 3-1 lead to Chelsea on Wednesday, the Italians were knocked out of the Champions League after they were defeated 4-1 on the night after extra-time.
ATTENTION! Clean Sheets are currently on the lookout for new writers to join our team… Click here for more details!
While on the road this week, we got to make another stop. This time, we got to visit the legendary Daly's Pen Shop in Milwaukee, WI. Daly's has been in business since 1924. The location has changed but its one of the oldest pen shops in the US. Its a lovely shop filled with all the lots of great stuff including a wide variety of pens, inks and paper. The owner Brad Bodart was friendly, helpful and patient with all my questions.
The first thing I gravitated toward was this vintage Sheaffer case. The bottom row are mostly vintage Esterbrooks. The beautiful Parker Duofold on the right on the middle shelf is actually a reproduction with a ballpoint from the 70s. It explained the $35 price!
Across the back wall of the shop was a fabulous vintage Parker Duofold clock with 1920s-style tortoiseshell celluloid frame and framed original trolley car advertisements.
Sheaffer custom-built this glass and aluminum display case for Daly's with grooves to hold pens and a secret cubby to store inks (Skrip, of course!). When the shop relocated over the years, this is one of the items that they always made sure was moved to the new location. They also moved a wooden case that runs the length of one wall full or narrow drawers to hold pens, ink and accessories.
The Daly's advertising calendar behind the cash register is fabulous and I was tickled that it hadn't been changed since my birthday. Brad said that they always knocked it off the wall while trying to change out the date cards so they had stopped chainging it. They promised to leave it my birthday for awhile so if you go in, check and see if It's still up.
In the front corner of the store was a case full of vintage ink bottles. I love the labels! I particularly like the box of vintage Quink “reproduces best for V-Mail” box. Amazing.
The billboard was actually a framed photo but I like to pretend that we passed it on our way in to Milwaukee. Of course, now most of Daly's business in online. I got a peek in the backroom with shelves of pens and accessories for their massive online shop.
If you didn't see it, there was an audio interview with Daly's Pens on NPR in November 2013. Its worth a listen.
Thanks, Daly's Pen Shop! We'll be back to visit soon!
Share via: Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
Pinterest
Reddit
Email
Intel has announced that its Haswell architecture, due to ship some time in 2013, will include hardware support for transactional memory.
Transactional memory is a promising technique designed to make the creation of reliable multithreaded programs easier. It does this by using a transactional model wherein complex operations can be performed concurrently, in isolation from each other, with those operations either completing or being undone as if they'd never been started—a model that developers are already familiar with from database programming.
Transactional memory refresher
For a longer explanation of transactional memory, read our coverage of IBM's hardware transactional memory in the BlueGene/Q supercomputer. Here's a rough outline:
In conventional multithreaded software, programs protect shared resources (which may be files on disk, data held in memory, network connections, or anything else) with "locks." Only one thread can hold a lock at any one time, so it can ensure that no other thread is modifying the shared resource at the same time. This tends to be pessimistic: the thread with the lock prevents any threads from from taking the lock, even if they only want to read the shared resource or make a non-conflicting update to it, such as adding two different entries into a dictionary.
With transactional memory, threads no longer need to take out locks when manipulating data structures held in memory. They start a transaction before attempting any modification to the structure, make their changes, and when they've finished, commit the transaction. During the transaction, the transactional memory system takes note of all the memory that the thread reads and writes.
When the transaction is committed, the system checks that no other thread made any changes to the memory the transaction used. If there were no changes, the transaction is committed and the thread continues. If there were changes, the transaction is aborted, and all its changes are undone. The thread can then retry the operation, try a different strategy (for example, one that uses locks), or give up entirely.
Intel's dual-pronged approach
Haswell's transactional support, which Intel is calling Transactional Synchronization Extensions (TSX), come in two parts. Hardware Lock Elision (HLE) allows easy conversion of lock-based programs into transactional programs in a way that's backwards compatible with current processors. Restricted Transactional Memory (RTM) is a more complete transactional memory implementation.
At their core, operating systems implement locks with pieces of memory, typically using the processor's natural integer type (so 32-bit for 32-bit operating systems, 64-bit for 64-bit ones). The thread taking the lock (and blocking all the other threads) does something to this piece of memory, typically something along the lines of incrementing its value from 0 to 1. To release the lock, the operation is reversed (so for example, decrementing from 1 to 0).
These modifications are visible to every processor core (and thread) in the system, and if another thread sees that the value in our example is 1, it knows it cannot take the lock, and must instead wait for it to go back to 0.
Hardware Lock Elision
HLE modifies this by slightly altering the instructions used to change the piece of memory. Specifically, it uses prefixes—instructions that do nothing in and of itself, but which change the interpretation of the next instruction—to modify the instructions that acquire and release the lock. Acquisitions are prefixed with an instruction called XACQUIRE, releases one called XRELEASE. With the prefixes, the attempt to acquire the lock succeeds—the thread thinks it has the lock and continue processing—but no global change is made to the lock value itself. So the thread with the lock will think its value is 1, but every other thread in the system will still see it as 0. This allows other threads to simultaneously also acquire the lock—and again, the processor will lie to them, so they see the lock as being held, but no other thread does.
This explains HLE's name: instead of the value going from 0 to 1 and back to 0, it just stays at 0. The "unnecessary" write gets elided.
Between acquiring the lock and releasing it, the processor tracks all the memory that the threads read and write. If something conflicts—if two threads modify the same piece of memory, or one thread reads a value that a second thread changes—then the processor will abort the transaction when the lock is released. If there are no conflicts, however, execution continues normally.
In this way, HLE allows conventional lock-based code to run optimistically. Each thread will still think it's obtained the lock, but the threads will be allowed to run simultaneously, and as long as it's safe, there won't be any aborted transactions.
The system is particularly clever because it's backwards compatible. The operations to manipulate the lock are still there, but with a special prefix. Haswell processors will honour the prefix and use transactional execution instead of the lock manipulations. Every other processor will ignore the prefix and just manipulate the lock, falling back to the traditional lock-based behavior. This is because XACQUIRE and XRELEASE are reusing prefixes that already exist, but are meaningless (and hence ignored) except when paired with a few specific instructions—instructions that wouldn't be used for implementing a lock anyway.
With HLE, it will then be possible to write programs and operating systems that will use transactions on Haswell, and hence achieve greater concurrency and have fewer threads waiting around for locks, but will still run correctly on current processors. In turn, this makes adoption of the feature much simpler and safer.
Restricted Transactional Memory
RTM is more involved and sheds that backwards compatibility. Where HLE implicitly uses transactions to allow lock-based code to run concurrently, RTM makes the starting, committing, and aborting transactions explicit. Whenever a thread starts a transaction with the new XBEGIN instruction, it also specifies a "fallback" routine that will execute if the transaction fails. When the transaction is ended, with the new XEND instruction, the processor commits the transaction if there were no conflicts, or aborts it and switches to the fallback routine if there were. Transactions can also be aborted explicitly by software with a new XABORT instruction.
Thanks to its explicit transaction boundaries and fallback feature, RTM allows much finer control of the transactions than HLE. In the longer term, with software support for transactions (an area that Intel is working on; the company has a proposal for C++ syntax for controlling transactions), RTM could provide a natural way of implementing transactional features.
Technically, Intel is stopping short of promising to actually implement full transactional memory. The documentation of the new instructions notes that "the hardware provides no guarantees as to whether an RTM region will ever successfully commit transactionally". An implementation could, in principle, always use the fallback path. However, the company expects Haswell to support transactions at least most of the time, provided the applications do not attempt to perform certain forbidden operations within a transaction (such as changing the processor's mode).
Intel's transactional memory might even one-up IBM's. IBM's system only supports transactions within a single (multicore) processor; Intel's documentation appears not to impose any such restriction on TSX.
Until now, transactional memory has been a technique best described as "experimental." The theoretical gains—a simpler programming model that allows much greater concurrency than lock-based systems—are well-known, but practical (software-based) implementations have offset those gains due to their poor performance. Even IBM's implementation is designed with an eye on experimentation to see if transactional memory is useful in practice. But with Intel planning to include the feature in a mainstream, mass-market processor, that changes: transactional memory will start being used for real. For parallel programmers, that's an exciting prospect indeed.
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) defended its senior adviser to the White House after past comments resurfaced of the official questioning President Obama's American citizenship.
Frank Wuco, who hosted a conservative radio program before joining the White House in January, floated the conspiracy that Obama was not eligible to be president because they were not a natural born U.S. citizen and claimed that Obama knew "nothing about the black American experience."
"Mr. Wuco works every day to keep the American people safe by helping to implement the President's security-focused agenda, including raising the global bar for vetting and screening of potential terrorists. Years-old comments cherry picked from thousands of hours on the air have no bearing on their ability to perform their job for the American people," then-acting DHS press secretary Tyler Houlton told CNN.
ADVERTISEMENT
Wuco once hosted a guest in 2011 who wrote a book forwarding the case why Obama was ineligible to be president and called the president's birth certificate "questionable" after it was released to the public.
"This person, not only does he, with the exception of the color of their skin, not only do they sort of lay a very false claim on their identification with the black American experience, they have no idea what it is. But people don't care," Wuco once quoted a friend as saying on their show.
The debunked "birther" conspiracy that Obama was born in Kenya was promoted by former real estate mogul Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE before their run for president. Trump believed the birth certificate to be fraudulent when it was released.
Kirstjen Nielsen Kirstjen Michele NielsenHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Immigrant advocacy groups seek restraining order to block Trump asylum policy MORE, who previously worked in the White House as the deputy to chief of staff John Kelly John Francis KellyMORE, was confirmed as the new DHS secretary earlier this month.
JUST ACROSS THE road from Gothenburg's main railway station, at the foot of a pair of hotels, a line of taxis is waiting to pick up passengers. The drivers, all men, many of them immigrants, chat and lean against their vehicles, mostly Volvos. One of them, an older man with an immaculate cab, ferries your correspondent to Volvo's headquarters on the other side of the river. Another car is waiting there, a gleaming new model with unusual antennae perched on two corners of its roof. An engineer gets in and drives the car onto a main commuter route. Then they take their hands off the wheel.
Volvo, like many car manufacturers, is putting a lot of work into automated vehicle technology. Such efforts have been going on for some time and were responsible for the development of power steering, automatic transmissions and cruise control. In the 2000s carmakers added features such as automated parallel parking and smart cruise, which can maintain a steady distance between vehicles. In 2011 Google revealed it was developing fully autonomous cars, using its detailed street maps, an array of laser sensors and smart software. It recently unveiled a new prototype that can be configured to have no driver controls at all, save an on/off button. Traditional car manufacturers are taking things more slowly, but the trend is clear.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
In many ways driverless cars would be a great improvement on the driven variety. Motoring accidents remain one of the leading causes of death in many countries. Automated driving promises huge improvements in both fuel efficiency and journey times and will give erstwhile drivers the chance to do other things, or nothing, during their trip.
Yet its effect on the labour market would be problematic. Only ten years ago driving a car was seen as the sort of complex task that was easy for humans but impossible for computers. Driving taxis, delivery vans or lorries has been one of the few occupations in which people without qualifications could earn a decent wage. Driverless vehicles could put an end to such work.
The apocalypse of the horsemen
Before the horseless carriage, drivers presided over horse-drawn vehicles. When cars became cheap enough, the horses and carriages had to go, which eliminated jobs such as breeding and tending horses and making carriages. But cars raised the productivity of the drivers, for whom the shift in technology was what economists call “labour-augmenting”. They were able to serve more customers, faster and over greater distances. The economic gains from the car were broadly shared by workers, consumers and owners of capital. Yet the economy no longer seems to work that way. The big losers have been workers without highly specialised skills.
The squeeze on workers has come from several directions, as the car industry clearly shows. Its territory is increasingly encroached upon by machines, including computers, which are getting cheaper and more versatile all the time. If cars and lorries do not need drivers, then both personal transport and shipping are likely to become more efficient. Motor vehicles can spend more time in use, with less human error, but there will be no human operator to share in the gains.
At the same time labour markets are hollowing out, polarising into high- and low-skill occupations, with very little employment in the middle. The engineers who design and test new vehicles are benefiting from technological change, but they are highly skilled and it takes remarkably few of them to do the job. At Volvo much of the development work is done virtually, from the design of the cars to the layout of the production line. Other workers, like the large numbers of modestly skilled labourers that might once have worked on the factory floor, are being squeezed out of such work and are now having to compete for low-skill and low-wage jobs.
Labour has been on the losing end of technological change for several decades. In 1957 Nicholas Kaldor, a renowned economist, set out six basic facts about economic growth, one of which was that the shares of national income flowing to labour and capital held roughly constant over time. Later research indicated that the respective shares of labour and capital fluctuate, but stability in the long run was seen as a good enough assumption to keep it in growth models and textbooks. Over the past 30 years or so, though, that has become ever harder to maintain as the share of income going to labour has fallen steadily the world over.
Recent work by Loukas Karabarbounis and Brent Neiman, of the University of Chicago, puts the global decline in labour's share since the early 1980s at roughly five percentage points, to just over half of national income. This seems to hold good within sectors and across many countries, including fast-growing developing economies like China, suggesting that neither trade nor offshoring are primarily responsible. Instead, the two scholars argue, at least half of the global decline in the share of labour is due to the plummeting cost of capital goods, particularly those associated with computing and information technology.
By one reckoning the price of cloud-computing power available through Amazon's web services has fallen by about 50% every three years since 2006. Google officials have said that the price of the hardware used to build the cloud is falling even faster, with some of the cost savings going to cloud providers' bottom lines rather than to consumers—for now, at any rate. The falling cost of computing power does not translate directly into substitution of capital for labour, but as the ICT industry has developed software capable of harnessing these technologies, the automation of routine tasks is becoming irresistible.
From the end of the second world war to the mid-1970s productivity in America, measured by output per person, and inflation-adjusted average pay rose more or less in tandem, each roughly doubling over the period. Since then, and despite a slowdown in productivity growth, pay has lagged badly behind productivity growth. From 2000 to 2011, according to America's Bureau of Labour Statistics, real output per person rose by nearly 2.5% a year, whereas real pay increased by less than 1% per year.
The counterpart to this eclipse of labour is the rise and rise of capital. In a landmark book that became an unlikely bestseller, Thomas Piketty, an economist at the Paris School of Economics and an authority on inequality, argues that economics should once again focus on distribution, as it did in the 19th and early 20th centuries. In those days the level of wealth in rich economies often approached seven times annual national income, so income earned from wealth played an enormous part in the economy and caused social strains that sometimes threatened the capitalist system. In the decades following the first world war old fortunes were wiped out by taxation, inflation and economic collapse, so by 1950 wealth in rich economies had typically fallen to just two or three times the level of annual national income. But since then it has begun to creep up again.
Mr Piketty acknowledges that inequality today is different from what it was 100 years ago. Today's great fortunes are largely in the hands of the working rich—entrepreneurs who earned billions by coming up with products and services people wanted—rather than the idle gentry of the early industrial era. Yet even if the source of the new wealth is less offensive than that of the old, the eclipse of labour could still become a disruptive social force. Wealth is generally distributed less equally than capital; many of those getting an income from work own little or no wealth. And Mr Piketty reckons that as wealth plays a bigger part in an economy, it will tend to become more concentrated.
The decline in the role of wealth in the early part of the 20th century, Mr Piketty observes, coincided with a levelling out of the wealth distribution, as for the first time in modern economic history a broad, property-owning middle class emerged. That middle class has been a stabilising force in politics and society over the past 70 years, they reckon. If it were to disappear, politics could become more contentious again.
Labour in America would have lost out to capital even more dismally except for soaring pay among a small group of high earners, according to a study in 2013 by Michael Elsby, of the University of Edinburgh, Bart Hobijn, of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, and Aysegul Sahin, of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The typical worker has fallen behind even more than a straightforward look at the respective shares of labour and capital suggests.
One explanation for that is the changing nature of many jobs. In recent years economists such as David Autor and Daron Acemoglu of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have pioneered a new way of looking at work: analysing occupations in terms of the tasks they involve. These can be manual or cognitive, routine or complex. The task content determines how skilled a worker must be to qualify for work in a particular occupation. Mr Autor argues that rapid improvement in ICT has enabled firms to reduce the number of workers engaged in routine tasks, both cognitive and manual, which are comparatively easy to programme and automate.
A manufacturing worker whose job consists of a clear set of steps—say, joining two sheets of metal with a series of welds—is highly vulnerable to being displaced by robots who can do the job faster, more precisely and at lower cost. So, too, is a book-keeper who enters standard data sets and performs simple calculations. Such routine work used to be done by people with mid-level skills for mid-range pay. Over the past generation, however, technology has destroyed large swathes of work in the middle of the skill and wage distribution, in a process economists call labour-force polarisation.
The hole in the middle
As recently as the 1980s demand from employers in rich countries was most buoyant for workers with a college education, less so for those with fewer qualifications and least so for those who had at best attended high school. But from the early 1990s that pattern changed. Demand still grew fastest for skilled workers and more slowly for less-skilled workers, but the share of employment in the middle actually shrank. In the 2000s the change became more pronounced: employment among the least-skilled workers soared whereas the share of jobs held by middle- and high-skill workers declined. Work involving complex but manual tasks, like cleaning offices or driving trucks, became more plentiful. Both in America and in Europe, since 2000 low-skill, low-productivity and low-wage service occupations have gained ground.
Highly skilled work, on the other hand, has become increasingly concentrated in jobs requiring complex cognitive or interpersonal tasks: managing a business, developing a new product or advising patients. As non-routine work has become more prized, supply and demand in the labour market have become increasingly unbalanced. Many cognitively complex jobs are beyond the abilities even of people with reasonable qualifications. The wage premium for college graduates has held steady in recent decades, but that is mainly because of the rising premium earned by holders of advanced degrees. The resulting competition for lower-level work has depressed wage growth, leading to stagnant pay for typical workers.
Technology has created a growing reservoir of less-skilled labour while simultaneously expanding the range of tasks that can be automated. Most workers are therefore being forced into competition both against each other and against machines. No wonder their share of the economic pie has got smaller, in developing economies as well as in the rich world.
This is great news for the people of Ireland. But we need to create those jobs in the US too. In Ireland, a country of four million, 10,000 "green" jobs were created in the last three months in organic farming, energy efficient construction, electric cars, and other green industries. With US GDP falling by 1.6% in the first quarter of 2009 we need more action and investment from our government and the private sector. Passing effective climate and energy legislation this year will increase both public and private investment in a clean energy economy, creating new jobs and lifting America out of the recession.
The Waxman-Markey Act recently introduced in the House could be the right start, but it currently falls far short of what we need. An analysis by the Breakthrough Institute found that of the $1 trillion in cap and trade revenue between 2012-2025, only $9 billion a year will be invested in clean technology. "This $9 billion is far less than what Obama promised ($15 billion) and far less than the $30 billion that three dozen energy scientists and experts, including several Nobel laureates, called for in a sign-on letter during the fall of 2007."
Strong climate legislation will also encourage investment from the private sector, giving American businesses the opportunity to compete in a global economy. Currently, only 6 of the top 30 companies in solar, wind, and advanced batteries are US companies. We can do better. The recession is the perfect opportunity for forward-thinking businesses to invest and put America back on the path to prosperity. Let's hope we can print headlines here, like the one above, very soon.
Image copyright FDA Image caption The FDA said the condoms were also not adequately lubricated
More than 110 million Chinese-made condoms have been seized in Ghana after laboratory tests revealed they were faulty, Ghanaian officials have said.
"There are holes in them and... the condoms burst easily," a Food and Drugs Authority (FDA) spokesperson told the BBC.
The condoms were being distributed free as part of an HIV/Aids prevention campaign by the Ghana Health Service.
About 200 million of the faulty condoms are believed to have been imported into the country.
The BBC's Sammy Darko in the capital, Accra, says the condom packaging is silvery white with a red Aids ribbon incorporated into the design and the words "Be Safe" also in red.
You may not be able to see the holes with your naked eye but when you look at it under the microscope you can see holes FDA's Thomas Amedzro
The FDA has issued an alert about their safety.
Thomas Amedzro, head of drug enforcement at the FDA, said the condoms had been imported via Kenya from a Chinese manufacturer.
All imported condoms are supposed to be tested by the FDA before distribution, they said.
"Somehow there was a lapse; the batches of the condoms were not submitted as duly required for the appropriate testing to be conducted," they told the BBC's Focus on Africa programme.
Anybody using them could be "exposed to sexually transmitted infections or be saddled with unwanted pregnancies", Mr Amedzro said.
"You may not be able to see the holes with your naked eye but when you look at it under the microscope you can see holes," they said.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption About 230,000 people in Ghana are living with HIV
They were also not adequately lubricated, the FDA said.
Our reporter says the health service took delivery of the condoms in February this year, but they arrived in the country in the last quarter of 2012.
"Since the alert went out, a number of individuals and organisations have already reported to us that they have stocks, which we are already retrieving," Mr Amedzro said.
A publicity campaign was underway to ensure that all the other unsafe condoms were found, they added.
According to UN figures, an estimated 230,000 people in Ghana, which has a population of 25 million, are living with HIV.
Oh, how the Gandhis have fallen.
Just five months after the resounding rejection of the Nehru-Gandhi clan's Congress party in national elections, the family--which has led the country for most of its independent history--has all but disappeared from the front pages of India's newspapers.
A news search of the thousands of newspapers and websites in the Factiva database shows how sharply media interest in the family has fallen and turned to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Factiva is a service of Dow Jones & Co., which publishes The Wall Street Journal.
A quick tally of all the news stories that mention all three Congress party royals – Sonia, Rahul and Priyanka Gandhi – shows that Mr. Modi was mentioned in ten times as many articles in September.
“They have really fallen off the map,” said political analyst and columnist Ashok Malik. “It is a reflection of complete confusion and defeatism in the party.”
Any party would be licking its wounds after such a punishing election defeat. The 2014 polls were Congress's worst-ever showing. The party didn't even win enough seats to be given the right to lead the opposition.
While it's always difficult to upstage a prime minister, Mr. Modi has proven particularly adept at managing the media. Unlike their predecessor Manmohan Singh, they are not shy about broadcasting their confidence and charisma through big speeches, events and photo opportunities.
While Prime Minister Modi complains the press hasn't given them a proper honeymoon period, the story count suggests they are still a media darling. They have been mentioned in no fewer than 55,000 stories in the last three months. That's more stories than former Prime Minister Singh appeared in during all of 2013.
Mr. Singh “didn't go to Madison Square Garden, they didn't stand next to Hugh Jackman, they didn't give the media as many hooks (as Modi) but they made news,” on international trips, said Mr. Malik. “Communicating images and words is not just an add-on to government it is integral to govern and Modi realized that a long time ago.”
For breaking news, features and analysis from India, click here and follow WSJ India on Facebook.
Meanwhile, Marquez has lost only to the far bigger and unbeaten Floyd Mayweather Jr . since their narrow Pacquiao loss, ascending to become world lightweight champion and insisting their style will give Pacquiao fits.
Pacquiao, considered the world's top pound-for-pound boxer, has proceeded to dominate the likes of Ricky Hatton , Oscar De La Hoya and Miguel Cotto since edging Marquez. Their three consecutive unanimous decisions over Joshua Clottey , Antonio Margarito and Shane Mosley have been landslides.
Marquez and Pacquiao fought to a 2004 draw, then battled to a split-decision won by Pacquiao in 2008. Part three of the trilogy appears destined for MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, with Pacquiao's World Boxing Organization welterweight belt on the line.
Mexico's Juan Manuel Marquez Wednesday officially signed a contract to fight Manny Pacquiao for a third time Nov. 12, most likely in Las Vegas, said Todd duBoef , the president of Pacquiao's promotional company, Top Rank.
A 144-pound catch weight has been agreed upon.
"I like the fight, how can you not after the first two fights?" said DuBoef, who supervised Marquez's signing at the Beverly Hills Hotel. "The thing I like best about this one is that the fans are encouraged by it.
"These guys have fought like gladiators over the course of their last 24 rounds together, and I believe we have another 12 more like that ahead of us."
Marquez will receive a guaranteed $5 million, plus an unspecified "upside" of pay-per-view sales. Pacquiao's U.S. business advisor met with Top Rank Chairman Bob Arum Tuesday, and the Filipino star boxer will likely sign their deal -- likely to be in the $20-million guaranteed neighborhood -- later this month in the Philippines.
Marquez's signing triggers what will likely be a compelling battle to televise the bout between Showtime -- which televised Pacquiao-Mosley on May 7 -- and the fighter's former home network, HBO.
Rumors abound in the industry that HBO executives were extremely displeased to lose the Pacquiao fight, ramping up pressure on HBO Sports President Ross Greenburg to land Pacquiao-Marquez.
An HBO spokesperson told The Times Wednesday that Greenburg was not available to comment about the network's interest in Pacquiao-Marquez.
Showtime, which has yet to announce the number of pay-per-view buyers it drew for Pacquiao-Mosley, has proven to Arum "they can perform."
"We will evaluate whoever is providing the most assets in the publicizing and promotion of the event," Arum said Wednesday.
Arum said they won't use Pacquiao-Marquez to get other premium network fight dates, and said, "Whoever offers me dates is out. My job is to maximize the revenue for these two fighters, period."
Negotiations for Pacquiao-Marquez also included a Monday session that placed Arum and Golden Boy Chief Executive Richard Schaefer at the same table for the first time in several months, and the rivals who haven't staged a fight together in two years emerged conciliatory rather than still divisive, DuBoef said.
"It's good to have positive dialogue and not allow negative banter -- backstabbing, talking about each other to the media -- to take over," DuBoef said. "Positive interaction is encouraging. You crawl before you walk. I hope we can do business together again, we want a more healthy environment, and that brief interaction represents the first steps."
ALSO:
Bob Arum says Marquez is heading toward a third fight with Pacquiao
Freddie Roach will help coach USA Boxing team
-- Lance Pugmire
Photo: Juan Manuel Marquez. Credit: Steve Marcus / Reuters
Target removed GTA V from their shelves in Australia so now GTA V gamers want to see them remove the Bible because of its violent content.
A few days a go Target decided that Grand Theft Auto V was not a suitable product to sell in the store stating that their decision to remove it was ” in line with the majority view of our customers.”
The game was removed from Australian Target stores following a petition started by three women who had suffered from sexual violence.
GTA V gamers were not happy with Target's decision and decided to set up their own petition which outlines why the Bible should be removed from the shelves.
“Withdraw The Holy Bible – this sickening book encourages readers to commit sexual violence and kill women.
“This is The Holy Bible. This book means that after various sex acts, readers are given options to kill women by stoning their unconscious, Setting them on fire, cutting off their hands, and killing their children!
“This misogynistic book literally makes a game of bashing, killing and horrific violence against women. It also links sexual arousal and violence.”
When the GTA V decision was made, Target pointed out that they would “continue to sell other R-rated DVDs and games”, so we assume the Bible could fall into that category, although I somehow don't think it has a rating.
As of today the Bible petition has managed to secure 51,312 signatures which is more than the 48,820 raised by the “Withdraw Grand Theft Auto 5” petition.
Will Target remove the Bible? I seriously doubt that. But let's be honest here, the Bible has been responsible for more human misery, death and suffering than any videogame so perhaps it should join GTA V on their ban list.
Evan McMullin. George Frey/Getty Images A new poll revealed that former independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin would defeat incumbent Utah Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch in a potential matchup in a US Senate race, Salt Lake City's KSL-TV reported.
The poll by JMC Analytics and commissioned by The Centrist Project, an organization that is recruiting candidates for public office in 2018, found that 33 percent of Utah residents would vote for McMullin and 29 percent would vote for Hatch, while 11 percent would vote for a Democrat if the election were held today. Ten percent of respondents said they would select someone else, while 17 percent said they were undecided.
The poll also found that only 21 percent of Utah residents said they would prefer for Hatch to be re-elected, while 68 percent said they want "someone new."
A poll released in January by the Salt Lake Tribune and the Hinckley Institute of Politics found that 78 percent of registered voters in Utah do not think Hatch should run for re-election. Hatch has since indicated that they plan to seek another term.
Speculation about a potential run for office by McMullin, who launched a bid for the White House as an alternative for conservatives dissatisfied with President Donald Trump's candidacy, increased after Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) announced earlier this week that they will not seek re-election in 2018.
McMullin, a former CIA agent, told the Washington Examiner in a Thursday email that they had been considering a primary challenge to Hatch or Chaffetz in the 2018 Republican primary, and Chaffetz's departure from Congress might help them reach a decision about their political future.
"I've been considering challenging Hatch or Chaffetz, or not running at all in 2018," McMullin wrote. "Obviously, this development today is significant, but there are other important factors. I still haven't made a decision."
Google Pay is the fast, simple way to pay online, in stores and more. Book a trip, grab a meal, see a show, and enjoy new experiences – all without your wallet. Getting started on the web or with the app is easy. Just add a card, and you're ready to go.In addition to sending or requesting money from the app's new Send tab, you can also split any Google Pay purchase with up to five friends. Just tap on a recent purchase in the app and request money all in one go.Google Pay lets you keep everything you need to speed through checkout on your phone. Plus, the Home tab gives you all the information you need, right when you need it. See your recent transactions, find nearby stores, and enjoy access to rewards while you shop.Google Pay protects your payment info with multiple layers of security, using one of the world's most advanced security infrastructures to help keep your account safe. And when you pay in stores, Google Pay uses an encrypted number instead of your actual card number, so your real card details stay safe.From daily commutes to cross-country flights, you can go anywhere with Google Pay. Simply save your tickets and transit passes, use your phone at the gate, and go.Google Pay is available on all non-rooted Android devices (Lollipop 5.0+).Still have questions? Head over to https://support.google.com/googlepay
Numerous protesters have scaled the “no-scale” fence erected by the DNC, and now police are pepper spraying some of them to keep them back.
Video from outside the gate shows protesters clashing with police — through the wall.
One woman, who attempted to block it with their Bernie Sanders sign, could be seen coughing after apparently being sprayed. (Or maybe they smelled another protester's BO.)
An older woman said they were hit, too, by officers witnesses say were with the Secret Service and the Department of Homeland Security.
“It hurts like hell, so does the whole side of my face,” they said, pointing to the right side of them visage.
They said they were there for “democracy.”
When asked what they thought of the Democratic Party, they shouted, “F*ck the Democratic Party! That's what I say.”
They were then filmed scaling the “no-scale” fence, as were several other protesters who climbed over the 8-foot wall.
They were promptly detained by awaiting officers.
Arsenal face Manchester United at the Emirates Stadium on
Theo Walcott has suffered another injury setback, ruling them out of Saturday's Premier League showdown against Manchester United.
The Arsenal forward has only just come back from fitness following a nine month lay-off with a serious knee injury.
But Walcott has now returned from England duty with a groin problem.
VIDEOS Scroll down to watch
Theo Walcott, pictured ahead of England's game against Scotland, has returned to Arsenal with a groin injury
Walcott, in training for England last week, has only just returned from a nine-month injury lay-off
Danny Welbeck, pictured celebrating Wayne Rooney's second goal against Scotland, is an injury doubt
'Theo is not available for tomorrow's clash, they have a tight groin,' said Wenger.
Walcott's team-mate Danny Welbeck is also a doubt for the game after picking up a hamstring injury whilst on international duty.
Wenger added: 'We will decide of Welbeck is fit after checking on them today.'
Fit-again striker Olivier Giroud can, however, help offer Arsenal 'different options', according to Wenger.
The France international has recovered quicker than expected from a fractured leg suffered when challenging for the ball in the closing stages of the 2-2 draw against Everton on August 23.
Olivier Giroud has returned to training for Arsenal and could feature against Manchester United
The Frenchman has been sidelined after they suffered a fractured leg in the draw at Everton back in August
Football analysts Bloomberg Sports believe an Arsenal win is the most likely outcome against Man Utd
Wenger revealed Giroud could even be involved in the game against United at the Emirates Stadium, although the trip to West Brom on November 29 looks a more realistic target.
The Gunners boss is confident when they and Walcott are fully match fit, the Arsenal squad will have even more firepower at their disposal to add to the impressive form of summer signing Alexis Sanchez and former United frontman Welbeck.
'Giroud and Mikel Arteta are both available. It is just a question of how ready they are, but they are available,' said Wenger to the club's website.
'He (Giroud) is three or four weeks ahead of schedule. Originally we planned to have them back for competition at the beginning of next year, so they are one month ahead.'
A drone is seen next to a television antenna in Pinecrest, Florida September 2, 2014. REUTERS/Andrew Innerarity
GENEVA (Reuters) - The United States wants a global deal to reallocate parts of the radio spectrum for the next “5G” generation of mobile devices, a boom in civilian drones and a worldwide flight tracking system, senior U.S. officials said on Thursday.
Tom Wheeler, chairperson of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission, told a news conference that world powers would have to decide whether to follow the U.S. example in allocating more of their spectrum to mobile telephony.
“The big question here is will the other countries of the world be participating in meeting that spectrum need in a way that produces scope and scale economies that allows the wonder of wireless and truly the transformative power that this represents to individual human beings, let alone to economies,” they asked.
The United States will start auctioning part of its VHF spectrum on March 29 next year, and wants others to join in to reduce costs for global business.
Wheeler was speaking during the first week of the month-long World Radiocommunication Conference in Geneva, held every four years by the United Nations' International Telecommunication Union.
Ambassador Decker Anstrom, head of the U.S. delegation to the conference, said there were a “variety of views” among delegates on the issue, and on another debate about spectrum for civilian drones, which are expected to become an $80 billion business in the United States alone over the next decade.
Civilian drones could monitor incidents at nuclear power stations, check the safety of pipelines, watch over wildlife preserves and help in weather forecasting, they said.
Anstrom said they were very optimistic that a global agreement was possible as early as next week on a third issue — providing spectrum for global flight tracking.
On the one-month anniversity of Donald Trump's victory over Hillary Clinton in the presidential election, Fox News' Sean Hannity took the pulse of "the collective freakout from the crybaby left."
In their opening monologue on Thursday's edition of "Hannity," Sean said that the left-wing reaction to Trump's victory "is now reaching mind-numbing levels."
The host cited stories of Washington D.C. women cutting and dyeing their hair "because they want to feel empowered in order to oppose president-elect Trump." Hannity also noted that a public relations firm founded by CNN "radical" pundit Van Jones is "working with Republican Electoral College electors who plan on voting against Donald Trump on Dec. 19."
Hannity then turned their attention to the left-wing broadcast media, such as "The View" host Whoopi Goldberg, who told women to "watch your uterus" under a Trump presidency.
"Ladies," Hannity said, "your uteruses will be fine."
Filmmaker Michael Moore, who repeatedly predicted a Trump win during the campaign, also drew scorn for their claim that Trump and their fellow Republicans would trigger an "onslught of suffering" against ordinary Americans.
"Michael, calm down," Hannity said. "The suffering happened under Obama. Thirteen million more Americans that are on food stamps, eight million more in poverty, the lowest labor participation rate since the 70s, that's Obama's policies."
"All of this is so beyond ridiculous, but, to my friends in the audience, let me translate what all this means," the host concluded. "It's pretty simple. They lost, they can't handle it, and you won. And hopefully America wins."
Throughout the years, we've seen some pretty genius inventions from Japan, but every once in a while they come up with something so strange, so bizarre, you can't help but ask yourself “what were they thinking?” The new Face Slimmer anti-aging mouthpiece is one of those things…
The so-called face Slimmer was launched in Japan, late last year, by a well-known cosmetic company called Glim. It's a weird-looking rubbery thing that looks a lot like the mouth of a blow-up doll, and it supposedly solves your sagging face problem while giving you that coveted duck-face look. You know, the one every “cool” teenager poses with in their Facebook photos. Now, unlike most other Japanese inventions, the Face Slimmer isn't high-tech. In fact it's as low tech as they come, all you have to do is put it in your mouth and start exercising your face muscles. Think of it as a squeeze punch for your mouth…
When photos of the Face Slimmer first appeared on the Internet, some Japanese media outlets took it as a gag, but when it started being listed on online stores like Japan Trend Shop, everyone stopped laughing. This thing isn't cheap either, it costs a whopping $83. No thanks, I think I'll cut off the mouth off my blow-up doll instead. Anyway, if you're curious about how it's used, Glim has released some photos with the Face Slimmer in action, along with some instructions, like trying to repeat out loud the Japanese vowel sounds – “a i u e o”
『あ い う え お』 for at least three minutes a day, everyday for the rest of one's life. It will make the wrinkles around your eyes go away, and improve the look of your face…
Looking at all these ridiculous photos, so many mean and vulgar comments come to mind, but I think I'll let you guys do the commenting.
via Asian Tube
Deloitte, one of the world's “big four” accounting firms, has acknowledged a breach of its internal email systems, British news outlet The Guardian revealed today. Deloitte has sought to downplay the incident, saying it impacted “very few” clients. But according to a source close to the investigation, the breach dates back to at least the fall of 2016, and involves the compromise of all administrator accounts at the company as well as Deloitte's entire internal email system.
In a story published Monday morning, The Guardian said a breach at Deloitte involved usernames, passwords and personal data on the accountancy's top blue-chip clients.
“The Guardian understands Deloitte clients across all of these sectors had material in the company email system that was breached,” The Guardian's Nick Hopkins wrote. “The companies include household names as well as US government departments. So far, six of Deloitte's clients have been told their information was ‘impacted' by the hack.”
In a statement sent to KrebsOnSecurity, Deloitte acknowledged a “cyber incident” involving unauthorized access to its email platform.
“The review of that platform is complete,” the statement reads. “Importantly, the review enabled us to understand precisely what information was at risk and what the hacker actually did and to determine that only very few clients were impacted [and] no disruption has occurred to client businesses, to Deloitte's ability to continue to serve clients, or to consumers.”
However, information shared by a person with direct knowledge of the incident said the company in fact does not yet know precisely when the intrusion occurred, or for how long the hackers were inside of its systems.
This source, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the team investigating the breach focused their attention on a company office in Nashville known as the “Hermitage,” where the breach is thought to have begun.
The source confirmed The Guardian reporting that current estimates put the intrusion sometime in the fall of 2016, and added that investigators still are not certain that they have completely evicted the intruders from the network.
Indeed, it appears that Deloitte has known something was not right for some time. According to this source, the company sent out a “mandatory password reset” email on Oct. 13, 2016 to all Deloitte employees in the United States. The notice stated that employee passwords and personal identification numbers (PINs) needed to be changed by Oct. 17, 2016, and that employees who failed to do so would be unable to access email or other Deloitte applications. The message also included advice on how to pick complex passwords:
The source told KrebsOnSecurity they were coming forward with information about the breach because, “I think it's unfortunate how we have handled this and swept it under the rug. It wasn't a small amount of emails like reported. They accessed the entire email database and all admin accounts. But we never notified our advisory clients or our cyber intel clients.”
“Cyber intel” refers to Deloitte's Cyber Intelligence Centre, which provides 24/7 “business-focused operational security” to a number of big companies, including CSAA Insurance, FedEx, Invesco, and St. Joseph's Healthcare System, among others.
This same source said forensic investigators identified several gigabytes of data being exfiltrated to a server in the United Kingdom. The source further said the hackers had free reign in the network for “a long time” and that the company still does not know exactly how much total data was taken.
In its statement about the incident, Deloitte said it responded by “implementing its comprehensive security protocol and initiating an intensive and thorough review which included mobilizing a team of cyber-security and confidentiality experts inside and outside of Deloitte.” Additionally, the company said it contacted governmental authorities immediately after it became aware of the incident, and that it contacted each of the “very few clients impacted.”
“Deloitte remains deeply committed to ensuring that its cyber-security defenses are best in class, to investing heavily in protecting confidential information and to continually reviewing and enhancing cybersecurity,” the statement concludes.
Deloitte has not yet responded to follow-up requests for comment. The Guardian reported that Deloitte notified six affected clients, but Deloitte has not said publicly yet when it notified those customers.
Deloitte has a significant cybersecurity consulting practice globally, wherein it advises many of its clients on how best to secure their systems and sensitive data from hackers. In 2012, Deloitte was ranked #1 globally in security consulting based on revenue.
Deloitte refers to one or more of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, a private company based in the United Kingdom. According to the company's Web site, Deloitte has more than 263,000 employees at member firms delivering services in audit and insurance, tax, consulting, financial advisory, risk advisory, and related services in more than 150 countries and territories. Revenues for the fiscal year 2017 were $38.8 billion.
The breach at the big-four accountancy comes on the heels of a massive breach at big-three consumer credit bureau Equifax. That incident involved several months of unauthorized access in which intruders stole Social Security numbers, birth dates, and addresses on 143 million Americans.
This is a developing story. Any updates will be posted as available, and noted with update timestamps.
Tags: CSAA Insurance, Cyber Intelligence Centre, Deloitte breach, FedEx, Invesco, Nick Hopkins, St. Joseph's Healthcare System, The Guardian
Helen Pundurs of Long Beach got an early and most purrfect Christmas present from the North Shore Animal League of America, complete with a special delivery.
They and their partner, Joe Bua, were approved to adopt three kittens, a male named Mikey and boy/girl siblings Spanky and Pepper, from the no-kill shelter in Port Washington.
"Both Joe and I were so excited when we found out, we could hardly wait!" Pundurs said of being approved for adoption.
The family's new additions were fostered by Beth Stern, North Shore's spokesperson, who delivered the kittens to their new home with the help of a shelter representative.
Pundurs said Stern lingered for about an hour, "telling us about them, playing, watching them explore their new surroundings, taking some pictures."
Stern, wife of radio host and Long Island native Howard Stern, who is now a judge on "America's Got Talent," is no stranger to puppy love or cuddly felines. Since last summer, they and their husband have fostered about 50 kittens and cats in their homes in Southampton and Manhattan. Potential parents must specifically request one of the kittens the Sterns have fostered when they apply for adoption at North Shore. Otherwise, the rest of the application process is the same as with all animals at the shelter.
Pundurs has had six cats over the years, all shelter adoptions or street rescues, but it has been 14 years since she's had cats underfoot. "A startling length of time in light of how much I love them!"
Best Bets Get the scoop on events, nightlife, day trips, family fun and things to do on Long Island. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
She's not alone. Stern has been involved in all of their fostered felines' adoptions, reviewing applications, selecting adoptive families with a small committee, then personally delivering some of them to their new homes, as they did with Pundurs and Bua.
But Stern has much bigger plans for cats and kittens.
More room to roam
They and North Shore Animal League America have begun a $7-million fundraising campaign to add a second story to the existing adoption center.
"It's so exciting," said Joanne Yohannan, senior vice president of operations at North Shore. "It's going to be 14,000 square feet of cage-free living."
The extension -- for cats and kittens only -- is a change from the present setup, where cats and dogs inhabit cages on the same ground-floor level. The expansion will have about 10 dedicated open living areas for the cats, and there will be new exam rooms, grooming spaces, a nursery, a surgical suite and other features.
"For cats that are with us longer, that don't get adopted as quickly [as kittens] -- while they are with us this is going to be as close to home as we can make it," Yohannan added.
The addition will be named Bianca's Furry Friends Feline Adoption & Wellness Center, after the Sterns' 10-year-old English bulldog, who died in July 2012.
After losing Bianca, Stern said, they felt a strong desire to do something special in their honor, and that's when the idea to expand the North Shore facility was born.
"She was the love of our lives," Stern said. "She completed us as a couple. I don't have children of my own, so they were my everything -- my light, my love, everything that a dog encompasses in a household."
Bianca cohabited happily among several cats the Sterns have adopted over time. They now have five -- Walter, Apple, Leon Bear, Charlie Boy and Bella, who is blind. And they routinely foster adult cats and kittens, some from North Shore and some from municipal shelters, such as the Islip Animal Shelter and Adopt-a-Pet Center in Bay Shore.
Officials hope to break ground in a year on the upgraded facility, which is expected to be completed in three years. It will not only give cats room to roam, but it will have space for nearly 100 additional rescue animals.
Yohannan said North Shore is caring for more than 125 cats and kittens and more than 200 puppies and dogs.
Nationally, nearly 4 million animals were euthanized in 2013, according to North Shore, which bills itself as the world's largest no-kill animal rescue and adoption organization. According to its website, North Shore Animal League America rescues, nurtures and finds homes for nearly 20,000 homeless, ailing or neglected animals annually. The dogs and cats are rescued from shelters nationwide as well as from those on Long Island.
"Every single township on Long Island has an animal shelter," said Gary Rogers, a spokesperson for the Nassau County Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. But people often don't realize that they can adopt from them, they added, and when no one claims or adopts strays that aren't in no-kill shelters, the animals are typically euthanized after 10 days.
Stars pause for a cause
Saving the lives of more animals and keeping them safe at Bianca's Furry Friends until they are adopted will come at a hefty price. So in addition to accepting donations on its website, North Shore held a star-studded fundraiser in November at the Waldorf Astoria in Manhattan. The Sterns mingled with actors John Stamos, Zach Braff, George Takei, and Robin Givens, "Today" co-host Matt Lauer, Natalie Maines of the Dixie Chicks and guest of honor Rachael Ray, a longtime supporter.
Between the gala, which brought in $610,000, a 2014 commemorative calendar featuring Beth Stern and animals (photographed by Howard Stern and priced at $24.95) and special auctions, Yohannan said, more than $1 million has been raised. In June, a fundraising luncheon will be held on Long Island.
In the meantime, North Shore is breaking ground on a separate project to handle medical cases. A 2,000-square-foot space will be renovated to house five small isolation wards in a state-of-the-art facility for animals with upper respiratory infections, kennel cough or other contagious diseases. The Elizabeth Ann Freed Special Recovery Center will cost $750,000. Of that amount, $350,000 has been donated by the Manhattan-based Freed Foundation, which supports animal welfare and other causes.
By the time shovels go in the ground for Bianca's Furry Friends, perhaps Pundurs and Bua will be ready to adopt again.
"We would definitely adopt kittens again; who knows?" Pundurs said. "Anyone who has cats can tell you, having two is no more effort than one, and they make each other so happy."
Not to mention their owners.
NO NEED TO BE FAMOUS TO FOSTER
If you can't commit to adopting a pet, North Shore offers temporary fostering opportunities. The shelter routinely houses orphaned kittens and puppies, senior-care dogs and cats, moms with babies and animals healing after surgeries, that need some TLC from humans. The length of time for fostering is determined on an individual basis. Applicants must be over 21 years old and live in the New York, New Jersey and Connecticut area.
For more information, go to animalleague.org or call 516-883-7575.
North Shore Animal League, 25 Davis Ave., Port Washington
Open 365 days a year, Sunday-Thursday, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Friday-Saturday, 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.
With Shake Shack's development plans in Japan looking solid, the company owned by hospitality genius Danny Meyer today confirmed it would open a location in Seoul, South Korea next year.
Shake Shack's expansion into South Korea wouldn't be possible without a local partner on the ground. In Seoul, that partner is SPC Group, a company that owns and operates 30 different food brands in Asia and the U.S., including Paris Baguette, a well-known chain with several locations in the U.S. The partners will open one Shack location in 2016 but have plans to open 25 total in Korea by 2025.
Shake Shack has already established itself as having a cult-like following in Tokyo, where the company is currently at work on its second location. The first drew lines on opening day. As it has for every other opening, Shake Shack is committed to using sustainable building materials in its construction and offering the same menu of Shack burgers, dogs, and fries it serves at every other location. Additionally, Shake Shack Seoul will incorporate products from local purveyors, as it does in each new town.
Shake Shack CEO Randy Garutti released a statement this morning: "We've heard from fans in South Korea for years that they'd like us to bring Shake Shack to their hometown, and we're absolutely delighted to do so in the dynamic capital of Seoul. We consider it the highest privilege to partner with SPC Group, a revered operator whose admirable community commitment pairs strongly with our mission to Stand For Something Good®."
Hur Hee-Soo, Senior Managing Director of SPC Group said, "We believe that bringing Shake Shack to the Korean market will enhance sincere hospitality, provide a fun and welcoming community gathering place, and extend support to the local community. This venture well aligns with our dedicated history of commitment to make the world a happier place and we are extremely excited to open the first Shake Shack in 2016."
In Futurama, a modern day dope awakens in the future and goes on hilarious adventures with their alien, mutant, and robot friends (similarities to our most recent presidency are purely unintentional). It's by Matt Groening. It's science fiction. We should love it.
But there's a problem: Dr Zoidberg, (quoting Wikipedia here) an ignorant, socially inept, disgusting, incompetent who lives in poverty (deep breath) AND speaks with a Yiddish accent, gets guilt from their parents, has a borscht-belt-comedian uncle... you get the point.
Just thinking that Zoidberg might be Jewish ruins the whole show for us. So what can we do about it? Jew or Not Jew powers... ACTIVATE!
Ok, first off, the show never outright defines Zoidberg as Jewish. That's good.
Second, Zoidberg is a kind of lobster/squid amalgam which means he's not Kosher. According to the Bear Corollary established by this website, a non-kosher creature is actually more likely to be Jewish since Jews do not consume each other. That's bad. (The Corollary is. The not eating each other thing is actually fairly beneficial.)
Zoidberg doesn't wear a yarmulke. Doesn't go to shul. Doesn't study Torah. Good, good and good.
Now, here's where our in-depth knowledge of xenozoology comes in handy; aka, watching Star Trek. Y'see, on Star Trek they encounter all sorts of "theme planets". There's the Greek planet, the Roman planet, the Native American planet, you get the point. None of the people on these planets are Greek, Roman or Cherokee, they just look and act that way.
The Enterprise has never visited a Jewish planet, but we must assume one exists and that's the planet Zoidberg is from (Decapod 10, for those of you planning a visit).
All of which brings us to the following happy conclusion (and not a moment too soon):
Lahore Qalandars have unearthed a truly unique prospect in Yasir Jan, an ambidextrous quick who can generate serious pace with both arms
Play 01:53 Play 01:53 'Bowling with both hands is something I want to keep doing'
Pakistan have produced a number of gifted fast bowlers through their cricket history. Now, a talent hunt conducted by the Pakistan Super League team Lahore Qalandars may have unearthed someone truly unique: Yasir Jan, a 21-year-old quick who can bowl with both arms, and generate serious pace with either.
According to Aaqib Javed, the former Pakistan fast bowler who is now Qalandars' head of cricket operations, the ambidextrous Yasir can clock "around 145kmph with their right arm and not less than 135kmph with their left arm".
Qalandars have signed up Yasir on a 10-year developmental contract.
Yasir hails from Charsadda, a town situated 29km from Peshawar. They moved to Islamabad at the age of 12, where they have been working with their brothers at the family's vegetable shop. Cricket had been a "part-time passion" until they took a break from their work earlier this month to attend the talent hunt in Rawalpindi. The event has journeyed throughout Punjab, starting in Bahawalpur and ending in Lahore, taking 22 days to cover all the major cities.
They didn't take long to catch Aaqib's eye.
"He was bowling with their right arm, but then they came to me and told me, 'I can bowl with left arm too,' which caught my attention," Aaqib said at a press conference at the Lahore Press Club, where they introduced Yasir. "It was a surprise for me, because I have never seen anyone doing that. I have seen cricketers throwing with both arms, and even saw a bowler bowling spin with both arms, but this is someone extraordinary."
This isn't the first time Aaqib has discovered an unusual fast-bowling talent. In 2008, it was they who unearthed Mohammad Irfan, the 7'1" left-arm quick who was working at a plastic pipe factory at the time, earning around Pakistani Rs 8,000 (US $76 approx) a month while playing club cricket in the town of Gaggu Mandi in eastern Pakistan. Two years later, Irfan made their debut for Pakistan.
Aaqib said Yasir was "raw" at present, and that it would take them another year or so to become ready to play competitive cricket.
"Fast bowling is almost unnatural because you roll your arms and produce speed with an extreme level of muscle coordination," Aaqib said. "So them bowling with their weak arm with the same intensity and speed was something that is unique; I don't think anyone else in the world I know has done this. Like we had found Mohammad Irfan some time ago, now we have found a bigger talent with such an amazing ability.
"We just wanted to encourage this talent and develop him, and get them ready for top-level cricket. I have signed a 10-year contract with them as a part of their grooming and taking care of all finances by Lahore Qalandars, so that they don't have to worry about their future. I hope they work hard and keeps their focus, and we will be able to give a future star to Pakistan in coming years."
Yasir is confident about their future, and is happy to have found a platform. They have not played any competitive cricket so far. "It's a great moment for me that I got such a platform," they said at a conference, before signing their contract. "I have been running a vegetable shop and playing cricket in my spare time. I thank Aaqib bhai for their support, and I promise that I will remain focused and work very hard to make everyone proud. Playing for Pakistan is a dream for every kid playing cricket and I also want to see myself at the top in coming years."
Umar Farooq is ESPNcricinfo's Pakistan correspondent. @kalson
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE on Monday defended their tax proposals, saying they do not plan to raise taxes on the wealthy.
ADVERTISEMENT
"Everybody is getting a tax cut, especially the middle class," Trump said on CNN's "New Day," pushing back on interviewer Chris Cuomo, who noted reports of Trump discussing increased taxes on the rich.
"I said that I may have to increase it on the wealthy. I'm not going to allow it to be increased on the middle class," Trump continued.
"Now, if I increase it on the wealthy, that means they're still going to pay less than they're paying now," they said. "I'm not talking about increasing from this point, I'm talking about increasing from my tax proposals."
Under the candidate's plan, the tax rate for the wealthiest Americans would fall from 39.6 percent to 25 percent.
But Trump indicated in interviews Sunday that taxes on the wealthy would rise after Congress reviews their proposal.
"By the time it gets negotiated, it's going to be a different plan," Trump said on ABC's "This Week."
On NBC's "Meet the Press," discussing negotiations with Congress over their tax proposals, Trump said the rich are "probably going to end up paying more."
Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's campaign slammed Trump's tax proposals on Sunday, saying in a statement that the business person's "proposal to cut trillions in taxes for the top 1 percent would almost certainly come at the expense of working and middle class families."
CHINA'S growth will slow to 6.5 per cent, the World Bank has forecast in its latest quarterly report, 0.2 per cent lower than the January International Monetary Fund forecasts and well below the 8 per cent that Beijing officials say they need to ensure social stability.
Yet despite China being hit hard, the World Bank says the country is holding up better than most other economies because of the huge fiscal stimulus injected early by the Government, a strong banking sector and some growth in domestic demand.
The regular assessment of the Chinese economy finds that its banks have been largely unscathed by the international financial turmoil and that the economy still has plenty of space to implement forceful stimulus measures.
However, as the global crisis has intensified, China's exports have been hit badly, affecting market-based investment and sentiment, notably in the manufacturing sector. It is this that has prompted the World Bank to adjust its projection for China's GDP growth downward. It follows the bank's recent downgrading of projections for global GDP growth.
There is, however, some good news for Australia in the report. The World Bank says China's imports - mainly raw materials which Australia and others supply - were down in February, but not nearly as sharply as they were in January, when there was a precipitous decline.
Yesterday, current T-Mobile customers were shocked to learn that GSM giant AT&T had reached a deal to purchase T-Mobile USA from Deutsche Telekom for $39 billion dollars. The deal could take up to a year to be approved by regulators but AT&T is already preparing those on T-Mobile for the future.
In a statement today, AT&T revealed that if the deal does in fact go through, T-Mobile owners with 3G devices will have to replace them in order to keep their service. The company stated that the reason behind the move was because it would need to ‘rearrange how T-Mobile's cell towers work' and that they would have to be altered in order to pave way AT&T's 4G service which is expected to roll out later this year.
Once AT&T changes the towers, 3G phones with T-Mobile will be without 3G service forcing T-Mobile owners to either pick up a phone with AT&T's 3G frequencies or switch to another national carrier like Sprint or Verizon.
The process won't happen overnight. In fact, AT&T expects the changes to happen gradually over the course of several years with AT&T CEO Ralph de la Vega saying that, in regards to T-Mobile customers, there would be ‘nothing for them to worry about.'
Other details like how they would compensate 3G phone owners on T-Mobile or how soon this would begin after the approval of the acquisition remain unclear.
The capacity of solid state drives (SSDs) has been advancing steadily on traditional spinning hard drives over the last few years, and drive manufacturers haven't been certain how much longer spinning drives could remain in the lead. Western Digital just surprised the storage industry by announcing its upcoming Microwave Assisted Magnetic Recording (MAMR) technology, which could keep the price per gigabyte of spinning drives lower than SSDs for at least the next decade.
The odds are that your laptop (or even your desktop) is running on a SSD rather than a spinning drive. Some systems have a secondary spinning drive for bulk storage because they're cheaper per gigabyte, but spinning drives can't match the speed of an SSD. Even if your local data is on a zippy SSD, whatever you have in the cloud is living on big spinning hard drives. Data centers are constantly after higher capacity drives, and Western Digital thinks MAMR is the way to do it.
In MAMR, the magnetic write head is modified to also carry a tiny spin torque oscillator (STO) that generates microwaves with a frequency of 20-40GHz. This addition doesn't require a complete redesign of the head, though. The microwaves lower the resistance of the underlying recording media, which in turn makes it easier to write bits on the platter. The result is higher density without a complete redesign of the drive's internals.
If MAMR works out, it would most likely replace Heat Assisted Magnetic Recording (HAMR) and the next generation standard. With HAMR, a laser is used to heat the media and make it easier to write. So, the end result is similar to MAMR. However, repeatedly heating the hard drive platter to several hundred degrees would cause a reduction in longevity. The head design would also be completely different than current hard drives, which adds to the manufacturing complications.
MAMR doesn't heat the recording medium at all, and the technology to make it work is invisible to the host machine. Not only would HAMR require completely new manufacturing techniques, but servers would also need new driver software to manage wear leveling caused by the rapid and repeated heating. WD claims that MAMR drives should easily match the lifespan of current drives.
Western Digital is talking about the possibility of 40TB enterprise hard drives using MAMR by 2025, which is a mind-boggling amount of storage. The first hard drives with MAMR technology could hit the market around 2019 or 2020.
: Essays on News Reporting, Propaganda and Popular Culture Paul M. Haridakis , Barbara S. Hugenberg , Stanley T. Wearden McFarland , Jan 10, 2014 - Language Arts & Disciplines - 265 pages 0 Reviews Mass communication is used by governments to support their war efforts while media images are created or manipulated to inform, persuade or guide the consumers of those images. But this book looks beyond the obvious. The contributors examine historical and contemporary examples that reflect the role of the media or mass communication or both during wartime. The essays highlight the centrality of communication to the perpetuation and to the resolution of war, suggesting that the symbiotic relationship between communication and war is as important to understand as war itself. Preview this book »
In the wake of adult film actor Stoya speaking out on Twitter to say that fellow porn star James Deen had raped her, two more adult film stars have the accused so-called “feminist hero” of sexual assault.
Tori Lux and Ashley Fires both say that Deen attacked them. In a statement published Monday by The Daily Beast, Lux wrote that in June 2011, Deen asked them to “sniff their testicles.” When they refused, they say they grabbed their throat, pinned them to a mattress and hit them in the face several times before forcing their face into their groin. They say the incident took place on a “major porn set,” but not while filming.
Fires told the Daily Beast on Monday that they refuse to work with Deen because “he almost raped me.” They say that when they were getting out of the shower at a porn studio (she did not specify what year this occurred), Deen "[came] up from behind me and push[ed] themselves and their erection into my butt." They say they then pushed them against the sink and started grabbing them before eventually listening to their pleas of "no." They also claim that "a year or so later Deen confronted them about the incident and ordered them to 'stop telling people about it.'"
Both allegations come two days after Stoya, who is an actor, writer and Deen's ex-girlfriend, made public allegations against the adult actor.
That thing where you log in to the internet for a second and see people idolizing the guy who raped you as a feminist. That thing sucks. — Stoya (@stoya) November 28, 2015
James Deen held me down and fucked me while I said no, stop, used my safeword. I just can't nod and smile when people bring them up anymore. — Stoya (@stoya) November 28, 2015
The hashtag #SolidarityWithStoya quickly sprung up in support of the star.
Deen responded to Stoya's allegations in a series of tweets Sunday evening, calling them “both false and defamatory.”
There have been some egregious claims made against me on social media — James Deen (@JamesDeen) November 30, 2015
I want to assure my friends, fans and colleagues that these allegations are both false and defamatory — James Deen (@JamesDeen) November 30, 2015
I respect women and I know and respect limits both professionally and privately — James Deen (@JamesDeen) November 30, 2015
Deen did not immediately respond to a request for comment from The Huffington Post about the subsequent accusations from Lux and Fires.
Rape survivors in general have a difficult time getting law enforcement to take them seriously, and it only becomes more difficult when the assailant is an influential man -- like Bill Cosby -- or when the victim is a sex worker.
Lux wrote that they had never reported the incident or spoken up about it previously because they assumed law enforcement would not take them seriously.
“The reason for that is because people -- including the police -- tend to believe that sex workers have placed themselves in harm's way, and therefore can't be assaulted,” they wrote. “Of course, this claim couldn't be further from the truth, as being involved in sex work does not equate to being harmed.”
This post has been updated to clarify the events described in Tori Lux's statement.
Contact the author at Hilary.Hanson@huffingtonpost.com
Are two Motel 6 locations in Phoenix routinely sending in leads to immigration agents when they suspect guests of being undocumented?
While an investigation by the Phoenix New Times was unable to get confirmation from Motel 6 headquarters, employees at the motels in question said that collaboration with Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) is standard practice: "We send a report every morning to ICE—all the names of everybody that comes in," a front-desk clerk told the New Times.
"Every morning at about 5 o'clock, we do the audit and we push a button and it sends it to ICE." What's more, court documents show that "between February and August, ICE agents made at least 20 arrests at Motel 6s, showing up roughly every two weeks" while there was a distinct lack of "records indicating that ICE conducted arrests at other local motels during this same time period."
So ICE teams show up, claiming to be "following a lead" or to have "received information," and then they go right to the doors of people who arouse the suspicions of motel clerks and demand papers. People who can't provide documents are whisked away. Keep in mind that as far as we know clerks have no reason to suspect these people of having committed any crime other than lacking standard American identification docs—they have no way of knowing about outstanding warrants or other possible crimes. All they know is when someone shows a Mexican ID at check in.
Motel 6 has a history of nationwide narc-ery, as documented by the American Civil Liberties Union in a 2015 statement about the chain's habit of collaboration with local police. And the Phoenix locations are corporate-owned, not franchised, which makes it less likely that these are rogue operators.
In 2015, the Supreme Court ruled that hotels do not have to comply with warrantless police requests to hand over guest information, so if Motel 6 is in fact routinely handing over guest information without a warrant, they're not doing so under legal threat of punishment.
In short: If you live in Arizona and you're an undocumented immigrant, better not book a room at a Motel 6.
And personally, I'm with Phoenix-based attorney Robert McWhirter, who told the New Times: "I'll tell you one goddamned thing for sure—I'm not staying at a Motel 6 from now on."
UPDATE: Motel 6 has issued a statement in response to news coverage claiming the problem was local. I remain skeptical, given the chain's history of cooperation with law enforcement:
A week before the cast of “Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice” takes the stage at San Diego Comic-Con, fans can get a closer look at the Warner Bros. film thanks to new photos that debuted in Entertainment Weekly, which reveal Batman (Ben Affleck) and Wonder Woman (Gal Gadot) out of costume as their alter-egos Bruce Wayne and Diana Prince, as well as Jesse Eisenberg's Lex Luthor sporting a ginger mane — a stark contrast to Eisenberg's bald appearance in a previously released image.
Affleck also offered some insight into their version of the Dark Knight, a character that has been through many iterations on the big and small screen over the years, from Adam West to Christian Bale.
“He's at the end of their run and maybe the end of their life. There's this sort of world-weariness to it,” Affleck told EW. “He's on the verge of being swallowed up by the anger and the rage that we see haunt this character in the other manifestations of it. But this guy is further down the line and has become more embittered and cynical.”
Judging by the photo below, Bruce and Diana will share some screen time out of costume. Affleck said of the encounter, “I love the fact that there was this ‘Thomas Crown Affair,' Bond-y sexy scene that they wrote about two people who are pretending to be two different people who each know the secrets of the other person.”
Check out the photos of Affleck, Gadot, Eisenberg, Henry Cavill's Superman, and director Zack Snyder giving Affleck some words of wisdom on set below.
For more on the film, click over to EW.
Images courtesy of Entertainment Weekly/Clay Enos/Warner Bros.
Lewis Hamilton gave the new Mercedes W08 its first exploratory laps at windy Silverstone today, before handing the car over to team newcomer Valtteri Bottas.
The Mercedes is the second car to run on track, after Marcus Ericsson gave the Sauber its first mileage at Barcelona on Wednesday.
“In all honesty, it is so exciting to see this thing come together,” said Hamilton if the new car. “These guys are working in the wind tunnel, then they have this jig which is obviously not the real carbon fibre, faster prototype parts, then you see it all come together, do the seat fit over the winter, and then in last couple of days seeing it bit by bit just appearing out of all the different departments, all finished. Somehow they all just slot in perfectly.”
Hamilton said they already had a positive impression from the bigger tyres.
“Driving today, naturally the car feels wider, which it is obviously, so the front tyres feel huge, there is quite a lot of grip already even in the cold conditions here. This is not a test, the laps I did today were behind a vehicle to get filming in, and then it's really just a shakedown – so you do a couple of slow laps just to see if the car will run.
“So it is not actually a test. I got to go a little bit faster in some places, but it's so gusty here, so it's quite tricky, and it's wet, so I was on slicks on a damp track. The car honestly just feels almost identical to last years car in terms of the ergonomics, the seat position and steering, but then you've got bigger and this more powerful beast around you.”
Hamilton stressed that there's still a lot of work to do.
“Finding the limits of the car is the big question mark, where is the limit of the car where is the limit of tyres? At what point is the car going to roll over tyre and oversteer, understeer, or lock up. So that's what we have to do. You basically have learned to walk as fast as you can before you run, and when we get to Barcelona that's when where that comes into play.
“Then we have to understand how to switch these tyres on, if it's a one lap or two warm-up laps or more, and then how long the tyres last, how you utilise the life of the tyres over a long run, so part through test we will get into race runs, which is gruelling, because you go in, you do your pit stops, and it's practice for everyone. The tyres are bigger and heavier, so the mechanics are going to have to be bulking up a little bit to lift these tyres.”
It was an audacious double operation. Conduct 1000 surgeries on North Korean citizens in an attempt to restore eyesight to the blind, while filming illegally under the watchful eyes of the North Korean minders.
If they had been caught, the best-case scenario would be for members of the humanitarian mission to get kicked out of the Hermit Kingdom. The worst-case scenario was to join American citizen Kenneth Bea and tens of thousands of poor North Koreans in a jail cell or prison camp.
The government shockingly approved the use of a camera crew to capture footage from the eye operations, but almost everything else the crew obtained with their secret cameras was not permitted. Even though I spent ten years as a CIA operative, watching the footage had me on the edge of my seat. I've carried out under-cover operations before, but I would not have the guts to do it in North Korea where no human being has political clout or leverage to rescue you if you get busted. Of all places in the world, North Korea has distinguished itself as the worst, most inhospitable environment for human beings. The level of brainwashing there is hard to comprehend.
Tagging along with world-renowned Nepalese eye surgeon Dr. Sanduk Ruit, journalist Lisa Ling and their camera crew went undercover for National Geographic to seek insight into a place few Westerners have ever laid eyes on. It was a brave operation in which the crew acquired rare footage after their North Korean minders told them to turn the cameras off.
Dr. Ruit and their medical team had to carry in all the supplies needed for the procedures. The hospitals there are bare and lacking in the basics–no antibiotics or other necessities. While showing the special equipment to the attending North Korean physicians, Dr. Ruit made a point of showing them the labels on the special equipment they brought in that indicated the machines were “Made in the USA”. In most places in the world, that would make everyone happy because they know that our equipment is some of the best in the world. But in North Korea, that was pushing the envelope. I cringed. You could feel the tension in that room. I thought the group was going to get kicked out of the country right there and then. But for whatever reason, the minders allowed the filming to continue.
Each and every patient that was permitted to get the cataract surgery was specially chosen by the regime to reward good behavior and loyalty from its top leadership. These people should have never been blind, but the lack of proper nutrition leads to the development of cataracts even amongst young people. It's mind-blowing when you consider the extent to which such poor nutrition has even affected the most privileged families of that closed society.
Dishonoring the Great Leader:
During the filming, one of the photographers laid down on the ground to get a full-length picture of a giant statue of the Kim Il-sung. They thought they were following procedure, which states that only full length pictures of the North Korean dynastic leaders are permitted, cutting of the legs or torso in a photograph is essentially akin to spitting in the Great Leader's face. The angry minders immediately ran after the photographer yelling at them to get off of the ground, saying that they had greatly dishonored the Leader and that they were going home on the next flight. Too many rules—I guess the camera crew had never been told not to lay on the ground. Thankfully, the minder didn't follow through on their threat and the photographer was allowed to stay. This was fortunate because what they caught the next day on film was some the most insightful footage I have ever seen on North Korea (below). Kudos to the team for capturing the tortured psychology of “average” North Koreans in a place that Lisa Ling rightly calls “an intelligence black hole.”
Praises and Prostrations:
Twenty-four hours after the medical procedures to remove the cataracts, the bandages were ready to come off. The doctor and their team were anxious to see the results of their hard work. With the cameras rolling, the patches were taken off the patients, one at a time. It was incredible to witness each and every person realizing they had the miracle of sight once again. Some had been blind for up to 20 years. We sat there anxiously watching the program expecting to see overwhelming gratitude to the doctor and their team for what they had done. Instead, we saw men and women immediately rushing forward to the portraits of the Great Leader mounted on the wall, jumping up and down, putting their hands in the air, crying and saying, “Praise you Great Leader!!!! Praise your name!!!! Thank you Great Leader!!! Praise you! Praise you!” One woman said, “I will work harder for you than ever in the salt mines!!!! Without you I would be nothing!”
They cried out to the image of Kim Jong-un as if they were God Almighty:
They bowed to him, they got down on the ground to prostrate themselves in a way I have only ever seen done in church when we are in deep worship of God. It looked a little like footage of a great revival and some cult of a personality pastor. Each person seemed to try to outdo the patient before them in their effusive praise of the Great Leader. They treated them as if they personally breathed the oxygen into their lungs and kept them alive on this earth. The adoration for the Great Leader reminded me of the New Testament crowds around Jesus thanking Him for healing them. Which is weird when it's not Jesus they're adoring: it's Kim Jong-un. Who wasn't even in the room. Or anywhere near the room. And even weirder, knowing that they are the guy responsible for their calamities: diseases, starvation, and human rights abuses beyond imagination. eewwwww.
I wondered whether it was brainwashing, fear, or a combination of both elements which produced such behavior. I highly recommend that you view National Geographic's incredible footage on this one-of-a-kind foray into creepy North Korea. Kudos to Dr. Ruit, Lisa Ling, both of their crews and National Geographic for making this possible. They successfully executed operations that were both courageous for the crew and life-changing for the patients. Here's to praying that some day these people can tell Dr. Ruit how much they appreciate their efforts instead of worrying about how hard they will have to work in the salt mine to make up for the great favor from the not-so-great leader, who thinks he's God.
“Inside North Korea” is available on Apple iTunes TV, National Geographic, Amazon, as well as YouTube.
Available on Amazon: National Geographic – Inside North Korea
Serum phosphate concentrations reflect the dynamic balance between dietary phosphorus absorption, urinary phosphorus excretion, and internal exchange with the bone, soft tissue, and intracellular stores [33]. In MHD patients—who possess severely limited urinary phosphorus excretion and still-efficient gut phosphorus absorption—dietary absorption is a critical determinant of serum phosphate concentration. The importance of dietary phosphate intake is further boosted by the widespread use of activated vitamin D analogs, which increase gut absorption of phosphorus [34], and by the relatively poor phosphate clearance provided by standard hemodialysis three times per week. Preventing gut absorption of dietary phosphorus either by restricting intake or prescribing oral phosphorus binders is currently the cornerstone of managing hyperphosphatemia in MHD patients.
Compared to phosphate binders, dietary phosphorus restriction is underutilized in MHD patients. This is likely due to fear of exacerbating protein energy wasting (PEW), the assumption that patients will be poorly compliant with yet another layer of dietary restriction in addition to those already in place (e.g., for fluid, salt) and the logistical challenges of continuous dietary counseling. In support of these concerns, some previous reports suggest that hemodialysis patients are less likely to adhere to a phosphate dietary restriction than to potassium, sodium, or fluid restriction [14, 35].
36 38 2 3 39 40 41 3 No. Questions 1 Do you pay attention to your intake of phosphorus? 2 Approximately how many times do you eat fish or meat in a week? 3 What kinds of dairy products do you eat? (e.g., yogurt, cheese, milk, etc.?) How many times in a week? 4 Approximately how many times a week do you eat processed foods? (e.g., ham, sausages, chikuwa etc.) 5 Do you go to restaurants, eat bento boxes, or instant meals? If you answered yes, how many times? (everyday/once a every few days/once a week/once a month/twice a month) 6 Who cooks at home? (you/partner/your child/your parents/others) 7 Do you pay attention to what's in your food? (e.g., Intake salt, use scale, restrict water, no attention, other) 8 Are you prescribed phosphate binders? If you answer yes, tell me their names. 9 If you take Fosrenol, tell me how do you take it? (crushed/ uncrushed) 10 Do you sometimes forget to take phosphate binders? 11 If you do forget to to take it, what do you then do? (e.g., nothing/take next meal time/when you remember/or other) 12 Do you take phosphate binders on an empty stomach? 13 Do you take laxatives? If you answer yes, how many, what kind? When do you take them? (the morning before HD/ Before sleeping/a non-dialysis morning) How many times do you defecate? 14 Do you know your blood level of phosphate? 15 Do you check your blood data? (Regularly/Sometimes/Never) If you do check, what do you see? (Phosphorus/potassium/neutral fat/bloodless data/blood sugar/others) 16 If you are told that your phosphorus levels are high, do you do something to combat it?(meals/take phosphate binders regularly/Do nothing/ Have never been told its high) 17 After paying attention to high phosphorus levels and trying to combat it, have your phosphorus levels declined? No. Questions Yes No 1 To prevent hyperphosphatemia, you should control your intake of phosphorus. 2 A hypophosphate meal is defined as a dish that has phosphate intake of less than 1,000 mg. 3 A hypophosphate meal is defined as a dish that has high energy and is high in protein. 4 The optimal amount of protein is 50g for women, 60 g for men. 5 There is a lot of phosphorus in protein. 6 40% of phosphate that is contained in a meal is absorbed from the intestine. 7 A calcium-rich meal contains lots of phosphate. 8 Dairy products contain a low level of phosphate. 9 Rice contains more phosphate than bread. 10 Take outs and ready made meals contain a high level of phosphate. 11 Phosphate binders bind phosphate in your stomach and prevent its absorption into your body. 12 Phosphate binders are effective even when you take them long after eating a meal. 13 It is most effective to take medicines that decrease phosphate just before or after meals. 14 If you forget to take the phosphate binders after meal, you should take twice as many of them after your next meal. 15 One of the side effects of phosphate binders is constipation. 16 One of the side effects of phosphate binders id diarrhea 17 Medicine taken before meals should be done 10 min before. 18 Medicine taken just after meals should be taken just after meals. 19 Medicines taken just before and after meals such as phosphate binders can be done during meals. 20 You should not take phosphate binders if you have eaten little. 21 Hyperphosphatemia is defined as over 4 g/dl of serum phosphate level, 22 Hyperphosphatemia is defined as over 5 g/dl of serum phosphate level, 23 Hyperphosphatemia is defined as over 6 g/dl of serum phosphate level, 24 Hyperphosphatemia has a bad effect on the heart. 25 Hyperphosphatemia has a bad effect on muscle tissue. 26 Hyperphosphatemia occurs due to deposits of phosphate and potassium 27 Hyperphosphatemia occurs due to a lack of vitamin C. 28 Supplementation with calcium is effective for the treatment of hyperphosphatemia. 29 Phosphate is excreted. 30 You can only remove phosphate by dialysis To help a patient successfully follow phosphate dietary restrictions, dietitians must listen attentively to patients' concerns and actively identify issues to be solved in order to adequately manage serum phosphorus concentrations. Individual counseling, based on learning needs and preferences, is offered by dietitians to MHD patients with hyperphosphatemia []. This counseling includes advice on avoiding phosphate-rich foods and phosphate additives as shown in Tablesand. The dietary modification can be achieved through ongoing education from dietitians and other medical team members and through support from family and friends []. Towards this end, the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics in the USA proposed the Nutrition Care Process (NCP). This systematic approach provides high-quality nutrition care through the following four steps: (1) nutrition assessment and reassessment, (2) nutrition diagnosis, (3) nutrition intervention, and (4) nutrition monitoring and evaluation []; Fig.
A number of large studies have examined the association between educational attainment and outcomes in patients with kidney disease. In an analysis of 61,457 participants in the Kidney Early Evaluation Program, lower educational attainment was independently associated with reduced kidney function and increased mortality [42]. Several interrelated pathways have been proposed to explain the relationship between educational attainment and health including (a) health knowledge and behaviors, (b) employment and income [43], and (c) social and psychological factors. In particular, education contributes to health by improving health knowledge, affording adequate health literacy, and improving coping and problem-solving skills [44, 45]. These advantages allow patients to make better decisions about their health, engage in healthy behaviors, and self-manage their medical conditions [46].
47 2 3 4 4 5 6 P (mg/100g) Protein (g/100g) P to P ratio (mg/g) Daily use (g) P in daily use (mg) A: Plain yogurt and milk Plain yogurt 100 3.6 27.8 80 80 Milk 93 3.3 28.2 210 195 B: Processed cheese and natural cheese Processed cheese 730 22.7 32.2 20 146 Natural Cheese Cheddar 500 25.7 19.5 20 100 Camembert 330 19.1 17.3 20 66 Cottage 130 13.3 9.8 20 26 Successful control of diet is often challenging, and the availability of a variety of educational resources is very beneficial when working with patients and their families []. In an ideal situation, patients are allowed to learn at their own speed. Many medical teams have developed an array of educational tools that include written, visual, or auditory programs to instruct patients on how to effectively modify their diets. Dietitians in our hospital also evaluate and educate MHD patients using original question sheets and tools (Additional file 1; Tables, and; Figs., and). Many patients have noted that altering diet behavior is one of the hardest challenges in adjusting to dialysis. A recent survey of nutrition trends in CKD patients showed that the greatest perceived obstacles to positive dietary change included the fear of giving up favorite foods, confusion regarding dietary recommendations, and false beliefs regarding the length of time required to prepare healthy foods.
In addition to education, assessing patients' knowledge is an important factor in estimating patient compliance to the renal diet [46, 47]. Dietitians initiate the processes of assessment and education in order to (1) establish communication with patients and their families, (2) provide information to address any underlying nutritional issues, and (3) calm the fears that many patients have regarding the implementation of the many changes required in their lives [48]. In support of this approach, Reddy et al. [41] found that an education program significantly improved patients' general knowledge of phosphorus and phosphate binders and was associated with a significant reduction in serum phosphate in patients with hyperphosphatemia.
“RGIII jerseys paraded around streets of Dubrovnik.”
“Hundreds saved as RGIII jerseys dam flooding river.”
“RGIII jerseys achieve Peace in Our Time.”
I expect I'll use all these headlines eventually. But for now, I'll stick with “Martin O'Malley presents RGIII jersey to Knesset member,” seeing as how that's a real thing that actually happened over the weekend.
“Do we have a gift or something?” O'Malley asks in this video, posted by Dov Lipman, a Silver Spring native, Orthodox rabbi and member of Israel's parliament. (O'Malley is currently on a trade mission to Israel and Jordan.)
“We wanted to make them feel at home,” a voice from off-camera says.
“Oh my,” Lipman says, as an RGIII jersey is procured. “You just touched me on the deepest of levels.”
“So here we go,” O'Malley tells the media crowd. “Rabbi, this is from your home place. This is who everybody roots for in Silver Spring, Maryland. And this year, everybody was fired up by RGIII.”
“So I just want to tell you, Governor, that I was at the National Prayer Breakfast last year,” Lipman says. “And RGIII was the guest speaker. And before I even saw them play, before I knew he'd be a Redskin, they talked about God, and about prayer. And we talked afterwards for a while, and we have a relationship. And I looked all around Israel for a jersey of his.”
“There you go,” O'Malley says. “Mazel Tov.”
“Thank you so much,” Lipman says, later explaining that their 16-year old son “can't get enough of RGIII.”
The episode, of course, ended with a photo of an RGIII jersey in the Jerusalem Post. A publication that never, to my knowledge, has featured the jersey of John Beck.
(Via @krantz8)
0 of 32
Chris Graythen/Getty Images
This offseason in the NFL there were a dozen changes at offensive coordinator. That's just over one-third of the league making a change on a vital part of its coaching staff.
So what can we expect from not only those 12 teams but the other 20 clubs as well when it comes to moving the football, finding the end zone and putting points on the board in 2014?
The search is over.
With the regular season kicking off in three weeks, we are taking time to power rank the NFL's 32 offensive units.
Remember, these rankings don't necessarily reflect point totals of the upcoming season. There's certainly more than one way to light up the scoreboard in the NFL.
For instance, when it comes to the passing attack, we have seen record numbers the last two seasons when it comes to interception returns for touchdowns. And let's not forget the impact special teams have on the game. For instance, it's worth noting that in each of the last two Super Bowls, the eventual winning team returned the opening second-half kickoff for a score.
Each team's offseason arrivals and departures, the impact of the 2014 draft class, and factors such as red-zone efficiency, sacks allowed, turnovers and yards gained all add up to us forecasting the worst to the best when it comes to NFL offenses in 2014.
This week marks two years since I joined a ragtag crew of outraged young Americans in the streets of lower Manhattan.
We had exhausted the list of available political remedies as we watched our stalemated Congress spiral into deeper indecision. We refused to be silent in the face of a teetering economy and captured political system. We occupied Wall Street, and were soon joined in solidarity by thousands across the country and around the world.
We are the 99%!
That became the clarion call of a new generation of students and workers, young and old. We stood firm and we opened our arms to all who would dare enter into a new opening of political possibilities. Together, we rose up to confront immense corporate power.
Then, we fell.
Our fall was excruciatingly painful, co-ordinated by city mayors, police departments and counterterrorism forces across the country. They broke laws meant to protect basic civil liberties and political expression. The entire apparatus of the surveillance state, as revealed by whistleblowers like Julian Assange and Edward Snowden, was employed against its own citizens by a fearful government.
Moreover, the poor and homeless, whether protesters or not, were further criminalized as a result of our eviction. Thousands were arrested and charged with minor offenses that were later discarded. Hundreds more wait for their day in court in myriad lawsuits.
Justice was not served to Occupy Wall Street. It was rammed down our throats. The state's startling show of force played out in real time through livestream channels on the monitors of concerned parents and friends. A defiant Captain Ray Lewis, retired head of the Philadelphia police department, took an arrest while exhorting officers not to be mercenaries for Wall Street. The world watched in horror as three young women were enclosed in police nets and then pepper-sprayed. Across the country, similar scenes of police violence – far from unusual in low-income neighborhoods but suddenly mainstreamed – transformed the national psyche.
The crackdown on Occupy began a diaspora that continues to this day: protesters returned to their community deeply affected by the experience. Those who once shared food in the OWS kitchen now feed the hungry of the 99% in their hometowns. When Hurricane Sandy hit New York City in October 2012, Occupy Sandy organized 70,000 volunteers to provide critical aid to survivors, leading the New York Times to note that Occupy is "capable of summoning an army with the posting of a tweet".
A new generation of game-changers has found its calling, and isn't waiting for the political establishment to give them the go-ahead to take initiative.
In our short lifetime, we've already changed the national conversation from debt and budget cuts to income inequality and corruption. And it's had a real effect. Richmond California Mayor Gayle McLaughlin, who marched with Occupy, now leads an initiative to force intransigent banks to negotiate with underwater homeowners through eminent domain. Recently-elected Senator Elizabeth Warren, who supports Occupy and once proclaimed "the people on Wall Street broke this country", now sits on the powerful Senate banking committee. In New York City, birthplace of the movement, elected officials and candidates who support Occupy values are surging in the polls, like Democratic mayoral frontrunner Bill de Blasio. (De Blasio recently stated in an interview that they wouldn't have shut down Occupy Wall Street.)
A broad coalition. Photograph: Giles N Clarke
But changing the conversation is just part of the story. When politicians fail to protect the needy from predatory lending, we buy up distressed debt and cancel it. When banks threaten "underwater" homeowners with eviction, we occupy their homes, ratcheting up pressure on the banks to renegotiate. When local agricultural jobs are threatened by agribusiness behemoths that inject GMOs into our crops, we join with innovative groups like the Coalition of Immokalee Farmworkers, occupying farms and demanding fair pay and safe food.
And we're not just protesting. We're also building new economic models. The Occupy Money Co-operative is just one example. Formed by Occupy's Alternative Banking Group, it will provide low-cost financial services that return profits to communities rather than Wall Street, thereby shifting the balance of power from bankers to depositors.
Will Occupy return to stake out a new protest campground this year? I don't know. In any struggle, tactics shift as we learn from experience and experiment with new ways of growing grassroots power. Ours is still a project in its infancy, forever evolving, building upon the successes of the civil rights and antiwar movements, the anti-globalization and women's rights struggles, among many other calls for social and economic justice.
Sure, we face an uncertain future, but we embrace the chaos that defines our time. Because there is no alternative but to challenge the status quo of ever-increasing debt, shrinking job opportunities and disappearing civil rights.
Two years ago, in scores of encampments across America, a new generation found its calling. We will continue to move forward peacefully and deliberately in order to take back our county, our future and our dreams.
SuperData begins coverage of digital console market with top 10 rankings
With total worldwide earnings of $49 billion, the digital games market now constitutes the majority of revenues in interactive entertainment. As consumer spending continues to shift away from retail, the landscape of top performing games is shifting with it. For this reason, we have begun coverage of the digital console market.
Following the holiday season, it is the big triple A franchise that top this month's leaderboard, with Grand Theft Auto V earning $32 million in digital console revenues and Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare in second place with $24 million. Big surprises this month were Warner Bros' Dying Light and CapCom's Resident Evil HD Remaster, earning $12 million and $11 million, respectively.
Where's FIFA 15?!
Good eye! We compiled this initial top 10 list by full game downloads in the United States, which is a starting point for several of our clients' analyses. The table above then shows you the worldwide revenues for those titles, including both full game downloads and additional content. For that reason, FIFA 15 is not part of it; since it sold its full game predominantly via retail and its additional content revenue was not taken into consideration when compiling the US list. Worldwide, FIFA 15 earned $28.3 million in digital revenues in January, 93% of which was microtransaction-based.
Almost half of the revenue for the top digital games came from the PS4
As expected, the greatest source of revenue for these games came from the PlayStation 4, with 43% of revenues. The PlayStation console family (PS3 and PS4) took 63% of the pie overall. Similarly, new generation consoles grossed 70% more than their predecessors, indicating the shift to digital in the new console cycle.
US accounts for half the revenue of top 10 digital console games
The US remains a particularly important market for the console platform, as entries even into large gaming markets like China have had little impact on the distribution of console game sales. New generation games like Dying Light had 81% of its digital sales coming from America.
President Trump's militaristic approach to foreign policy has been a welcome break from their isolationist campaign talk: their apparent realization that Syria must be confronted over its use of chemical weapons, that North Korea must be stopped in its tracks before developing the capacity to strike the United States – all of it was a shift in the right direction.
Then, this week, President Trump has backtracked.
On Tuesday, Trump's State Department announced that Iran had been holding by its commitments under President Obama's despicable nuclear deal with the terrorist regime. According to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson:
The U.S. Department of State certified to U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan today that Iran is compliant through April 18th with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action however, the Secretary also raised concerns about Iran's role as a state sponsor of terrorism and alerted Congress to an effort directed by the President to evaluate whether continuing to lift sanctions would be in U.S. national security interests.
This effectively kicks the can down the road. But Iran has been increasing its funding for terrorism, testing ballistic missiles, and yes, violating the nuclear deal from nearly the outset. Why is the Trump administration complying with the foolishness of delaying action against the Iranian regime? Perhaps because there remains a serious split in thinking from the Trump administration regarding the role of Iran in the Middle East. Is Iran a nefarious force that requires confronting from the United States? Or is Iran just another player in a chaotic region we would be best off ignoring? That remains an open question, obviously, for the Trump State Department.
Meanwhile, after Turkish would-be dictator Recep Tayyip Erdoğan narrowly rammed through a referendum essentially destroying Turkey's century-long experiment in secular Islamic democracy, the Trump administration called to congratulate him. Before the vote, Erdoğan's government cracked down on the opposition, particularly in the media. According to Erdoğan, Trump personally called them to congratulate them on the referendum victory.
What is Trump thinking? Erdoğan is an Islamist through and through, a radical sponsor of an anti-Western worldview who seeks to break the European Union from within. But perhaps Trump thinks that he's better off flattering Erdoğan in the vain hope that Erdoğan will do more to fight ISIS. If so, he's betting on Iran the same way he's betting on Turkey, to the detriment of both countries and global security.
But Trump's bad foreign policy week didn't end there.
Reiterating that they are not a fan of the North Atlantic Treat Organization (NATO), despite their recent claims to the contrary, Trump stated in Wisconsin on Tuesday that Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ought to pressure NATO again to spend more money. Trump bragged, “Paul, you're over with NATO, get them to pay their bills.” This is the sort of diplomacy best left to closed-door negotiations, but Trump puts that out there at the same time that Turkey is undermining NATO from within and Vladimir Putin is undermining NATO from without.
All of this speaks to the radical disconnect in Trump's thinking on foreign policy. It underscores that Trump's shift has not been one of worldview, but one of convenience – at least for now. We can hope that Trump's recent actions demonstrate a new understanding of America's need for a muscular role in global politics, but he's still pandering to the isolationist base that brung him.
Sometimes, when you're on set, you come across the strangest sights. Like today, for instance, when I happen across Executive Producer Vanessa Piazza in the midst of their workout. Them killer regimen involves cardio, eating right, and heavy HEAVY weights. Check them out…
Then they conclude their routine by tossing anvils at parked cars.
Well, look who swung by the office today…in the mistaken assumption that they had prep meetings today on Episode 206. That's right! It's everyone's favorite rebel cowboy director Bruce McDonald.
Hey, who's up for a little getaway?
In the news that will no doubt make your day, I wrote the final scene of act today, meaning I have only one more scene to write for the tag at which I'll have one rough first draft script!
After watching the first three cuts of the year, I have to say you're all in for one helluva kick-ass season 2.
Today's blog entry is dedicated to Dark Matter on-set supervisor and birthday gal Jozie Conte!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
23.01.2014
Three weeks ago on the 23rd of December 2013, a story was published in the Wall Street Journal (WSJ) regarding a vulnerability we uncovered on Samsung KNOX devices. We'll begin with a little background about the vulnerability. We found that a malicious app (without ROOT) running in the non-secure area of a KNOX based device (for example, Samsung S4) can affect the network configuration (important settings) of the secure container. Such vulnerability can help an attacker intercept and potentially block and alter data communication originating from the secure area. The vulnerability is available in the wild on Android 4.3, and we made an assessment that this puts users with Samsung devices (with KNOX) who use their phone for secure and private matters at serious and immediate risk. To make a long story short, eventually Samsung (in collaboration with Google) published a response in which they dismissed our finding.
What Happened after the Response from Samsung:
We carefully contemplated the actions to take following Samsung's public response. We envisioned the vulnerability going into “limbo” – on one hand, we believe that the vulnerability possesses great risk to Samsung KNOX users, and more broadly to Android users in general, yet on the other hand, the owners of the software (Google and Samsung) have publicly dismissed it. We had the opportunity to disclose it with full code details and videos just to prove our argument, but that would only put innocent users at risk, since the published code could fall into the wrong hands and be used for malicious purposes. However, users' safety is a number one priority for us – much higher than our professional egos, so we decided on other actions. In this post we provide full disclosure about our actions, as well as our professional response to other things that happened on the way.
Disclosure Log:
23 Dec 2013 – Public and non-detailed disclosure of the issue was reported in the WSJ together with our official statement.
25 Dec 2013 – We received an email from Samsung following the WSJ news report requesting more information. We immediately sent them an encrypted package which included the vulnerability details and received confirmation that they received the package. We also assisted them multiple times during their investigation of the matter.
9 Jan 2014 – Samsung released a public response, together with Google, in which they denied that it is a bug or flaw in Samsung KNOX or Android. In the same report Samsung acknowledged that it is a MitM attack and suggested, among other recommendations, to use Android VPN as a countermeasure for such attacks.
14 Jan 2014 – We sent an encrypted package with the vulnerability details to the Google security team and received confirmation that they received the package.
17 Jan 2014 – We received an email update from the Google security team that the matter was still under investigation.
17 Jan 2014 – We published our second vulnerability report – the VPN bypass.
Questions and Answers:
Q: Why did we point the finger at Samsung from the beginning? Isn't it an Android issue?
A: We decided initially to disclose the vulnerability to Samsung, because we assessed that the KNOX scenario posed the highest immediate risk. Specifically, the use case consisting of interfering with, or eavesdropping on, secure communications taking place on a secure phone is of the highest risk. The vulnerability does pose a risk for any Android user (where the vulnerability exists); however the risk is more serious on devices which are perceived as secure by their users and are therefore used for private and sensitive communications. We believe that users perceive Samsung KNOX based devices as secure phones.
Q: So is there a bug to be fixed or not?
A: The main message coming from Samsung's public response was: “This research did not identify a flaw or bug in Samsung KNOX or Android.” This meant for us (and the media and public following the story) that the issue is a non-issue and as such it does not merit even a software fix. However, as you can see from the disclosure log, we are now still waiting for Google's official response. Currently the vulnerability is still under investigation, so perhaps it is a bug after all. We certainly believe so and hope for a fix. We will, of course, update Google's responses here in the blog. Furthermore, within the same response the next line appears: “… it demonstrated a classic Man in the Middle (MitM) attack, which is possible at any point on the network to see unencrypted application data. The research specifically showed this is also possible via a user-installed program…” This leaves us a bit confused – So now it does pose a risk for attack which can take place on the phone? But still it's not a bug or flaw? One technical note, regarding the term MitM – we think that it is a term that logically can describe the nature of the attack but using it in this context, in which it runs on a phone serves to minimize the perceived level of risk posed – read more here.
Q: But it says in the response that it uses legitimate Android functions?
A: We were also a bit surprised by the following choice of words in their response: “… the exploit uses legitimate Android network functions in an unintended way to intercept …” As far as we know, attackers love the unintended way.
Q: Did we configure the test devices properly?
A: In Samsung's response the word configuration appears multiple times, such as in the sentence “Proper configuration of mechanisms available within KNOX appears to be able to address the previously published issue.” where it implies that our test devices were either not configured properly or even worse, were configured intentionally wrong to enable the vulnerability. This is, of course, completely unfounded; we used multiple S4 devices, straight out of the box, like any other user of such a device. We wonder how many Samsung KNOX device users, pleased with their phone's built-in security capabilities, know what extra configuration is needed in order to be totally secure.
The response included also this statement: “Android development practices encourage that this be done by each application using SSL/TLS. Where that's not possible (for example, to support standards-based unencrypted protocols, such as HTTP), Android provides built-in VPN and support for third-party VPN solutions to protect data. Use of either of those standard security technologies would have prevented an attack based on a user-installed local application.” Regarding SSL/TLS, it is up to the service provider you are communicating with (it may be enabled or not) and not up to you, and if SSL/TLS is not available, the vulnerability can intercept everything in clear text. Regarding the VPN as a countermeasure, below you will see that even if a user goes the extra mile and buys a VPN service and configures it properly, the risk remains.
Q: Is this vulnerability related to the VPN bypass you have uncovered?
A: Yes. The hole (vulnerability) is the same, while the attack target is different, and I will explain: Vulnerabilities usually present a weakness in a built-in mechanism which provides a “hole” for an attacker to get into and do certain things. Some vulnerabilities expose the whole operating system, and once an attacker is inside, everything is possible. Other vulnerabilities provide access but limit your ability and only enable you to do specific things. In the first finding we reported to Samsung the vulnerability details and an example exploit where an attacker can intercept, block, and alter data communications (non SSL/TLS and non VPN). We also stressed the point that other kind of attacks can take place via the same vulnerability. In our continued investigation of the vulnerability we found that an attacker can, in fact, do much more harm. This finding revealed that an attacker can bypass the VPN (even if configured properly) and again, the secure communications can be intercepted in clear text. Clear text refers to no encryption. We reported the second exploit several days ago here.
Q: What is the impact of your new finding on the risk level posed by the vulnerability?
A: Because the vulnerability impacts every Android user which uses VPN for private and sensitive matters, it poses a much greater risk than previously believed. With regard to Samsung KNOX, it means that the recommendation to use the VPN as described in Samsung's response can be problematic.
Q: So what's next?
A: We now wait patiently for Google to report on their investigation, and we sincerely hope that a fix will be applied to cover the hole. As for us, we are actively working on mobile security, and every new interesting finding will be reported here. We are also investigating whether the vulnerability exists on KitKat, Android 4.4.
Technical Notes Regarding the Vulnerability:
1. We tested the vulnerability on multiple Samsung S4 devices and other Android devices from different vendors. We did not test the vulnerability on Samsung S4 devices configured to work in an enterprise as we don't own such as well as due to the fact an enteprise setup depends also on specific 3rd party MDM integrated.
2. We tested the vulnerability on Wi-Fi connections alone.
3. The vulnerability was demonstrated on Android 4.3. Existence of the vulnerability on KitKat 4.4 is still under investigation.
On a personal note, we are security researchers, and vulnerabilities, and mobile security in general, are not pure mathematics, which means we may be wrong here and there. Being wrong (and humble) is ok as long as we are responsible enough to tell the truth as soon as possible. All of our efforts are meant to advance the topic of cybersecurity, as well as to increase the safety of users and organizations and being open is the only way to go.
And to all software vendors out there – security researchers around the world work hard to improve security and, by the way, to improve your products – for free. So please do not “shoot the messenger.” If there is an issue, a quick fix and public explanation will be much more appreciated by your partners and customers, and also by us.
Cybersecurity Labs Team – Follow us via @cyberlabsbgu
The Eeyore's Requiem Cocktail features an impressive lineup of ingredients. But in the end this is a Negroni variation where the gin is less dominant, and where rather cynar and fernet branca play the lead role.
We added an orange zest twist in the finalized cocktail, making it look even more fancy, and obviously adding a nice citrus aroma. The cocktail tasted delicious and it was well worth the time picking out all those bottles from our cabinets!
The recipe is from Brad Thomas Parsons's book Amaro and we do recommend trying the Eeyore's Requiem Cocktail. The cocktail calls for orange bitters, and we did 50/50 of angostura orange bitters and regans' orange bitters, just to add another bottle =)
What's in it
1,5 oz campari
1 oz dry vermouth
0,5 oz gin
0,25 oz cynar
0,25 oz fernet branca
2 dashes of orange bitters
Stirred, not shaken
Say hello to Ubuntu Unity with its built-in cloud.
I use the Linux desktop at work, but I'm in a tiny minority. Most people use Windows. Canonical, Ubuntu Linux's parent company, plans on getting at least some Windows users to switch though with its next long term support (LTS) release.
Canonical has announced that it would be extending the support and maintenance period for the April 2012 LTS Ubuntu Linux release for desktop users from three years to five years. The move comes in response to what the company claims is "increasing demand for Ubuntu desktops in corporate environments where longer maintenance periods are the norm. It brings the desktop product into line with Ubuntu Server which continues with five years of support for LTS releases."
In a blog posting, Ubuntu's founder, Mark Shuttleworth, expanded on this. "We need to do justice to the fact that 12.04 LTS will be the preferred desktop for many of the world's biggest Linux desktop deployments, in some cases exceeding half a million desktops in a single institution. So 12.04 is also an opportunity to ensure that our desktop is manageable at scale, that it can be locked down in the ways institutions need, and that it can be upgraded from 10.04 LTS smoothly as promised. Support for multiple monitors will improve, since that's a common workplace requirement."
That desktop, by the by, is going to stay Unity. There will be no return to a GNOME 2.x style desktop, never mind GNOME 3.x. According to Shuttleworth, "The nail-biting transitions to Unity and Gnome 3 are behind us, so this cycle is an opportunity to put perfection front and center. … That's an opportunity to work through the whole desktop interface and make sure we're using exactly the right weight in each place, bringing the work we've been doing for several cycles fully into focus."
Welcome to Ubuntu 11.10: Oneiric Ocelot (Photo Gallery)
Shuttleworth expects that there will be a lot of fit and polish work to come before Ubuntu 12.04 LTS is ready to deploy on the corporate desktop. They continued, During UDS [Ubuntu Developer Summit] we'll build out the list of areas for refinement, polish and 'precisioneering [sic]', but the theme for all of this work is one of continuous improvement; no new major infrastructure, no work on pieces which are not design-complete at the conclusion of the summit.
When Shuttleworth says no big changes, they mean it. "While there are some remaining areas we'd like to tweak the user experience, they will probably be put on hold so we can focus on polish, performance and predictability," said Shuttleworth. "I'd like to improve the user experience around Workspaces for power users, and we'll publish our design work for that, but I think it would be wisest for us to defer that unless we get an early and effective contribution of that code." In short, the Unity interface you see today is pretty much the Unity you'll see in April 2012.
Canonical wants to make darn sure that the desktop is mature and ready to go because according to their own research, "LTS releases have become particularly popular with Ubuntu business users. Canonical's own survey data shows over 70% of server users are deployed on LTS versions of the product. Bringing this extended support to the desktop is a response to similar popularity in businesses of the desktop LTS releases."
Ubuntu's Long Term Support Plans
What does LTS mean for business users? According to the company, "The first two years of the LTS period will benefit businesses by including hardware updates (through regular point releases) allowing them to keep up to date with the latest hardware upgrades. Maintenance updates will continue for a further three years. Businesses can now rely on always running an LTS version regardless of their hardware refresh rate."
In addition, "PC manufacturers can now standardize their business-focused range of PCs on an LTS release with a five year support period. This is a more compelling proposition to bring to their customer base especially aligned with the Ubuntu Advantage support programs from Canonical which will fully support the new LTS period."
Can they do it? It's possible. I've looked at Windows 8 and I sure don't see anything about Metro, its new interface, that business users are going to want.
In addition, Ubuntu already has baked-in cloud-computing. While no one has announced an Ubuntu Unity tablet, I keep looking at Unity and I keep seeing a tablet interface. In short, Ubuntu's already a post-PC desktop, and that will be no small advantage in the twenty-teens.
In the past, users stuck with XP rather than upgrade to Vista. Indeed, it's only been in the last few weeks that more people have finally moved from XP to Windows 7. I expect most users to stick with Windows XP or 7 in the next three to five years, but as the desktop wanes and more and more of us use smartphones and tablets for our business computing, there just might be room for a well-supported desktop Linux to gain a niche to call its own.
Want to know more about why you might want to use Ubuntu for your business desktop? Check out Canonical's business desktop site.
Related Stories:
Ubuntu Linux 11.10: Unity comes of age (Review)
Ubuntu Linux heads to the clouds
Gallery: Installing the latest Ubuntu Linux: Ubuntu 11.10
The Linux desktop is dead. Long live the Linux desktop.
What's coming in Ubuntu's new Unity Linux desktop
A woman who had faced arraignment in the deaths of two Boston pedestrians has been released without charges as prosecutors say they are doing more investigation.
Jake Wark, spokesperson for the Suffolk district attorney, said Tuesday that 26-year-old Ghuzlan Alghazali was released without charges and no complaint was issued against them They had been scheduled for arraignment on charges including motor vehicle homicide and unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle.
Twenty-eight-year-old John Lanzillotti and 27-year-old Jessica Campbell died Saturday night after police said they were struck by a car that had crashed with another vehicle.
Prosecutors said they are trying to determine who was driving and need to do "further canvassing and evidentiary analysis."
Alghazali's lawyer, John Seed, says their client is "grief stricken" over the loss of lives, but that there are "conflicting reports" about what happened.
Governor Brown's signature on legislation increasing the filing fee for citizens who file ballot initiatives from $200 to $2,000 is the modern equivalent of the famous salvo attributed to Marie Antoinette upon hearing of a famine among the French peasants, "Let Them Eat Cake."
If citizens are starved for better democracy, let them pay 2K.
After a year in which FBI corruption scandals removed three state senators from office, and voters came out in smaller numbers than ever before for a California election, what's the response from Sacramento? Make it harder for citizens to use the process of direct democracy.
As my Capitol Watchdog colleague Carmen Balber wrote, "Even as the Secretary of State and legislative leaders are championing legislation to make it easier for Californians to register and turn out to vote (for them), lawmakers don't seem to want Californians to be able to vote on ideas of their own." They called AB 1100, signed by the governor yesterday without any comment, "a $2,000 initiative poll tax."
Only four other states, of the 26 with initiatives, require a filing fee at all: Mississippi $500, Alaska $100, Ohio $25, and Washington $5. Now California's outdone Mississippi in creating barriers for citizens who have initiatives they want voters to take on.
The cause celeb of AB 1100's backers was an atrocious and unconstitutional ballot initiative that called for killing gays. California's Attorney General obtained a court ruling that they could disregard the filing, but those with their eye on limiting citizen access to decision making had a flag to fly in Sacramento.
Backers of the new ballot initiative fee argue that anyone who can collect 800,000 signatures, which almost always are paid for with at least $1 million, can come up with 2 grand. Of course everyone in Sacramento got there by being able to raise tens of thousands of dollars, so why not make up the ante for those who want to play in the initiative process?
With digital democracy and social media on the rise, as well as electronic voting and signature gathering on the horizon, its very conceivable that students angry over escalating tuition, or some other penniless disenfranchised dreamers, could collect signatures for a revolutionary idea for virtually nothing. Now they have a $2,000 ballot entrance fee pay that would almost certainly be a serious hurdle.
Shame on the sanctimonious legislature and Governor for dismissing the dreamers and political outsiders who could teach them a thing or two about democracy if they had a couple of hundred bucks and a great viral idea.
This arrogance and indifference to public opinion is why we launched Capitol Watchdog recently to pull the curtain back on elitism and cronyism in Sacramento.
Hiram Johnson, the great populist California governor who gave citizens the initiative process to battle the railroad baron's control over Sacramento, would be ashamed at the signing of AB 1100.
Our new curator of early modern books and prints, Caroline Duroselle-Melish, and I were up in the conservation lab a few days ago, consulting with book conservator Adrienne Bell on the optimal opening for safely digitizing a quarto edition of Henry VI, Part 3 (STC 21006a copy 1) in preparation for our “Wonder of Will” commemoration activities next year at the Folger. While inspecting the book, we noticed that the title leaf and last leaf were much thicker than the other leaves, and entirely blank on their versos. That seemed strange, so we looked at the title page through transmitted daylight to investigate further. This is what we saw (click to enlarge the images in this post):
Yes, smiley faces! Or rather, surprised faces and skeptical suns with very expressive eyebrows. The suns immediately bring to mind one of Edward's lines from early in the play: “Dazzle mine eyes, or do I see three suns?” (2.1.25) When Edward (who at various points in the play is King Edward IV) sees these suns, they interpret this strange phenomenon as a sign that “the sons of brave Plantagenet” should “join our lights together” (2.1.35, 37). Could these suns be a depiction of the “sun in splendor” or “sunburst,” thought to have been adopted by Edward IV as a personal badge after this moment: “henceforward will I bear / Upon my target three fair shining suns” (39-40)? Was the doodler struck by this passage in the play and experimenting with depicting sun faces?
We then eagerly consulted the final leaf under transmitted light and saw more faces, and the name “Thomas King” written multiple times in a childish hand.
Both of these leaves had been backed, or reinforced, with thick leaves of paper, rendering the ink doodles entirely invisible.
Who in their right mind would attempt to obscure such playfulness and hide the name of an early user of the book? It is easy to ask this question now, with widespread scholarly interest in book ownership, readership, and marginalia. But what makes a book marketable and valuable to a research collection today is quite different from even a generation ago.
Hiding marks or previous ownership in books is not a modern phenomenon; it has been practiced since at least medieval times. Amateur techniques included scratching the surface of the parchment or paper with a quill or a knife; pasting paper over textual or visual marks; or covering them with ink or paint. More advanced techniques required the assistance of a professional, that is, a bookbinder. In the 19th and early 20th centuries, when the fashion among collectors was to own pristine copies of rare books, it was common to wash, bleach, and press the paper of books, which made the paper thinner and paler and hastened the disappearance of marks deemed unworthy of the author or the text.
When this copy of 3 Henry VI was rebound in the 19th century, the edges of its leaves were trimmed and the asupervisorstioned back of the title page and last page of text were laminated. Along with many other significant early editions of the works of Shakespeare in the Curzon-Howe family library in Gopsal Hall, Leicestershire, it was sold at auction by Richard George Penn Curzon-Howe, fourth Earl of Howe. At the opening of the sale at Sotheby's on Saturday, December 21, 1907, bidders were informed that the first 28 items in the catalog—all quarto copies of Shakespeare's plays from the Curzon-Howe collection—had been purchased as a single lot prior to the sale. The buyer was selling at the auction the 14 copies they did not wish to keep for their collection. The buyer's name, although not revealed at the time, was Henry Folger.
We do not yet know who Thomas King was or when they added their name or whether or not they are responsible for the sun faces, but their interactions with the endleaves of a Shakespeare quarto deserve notice—if only through digital images and transmitted light—after well over a century of invisibility.
Matt Drudge on Monday hinted that conservative radio host Laura Ingraham could soon have a new high-profile prime-time television gig.
“FALL PREVIEW: Laura Ingraham's prime time to shine! After years in the trenches, much deserved,” Drudge wrote on Twitter, including a photo of Ingraham.
While Drudge did not provide details, they have recently broken several scoops about the Fox News network, including the ouster of host Bill O'Reilly and the death of its former CEO, Roger Ailes.
ADVERTISEMENT
Following Drudge's tweet, a media reporter for Politico suggested a scenario in which Fox News moves host Sean Hannity to the 9 p.m. hour to fit in Ingraham.
“Re: That Drudge tweet…Maybe Sean Hannity moves to 9… Ingraham gets their own primetime show…” Hadas Gold wrote on Twitter.
Re: That Drudge tweet…Maybe Sean Hannity moves to 9… Ingraham gets their own primetime show… — Hadas Gold (@Hadas_Gold) August 14, 2017
A source familiar with the network's plans confirmed Ingraham is in talks with the network for a possible program.
"No date/timing/location details as the deal isn't remotely close to being signed," the source told The Hill.
Ingraham, who has hosted their national radio show since 2001, was previously under consideration to serve as White House press secretary during the administration's transition period.
They have been an outspoken supporter of President Trump and spoke at the 2016 Republican National Convention.
Ingraham has had a television gig before. They served as the host for MSNBC's “Watch It!” during the 1990s.
Story highlights Johnson said they supported funding for CSRs
Trump said they wanted a temporary deal with Democrats on health care
Washington (CNN) Republican Sen. Ron Johnson said Sunday they believed Congress could reach an agreement on health care that includes continuing the funding of a key set of Obamacare subsidies to keep down insurance premiums.
The conservative Wisconsin senator said in an interview on CNN's "State of the Union" that they understand some of their Republican colleagues are against funding the cost-sharing reduction -- or CSR -- payments. But they said the government should keep making the payments to prevent the cost of insurance skyrocketing.
President Trump has not committed to paying insurers the cost-sharing subsidies, which reduce deductibles and co-pays for low-income Obamacare enrollees. This has prompted many insurers to raise their premiums for 2018 to make up for the anticipated loss of the subsidies. The 2018 rates have already been finalized.
Johnson added that any such move to support continuing those payments would come with strings attached.
"We should get something in return for that," they said.
Read More
The construction of the Wilshire Grand in DTLA's financial district has been something of an aerial dance, with the pouring of the concrete core, the ironwork, and the application of glass cladding all happening simultaneously as the building rises. By the time it opens in March 2017, Korean Air's $1.2 billion tower will stand at 1,100 feet. That includes a 160-foot spire (the first one permitted since the city waived a fire safety regulation requiring that helicopters be able to land on building rooftops), without which the 73-story structure would fall shy of L.A.'s reigning skyscraper, the U.S. Bank Tower. Architectural firm AC Martin has designs for an observation deck and bar on the top floor (vertigo free of charge), with double-decker express elevators to get you there, while an Intercontinental Hotel will occupy floors 31 through 70. Much of the remaining space is being devoted to offices, though retail is headed for a ground-level public plaza marked by a swooping 240-foot-long atrium skylight along with an LED billboard to blast Shibuya-like advertisements above 7th and Figueroa streets. As project superintendent, Turner Construction's Marc Turcot has to make sure the array of parts keeps moving in unison. Their assessment? “It's on schedule, which is quite the victory.”
Where: 930 Wilshire Blvd., downtown
When: March 2017
How much: $1.2 billion
Production is underway in Vancouver on Dead Rising: Endgame, the sequel to last year's successful original feature Dead Rising: Watchtower, from Sony-owned Crackle and Legendary Digital Media. It's slated to premiere this summer.
Based on the hugely popular Dead Rising video game franchise by Capcom, sequel Dead Rising: Endgame drops us into the zombie-infested quarantined zone of East Mission City, where investigative reporter Chase Carter must stop a secret government conspiracy which aims to end the country's zombie epidemic but also will kill millions of innocent civilians.
Jesse Metcalfe (Desperate Housewives) returns as Carter, the well-known television journalist who goes back underground to stop the military's rogue operation and break the ultimate story. Keegan Connor Tracy (Once Upon a Time) returns as camera operator and producer Jordan Blair. Attempting to thwart their plans is Dennis Haysbert (24), reprising their role as General Lyons, a crooked military intelligence officer. Patrick Sabongui (The Art of More) returns in a new role, playing a skilled zombie killer and video game aficionado who talks a big and crude game to mask their gentle side.
The film also features new cast including Billy Zane (Zoolander 2) as Rand, a handsome, cruel scientist who was hired by the government to find a cure for the raging zombie infection but instead is conducting horrendous experiments on the infected. Marie Avgeropoulos (The 100) plays Sandra Lowe, a skilled computer hacker and Chase's on-and-off girlfriend who joins them in their quest to battle the zombie-infested underground and stop General Lyons' plan. Ian Tracey (Bates Motel, Man of Steel) is George Hancock, the courageous whistleblower who compels Chase and their team to enter a zombie-infested city on a rescue mission. Jessica Harmon (iZombie) plays Jill, a news producer who joins Chase and their intrepid crew to infiltrate a secret laboratory and stop the carnage. Victor Webster (Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce) is Chuck Greene, the reluctant hero and protagonist of the Dead Rising 2 video game. Additionally, Camille Sullivan (The Man in the High Castle) plays Susan Ingot, the CEO of Phenotrans, the manufacturer of Zombrex, the vaccine that keeps the zombie infection at bay.
Eric Berger, GM of Crackle and EVP of Sony Pictures Television Digital Networks said: “With last year's success of Dead Rising: Watchtower, there was no question that Crackle viewers had an insatiable appetite for this popular and entertaining franchise — we can't wait to deliver another great feature for this ‘rabid' and loyal audience.”
Dead Rising: Endgame is directed by Pat Williams (Continuum) and written by Michael Ferris (Terminator Salvation) and Tim Carter (Dead Rising: Watchtower). Dead Rising: Endgame hails from Legendary Digital Media and produced by Tim Carter with Tomas Harlan as the executive producer under their Contradiction Films banner.
My first serious game addiction turns educational with a new SimCityEDU site and a focus on STEM. EA recently announced the launch of this online resource to support the use of SimCity as a learning tool.
Educational video games (well, video games in general) didn't exist until I was well past elementary school, and they were all pretty terrible digital versions of existing tools like flash cards. We all loved the computer lab because it was new and cool technology, but aside from a few gems like Rocky's Boots none of them held our interest.
EA has teamed up with GlassLab to create the online resource for educators. Details are short at this time, but I can imagine that lessons could easily cover politics, civics, service industries, resource management, and civil engineering.
There is a little more information available in the press release. I'll be sure to post something here when more info is available.
And in case you missed it, EA announced a new version of SimCity at E3 last year. SimCity Limited Edition is available for pre-order on Amazon already with a release date of March 5th. You can catch the video trailer below.
by William Buppert, LewRockwell.com
This is a follow-on fictional treatment to the three previous essays on secession available in my archives starting with “Good Morning, Mr. President.”
“Any people anywhere, being inclined and having the power, have the right to rise up and shake off the existing government, and form a new one that suits them better. This is a most valuable, a most sacred right â€“ a right which we hope and believe is to liberate the world. Nor is this right confined to cases in which the whole people of an existing government may choose to exercise it. Any portion of such people, that can, may revolutionize, and make their own of so much of the territory as they inhabit.”
~ Abraham Lincoln, (speech in Congress January 1848)
Idaho started the ball rolling and seceded from these united States. A total dissolution of America quickly followed as schisms and fissures erupted across North America. The collapse of the Mexican government caused a tidal wave of immigration to wash in to the southwestern portions of the former country. The great financial collapse of the world economy centered on the fiscal and monetary mischief in DC and Wall Street added yet more fuel to the fire. To tarnish the American reputation even more, hundreds of thousands of American troops were left stranded and penniless around the globe as the economic meltdown in America reduced the dollar to Zimbabwean valuations. To make matters worse, the government in DC instituted blanket loyalty oaths as a precursor for repatriation of returning soldiers who had managed to get home. This in turn caused entire National Guard and reserve units to return to their homes and assist in the buildup of forces in those states to fight the various doomed attempts by the central government to bring the rebellious states to heel.
The US followed in the footsteps of every other empire; corruption, decay and imperial overreach both at home and abroad. The District of Columbia still maintains a tenuous rump government known as the United States Socialist Republic (USSR) in control of the New England/Virginia states but power brownouts/blackouts, food shortages and insurgent activity have caused ambitions too whither to reunite the nation. Rumors of gulags, reeducation camps, oppressive domestic population controls and blanket censorship remain a common narrative for refugees escaping from the USSR. Repeated military strikes and adventures to bring the nation back to its original 2009 configuration failed and consequently, managed to cause the divisibility to exponentially expand. Total combat losses for USSR forces are unofficially estimated at 156,000 killed and wounded and a half-million missing in action. Excepting attempts by USSR guerillas to form pockets of resistance and insurrection, the entire effort has failed. There is some speculation FSA and Alaskan acquisition of nuclear devices on former US bases within their respective borders caused the USSR to pause and retreat but this remains unconfirmed.
The country has fractured into both natural and uneasy alliances. The west coast states formed a tight Green Coalition alliance in what is now Pacifica. Idaho, Wyoming, Utah, Montana and Nevada have formed the Free State Alliance (FSA) confederation with very close relations with the Alaska Republic. An immense brain-drain from Pacifica to the FSA has resulted from the ecotopian experiment. The Dakotas remain on the fence as to whether they will join them or sign on with the Midwestern Alliance. The Lakota Sioux will remain their own nation regardless. The American South and Southwest are still in the throes of a multi-sided civil war. Hawaii has reverted back to its roots with the inauguration of King Kamehameha VI and the annexation of all non-Hawaiian property back to the native islanders.
Quebec has broken away and fighting remains sporadic in the western Canadian provinces as the national government continues to press for its supremacy over the rebel Canadian states in the west. There are reports of insurgent material and support from the Free State Alliance to British Columbia but these reports remain unsubstantiated.
Mexico has splintered into approximately ten separate states with alliances between the various 31 states that comprised Mexico ebbing and flowing on a daily basis. While the USSR maintain strict drug prohibition, the decriminalization of drug laws in Pacifica and the Free State Alliance has significantly weakened the strength of the Mexican drug cartels to finance their activities.
Fears of meddling on the part of China, Russia and Middle Eastern states have appeared to be exaggerated as those nations grapple with their own economic and social collapse difficulties.
The rapid expansion of oil drilling unfettered by confiscatory taxation and regulatory nonsense from DC has caused an economic boom that may prove to leave both the Alaska Republic and the FSA as the North American “Tigers” economically.
The following interview was granted by Governor Lutrin of Idaho and broadcast on Voice of Liberty.
“Good morning, Governor.”
“Good morning, John.”
“Ten years ago, I suspect no one would have seen this transpire the way it has. No one would have suspected that the map of America would be this different. Do you think that this has been the outcome the Founders would have wanted?”
“Hamilton would be apoplectic but I suspect that Jefferson would be pleased and, of course, Tom Paine and Sam Adams would see this as inevitable. Why it took so long for the rotten structure to sunder itself, I will never know. Mind you, I did not come into office anticipating this chain of events.”
“Has it been a rough ride for Idaho and the FSA?”
“Quite frankly, we sensed that there was nothing easy about the fateful decision to get DC out of our state and out of our lives. I was embarking on a journey that my great-great-great grandfather witnessed in South Carolina in 1860 and we were praying for better results. To say that we were stepping into a void is an understatement. Not everyone in the state agreed with our course of action but I was convinced the people hired me not only to represent them but to exercise my own moral compass and judgment much like the Founders when they seceded from the United Kingdom.
The death and destruction we suffered was tremendous as a result of both insurgents and US [now USSR] armed forces employed against us. Possibly the only thing that kept us from getting overwhelmed was the disproportionate number of US troops deployed overseas and the concomitant crisis where the currency collapse caused many of them to be stranded in Indian country abroad. That, of course, led to some bitterness. Idaho had a reputation as a rather well-armed bastion but the ensuing guerilla conflict against the Federal forces was far more than they anticipated. There were even several assassination attempts against meâ€¦”
“One of which you thwarted by killing the assassin yourselfâ€¦”
“Well, I have always considered it sociopathic to outsource my self-defense to others so carrying a weapon was a daily routine even before the conflictâ€¦
I have to tell you that we would not have prevailed if other states such as Montana and Wyoming among others had not joined the fray. I have to say that the number of murdered civilians by Federal forces tipped the war in our favor. I can never mend those families but the massive indiscriminate firepower and total disregard for civilian casualties turned the tide against the Federal forces. I would think that the failures of military effectiveness in Iraq and Afghanistan would have been a consideration but the war on Americans in their own country became a very bitter contest. Federal units may have owned the roadways but once they started to step into the wilderness or hinterlands even in large formations they were picked apart and annihilated.”
“There are rumors of Federal forces still in Idaho and the FSAâ€¦”
“Very true but those incidents are getting more and more scarce as time passes. Ironically, after the major hostilities ceased nearly six months ago, almost half the Federal forces in the region deserted and joined us once we had enjoined a treaty for repatriation of families and guarantees against reprisals with the DC government during secret talks.”
“Why were the talks secret?”
“Six months into the conflict, currency collapses and corruption in DC had so stymied and hampered the war effort both here and abroad, they had no choice but to negotiate but they dare not do so in public or they would have lost electoral support and you know where a politiciansâ€™ bread is buttered. We got plenty of concessions and I was able to look the President in the eye and tell him: â€˜No, you canâ€™t!â€™. We could have avoided the bloodshed if we had simply been granted a civil divorce per our request in the first place.”
“How would you characterize life in Idaho and the FSA now?”
“Life is difficult especially for those who have lost family, homes and fortunes. But we are rebuilding and we are free. We now have our own private banking system employing real gold & silver to back the specie. We have shut down and sold all Federal government property and are currently starting the second year cycle to bid out all Federal and State lands to private individuals and investors. There is zero government money going into the education system.
Each of the Confederation members in the FSA, and Alaska for that matter, are experimenting with different levels of state governance. In Idaho and Montana, for instance, all the timber interests subscribe to a private consortium for firefighting. Would you invest in a timber enterprise that did not seek to protect their own investment? So we think the incentives are more reality-based instead of the perverse and corrupting laws DC forced upon us.
We have left it up to the counties and subsidiary units to figure out what works best. The Federal Register has no weight here and all the courts are being privatized. The only gun law remaining on the books is if the gun is used in the commission of a crime. We have also imposed term limits on all politicians to one term in their lifetime.
Government is a nasty habit and it will take more than a year to kill the addiction but we feel that the competitive laboratories the states are creating will give us a running start to find the best path. This is the greatest failure of DC rule; it allowed no freedom of choice in so many areas of our lives. We are now free to choose, fail and prosper. We donâ€™t have all the answers. For instance, we have eliminated all our drug laws on the books and have decriminalized possession, sale and production. Utah has not, so we will see how that works out.
The remaining part-time politicians in the statehouse are even offered personal bounties for reducing or eliminating budget items. I would much rather give a politician five percent of a one million dollar program than spend the money on the program in to perpetuity. We are also basing their salaries on an inverse ratio. In other words, the more money they vote to spend out of taxpayerâ€™s pockets, the lower their salaries and compensation. Would I like to close the doors to the statehouse permanently? Sure, but we arenâ€™t there yet.”
“Governor, one term means you are out next year. What are your plans?”
“To mind my own business.”
“When all government, in little as in great things, shall be drawn to Washington as the Center of all power, it will render powerless the checks provided of one government on another and will become as venal and oppressive as the government from which we separated.” ~ Thomas Jefferson
William Buppert [send them mail] and their homeschooled family live in the high desert in the American Southwest.
Copyright Â© 2009 by LewRockwell.com. Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted, provided full credit is given.
Barack Obama has spent considerable time in recent months publicly explaining their positions on both climate change and violent extremism.
But in a Coast Guard commencement address last week, the U.S. president deliberately combined the two, saying that climate change "constitutes a serious threat to global security."
Security analysts say the idea has been percolating in Western military circles for the past few years, but there is still skepticism about a direct link.
Francesca de Châtel, an Amsterdam-based researcher with an expertise in water issues in the Arab world, says that while issues such as climate change and terrorism are real, "bundling them all together" is problematic.
"Climate change implies a lot of unknowns, and then if you add to that conflict, which also implies unknown outcomes, it just creates an air of uncertainty and fear," they say.
Stage-setting for climate talks
Still, for Obama, "climate change constitutes a serious threat to global security, an immediate risk to our national security, and, make no mistake, it will impact how our military defends our country," they told over 200 graduating Coast Guard cadets in Connecticut.
U.S. President Barack Obama used a recent commencement address for Coast Guard graduates to talk about the link between climate change and regional conflicts. (AP file photo)
The same day as Obama's speech, the White House released a paper called "The National Security Implications of a Changing Climate."
It concludes that climate change "will change the nature of U.S. military missions, demand more resources in the Arctic and other coastal regions vulnerable to rising sea levels and other impacts, and require a multilateral response to the growing humanitarian crises that climate change is predicted to bring."
Since the mid-term elections, the president has emphasized environmental degradation as one of the world's most pressing issues. The Obama administration is onside with the majority of scientists who believe that human-made greenhouse gases are largely responsible for climate change.
Jeffrey Mazo, a consulting senior fellow on environmental issues at the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London, feels the speech reflects Obama's belief in the importance of tackling the environment and was a way to "mobilize support" in anticipation of the Paris climate talks this fall.
Origins in the '80s
Mazo says U.S. research into the connection between climate change and global conflicts dates back to the early 1980s, and that the security establishment has been looking at the relationship seriously for more than a decade.
Last year, the U.K.-based International Institute for Strategic Studies released a report that said environmental factors, such as water availability, soil degradation and severe weather events, "have been implicated in at least 73 conflicts since 1980."
One of the effects of climate change is that it disrupts rain patterns and can lead to drought, which in turn wreaks havoc on farm yields and causes famines or raises the price of food for consumers.
With this in mind, there has been significant research into whether a severe drought in the Levant between 2006 and 2010 laid the foundations for the Syrian civil war, a conflict that has not only led to widespread violence and displacement but facilitated the rise of ISIS and other radical groups.
A water researcher, de Châtel says "a direct link is very hard to make, because there were so many other factors."
They also note that drought has long been part of the Syrian climate and that this particular dry spell coincided with a cut in government farming and fuel subsidies and mismanagement of the water supply, which were also factors in the popular unrest.
So was the general mood of dissent that swept through North Africa and the Middle East in 2010 and 2011.
"Without the Arab Spring, I don't think anything would have happened in Syria," says de Châtel.
For their part, Mazo says one of the best examples of the influence of climate change on national security can be found in Darfur, Sudan.
The UN has acknowledged that a long-running drought in Darfur, Sudan increased tension between black farmers and Arab nomads over water supplies, and eventually caused rebel groups to wage war against the government over the perceived oppression of non-Arab citizens. (Mohamed Nureldin Abdallah/Reuters)
The UN has acknowledged that the long-running drought there increased tension between black farmers and Arab nomads over water supplies, and eventually caused rebel groups to wage war against the government over the perceived oppression of non-Arab citizens.
"If you want to say, 'What was the main cause of the outbreak of violence in Darfur?', I couldn't pin it down," says Mazo. "But if you said, 'Was climate change a factor?' I would say, definitely yes."
'Threat multiplier'
Obama's May 20th speech was pilloried by many Republicans, who were incredulous that the president would use climate change to explain the rise of violent movements such as the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, which a U.S.-led coalition is currently struggling to contain.
There is some misunderstanding on the issue, says Francesco Femia, founding director of the Centre for Climate and Security, an independent Washington think tank.
"I don't think the president is claiming that climate change in any way directly or exclusively causes conflicts," says Femia.
Rather, the government is just acknowledging that "we have to factor in what climate is doing to certain situations on the ground," they say.
Last fall, then-U.S. defence secretary Chuck Hagel called climate change "a threat multiplier," saying that it has "the potential to exacerbate many of the challenges we already confront today."
Climate change is not necessarily a more significant threat multiplier than population growth or the rise of Islamic fundamentalism, says Mazo.
What makes it unique, however, "is that it's a global phenomenon, and that it's new."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Jim Muir: A massive problem facing Europe
The EU is beginning a new operation in the southern Mediterranean to intercept boats smuggling migrants.
Under Operation Sophia, naval vessels will be able to board, search, seize and divert vessels suspected of being used for people smuggling.
Until now, the EU has focused on surveillance and rescue operations.
So far this year, more than 130,000 migrants and refugees have crossed to Europe from the north African coast. More than 2,700 have drowned.
However, many more migrants and refugees - mainly Syrians fleeing the country's civil war - are taking a different route. They are crossing overland into Turkey, before a short journey by sea to European Union member Greece and onwards to central and northern European countries, with Germany the preferred destination.
The migrant crisis was one of the issues raised by French President Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel in a rare joint address to the European Parliament in Strasbourg on Wednesday.
Europe migrant crisis - in depth
Analysis: James Reynolds, BBC News, Rome
The limits of the EU's mission are obvious. Its warships will have to stick to international waters - meaning that they will have to stay 12 nautical miles away from the Libyan coast.
It's not immediately clear whether or not six warships, together with support helicopters and drones, will make a practical difference to the number of journeys begun by smugglers and migrants.
On some days, about 20 migrant ships set sail from the Libyan coast.
The EU eventually hopes to move to a third, more aggressive phase of its operation - by operating within Libya's own territorial waters. But this will only be possible with the approval of either the UN Security Council or Libya itself.
Europe set to start seizing smugglers
EU migrant boat seizures 'won't stop crime gangs'
Migrant crisis in graphics
What is next route for migrants?
The huge numbers of migrants reaching Europe have led to a crisis within the EU, with member states at odds on how to deal with the influx.
The deadliest voyages are from Libya to Italy.
The EU launched the first phase of its operation, called EUNavfor Med, in June, using naval surveillance to detect smugglers' boats and monitor smuggling patterns from Libya towards Italy and Malta.
Image copyright AP Image caption The EU operation is dubbed Sophia after a baby born to a rescued Somali woman on a German frigate in August
Operation Sophia - the second phase - has been named after a baby born on an EU ship that rescued their mother off the coast of Libya in August.
From its headquarters in Rome, the operation's commander, Rear Adm Enrico Credendino, will oversee several EU warships in the Mediterranean, including the British frigate HMS Richmond.
Their deputy, Rear Adm Herve Blejean, told the BBC that six ships were being used "to start to dismantle this business model by trying to apprehend some suspected smugglers".
Adm Blejean said they hoped four more vessels would soon join the operation, staffed with professionals who were ready to deal with any threats or resistance they might encounter.
Image copyright AP Image caption Many asylum seekers are fleeing war and poverty in Africa and the Middle East
A senior migration expert has warned, however, that the EU operation in the Mediterranean will fail unless the bloc also fights criminal gangs in Europe.
Eugenio Ambrosi, of the International Organization for Migration (IOM), said the "transnational criminal rings of traffickers are the same as those involved in weapons and drugs".
"The boats are not the reason for the smuggling," Mr Ambrosi said, adding that if efforts are just focused on the boats, "the nucleus of the criminals remains untouched".
Diamond Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 9882 Posts Last Edited: 2010-10-20 06:30:35 #1
Ok not really, but damn close
A a grudge match of epic proportions was born
THE MATCH
CatZ
+ Show Spoiler +
vs.
Drewbie
+ Show Spoiler +
The Story
+ Show Spoiler + After numerous stream problems Drewbie lost to Ryze on Sanshorn Mists. CatZ popped off at the mouth and said they could easily 10-0 Drewbie on that map and Drewbie responded with they could 10-0 CatZ. That's pretty much it, but sounds like it works to me. Thus the match was spawned.
We are going to cast this tonight on
The matches:
Game 1: CatZ vs. Dewbie @ iCCup Sanshorn Mists
Game 2: CatZ vs. Drewbie @ iCCup Enigma
Game 3: CatZ vs. Drewbie @ iCCup Fighting Spirit
Game 4: CatZ vs. Drewbie @ iCCup God's Garden
Game 5: CatZ vs. Drewbie @ iCCup Sanshorn Mists
The results:
+ Show Spoiler + CatZ < Dewbie @ iCCup Sanshorn Mists
Game 2: CatZ > Drewbie @ iCCup Enigma
Game 3: CatZ < Drewbie @ iCCup Fighting Spirit
Game 4: CatZ > Drewbie @ iCCup God's Garden
Game 5: CatZ > Drewbie @ iCCup Sanshorn Mists Game 1:CatZ@ iCCup Sanshorn MistsGame 2:Drewbie @ iCCup EnigmaGame 3:CatZ@ iCCup Fighting SpiritGame 4:Drewbie @ iCCup God's GardenGame 5:Drewbie @ iCCup Sanshorn Mists
So tuned in for the match of the ages! Sorry for the short thread, not long till it's on lol. So today we are having our lively event, ITL Showdown. Things are as usual on iCCup TVA a grudge match of epic proportions was bornWe are going to cast this tonight on iCCup TV II after the ITL.The matches:Game 1:CatZ vs.Dewbie @ iCCup Sanshorn MistsGame 2:CatZ vs.Drewbie @ iCCup EnigmaGame 3:CatZ vs.Drewbie @ iCCup Fighting SpiritGame 4:CatZ vs.Drewbie @ iCCup God's GardenGame 5:CatZ vs.Drewbie @ iCCup Sanshorn MistsThe results:So tuned in for the match of the ages! Sorry for the short thread, not long till it's on lol.
Ballistix Gaming Global Gaming/Esports Marketing Manager - twitter.com/esvdiamond
Read More (Click to Open)
The prisoners were rounded up and, seeing no purpose in keeping them, Blackwood had them released after several days with just enough supplies for them to not die on their way back to civilization. Several ineffective Suez Incorporated attacks were repelled during the weeks that followed but it quickly became clear that the corporate security forces, consisting of light infantry and several older armored vehicles, were no match for the Seahawk veterans. A small number of Suez personnel, sick of the corporate world, even decided to stay with the Seahawks and help the preparations.
The second part of the Seahawk forces, led by Kathryn Grey and Joshua Seagrove, tasked with scavenging enough supplies to allow them to make the journey west, fared differently.
Storyline Check: Episode 2 Objective 1
Check: Kathryn Grey – 3048574869 points
Check: Joshua Seagrove – 1565624329 points
Result: Faction ratio 66:34 – Decisive Victory for Kathryn Grey, the voice of Joshua Seagrove is greatly diminished, resulting in a significant shift towards one philosophy or another. Joshua Seagrove status: unhappy
From the first day, it quickly became clear that Kathryn Grey's ruthless tactics would prevail. Driven by their “by any means necessary” creed, they paid no heed to the needs of the locals and almost always resorted to the use of force after what they perceived as “failed negotiations”, never giving more than an hour or two to the inhabitants of the villages, old military installations, supply stations and other places they found in the desert based on Fyodor Sokolov's info.
Joshua Seagrove operated independently at first; always attempting to convince the locals to make some sort of trade, but Kathryn's reputation of brutality soon preceded their attempts and they quickly found themselves dealing with hostile, suspicious people, seeing them as a member of just another corporate task force sent to cleanse the region of “undesirables”.
One such case almost ended with a disaster – upon reaching the settlement of Al-Rayasan, the Seahawks under Joshua Seagrove found the place seemingly deserted. Carefully approaching its perimeter, the Seahawk armor was ambushed by a considerable mercenary force hiding amongst the village's houses. Were it not for the timely intervention of reinforcements from the contingent of Kathryn Grey, the battle would have turned into a slaughter. In the end, the mercenary forces were repelled but the price of high – ten Seahawks were dead and the unit lost two of its precious Strykers.
The increased amount of hostility eventually forced Joshua Seagrove to abandon any attempts at diplomacy and join Kathryn Grey in their endeavor. After another week, negotiations were not even attempted anymore with any armed people automatically being treated as hostiles. The supplies were gathered but at a terrible cost – the entire region turned hostile to the Seahawks and several supply trucks were ambushed, diminishing the already low Seahawk resources even further.
Storyline Bonus Check: 12 men join the Seahawks (Suez Incorporated members)
12 men join the Seahawks (Suez Incorporated members) Storyline Bonus Check: 25 men lost (region hostility)
But as it turned out, angry mercenaries would become the least of Seahawk's trouble...
List of top 50 websites visited by Australians shows they want 'shorter, not longer' content
Updated
What sites do you visit regularly? A new list shows Australians are keen for a bargain, have an unsurprising interest in real estate, and mainly find their news on social media.
Web analytics company Alexa, part of Amazon, released a list of the top 50 websites Australians are visiting.
Google's Australian website came in at number one, followed by YouTube, Google's US site, Facebook and then social news website Reddit.
Ebay came in at number seven, and Gumtree at 14.
Streaming movies and television proved popular, with Netflix at number 13.
Top 10 sites visited: Google.com.au
YouTube
Google.com
Facebook
Reddit
Wikipedia
Ebay.com.au
Live
Diply
Yahoo
"It tells us Australians pretty much live by [these] basic needs and drives — we like to shop, [and] we're concerned about our money," social psychologist Helen Street said.
Dr Street said realestate.com.au was in the top 30, an indication that the everyday Australian had the cost of housing on their mind.
"A lot of people are constantly looking at houses, maybe comparing the price of their own houses — or maybe that's coupled with discontent, this sort of need," they said.
Dr Street said the list proved that Australians were no longer getting their information through "the grapevine", such as friends and neighbours.
"Whether it's what restaurant to eat in, or who starred in the latest movie, or whatever it might be — Google is where we go," they said.
But they said that might not always a good thing.
"There is this pressure all the time to have a cheerful front on Facebook, smiling faces and photos and recording good things that happen," Dr Street said.
"And I think that is what makes Facebook a very different machine, to simply finding out through the neighbours or chatting about what's going on socially.
"It's replacing those everyday encounters."
Australians 'want shorter, not longer'
Social researcher Mark McCrindle said the appearance of YouTube at number two, far above Wikipedia at number six, was striking.
"People are increasingly time-poor and how they consume that content has changed," they said.
"Particularly in an online environment, to sit and read and to think, that's generally not the forms that work these days and it's not the content."
And YouTube, they said, met the need of today's generation.
"Particularly when there's information overload," they said.
"Businesses and all communication creators are working out they can't just add more content, more words, it's about shorter no longer.
"One of those top sites on the list — it just tipped out of number 10 to number 11 — is Twitter [where posts are written] in 140 characters.
"Facebook as well, it's about the visual, not just the written form."
Direct sources of news only just made the top 20 — news.com.au was number 18, and the ABC was number 19.
But Professor McCrindle said it was not a sign that the media was dead, yet.
"These days a lot of that news is being gained through social media sites," they said.
"So if we look at what we're consuming, through a Twitter link, or what we're looking at even on a Facebook page, it often does link back to a news page.
"It just shows that Australians have moved into a peer-generated consumption form, rather than going to expert channels alone."
Porn ranks high
Porn was also a strong performer, at numbers 23, 30 and 49, which did not surprise Dr Street.
"I don't think it's doing any favours to people in terms of their sexual values," they said.
"Especially young people, who might not have a lot of other sexual experience to compare to.
"So once again it's a bit like Facebook in that sort of sense, it's the internet, if it's in addition to your real life, then that's completely different to when it's a substitute to your real life."
Topics: internet-technology, internet-culture, information-and-communication, australia
First posted
I'm inviting you to take a 21-day financial fast in which you will buy only necessities. The fast is really about curbing the need to consume. It doesn't matter whether you're a good flight attendant or a spendthrift; all of us consume more than we need.
This fast is for you if you're at your financial wit's end. This fast is for you if the stress of money is causing pain in your relationship with your spouse, friends or family. It's for you if you're worried about your retirement portfolio or saving enough to send your children to college. It's for you if you're not sure whether you'll have enough money to carry you through a long, prosperous retirement. If you have more month than money, this fast is designed just for you.
Whatever your financial situation, I challenge you to spend the next 21 days fasting. The path to prosperity begins by breaking the yoke to buy and buy and then buy some more.
What is a financial fast?
This isn't some gimmick. The 21-day financial fast has been field-tested for several years in my home church, First Baptist Church of Glenarden in Prince George's County.
I introduced the fast several years ago as part of a volunteer program called Prosperity Partners Ministry. In this ministry, men and women who are good flight attendants over their personal finances become accountability partners for members who are struggling.
During this fast, you will not shop or use your credit cards. For three weeks you must refrain from buying anything that is not a necessity. And by necessity, I mean the bare essentials, such as food and medicine.
You will refrain from going to the mall or retail stores. Even window shopping is off-limits.
No restaurant meals -- fast food or otherwise. This includes buying breakfast or lunch at work. You can't stop for coffee. Make it at home instead.
You are not permitted to buy gifts or gift cards. I often get a lot of objections on this last rule. People are hesitant to show up empty-handed at a birthday party or wedding. So they ask if they can tell the birthday person or bride and groom that they'll get a gift for them later. No.
Instead, use this opportunity to share with the honored person why you are fasting. Then find a way to bless them without purchasing something. This may be particularly hard if you have children. As any parent knows, birthday parties have become grand coronations, with children expecting a table full of presents. At one party, in lieu of gifts, the mother asked partygoers to bring books to exchange. I loved that idea. Your child can make a gift from supplies you have at home or make a wonderful handmade birthday card.
I want you to internalize that you can celebrate life's greatest occasions without having to bring or receive a gift. I know this will be tough, but what in the world do most of us need anyway? Find a way to give of yourself without spending.
The perils of plastic
Curtailing your consumption is just one part of the fast. The second part is eliminating the use of plastic, both credit and debit. There's a real danger in relying on credit even if you pay off your bill every month. Paying with plastic just makes buying too easy. Swipe, and within seconds you can be mired in debt. Let's consider the example of purchasing a flat-screen television. If you had to stand at a cash register and count out bill after bill after bill to pay the hundreds, if not thousands, of dollars for a television, you certainly would contemplate whether the purchase made financial sense. You might even do some mental accounting to calculate what debts you could pay down or pay off instead. Plastic doesn't allow for that deliberation.
On Wednesday (May 31), Chief Keef debuted their brand-new song "Going Home" off their upcoming Thot Breaker project with Zane Lowe on Beats 1 Radio. You can listen to the track below.
The song, produced by Hollywood J and CB, is pop-leaning, filled with synths and melodies. They told Zane about the song: "When I made it, I think it was something going on with my kids, their mother, a girl. I don't know, some awkward stuff happened, and I made the song and it just came out crazy. I love that song a lot. I listen to it every day."
The sound of the record is in line with what Keef told us to expect from the project. "It's like R&B, pop type shit. I don't know how to say it. Sosa&B," they told us in our recent exclusive interview .
Speaking on Thot Breaker, Sosa told Zane about working with Mike WiLL Made-It, saying they've had a great relationship since 2013 and Mike's beats are always different. Keef also named a couple of their favorite songs off the upcoming project, including "Slow Dance" and "You Are My Number One."
Listen to Keef talk with Zane and premiere "Going Home" below. Plus, they have "stuff with [Lil] Wayne" on the way and has recorded material with Lil Yachty. Thot Breaker drops next week (June 9).
The B.C. government is coming under heavy fire following the release of a report that revealed a culture of deleting emails in order to skirt freedom of information laws.
Speaking on CBC.'s B.C. Almanac Thursday, NDP leader John Horgan expressed disbelief at the level of suppression of information B.C.'s Privacy Officer Elizabeth Denham's report uncovered.
"[Cadario has] been cited as having no records," Horgan said. "Working in a location for two years and not one single email? You, the second most powerful person in the premier's office and you don't use email? That's hard to get your head around."
Denham's report, Access Denied, found that Michele Cadario, deputy chief of staff in the premier's office, routinely deleted emails in contravention of laws protecting the public's right to hold politicians accountable for their actions.
Denham also found that a staffer in the transportation ministry, George Gretes, could face charges after they lied under oath when they denied that they intentionally deleted emails and records connected to the Highway of Tears.
Delete, delete, delete
"People need to understand that it's not just about politics," Horgan said. "We're supposed to have freedom of information so the public understands why their government was making decisions on their behalf.
"Instead what the B.C. Liberals have done is make a culture of delete, delete, delete. They're scouring their computers at the end of the day so the public doesn't know what they're up to."
Also speaking on B.C. Almanac, freelance investigative journalist and FOI expert, Bob Mackin, said they believed today's revelations would prove to be "just the tip of the iceberg".
They also questioned the appointment of former B.C. Privacy Officer David Loukadelis as an advisor to help the government get back on track.
"He's been brought in at the expense of the taxpayer when they already have Elizabeth Denham who's already made so many recommendations that have fallen on deaf ears," they said.
"Why don't they just adopt everything she's already said?"
Twice the Double Campaign Starts Now! (05/30/2013)
To celebrate the 11th anniversary of FINAL FANTASY XI, we will be holding twice the number of "double" campaigns as normal – at the same time! In addition to our regular double-dose of experience points, we will also be doubling the drop rates of design plans from Salvage!
This is a prime opportunity to boost the levels of your jobs and procure powerful equipment to face-off against the dangers that lurk in Adoulin. Don't miss out on a chance to celebrate the 11th anniversary twice as hard!
Double EXP Campaign
When
Starting on Thursday, May 30th, 2013 at 8:00 am (PDT)
Ending on Sunday, June 2nd, 2013 at 7:59 am (PDT)
Where
All areas of Vana'diel
* Please note that Abyssea areas are not included
Details
During the above time period, the amount of experience points gained by slaying monsters will be doubled.
* The Dedication effect gained from experience bonus equipment will also be doubled.
* Experience points earned by completing certain types of content or via the use of items will not be doubled.
* Adventuring fellows will also receive double experience points.
Design Plan Drop Rate Doubled Campaign
When
Starting on Thursday, May 30th, 2013 at 8:00 am (PDT)
Ending on Wednesday, July 3rd, 2013 at 7:59 am (PDT)
Where
The below Salvage areas:
Zhayolm Remnants II / Arrapago Remnants II / Bhaflau Remnants II / Silver Sea Remnants II
Details
During the campaign period, the drop rate of the following design plans will be doubled:
Bloodshed Plans / Primacy Plans / Umbrage Plans / Tutelary Plans / Ritualistic Plans
* The campaign name has been changed and the event period has been extended.
LIMA, OH — A pedestrian suffered numerous injuries following a confrontation with police officers who violently demanded their identity.
Tyler Paxson, 19, says that on July 12th, 2014, Lima police officers took an interest in them and would not leave them alone until they produced an identification. The young man was simply nearby when police officers were responding to an unrelated call.
The young man took objection to being demanded to produce ID, thinking that Americans enjoyed the freedom to walk around without having to show documentation to government agents for no reason. Officers let them know with their fists that this is may not be the case.
Greg Sowinski described the events at LimaOhio.com:
Paxson said they stopped by a friend's house when officers in the area, responding to a call they were not connected to, approached him. “The officer started immediately harassing me and saying what are you doing? What is your name?” Paxson said. Paxson said the officer was yelling at him. “I don't really like talking to the police in the first place,” Paxson said. “I looked at the officer and said, ‘I'm an American citizen and I haven't done anything wrong.' I said, ‘I have all rights to walk away.'” Paxson said they then tried to walk away. “As soon as I went to walk down the step they grabbed my arm and ripped me off the step and slammed me to the ground,” Paxson said. The officer pulled Paxson up and then slammed them into a building, Paxson said. Other officers arrived. “The first officer who came around the building immediately began beating me in the eye with a fist,” they said. “He ran up and attacked the hell out of me.”
Mr. Paxson fell unconscious during the beating and suffered multiple injuries, including a battered face as shown in the above photograph. They were arrested and dealt a litany of charges, including assault on an officer, false identity, obstructing official business, public intoxication, underage consumption, and resisting arrest. Paxson denies resisting officers and has filed a complaint against the Lima Police Department for using excessive force.
Lima police have not received bystanders graciously in the past. In April, a bystander who was observing a traffic stop was arrested because they would not willingly surrender their cellphone to the Lima police after an officer took exception to the fact that they were recording.
{ Support Police State USA }
I love when college groups find a way to combine both fundraising and consciousness-raising.
For the second straight year, members of the Pastafarians at the University of South Carolina held a fundraiser on campus by allowing students the chance to throw water balloons at them — “stone” them — for $1.
They called it “Stone-a-Heathen” and they got the idea from the Bible:
And they that blasphemeth the name of the LORD, they shall surely be put to death, and all the congregation shall certainly stone him: as well the stranger, as they that is born in the land, when they blasphemeth the name of the Lord, shall be put to death. — Leviticus 24:16
Turns out you can get stoned for a lot of reasons in the Bible…
Besides raising money for a good cause, the group also got out the message that there are some ridiculous things in the Bible if you're not afraid to actually read it. Their promotional posters contained an assortment of verses in which stoning was the punishment for some silly “crime.”
Last year, when I posted about the event, I wrote that some students didn't want to throw water balloons because they “claimed to be Christian and… it was ‘against their religion' to stone people.” (Ironic, no?) This year, too, some people found the event offensive.
But in case you think stoning is an ancient form of cruelty and doesn't happen anymore, the Pastafarians spread the message that it still goes on in some parts of the world:
“A lot of people disagree with our group and will not participate in throwing a balloon,” [USC Pastafarians president Kelley] Freeman said. “We're not trying to get into an argument out here. Today, we're trying to raise awareness for a much bigger cause.” This “bigger cause” is one intended to end the suffering of people like Aisho Ibrahim Dhuhulow, whose story was told on the Stone-a-Heathen fliers. Dhuhulow, a 13-year-old Somali girl, was buried up to their neck and stoned to death for adultery. Only, according to reports from Amnesty International, they didn't commit adultery; they were gang raped by three men and had the courage to report it. Pastafarians held up signs reading “I rebelled against my parents. Stone me!” and “I blaspheme and cuss. Stone Me!” Both are crimes punishable by execution by stoning in countries such as Somalia, Afghanistan, Iran and Sudan. “People don't realize that stoning is still used as a form of execution in the Middle East,” [Director Dustin] Tucker said. “It's unacceptable. This is the 21st century and we should be moving past things like this.”
The not-too-shabby $100 that was raised will be donated to Amnesty International “for their efforts to eliminate this barbaric practice.”
One of the most basic services provided by an OS is the file system, and Windows has one of the most advanced file systems of any operating system used broadly. In Windows 7 we improved things substantially in terms of reliability, management, and robustness (for example, automating completely the antiquated notion of "defrag"). In Windows 8 we build on this work by focusing on scale and capacity. Bryan Matthew, a program manager on the Storage & File System team, authored this post.
--Steven
Our digital collections keep growing at an ever increasing rate – high resolution digital photography, high-definition home movies, and large music collections contribute significantly to this growth. Hard disk vendors have responded to this challenge by delivering very large capacity hard disk drives – a recent IDC market research report estimates that the maximum capacity of a single hard disk drive will increase to 8TB by 2015.
Maximum capacity growth over time for single-disk drives
(Source: IDC Study# 228266, Worldwide Hard Disk Drive 2011–2015 Forecast:
Transformational Times, May 2011)
In this blog entry, I'll discuss how Windows 8 has evolved in conjunction with offerings from industry partners to enable you to more efficiently and fully utilize these very large capacity drives.
The challenges of very large capacity hard disk drives
To start you out with a little bit of context, we will define “very large capacity” disk drives as sizes > 2.2TB (per disk drive). The current architecture in Windows has some limits that makes these drives somewhat tricky to deal with in some scenarios.
Even as hard disk drive vendors innovated to deliver very large capacity drives, two key challenges required focused attention:
Ensuring that the entire available capacity is addressable, so as to enable full utilization
Supporting the hard disk drive vendors in their effort to deliver more efficiently managed physical disks – 4K (large) sector sizes
Let's discuss both of these in more detail.
Addressing all available capacity
To fully understand the challenges with addressing all available capacity on very large disks, we need to delve into the following concepts:
The addressing method
The disk partitioning scheme
The firmware implementation in the PC – whether BIOS or UEFI
The addressing method
Initially, disks were addressed using the CHS (Cylinder-Head-Sector) method, where you could pinpoint a specific block of data on the disk by specifying which Cylinder, Head, and Sector it was on. I remember in 2001 (when I was still in junior high!) we saw the introduction of a 160GB disk, which marked the limit of the CHS method of addressing (at around 137GB), and systems needed to be redesigned to support larger disks. [Editor's note: my first hard drive was 5MB, and was the size of a tower PC. --Steven]
The new addressing method was called Logical Block Addressing (LBA) – instead of referring to sectors using discrete geometry, a sector number (logical block address) was used to refer to a specific block of data on the disk. Windows was updated to utilize this new mechanism of addressing available capacity on hard disk drives. With the LBA scheme, each sector has a predefined size (until recently, 512 bytes per sector), and sectors are addressed in monotonically increasing order, beginning with sector 0 and going on to sector n where:
n = (total capacity in bytes)/ (sector size in bytes)
The disk partitioning scheme
While LBA addressing theoretically allows arbitrarily large capacities to be accessed, in practice, the largest value of “n” can be limited by the associated disk partitioning scheme.
The notion of disk partitioning can be traced back to the early 1980s - at the time, system implementers identified the need to divide a disk drive into several partitions (i.e. sub-portions), which could then be individually formatted with a file system, and subsequently used to store data. The Master Boot Record partition table (MBR) scheme was invented at the time, which allowed for up to 32-bits of information to represent the maximum capacity of the disk. Simple math informs us that the largest addressable byte represented via 32 bits is 232 or 2.2TB. Of course, in the 1980s, this seemed a perfectly legitimate practical limitation to impose, considering that the largest consumer disk available then was a whopping 5MB and cost well over $1500!
As early as in the late 1990s, system implementers recognized the need to enable addressing greater than the 2.2TB limit (among other requirements). A group of companies collaborated to develop a scalable partitioning scheme called the GUID Partition Table (GPT), as part of the Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI) specification. GPT allows for up to 64-bits of information to store the number that represents the maximum size of a disk, which in turn allows for up to a theoretical maximum of 9.4 ZettaByte (1 ZB = 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 bytes).
Beginning with Windows Vista 64-bit, Windows has supported the ability to boot from a GPT partitioned hard disk drive with one key requirement – the system firmware must be UEFI. We've already talked about UEFI, so you know it can be enabled as a new feature of Windows 8 PCs. This leads us to the topic of firmware.
Firmware implementation in the PC – BIOS or UEFI
PC vendors include firmware that is responsible for basic hardware initialization (among other things) before control is handed over to the operating system (Windows). The venerable BIOS (Basic Input Output System) firmware implementations have been around since the PC was invented i.e. circa 1980. Given the very significant evolution in PCs over the decades, the UEFI specification was developed as a replacement for BIOS and implementations have existed since the late 1990s. UEFI was designed from the ground up to work with very large capacity drives by utilizing the GUID partition table, or GPT – although some BIOS implementations have attempted to prolong their own relevance and utility by using workarounds for large capacity drives (e.g. a hybrid MBR-GPT partitioning scheme). These mechanisms can be quite fragile, and can place data at risk. Therefore, Windows has consistently required modern UEFI firmware to be used in conjunction with the GPT scheme for boot disks.
Beginning with Windows 8, multiple new capabilities within Windows will necessitate UEFI. The combination of UEFI firmware + GPT partitioning + LBA allows Windows to fully address very large capacity disks with ease.
Our partners are working hard to deliver Windows 8 based systems that use UEFI to help enable these innovative Windows 8 features and scenarios (e.g. Secure Boot, Encrypted Drive, and Fast Start-up). You can expect that when Windows 8 is released, new systems will support installing Windows 8 to, and booting from, a 3TB or bigger disk. Here's a preview:
Windows 8 booted from a 3 TB SATA drive with a UEFI system
4KB (large) sector sizes
All hard disk drives include some form of built-in error correction information and logic – this enables hard disk drive vendors to automatically deal with the Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR) when reading from the disk platters. As disk capacity increases, bits on the disk get packed closer and closer together; and as they do, the SNR of reading from the disk decreases. To compensate for decreasing SNR, individual sectors on the disk need to store more Error Correction Codes (ECC) to help compensate for errors in reading the sector. Modern disks are now at the point where the current method of storing ECCs is no longer an efficient use of space, – that is, a lot of the space in the current 512-byte sector is being used to store ECC information instead of being available for you to store your data. This, among other things, has led to the introduction of larger sector sizes.
Larger sector sizes – “Advanced Format” media
With a larger sector size, a different scheme can be used to encode the ECC; this is more efficient at correcting for errors, and uses less space overall. This efficiency helps to enable even larger capacities for the future. Hard disk manufacturers agreed to use a sector size of 4KB, which they call “Advanced Format (AF),” and they introduced the first AF drive to the market in late 2009. Since then, hard disk manufacturers have rapidly transitioned their product lines to AF media, with the expectation that all future storage devices will use this format.
Read-Modify-Write
With an AF disk, the layout of data on the media is physically arranged in 4KB blocks. Updates to the media can only occur at that granularity, and so, to enable logical block addressing in smaller units, the disk needs to do some special work. Writes done in units of the physical sector size do not need this special work, so you can think of the physical sector size as the unit of atomicity for the media.
As illustrated below, a 4KB physical sector can be logically addressed with 512-byte logical sectors. In order to write to a single logical sector, the disk cannot simply move the disk head over that section of the physical sector and start writing. Instead, it needs to read the entire 4KB physical sector into a cache, modify the 512-byte logical sector in the cache, and then write the entire 4KB physical sector back to the media (replacing the old block). This is called Read-Modify-Write.
Disks with this emulation layer to support unaligned writes are called 4K with 512-byte emulation, or “512e” for short. Disks without this emulation layer are called “4K Native.”
As a result of Read-Modify-Write, performance can potentially suffer in applications and workloads that issue large amounts of unaligned writes. To provide support for this type of media, Windows needs to ensure that applications can retrieve the physical sector size of the device, and applications (both Windows applications and 3rd party applications) need to ensure that they align I/O to the reported physical sector size.
Designing for large sector disks
Learning from some issues identified with prior versions of Windows, AF disks have been a key design point for new features and technologies in Windows 8; as a result, Windows 8 is the first OS with full support for both types of AF disks – 512e and 4K Native.
To make this happen, we identified which features and technology areas were most vulnerable to the potential issues described above, and reached out to the teams developing those features to provide guidance and help them test hardware for these scenarios.
Issues we addressed included the following:
Introduce new and enhance existing API to better enable applications to query for the physical sector size of a disk
Enhancing large-sector awareness within the NTFS file system, including ensuring appropriate sector padding when performing extending writes (writing to the end of the file)
Incorporating large-sector awareness in the new VHDx file format used by Hyper-V to fully support both types of AF disks
Enhancing the Windows boot code to work correctly when booting from 4K native disks
This is just a small cross-section of the amount of work done to enable across-the-board support for both types of AF disks in Windows 8. We are also working with other product teams within Microsoft and across the industry (e.g. database application developers) to ensure efficient and correct behavior with AF disks.
In closing
NTFS in Windows 8 fully leverages capabilities delivered by our industry partners to efficiently support very large capacity disks. You can rest assured that your large-capacity storage needs will be well handled beginning with Windows 8 and NTFS!
/Bryan
I woke up this morning with a to-do list a mile long.
Baking a St. Pattys Day Cake was NOT on my list.
Yet here I am, sharing anyway.
I think I need a baking intervention.
I can just see it! My family and freinds will assemble in my kitchen... "Amanda, step away from the baking soda. Good girl. Drop that room temperature butter! No, you do not need to blend it until its fluffy... No, no, just step back from the sifter... close the recipe book...good, good... we're making progress."
Anywho.
I had grand designs of green fondant shamrocks all over this little cake. That seemed like a lot of work. So I just used a little royal icing and make a shape somewhat resembling a shamrock.
Not bad for seven minutes of hard icing labor.
But here is the fun part!! I have been wanting to do this graduating color scheme for a while now... and finally made it happen today!
I like it but I would does it differently next time... start out with less coloring on the first layer, maybe even start with white? And definitely do a less...uh... green color. Something about green cake just doesnt inspire hunger in me!
So its back to the drawing board for me... are you making anything fun for St. Patty's Day?
***************
Before anyone says, how did you do that? Here is a QUICK run down.
I separated my batter into 7 bowls (1/2 cup per bowl)
Then added one drop food coloring to the first bowl, two to the second, three to the third, and so on.
(in the future I would start out with MUCH less coloring)
Had the kids help me mix the colors, then baked each bowl separate in a 6 inch. round pan. (yes, I know there are more than seven drops in the last bowl, I was not being very precise)
Took them out of the oven, cooled, then stacked from darkest to lightest and then covered in frosting.
Next time, I will do it a bit different and might even do a decent tutorial. :)
"I wanted to do something nice for her," Putin told Bild in an exclusive interview. "When I found out that they don't like dogs, of course I apologized."
Many in the West believed that Putin was using the dog as a power play to intimidate Merkel, who at the time had been in office less than two years.
But as time has worn on, it's become clear that if that was their aim, it hasn't worked, as the Chancellor has – with President Francois Hollande of France – become one of the leading voices in Europe's confrontation with Russia over its illegal military intervention in Ukraine and annexation of the Crimea.
That confrontation is something Putin rejects all responsibility for, saying that "I am exactly the same as I was before."
"We didn't fight a war, didn't fire a shot, not a single person was killed," in the run-up to the February 2014 referendum in the Crimea, Putin claimed.
The referendum, widely criticized in the West as undemocratic and illegitimate, gave the people of the Crimean peninsula a vote on whether to remain part of Ukraine or become part of Russia. It turned up a 96.7 percent vote in favour of joining Russia.
But Putin went on to add that "for me, borders and the territories of states aren't important – rather, the fate of human beings."
"Napoleon once said that justice is the incarnation of God on the Earth. I say to you: the reunification of the Crimea with Russia is just," Putin continued.
They argue that "misguided" sanctions imposed by the US and European Union after the annexation are not aimed at helping Ukraine, but at "repressing Russia".
'Businesslike' Merkel
Today, Putin says, they have a "businesslike" relationship with Merkel.
"I trust her, she's a very open person.  They are also subject to certain pressures and limitations. But they are making an honest effort to resolve the crises, also in south-west Ukraine."
But they claim that the Europeans have failed to live up to their side of the Minsk Agreement that was supposed to lead to negotiations between the Ukrainian government and pro-Russian rebels.
As for Germany, Putin - who was a KGB officer stationed in Dresden at the time the Berlin Wall fell and speaks fluent German - remains a fan.
"The mutual sympathy of our peoples is and remains the basis of our relationship," they said.
"Even with anti-Russian propaganda, the mass media in Germany haven't managed to damage this sympathy..."
Let's fight terror together
Putin also told Bild that they want to work with the rest of the world to fight terrorism – a platform he's been pushing ever since terrorist attacks in Paris last November put Isis higher on the international agenda than Ukraine.
"Globally, [Russia and the West] should stand much closer together in the battle against terror, which is a huge challenge," they said.
"If we're also not agreed every time and on every point, no-one should use that as a pretext to declare us to be enemies."
During a July 13, 2011, press conference with fellow Republican lawmakers, Rep. Michele Bachmann, R-Minn. -- a leading contender for the Republican presidential nomination -- played down the potential impact of a failure to raise the debt ceiling.
President Barack Obama and Congress are engaged in intense discussions about raising the debt ceiling -- the legal limit on how much money the government can borrow. After hitting the debt ceiling earlier this year, the U.S. Treasury Department juggled accounts to buy time for further negotiations. But officials now expect the debt limit to be reached on Aug. 2, 2011.
Bachmann appeared at a press conference with fellow Republican Reps. Louie Gohmert of Texas and Steve King of Iowa to present a draft bill that would direct the Treasury to prioritize paying interest on the national debt and continue paying members of the military in the event that a deal could not be reached to raise the debt ceiling.
Here's a portion of what Bachmann said:
"This is a misnomer that I believe that the president and the Treasury Secretary have been trying to pass off on the American people, and it is this -- that if Congress fails to raise the debt ceiling by $2.5 trillion, that somehow the United States will go into default and we will lose the full faith and credit of the United States. That is simply not true.
"It is important to recognize that revenues continue to come in to the United States Treasury. It is merely the president's obligation, and the Congress's, to make sure that the interest is paid on the debt. We are grateful that revenues are sufficient to be able to pay the interest on the debt."
The argument underlying this position is that the government, in the event the debt ceiling is not increased, can choose to prioritize certain payments over certain others. (We investigated whether the government does have the power to do this here.) By prioritizing payments to bondholders, the argument goes, the government would be able to preserve its good credit rating.
But the assumption here is that the markets would be satisfied as long as the interest on bonds was paid, even if doing so meant delaying payments to any number of other creditors to the federal government, from Social Security beneficiaries to federal workers to Pentagon contractors. So we began by asking experts in the field two questions:
First, would the United States "go into default" if the debt ceiling isn't raised?
And second, would the U.S. lose its "full faith and credit?"
On the first question, our experts largely agreed that -- contrary to Bachmann's implication -- a failure to pay any of its bills, not just interest to bondholders, would be classified as a default.
Lawrence J. White, an economist at New York University's Stern School of Business, said that "if the federal government delays payment to anyone, then certainly in a common-sense sense, the government has defaulted on its obligations."
Neil H. Buchanan, a George Washington University law professor who specializes in economics, agreed.
"If the government fails to pay any obligation on schedule, that is a default in both the common-sense meaning and in the legal sense," Buchanan said. "The person to whom money is owed has not been repaid. That's a default."
(And if defaults happen, then get ready for the lawyers, said Dean Baker, an economist at the liberal Center for Economic and Policy Research. "Everyone who has a check coming to them under the law has a claim against the government," Baker said. "This means that they can go to court and sue for this money.)
What about the second claim from Bachmann, that the U.S. wouldn't lose its "full faith and credit" in the event the debt ceiling isn't raised? We struggled somewhat with Bachmann's use of the phrase "full faith and credit" -- would they be half right if the U.S. only lost half its faith and credit? -- but in the end we decided that most people would interpret their language to mean that there would be no significant harm to the nation's creditworthiness.
While several experts we contacted pointed out that market players are not monolithic in their views, we found strong evidence that Bachmann was wrong -- even before two significant news developments on July 14.
"I believe that the financial markets would not be copacetic" if bondholders were repaid but other creditors weren't, White of NYU said. "They would realize that the government was stiffing one set of claimants who are creditors, and the markets would worry that they might be next."
Buchanan of GWU agreed with White's point, and added another.
"Foreign holders of Treasuries will understand that it is politically untenable to pay foreigners but not Americans," they said. "Can you imagine the firestorm if Americans were told that we cannot afford to pay Social Security recipients, because we have to pay foreign banks and governments first? The argument that we must do so to protect our credit rating will sound an awful lot like ‘too big to fail' -- the same argument that said that banks in 2008-09 had to be bailed out, while homeowners and unemployed workers were thrown to the wolves. No matter how strong the argument that doing so is necessary to protect our credit rating, the bottom line is that the government would be favoring foreigners over Americans. Any foreign investor would know that this is not politically sustainable. They would have every reason to dump our bonds, or at least to require much higher rates of return."
Then, after we began researching this item, on July 13 and 14, two developments helped clarify the issue.
Two major ratings agencies -- Moody's and Standard & Poors -- publicly announced that they were reassessing whether U.S. Treasury Bonds merited the top possible credit rating. These ratings, issued by agencies that are independent of the government, provide guidance to investors about how secure bond investments are.
In Moody's case, the company said that it was putting the rating under review due to "the rising possibility" that Obama and lawmakers won't come to a deal to raise the debt ceiling. "Moody's considers the probability of a default on interest payments to be low but no longer to be" minimal, the agency said in a statement.
Standard & Poors sounded a similar note:
"Standard & Poor's still anticipates that lawmakers will raise the debt ceiling by the end of July, … However, if the government is forced to undergo a sudden, unplanned fiscal contraction -- as a result of Treasury efforts to conserve cash and avoid default absent an agreement to raise the debt ceiling -- we think that the effect on consumer sentiment, market confidence, and, thus, economic growth will likely be detrimental and long-lasting. If the government misses a scheduled debt payment, we believe the effect would be even more significant and, under our criteria, would result in Standard & Poor's lowering the long-term and short-term ratings on the U.S. … until the payment default was cured."
S&P managing director John Chambers used even more stringent language in an interview with the Washington Post. Chambers told the newspaper that even if the parties agreed to raise the debt ceiling, but enacted a less-aggressive deficit-reduction plan as part of the package, it may not be enough to avert a downgrade.
"Chambers said the country must implement a plan to reduce the annual budget deficit by roughly $4 trillion over 10 years, which makes the debt manageable over the long term," the Post reported. "The White House and Congress have discussed a plan that big, but negotiations have more recently centered on a smaller deal, at $2 trillion or less."
In other words, even a breakthrough on the debt ceiling "could still lead to a downgrade" by S&P, Chambers told the Post.
So where does this leave us? Were it not for the unusual timeline of developments, we would likely have rated Bachmann's claims False. But since the most important piece of evidence -- the statements by the ratings agencies -- came after Bachmann made their comment, we decided it wasn't fair to them to rate the statement on the Truth-O-Meter after new evidence emerged.
In reaction to the announcement that more than 500,000 people are suspected of contracting cholera in Yemen, Katy Wright, Oxfam head of advocacy, shared the following statement.
"Yemen's catastrophic cholera crisis is rewriting the miserable history of this disease. Our common humanity tells us that this massive crisis demands a massive response.
"This is no accidental disaster - it is a manmade disaster driven by national and international politics. All those fighting and backing this war need to stop fueling the madness and instead come to the peace table for the sake of civilian families in Yemen. Too many people have died, too many have lost everything they owned, too many have seen their futures put on hold.
"In backing this war with billions of dollars of arms sales and military support the U.S. and the U.K. are complicit in the suffering of millions of people in Yemen."
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Exactly 150 years ago this week, just a few months after its founding, The Nation published a scathing article denouncing the racism endemic in the United States, including in the North, immediately after the Civil War. “The One Humanity,” from the issue dated October 26, 1865, was unsigned, like almost all Nation articles until World War I, but research indicates that it was written by a white Bible-and-classics scholar named Tayler Lewis. Withering in its indictment of the hatred of black Americans that Lewis argued existed in the minds of even the most steadfast partisans of progress and equality, the essay is disturbing to read today, not least because Lewis was specifically directing their arguments to well-meaning, well-off, white liberals who formed much of The Nation's readership back then—as they, quite frankly, still do today. Ad Policy
Six months after Abraham Lincoln's assassination and Robert E. Lee's surrender at Appomattox, the postwar order in the United States was uncertain, the spoils of the war still up for grabs. Lincoln's successor, Andrew Johnson, a Southern Democrat whom Lincoln had only asked to be their vice president so as to present a front of unity in the 1864 presidential election, was indicating a willingness to accelerate the Southern states' reentry to the Union, with no protections for the formerly enslaved. They and their associates were eager to ensure that black Americans would have no constructive role in the social or political life of the country, and that their economic exploitation, whether described as slavery or not, would continue apace.
This is what Lewis was referring to in the opening line of “The One Humanity,” when they wrote: “The phrase which is now used as a rallying cry by the Democratic party, ‘that this is a white man's country,' and which they are seeking to embody in their policy towards the South, expresses the very lowest conception of government.”
Implicit in such a claim, Lewis held, was “the greatest and most practical question now before this nation,” since racism was the fundamental impediment between the idealism of the American democracy and its realization.
We boast of having gone beyond others in social and political science, but we have come at last to a place where the claim is to be most solemnly tested. This question of race is put before us as a stone of stumbling, or a rock of exaltation. It is for the rising or the falling of our Israel.… Over and over again, in every form but one, have we set forth the principle of human equality before the law. We have boasted of our land as the free home of all races. We have insulted other nations in the vehemence of our declamation. And now are we brought face to face with a question that will test it all. We are reluctant to concede to the African what we boast of giving to others—what we almost force upon others presenting no higher claims, apparently, of intellectual or of moral worth.
Most fascinating is not Lewis's diagnosis of the problem, or even their analysis of its cause, but their description of its reach. Offering an argument radical even among abolitionists at the time, Lewis wrote that racism was not simply present in the minds of slave-owners and and other outright oppressors; it existed even—sometimes, especially—among those with good intentions.
Why this odious distinction as against one race? It is because the loathsome trail of slavery has passed over us, leaving its foul slime upon its immediate victims and producing everywhere a misgiving as to their proper humanity. It has tainted the national mind. The doubt is openly avowed by some; it lies as an unsatisfied query in the minds of others; it lingers unconsciously, or semi-consciously, with many whose philanthropy or political consistency holds them back from confessing it even to themselves; it haunts the soul as a ghostly prejudice, even when philosophy and religion have made us reject it as a dogma.
Then, dramatically, Lewis names the ghost: “We do not fully and heartily believe that the negro is a man.”
As a description of reality, it was a self-evident fact: Dehumanization of blacks was, indeed, a coping mechanism for whites.
Were it not for this, we could not treat the colored man as we do in our social and religious relations; we could not bear the moral and political inconsistency; we could not face either the world or our own convictions; we should have to shut our Bibles; we could not read, or bear to hear read, our Declaration of Independence. Thus are we compelled in self-defence to dehumanize the negro. It is demanded as an opiate to conscience. If they are truly a man, as we are men, then are we so greatly guilty.
* * *
Lewis ended their essay with a call for white Americans to stop evading the question, to ask themselves whether black lives matter or don't. Answering in the affirmative would require a radical reorganization of government, society, and the economy—indeed, a moral revolution; answering in the negative would require disposing with all professions of belief in liberty and equality, reneging on the promises of the Founding, dispensing with the idea of America itself. THE NATION IS READER FUNDED. YOUR SUPPORT IS VITAL TO OUR WORK. DONATE NOW!
We must meet the issue fairly, and settle it once and for ever, before we can deal with others that are collateral to it. We do not sufficiently think how vital and fundamental this question is. We are evading it. Some do this consciously, many unconsciously, and without any distinct idea of the nature and results of their reasoning.
To a great extent, Lewis added, light years ahead of their time, our deepest beliefs are revealed by the language we employ.
We talk humanely, or affect to do so, without seeming to be aware that the style we adopt, the arguments we employ, though seemingly in their favor, are really dehumanizing the subject to which they are applied. We do not speak or write thus concerning any other classes among us, however low we may think them in the outward social scale. Even when we advocate the cause of the African, we do it in a manner that would be thought insulting and utterly undemocratic in any other case. We use the language of masters and owners. The style of our ordinary questions betrays this. It is not what is due to them, as men equally with ourselves coming under the reciprocal obligation of the Golden Rule, but “what shall we do with them,” what shall we give or concede, or what shall we withhold…. The way in which we speak to the colored man, and of the colored man, shows an unconscious yielding to the anti-christian prejudice we are striving to overcome
Much has happened in the last 150 years: An empire has risen and begun to fall; Jim Crow came and went and has come again; seven years ago today, a black man was elected to the presidency. But so much has not changed. In the conversation over the past two years about racism in America, this much has become clear, at least with regard to whites: We still use the language of masters and owners. We are still reluctant to ask what is due to them. We still reiterate and reinscribe, at every single step, the prejudice we are striving to overcome.
Lewis, using the male pronoun typical of the time, noticed the same thing this very week in 1865:
There is a timidity, an apologetic pleading, that we would not think of adopting if we were advocating a right grounded on the clear conscious acknowledgment that those who are thus defended are really men, and have the same rights which our religious code, no less than our Declaration of Independence, challenges for all men.
Lewis said that they preferred not to dwell “on the fearful consequences” that “leaving this issue unsettled, or settled wrong, would have upon the most important aspects of human belief—its debasement of our politics, its degradation of our psychology.” A century and a half later, with our politics thoroughly debased and our psychology utterly degraded, maybe it's time to dwell on those consequences.
“The degradation of one part is the degradation of all,” Lewis wrote in the conclusion to their essay, “and hence the thought we would labor to impress, that every man has both a selfish and a fraternal interest in the elevation of every other man.”
Amen.
Toronto FC ace Sebastian Giovinco was forced off at the stroke of halftime against the Philadelphia Union due to an upper right leg injury, after the Atomic Ant suffered a hard tackle by Oguchi Onyewu.
TFC head coach Greg Vanney confirmed after the match that Giovinco had suffered an IT band contusion on their right leg, which is a bruise and not a broken bone or torn muscle, as feared.
Giovinco limped off with the help of the team doctor and Justin Morrow, but looked to be in serious pain, clutching their right leg for several minutes before being replaced by Tosaint Ricketts.
Toronto, down 1-0 at the time of the injury, then rounded off the first half with a penalty, which Jozy Altidore tucked home for the Reds' first goal of the year.
The con-artists at Fox News bleeped a video of Donald Trump to make it sound like they said "f*ck," despite the fact Trump only mouthed the word for dramatic effect.
While giving a speech in New Hampshire last week, Trump brought up the fact jobs are leaving America and places like New Hampshire for Mexico. After saying he's going to bring the jobs back, they said you can "tell them to go (then they mouthed the word fuck) themselves."
FOX decided this non-audible F-word was worthy of beeping. Gretchen Carlson played the clip yesterday right as Trump was on the line waiting to be interviewed for their show The Real Story. Fortunately, Trump was able to hear the audio and immediately called Fox out on their deceptive editing.
"I never said that word, I let a blank, there was a big blank there," Trump said.
"I don't know if that comes out, you blanked it, there was a blank there, I never said the word."
Here's the real version:
Here's Fox's edited version:
This is highly deceptive--Fox literally censored their self-censorship--there's no question they would have gotten away with it too if Trump wasn't on the line to point out their fraud.
H/t: Jim Hoft - Image source: Gage Skidmore
----------
Making my own series like RWBY.
Hit me with a
watch so you'll be first to see.
----------
Welp. My stock of these saved up has run out. No BlaCJaM this week because I had a lot of stuff to do for my own series. Yes, I'm animating my own series. Yes, you'll get to see a preview this year. I actually just talked with someone who worked on RWBY and we may be able to show you something in the next couple of months.In my head canon, Blake used to be a stone cold killer so even though Yang's story about their mom and Ruby in a little wagon was very touching, I'm pretty sure Blake could've stomped it with "I USED TO BE AN ASSASSIN". And yes, I realize they were wearing their regular clothes in the actual scene, I was just lazy.PS: I don't really ship bumblebee.
Turkey's accession to the European club may be a promise made in 1963, but there is no prospect of it ever happening – despite what Brexiters claim
It is now more than 50 years since Turkey was promised membership of the European club, and despite some cynical scaremongering in the UK during the EU referendum debate – with fears stoked that a country of 79 million might suddenly gain freedom of movement for its citizens across Europe – there is simply no sign that the old accession promise of 1963 will be upheld. When looking at relations between Turkey and Europe, it is important to take the long view – just as it is important to look at facts, and not let irrational passions drown out reason. Simply put: no one in Europe is ready to let Turkey in – now, or in the foreseeable future. Claiming otherwise is either ignorant, or deliberately misleading.
Long before Turkey's president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, put their country on an authoritarian path, opposition to the nation's membership of the EU was widely shared on the European continent. Take France: a decade ago its then president, Jacques Chirac, radically shifted away from their earlier pronouncements in favour of bringing Turkey closer to Europe, after fears about the populous Muslim country metaphorically turning up on France's doorstep were actively instrumentalised in French domestic politics.
And Germany: Angela Merkel has never been enthusiastic about Turkey's hopes of EU integration, and nor has their party, the Christian Democrats. When they almost singlehandedly negotiated a deal with Turkey in March to stem refugee flows to Europe, the prospect of EU membership was much more of a symbolic slogan than a plausible reality. There's a difference between the constructive ambiguity that diplomacy often tries to rely on, and genuine political will.
Long gone are the heady days of the 1990s when Turkey seemed to be on track towards political liberalisation, economic strength and EU prospects. It is true that Mr Erdoğan's Islamist-conservative party pushed for a rapprochement when it came to power in 2002, which allowed EU accession talks to begin formally in 2005. But since then, the process has all but stalled. Turkey's dismal human rights record, and its attitude to the long-running dispute with Cyprus, remain obvious obstacles. And whatever geopolitical arguments may have existed in the past about the advantages of bringing Turkey into the EU, the chaos in the Middle East has largely swept them away.
Then, there is the question of fast-tracking visa-free travel for Turkish citizens to Europe. Contrary to the claims of some voices in Britain, this was always more of an illusion than a serious prospect. For that part of March's deal to materialise, Turkey needed to meet 72 criteria by June, including the scrapping of anti-terrorism legislation which the Erdoğan regime has used to crush political dissent. On Wednesday the EU commission declared Turkey had missed the deadline.
Claims that Europe is about to be overrun by “millions” of Turks are outright lies. In any case, since Britain is not part of the Schengen passport-free area, it would not be directly affected by Turkish visa-free travel in the first place.
Turkey's accession into the EU may be an old promise, but circumstances have changed in ways that make its fulfilment as good as impossible for the foreseeable future. In any case, any EU member state could choose to veto it. Those are the facts: and in this case, facts are the best antidote to fear.
The Islamists' blitzkrieg in northern Iraq appears to have caught the international community by surprise. However, one should neither attribute this success to one single group, namely the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS), nor consider it totally unexpected. ISIS has long created a support base for itself in Mosul, and it was not the only organization — and perhaps not even the main one — to take over the city at lightning speed. Among six major groups, the Mujahideen Army especially stands out, and there is talk of the important role played by the Naqshbandiya group that has great influence among the Kurds and Turkmen. I doubt, however, that Baathists and former Iraqi military personnel played an equally significant role in the capture of part of the country by the terrorists.
Of course, it is not uncommon to find a "marriage of convenience" in politics. Yet, the civilizational positions of radical Islamic terrorists — who are "frozen in time" and have surpassed al-Qaeda in cruelty with their reprisals against those who do not accept their values — are irreconcilable with those of the secular nationalists, even if they have experienced some sort of re-Islamization in the opposition underground. And it is very convenient to blame it all on the Iraqi Baathists, including the Baathist regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, whom the Syrian opposition accused of supporting Islamic terrorists even before ISIS' offensive. Regardless, a religious platform such as the Naqshbandiya, with its Sufi undertones, can hardly be acceptable for ISIS extremists. If they are at war with Jabhat al-Nusra, then they would be at each other's throats even more with the Naqshbandis.
US President Barack Obama's decision to send 300 military advisers to Iraq and consider the possible use of air and rocket strikes on ISIS positions has confirmed the fact that in the mind of a significant part of the political establishment in Moscow, military force remains — perhaps to an even greater extent than before — an instrument of policymaking. Analysts are not surprised that along with opponents and skeptics, many in the United States appeared to support the direct involvement of US troops in the hostilities now ongoing in Iraq. They paid attention, in particular, to the words of the chairperson of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, who declared, "I think most important is that we take direct action now against ISIS."
In Moscow, what is happening is perceived as a repeat of the debates that took place in the United States before the invasion of Iraq in 2003. It has been suggested that the United States may possibly be drawn into the civil war in Iraq and the Levant, which would exacerbate the situation in the region. No one, however, is gloating over the failure that befell the large-scale operation — extremely costly in blood and treasure — that changed the regime and transformed the sociopolitical structure of one of the key countries in the Middle East. Moreover, if — with the active help of the Americans — the government in Baghdad succeeds in eradicating ISIS, this will serve Russia's interests — first, because it would reduce the direct threat to its security posed by the spread of terrorism in the Middle East, and second, it would ease the military pressure on Syria, creating the preconditions for the resumption of the peace process.
The roots of what is exacerbating the problem do not lie in the mistakes of Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, whom both Washington and Tehran — somewhat paradoxically — have always supported, but in the errors of the previous US administration. Nowadays, hardly anyone doubts that the three major blunders committed by the Americans in Iraq were the ban on the Baath Party, the dissolution of the army and the elimination of the state bureaucratic apparatus. It is clear why this was done: There were fears that these structures would be incapable of transformation and that, moreover, had they been maintained, they could exact revenge in the future. However, the main effective state institutions that were eliminated were the mainstay of the secular nationalist regime — despite all the hideousness of Saddam Hussein's brutal dictatorship, who brought grief both to a huge number of Iraqi citizens and to the citizens of neighboring Iran and Kuwait. As a result, a power vacuum spread in Iraq (not to mention the explosive mass of disgruntled highly skilled specialists) that the new rulers have failed to fill.
I believe that an equally serious mistake by the United States, however, was its reliance on religious identity. The George W. Bush administration started to implement a "Shiite project." Undoubtedly, under the former regime, the Shiites had been a discriminated-against "minority" that was in dire need of help. Still, this was not carried out by promoting a sort of national consensus, but by relying on the Shiite religious parties, namely the Islamic Dawa Party and the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq. In essence, the "Shiite project" was a religious one that could not but provoke a sharp rise in hostility among the different sects in Islam. Finally, the no-less-fair rehabilitation of the Kurds led to the creation of a Kurdish quasi-state in the country. As a result, social fragmentation increased, while the task of nation-building and the creation of a full-fledged nation-state in Iraq began to look quite illusory. By letting the sectarian genie out of the bottle, the United States doomed the country to internecine strife.
If today the US administration again instigates regime change in Iraq from the outside — now pushing out Maliki himself, who is certainly far from blameless — will this not lead only to renewed destabilization, as has happened elsewhere in the region?
Some Russian experts believe that, in a further and even sharper aggravation of the crisis of the Iraqi nation-state, the Iraqi Kurds could move toward a declaration of independence. Although this scenario is a nightmare for Turkey, it cannot be denied that the creation of a buffer state in the north of Iraq may serve Turkish interests, provided that it is loyal to Ankara and will not spread its influence on its brethren on the other side of the border.
There is no doubt that the success of the militants in Iraq increases the terrorist threat to Russia and reinforces its concern over the future, when "the boys come home." This is how Matthew Levitt put it in their American Foreign Policy Council article "Regional Implications of the War in Syria," drawing a parallel between the current situation with foreign fighters and the year 1993, when a report by the Bureau of Intelligence and Research at the US State Department described a similar threat emanating from the former mujahideen who had fought in Afghanistan.
Thus, Moscow's interest in developing cooperation with those countries that have experience in combating terrorism is growing. Among them there is also Israel, with whom relations have recently been on the upswing, despite serious disagreements on the Palestinian issue. It is appropriate to recall that, during the vote on the anti-Russian resolution on Crimea at the UN General Assembly on March 26, Israel was among those who did not participate in the vote, though this was explained as the result of a strike at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Some Israeli political scientists have even begun praising Moscow for its Syria policy. Avigdor Eskin writes in the Russian newspaper Izvestia June 18: "The accession of relative calm in Syria and the strategic convergence with Egypt can be considered two specific successes for Moscow."
I do not wish to make predictions, but I would like to hope that the US military aid to Iraq will contribute to a crushing blow to the most brutal and bloody terrorists. Still, no one can calculate today the possible costs of even a limited US military return to Iraq. Anthony Cordesman, as one of the top experts on the region, urges the United States to draw hard lessons from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan: "Never fall in love with the mission."
Availability Edit
In June 2010, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency of the United Kingdom licensed nabiximols as a prescription-only medicine for the treatment of spasticity due to multiple sclerosis. This regulatory authorization represents the world's first full regulatory approval for the medicine. The spray is being marketed in the UK by Bayer Schering Pharma. Many people with MS cannot receive nabiximols due to local National Health Service (NHS) resistance to its funding;[5][6] but, in August 2014, the NHS in Wales agreed to fund Sativex for people with multiple sclerosis.[7] Nabiximols was also approved in Spain for MS spasticity in the second half of 2010 and was launched in that country in March 2011. It was approved in the Czech Republic in April 2011, in Germany in May 2011, in Denmark in June 2011 and in Sweden in January 2012 to people with MS who have not responded adequately to other medication for spasticity.[8] It has also been recommended for approval in Italy and Austria with formal approvals expected in these countries during 2011. In Spain and other European markets (excluding the UK), nabiximols will be marketed by Almirall. In Canada, nabiximols has been approved by Health Canada for the treatment of MS spasticity. It has also received a licence with conditions (NOC/c) for two additional uses: as adjunctive treatment for the symptomatic relief of neuropathic pain in multiple sclerosis,[9] and also for pain due to cancer.[10][11] Nabiximols is available in a number of countries as an unlicensed medicine, which enables doctors to prescribe the product to people who they consider may benefit. The product has been exported from the UK to a total of 28 countries to date. In February 2007, GW and Otsuka Pharmaceutical announced an exclusive agreement for Otsuka to develop and market the drug in the United States. The first large scale US Phase IIb trial, Spray Trial, for people with cancer reported positive results in March 2010. GW and Otsuka have now commenced the Phase III development of nabiximols in cancer pain. In December 2012, Sativex was approved in Poland.[12] In 2013, France legalized the use of cannabinoids in medicine, Sativex is the first one to be sold under prescription.[13] Nevertheless, at least until June 2016, this drug was never actually sold in pharmacies there.[14]
Effectiveness Edit
Of the two preliminary Phase III studies investigating the treatment of people with MS, one showed a reduction of spasticity of 1.2 points on the 0–10 points rating scale (versus 0.6 points under placebo), the other showed a reduction of 1.0 versus 0.8 points. Only the first study reached statistical significance. The Phase III approval study consisted of a run-in phase where the response of individuals to the drug was determined. The responders (42% of subjects) showed a significant effect in the second, placebo controlled, phase of the trial.[15] A 2009 meta-analysis of six studies found large variations of effectiveness, with a – statistically non-significant – trend towards a reduction of spasticity.[16] A systematic review in 2014 by the American Academy of Neurology found that nabiximols was 'probably effective' for spasticity, pain, and urinary dysfunction, but wasn't supported for tremor.[17] Nabiximols has also been studied for cancer pain resistant to opioids. Adjuvant use was safe and effective in 3 trials for cancer pain,[18][19][20] however the drug failed to meet its primary endpoint for this purpose in its first Phase III trial.[21]
Side effects Edit
In early clinical trials, nabiximols has generally been well tolerated.[22][23][24] The most common adverse effects in Phase III trials were dizziness (25%), drowsiness (8%) and disorientation (4%); 12% of subjects stopped taking the drug because of the side effects. No investigations regarding the potential for dependence are available, but such a potential is unlikely considering the pharmacological properties of the two components.[15]
Licensing Edit
GW Pharmaceuticals were issued a unique license to cultivate cannabis for the manufacturing of Sativex in the UK, granting them the sole legal right to research in aerosolized cannabis derived therapeutics, which in April 2013 became commercially viable when the UK Government scheduled the Sativex formulation to part IV of the UK Drugs Act.[25]
See also Edit
The first time Jack Antonoff hit it big — more than a decade after they began touring as a teenager in crowded vans that often arrived at empty rooms — they walked away.
The band Fun. had started as a side project for Mr. Antonoff, a chronic multitasker. But by 2012, after placements in “Glee” and a Super Bowl ad sent the group's song “We Are Young” into the stratosphere, Mr. Antonoff found themselves experiencing “truly inhumane, goofy, ‘Almost Famous'-level” success, they recalled. Suddenly a platinum-selling act, Fun. toured arenas around the world and won Grammys for song of the year and best new artist. Then the band declined to make another album.
“I remember immediately — immediately — feeling like, ‘I don't want to play “We Are Young” when I'm 35,'” Mr. Antonoff said. “‘I don't want to be defined by this.'”
But their aversion wasn't to stardom, or even the burden of a megahit, which they still openly chases as a go-to producer and songwriter for those on the pop A-list, like Lorde and Taylor Swift. The problem was that Fun. was merely something Mr. Antonoff was a part of, they explained recently at their home studio in Brooklyn; they needed the music they made to be a part of him.
A rape victim from Tampa, Fla. who was denied emergency contraception by a jail guard can proceed with a lawsuit against the Hillsborough County Sheriff and a jail guard, a federal judge ruled this week.
Michele Spinelli cited their religious beliefs as the reason for declining to give the victim their pill, according to a complaint obtained by Courthouse News.
The victim, identified only as R.W. in court documents, went to a rape crisis center in Tampa after they were attacked in 2007. A doctor gave R.W. two emergency contraception pills. They took one immediately and was told to take the other one in 12 hours. But, during the course of filing a report against their attacker, a police officer learned that R.W. was wanted for failure to pay restitution and failure to appear.
They were taken to the Hillsborough County Jail where their pill was confiscated and, the next morning, Spinelli wouldn't hand it over.
Raw Story points out that, back in March, Judge Elizabeth Kovachevich ruled R.W. could not sue Hillsborough County Sheriff David Gee because they had no direct role in denying R.W. the morning after pill.
But, after R.W. submitted an amended complaint, Kovachevich changed their tune, noting that Gee had not spelled out a policy making it clear that Spinelli could not deny contraception pills.
Raw Story also notes that Florida's "Conscience Clause" prevents physicians and others people from being liable for refusing to give out contraception.
It's unclear what role that clause will play as R.W.'s lawsuit moves forward.
MEDIA, Pa. — A Philadelphia-area police corporal used a stun gun on a handcuffed teenager inside a jail cell, then sent a text message to a fellow officer in which they used the acronym LOL — for "laughing out loud," prosecutors said Thursday.
Colwyn police Cpl. Trevor Parham now faces misdemeanor charges of simple assault and official oppression in connection with the encounter involving the teen last month inside a borough police department jail cell. They were suspended while the encounter was being investigated.
According to the affidavit of probable cause, Parham used a stun gun on the handcuffed teen, then texted a fellow officer about the arrest, at one point writing that the teen was a "smart ass" who "got Tased in the cell lol."
Delaware County District Attorney John Whelan called Parham's conduct "offensive."
"It's certainly not funny, for anyone, be it a juvenile or a non-juvenile, who is handcuffed ... to be hit with a Taser weapon," Whelan said.
Parham was arraigned and released on $25,000 unsecured bail. Their attorney, Thomas Fitzpatrick, said they expect Parham to be exonerated.
"These accusations have disheartened him, certainly, but they are someone who has a rather spotless record as it pertains to any accusation of excessive force in their law enforcement career," Fitzpatrick said.
The investigation prompted Colwyn's mayor to suspend Parham and the department's acting chief — and to twice declare states of emergency — because they were unhappy the encounter wasn't reported to him.
Whelan said the actions of borough officials and other officers in connection with the encounter remain under investigation, but they declined to discuss specifics.
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region (Kurdistan24) – On Monday, Kurdish Security forces arrested an Iranian drug dealer along with a group of Kurdish dealers in the district of Sharazur, Halabja Province, Kurdistan Region.
In an announcement, the security of Sharazur revealed that they had arrested a group of drug dealers who had established a secret drug factory inside a house.
The security confiscated several substances inside the home that were used to create illegal drugs, specifically a drug called “Sisa.”
The arrested group included four people, one of whom holds an Iranian passport.
According to the security announcement, the Iranian was an expert in drug making. The other members of the group brought them inside the Region to create drugs so that they could sell them to consumers.
Recently, the Directorate of Drug Prevention in the Ministry of Interior released a statement revealing that since the beginning of 2016, security forces have confiscated 20 kilograms of opium, heroin, and cannabis in Erbil Province.
According to the report, 277 people were arrested for the dealing and consumption of drugs in the past six months.
On June 9, the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) deported over 150 foreigners in 2015 for consuming and trafficking illegal narcotics in the Region, according to the Erbil Drug Prevention Directorate.
Additionally, the Directorate's statistics reveal that almost 500 people have been detained in Erbil in 2015, including five women.
“Drug abusers will be punished with a minimum of one year in prison,” Kurdish Lawyer Shakhawan Mohammad Omar told Kurdistan24 before.
“The punishment is much higher for the drug dealers,” they added.
The photos below are of the confiscated substances that were used in creating illegal drugs by the arrested group.
Editing by Karzan Sulaiavny
Online Nursing Programs For those people interested in a career in nursing, there are a lot of options. One way to get a start in a nursing career is to participate in one of the many LPN programs available. Once you have an LPN qualification, you can continue your nursing education while you work. Many schools even offer online nursing degree programs for nurses who wish to further their careers by gaining higher degrees. LPN programs are usually offered through technical schools, junior colleges, community colleges, and vocational schools. These programs typically last from one to two years and prepare students to perform nursing tasks under the supervision of RNs and physicians. Another option for those wishing to get a start in a nursing career is to get a BSN nursing degree. RNs and LPNs can go through special shortened versions of BSN nursing degree programs that take into account the experience they have already. Online BSN nursing programs are also available for nurses who would like to further their career without quitting their jobs or attending on campus degree programs. This is the first level of online nursing programs that nurses can take advantage of. Online BSN nursing programs are only available to LPNs and RNs. Online Masters in nursing programs are starting to become more and more popular, and they are now offered in a wide variety of disciplines. Many well known conventional universities now offer online options as well as on campus options for their master's programs. Many people prefer to attend the best universities when they are earning degrees. The US News & World Report website has a list of the top ranked nursing schools, including those that are best in different specialties. However, there are more things to consider when choosing a nursing program than whether it has one of the top rankings. Masters nursing programs are a great way to qualify for advanced nursing positions. When you are choosing which master's nursing program to attend, you need to make sure the programs you are considering have the specialty you would like, since these programs are very specialized. Online nursing masters are also available, and many well known universities have options for online nursing programs in at least one or two specialties. Nursing informatics courses are available as a specialization for online nursing programs that lead to a master's degree, as well as those that lead to a master's level certificate. There are even online PhD nursing program options for those nurses that wish to take online nursing programs to the highest level. Online Nursing Programs
Philadelphia MOVE Bombing Still Haunts Survivors
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bettmann/Corbis Bettmann/Corbis
After MOVE: A Father's Story Hear Andino Ward Tell Their Story The MOVE bombing devastated the city of Philadelphia. But for one father, Andino Ward, it returned to them their long-lost son, the sole child to survive the bombing of the MOVE house. For years, father and son guarded their privacy, but Ward agreed to talk to NPR's Laura Sullivan.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bettmann/Corbis Bettmann/Corbis
Twenty years ago, Philadelphia's Osage Avenue was the site of a stunning use of force by city police. After a long standoff, police dropped a bomb on the headquarters of a radical group called MOVE, sparking a fire that gutted a neighborhood and left 11 people dead. Five were children.
MOVE was a radical cult-like group that preached revolution, advocating a return to nature and a society without government, police or technology. The group took up residence on Osage Avenue, a quiet tree-lined street of tidy row houses. Except for the MOVE house. The windows and doors of 6221 Osage Ave. were barricaded with plywood. The group hoarded weapons, built a giant wooden bunker on the roof and used a bullhorn to scream obscenities all hours of the night.
Frustrated neighbors turned to city officials for help. On the morning of May 13, 1985, dozens of Philadelphia police, firefighters and city officials amassed around the MOVE house to force the group out. A standoff ensued, as MOVE members bunkered down inside the house exchanged gunfire with police outside. At 5:30 that evening, a Philadelphia police helicopter dropped a bomb onto the roof of the house in an effort to drive MOVE members out.
Accounts differ on why the fire wasn't snuffed out, despite the dozen fire trucks surrounding the block. Ramona Africa, the sole surviving adult in the house, says police fired on MOVE members as they tried to escape the burning house. Police say the MOVE members ran in and out of the house firing at them. Police ordered their officers and firefighters to stay back. What is clear is that four hours later, 61 houses on the block were gone, and everyone inside the MOVE house, except for Ramona Africa and a 13-year-old boy, was dead.
Reporter Laura Sullivan talks to survivors of that day -- MOVE members, Osage Avenue residents and the city officials, firefighters and police who continue to be haunted by the tragedy.
Panasonic Posted on Apr 18, 2016 in Featured
Today's Post by Mark Toal
Once in a while I find a camera that is such a pleasure to use that it goes everywhere with me. And to me, size and ease of use are as important as image quality. Since I work for Panasonic I'm not going to review the new Lumix GX85—you can read my first impressions here— but I want to share why it's my new carry everywhere camera.
My previous two favorite cameras were the Lumix LX7 and GX7. Both cameras fit in my hand perfectly and were light and small enough to always have with me. I like to talk long walks in the cities where I travel to for work so a camera needs to be light enough to carry for at least an hour.
Image quality is still important. The iPhone 6 in my pocket takes a great photo and is always competing for my attention. I find that the GX85 with the 12-32mm kit lens and the small 35-100mm lens cover almost everything I find to shoot.
I also like a camera to be small enough to hide under a baseball hat on the passenger seat of my car so it's always available. The photo of the glass building at sunset was shot from my car window while I was at a stoplight. The image of the flour mill was shot at ISO 6400 from a windy, freezing balcony at the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis.
Take a look at these photos that I shot in Minneapolis and then check out the GX85 when it hits stores next month. You can see more photos from my travels on my photo blog at: https://mtoallumiximages.wordpress.com/
Along with Barry Staver, Joe is co-author of Better Available Light Digital Photography that's now out-of-print but new copies are available at collector (high) prices or used copies for giveaway prices—less than six bucks—from Amazon.
Norwegian authorities are offering a "bonus" 10,000 kroner (£1,000) to asylum seekers willing to leave the country voluntarily.
The Norwegian Directorate of Immigration (UDI) says the measure is less expensive than keeping refugees in immigration centres in the country.
Launched on Monday, the scheme will run for six weeks, state broadcaster NRK reported UDI saying.
The money will be paid to the first 500 asylum seekers to apply on a first-come, first-served basis.
“We need to entice more [people] to voluntarily travel back by giving them a bit more money on their way out. This will save us a lot of money because it is expensive to have people in the asylum centres,” Sylvi Listhaug, integration minister, said.
The 10,000 kroner would be in addition to the 20,000 kroner already given to asylum seekers and migrants in an irregular situation who wish to return voluntarily from Norway to their country of origin.
For those of us aging fast, it is nice to know that one the most beautiful faces in the world is more than 3,300 years old.
That face is on the bust of Queen Nefertiti, the wife of Pharaoh Akhenaten, whose reign in Egypt spanned 1353–1336 BCE. This famous artifact, 44 pounds and life-size, has a layer of painted gypsum stucco over a full-featured limestone core. It was discovered a century ago in the ruins of an ancient artist's studio in Amarna, south of Cairo. First made public in 1924, it fast became an icon of feminine beauty.
A slender, smooth neck gives way to skin the color of golden sand. Then come full, red lips; a dramatic, sloping nose; almond eyes; and arching, dark eyebrows. Above the face is a colorful, back-sweeping, cylindrical crown. It's a lot for the eye to take in, especially since the work was likely just an artist's model, and never intended for display.
Found scattered through the same studio were 22 plaster casts of faces. Some depict older women with every wrinkle and sag, an artistic anomaly in a culture that stylized women as slender and beautiful. (Nefertiti's image beneath the stucco, recent CT scans show, was more realistic: a woman with lesser cheekbones, wrinkled cheeks, and a bump on the nose.)
But the world sees just the surface. The face “is part of our culture,” said French Egyptologist Alain Zivie in a Harvard lecture last Thursday, “like a picture of Che Guevara or Einstein or the Mona Lisa in Paris.”
The discovery of the bust in Amarna in 1912 is one of archaeology's signature moments. A famous photograph depicts German Egyptologist Ludwig Borchardt getting a first look at the life-size bust. “Suddenly we had the most alive Egyptian artwork in our hands,” they wrote in their diary. “You cannot describe it with words. You can only see it.” (He kept the bust in their Berlin home for 11 years before moving it to Berlin's Neues Museum.)
Yet who created the famous bust, and sculpted and painted the famous face? It was Thutmose, who in their day styled themselves “the king's favorite and master of works.”
The lecture, “Discovering the Egyptian Queen Nefertiti's Artist,” reminded the audience of Pharaoh Akhenaten's official court sculptor, a man whom Zivie has styled “the Michelangelo of ancient Egypt.” The talk was a testament to Egyptology's durable drawing power (or perhaps Nefertiti's). Fong Auditorium was full, from the front row to the top tier. (Co-sponsoring the event were the Semitic Museum and Harvard's Standing Committee on Archaeology.)
The lecture was also a testament to Zivie's current academic interest: to prove that the Thutmose of the studio in Amarna is the same as the Thutmose whose tomb they discovered farther north in Saqqara. Zivie was nearly 33 minutes into their 51-minute talk before they mentioned Nefertiti. “Of course, we come to the lady, the icon,” they said, teasing the audience first with a picture of the bust from behind.
It was Zivie who discovered Thutmose's presumptive tomb in 1996 while helping to excavate what initially were believed to be just subterranean galleries for mummified cats and dogs. (Egyptian animal cults had flourished in Saqqara.) Tombs, they said, “are sometimes small holes,” and may be hard to identify for what they are. Thutmose's was small and it stank, said Zivie, and was “not very attractive at first.”
The area of the Thutmose tomb is called Bubasteion, which is now less about mummified pets (thought to number in the millions) and “more and a more New Kingdom necropolis,” said Zivie, the director of the French Archaeological Mission of the Bubasteion and this year a visiting scholar at Harvard's Semitic Museum.
Zivie made their case for the historical Thutmose, a man they called “an exceptional artist who made their own tomb.” They showed their audience the inside. To the left are three preserved painted walls that form a sort of autobiographical triptych. “It's a lifetime passing by,” they said of the pictures, which include Thutmose, their wife, and children.
Zivie showed one slide that was a detail of “the wife of the master, painted by himself,” which “is so moving.” So was the depiction of the artist and their wife, in full face and figure, painted together on a double coffin. “It's moving because we know it is Thutmose himself,” said Zivie. “He painted themselves dead.”
Central to the triptych is what Zivie called a metaphor of the artist's life, a small horizontal palette of many colors, similar to the one of ivory found in the studio in Amarna. It was with paint, they said, that the master gave to sculptures “the final touch of life.”
Is it truly the tomb of Thutmose, the artist whose name hovers behind Nefertiti's memorable face? At lecture's end, Zivie admitted “the story is unfinished.” The jury of scholars is still out, later agreed Peter Der Manuelian, Harvard's Phillip J. King Professor of Egyptology and director of the Semitic Museum. “More evidence would be nice, but the contemporaneity works.”
From the audience, Egyptologist Jacquelyn Williamson said during a lively question-and-answer period that, “You have me 98 percent convinced.” Williamson is a Harvard Divinity School affiliate and a specialist in the Amarna Period, when Nefertiti lived.  They are a visiting lecturer in Women's Studies and Near Eastern Studies and in spring will teach a course on gender and sexuality in cultures pre-dating the Bible.
Zivie made their last trip to the Saqqara site last November. It was cut short by Egypt's political turmoil. But they made the audience an offer. “You are welcome when you pass [by] in Egypt,” said Zivie of the artist's tomb, “to see with your own eyes.”
Loblaw Companies Ltd. confirmed Wednesday it is eliminating 275 positions in management and administration at the company. “This move is part of our commitment to becoming a more agile company better prepared to compete in the marketplace and with a continued focus on our customers' experience in our stores,” said Melinda Metcalfe, Loblaw's public relations director.
Loblaw has been facing increasing competition in the marketplace as Walmart has grown its grocery offering and Target has entered the market, offering a selection of fresh and prepared foods for shoppers. ( Aaron Vincent Elkaim / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
“Specifically, it's part of our effort to improve our administration, in both process and cost, by eliminating duplication, reducing expenses and driving efficiencies with a leaner structure. We believe this move will improve the way Loblaw operates.” Approximately 200 of the positions are at the Brampton head office. There is very little impact to stores, they added. Shortly after news of the layoffs was released, Loblaw Companies Ltd's stock priced surged, ending the day up $1.08 to $47.09, a jump of 2.35 per cent
Article Continued Below
“A key to our long-term success will be our steadfast commitment to managing administrative costs and improving processes while we continue to invest in strategies that focus on our customer.” Exactly a year before Wednesday's announcement, Loblaws eliminated 700 payroll and administration jobs from its Brampton head office. That day Perry Caicco, managing director of CIBC World Markets, wrote a note to investors pointing out that the layoffs wouldn't save much money since Loblaws would likely outsource the jobs they had cut. They also seemed to foreshadow Wednesday's layoffs. “…the company will struggle to re-assign eliminated roles in a productive fashion,” they wrote last year. “In other words, we believe the risk of poor head office execution and service to stores will be high for at least 12 months.” But in the intervening year Loblaws stock price shot up, gaining $13.21 since the close of trading last Oct. 16.
The layoffs come two weeks after the Loblaw-owned clothing line Joe Fresh signaled an aggressive global expansion by hiring Mario Grauso, formerly head of the Vera Wang group, to guide the growth of its apparel brand. And they come as the company continues to bicker with unions at its outlets across Canada. On Tuesday, a group of unionized workers locked out and on strike from Loblaw properties in Quebec traveled to Toronto to protest the work stoppages at Loblaw stores and the head office in Brampton.
Article Continued Below
In June, Loblaw was fined $5,000 after the Quebec Labour Relations Board ruled the company had interfered in organizing and negotiated in bad faith with a union at a store in Rouyn-Noranda. In July, the company announced the $12.4 billion acquisition of Shoppers Drug Mart, a move that would provide a broader network of retailers for its President's Choice products, while strengthening the in-store pharmacies at Loblaw outlets. That merger is still awaiting approval from the Competition Bureau. Loblaw has been facing increasing competition in the marketplace as Wal-Mart has grown its grocery offerings and Target has entered the market, offering a selection of fresh and prepared foods for shoppers.
Read more about:
Remember one of the earliest Art of the Day posts we did on ZNN? With Robin Hood? Apparently the official Disney animators had a similar idea, and even animated Nick in the famous green getup at one point!
At D23, Renato Dos Anjos, head animator of Zootopia, and Kira Lehtomaki, lead animator for Judy Hopps, gave a panel on how they went about animating all the animals found in Zootopia- Especially how they animated their motion and kept it animal-like. Plus, we get to see the original video footage of John Lasseter eating the tiny cake, (which they used to model Nick's actions in the movie), and Judy going full-on startled rabbit. It's great!
HUGE thanks to Cimar of Turalis / Wildehopps, who acted as ZNN's semi-official correspondant throughout the D23 event! They got us a lot of things for post-D23 articles, so expect some cool stuff from them over the next couple of days!
Check it out after the break!
(this video is the longer one, with most of the presentation)
An incident occurred recently at The Vortex that has become a topic of conversation on social media. To help avoid any misinformation, the following is our official statement.
On July 6, 2017, we received a complaint, via email, from a customer named Kristina. In their email they conveyed a story about receiving poor service on the previous day, from a server named Gaven. They felt that Gaven's negative attitude may have reflected a racist attitude on their part. They further explained, that due to their dissatisfaction with their service, instead of adding a tip in the tip line of their credit card slip, they wrote “Treat everyone the same.” They further reported that after they had left The Vortex, apparently Gaven had shared the note on Kristina's charge slip with their boyfriend Patrick, who happened to be dining in Gaven's section at the same time. After reading Kristina's message, it seems that Patrick took it upon themselves to find Kristina on Facebook and proceeded to send their hostile and ignorant messages, which were saved in screen shots.
At this point I think it's important to clarify that Gaven had only been employed at The Vortex for a matter of weeks. And Patrick has never been employed by us at all. At The Vortex, we have developed a detailed set of training materials regarding proper service and acceptable employee behavior. Of course, none of Gaven's behavior was acceptable, or condoned by us.
We rely on our loyal patrons to make us aware of any bad behavior they may witness on the part of our staff. This gives us the opportunity to investigate these situations, and take whatever corrective action is appropriate. Being attentive to the concerns of our customers has helped us maintain a quality experience for all of our guests over the past 25 years. Below is the email reply, sent out on the same day (7/6/17) by one of The Vortex co-owners:
“Kristina,
We sincerely appreciate you bringing this issue to our attention. Our goal has always been to foster an atmosphere of fun and mutual respect at The Vortex. We completely agree with the sentiment “treat everyone the same” and strictly demand it of our staff, with no exceptions. It seems as though we did not deliver on that promise during your recent visit. Gaven is a new employee who apparently does not understand our mission. In no event will we ever tolerate our patrons being bullied or harassed by anyone, including friends or family of our staff. We take this matter very seriously and will be taking swift corrective action. Rest assured, Gaven and Patrick will not be allowed to return to The Vortex. We hope this will not deter you from patronizing The Vortex again in the future. We would be happy to provide you with a Vortex Gift Certificate in an attempt to apologize for this unfortunate experience.”
The General Manager then followed-up with a phone call to Kristina, to make sure that they had received the owner's reply, and to get a mailing address for the Gift Certificate, which was sent out immediately. In an attempt to avoid the chance of allowing Gaven the opportunity to upset any more customers, the General Manager then called them in on their day off to serve them with a separation notice. Their employment was terminated for gross misconduct, with the understanding that they are not welcome to return to the premises. Because Patrick is not an employee, we had our attorney draft a notice of criminal trespass, which was sent to Patrick explaining that they are also no longer allowed on our property.
Unfortunately, some people are just awful. So, all we can do is just keep trying to be good to one another.
CUSTOMER UPDATE (7/27/17):
The customer that had notified us of the poor service they received posted a follow-up comment on their Facebook page about this matter on July 26, 2017. The pertinent quote is as follows: “Since sharing this story and hearing from another patron that also had a terrible experience with the same waiter, I determined The Vortex incident was more of a customer service issue rather than a race issue.”
0 0 0
This margherita flatbread pizza is one of the quickest and yummiest ways to enjoy pizza. Grab a store-bought flatbread pizza crust, jazz it up with your favorite toppings and wait for just 10 minutes while it bakes in the oven. And did I tell you that this pizza recipe doesn't call for any sauce for the topping base? The crispy thin crust and the fresh combination of tomato-garlic-basil topping make it taste so satisfying that you hardly miss the sauce! This pizza recipe is particularly great to satisfy sudden pizza craving or when you have some surprise guests to feed.
Margherita Flatbread Pizza By ruchi Skill Scale: Easy
Serving: 2-3
Prep Time: 5-10 minutes
Cook Time: 10 minutes
Ingredients flatbread pizza crust - 12-inch, (store bought)
olive oil - 1 tsp, (or less)
mozzarella cheese
tomatoes - 2
basil - fresh, (thinly sliced)
clove garlics - 2
salt - (optional)
black pepper - (optional)
red pepper flakes - (optional) Instructions Preheat oven to 450 F degrees. Brush or spray olive oil over flatbread. Sprinkle the garlic slices over flatbread. Top with mozzarella cheese and sliced tomatoes and 6-7 pieces of basil and then top with mozzarella cheese. Season with salt and pepper (This is optional). Bake for 10 minutes or until bubbly. Sprinkle fresh basil on top. Serve with red pepper flakes (optional) NOTE - Step-by-Step Photos below. Print
Step-by-Step Photos: Margherita Flatbread Pizza
1. Preheat oven to 450 F degrees. Cut the vegetables.
2. Brush or spray olive oil over flatbread.
3. Sprinkle the garlic slices over flatbread.
4. Top with mozzarella cheese.
5. Top with sliced tomatoes
6. 6-7 pieces of basil and then top with mozzarella cheese.
7. Bake for 10 minutes or until bubbly.
8. Sprinkle fresh basil on top.
TROON, Scotland -- Phil Mickelson came within a lip-out of golf history Thursday, shooting an 8-under-par 63 at Royal Troon during the first round of The Open.
Mickelson, 46, who won The Open at Muirfield three years ago, had an 18-footer for birdie at the 18th that appeared to be going in, cut the right lip and spun out. No player has ever shot 62 in a major championship.
Phil Mickelson came SO close to a low major score of 62 #TheOpen pic.twitter.com/n91YpkelLG — The Open (@TheOpen) July 14, 2016
"It was one of the best rounds that I've played. I mean, nothing will match that final round at Muirfield, but it was one of the best rounds I've ever played. I was able to take advantage of these conditions, and yet I want to shed a tear right now,'' Mickelson said. "That putt on 18 was an opportunity to do something historical. I knew it, and with a foot to go I thought I had done it. I saw that ball rolling right in the center. I went to go get it, I had that surge of adrenaline that I had just shot 62, and then I had the heartbreak that I didn't and watched that ball lip out. It was, wow, that stings.
"It really stings to have a chance. It's such a rare opportunity to do something historic like that and ... if I had just hit a weak flail-off and never had a chance and left it short, so be it. But this ball was hunting right in the center and didn't go. It was just heartbreaking."
The miss was reminiscent of Mickelson's attempt to shoot 59 at the 2013 Waste Management Phoenix Open. They had a similar-length putt on the final green of the first round that lipped out.
It was just too much for Phil's caddie. #TheOpen pic.twitter.com/tmeO76iS1Y — The Open (@TheOpen) July 14, 2016
"This one's going to stay with me for a while because of the historical element of the major championships,'' they said. "There are a lot of guys that have shot 63, but nobody has shot that 62. That would have been really something special. I'm just not going to have opportunities like that to do that. So to have that putt lip out, that's going to sting for a while.
"But the 59, I mean, I haven't shot 59 in a tour event, but I have shot 58s and 59s before at other rounds. That 59 in Hawaii for the Grand Slam of Golf back in like '05, I've done that, and I'll have opportunities under the right conditions. Maybe next year's CareerBuilder, if we have perfect weather in Palm Springs, you could shoot 59 there.
"But the opportunity to shoot 62 and be the first one to do it, I just don't think that's going to come around again, and that's why I walk away so disappointed."
Three-time Open champion Jack Nicklaus praised Mickelson's effort, and then recalled their own bid at 62 at the 1980 U.S. Open.
"I watched some of Phil's round today and every time I turned around, they holed a putt," Nicklaus Tweeted. "To play Royal Troon with no bogeys is a great round of golf. Well done, Phil! I almost hate to remind myself of this, but I missed a putt of just a couple feet at Baltusrol in 1980 to miss out on 62. In your case, Phil, you made a beautiful read and putt on that last hole, but got absolutely stone-cold robbed."
Mickelson's 63 is the 28th in major championship history and the ninth at The Open. The last was by Rory McIlroy in 2010 at St. Andrews.
A five-time major champion, Mickelson missed the cut at the Masters and U.S. Open this year. They lead Patrick Reed and Martin Kaymer by 3 strokes.
Americans dominated the leaderboard Thursday. Reed was second at minus-5 after a 66. Zach Johnson, Justin Thomas, Steve Stricker, Keegan Bradley, Tony Finau and Billy Horschel followed at 4 under.
From the 'Open to Code' files:
There are a lot of different metrics to validate the health of an open source project. In my opinion, one of the most critical is the number of different code authors.
The open source OpenStack cloud platform this week has crossed a key threshold in that regard, now boasting 1,006 different source code authors (from the period of May 2010 to June 3, 2013).
Huzzah! That's a non-trivial accomplishment.
Just for some comparison though, the Linux kernel (a larger and older project) passed 7,800 developers in 2012.
Drilling down into the data that OpenStack (true to its nature) keeps very open - in the last month alone there were 313 unique authors and 2,512 code commits. In total aggregate lines of code that translates into 914,334 lines of code that were added and 429,700 lines of code that were removed.
Earlier this year, at the time of the Grizzly release, stats were available that detailed where the contributions were coming from. For the Grizzly release, Red Hat topped the list, with 836 commits across core OpenStack projects and 1,854 commits across all OpenStack projects. Red Hat developers added 121,632 lines code and remove 87,145 lines of code.
Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at InternetNews.com. Follow them on Twitter @TechJournalist.
From the secret files of Dr. Delphine Cormier, comes this ultimate guide to all of the characters, conspiracies, and shadowy organizations in the smart, innovative BBC America television thriller Orphan Black.
Designed to resemble the classified files and notes of Dr. Delphine Cormier, this in-world compendium chronicles the inner workings of the mysterious people and organizations at the heart of the acclaimed hit television series Orphan Black. A detailed and creative look at the thrilling international hit series, Orphan Black Classified Clone Report includes detailed dossiers of Sarah Manning, Felix Dawkins, and all of the show's beloved characters; examines every twist and turn from season one to the present; provides exclusive information on the Dyad Institute, the Neolution clone program, and the notorious Proletheans; and features observations of the different clones from their monitors, classified intelligence, breakthroughs in Cosima's research, and private journal entries chronicling Delphine's experience with the clone club and their own complicated love for Cosima.
Packed with exclusive concept art, photos, and intriguing removable inserts and ephemera, Orphan Black Classified Clone Report is an immersive reading experience and essential companion for fans of Orphan Black.
It's business as usual for Vernon Davis when he's on the field with San Francisco 49ers teammates, but off-the-field family issues have taken their toll on the star tight end.
Michael Davis, Vernon's 19-year-old brother, was charged with first-degree murder in Washington, D.C., in the May beating death of a 64-year-old tourist from Colorado named Gary Dederichs. Michael Davis, who has battled mental illness issues and is also facing charges related to two other random attacks -- was ruled incompetent to stand trial and is confined at a hospital for further evaluation.
Davis flew back east to be with their grandmother after the arrest, but they quickly returned so they could turn their focus to work.
"It's pretty frustrating, it's stressful," Davis told the Bay Area News Group in their first extended public comments on the situation. "But at the end of the day, I'm my own man, regardless of what my little brother does or what they did. It's him. He's got to live with that. I don't have to live with that."
Davis said it broke their heart when they heard about their brother's arrest.
"But I had to keep going," they said. "I had to pick my head up and just keep on walking. Can't let that affect me."
The details of Michael Davis' mental state and alleged behavior are pretty chilling, and it's understandable why Vernon is trying to not let their mind get too cluttered by a tragic situation back home.
Vernon's other younger brother, Vontae Davis, is a cornerback for the Miami Dolphins.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has now earned $1.940 billion worldwide
Star Wars: The Force Awakens continued its record-setting run this weekend crossing $1.940 billion globally. Earlier this week, it surpassed Jurassic World to become the 4th highest grossing film of all-time, now at $1,060.7 million. Strong international holds were highlighted by Japan, where it has held the #1 position for six consecutive weekends.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens added $14.3 million domestically in second place and $23.3 million internationally for a total of $37.6 million globally for the weekend. The J.J. Abrams-directed film has now earned $879.3 million in North America and $1.060 billion internationally for a worldwide total of $1.940 billion. Domestically, Star Wars: The Force Awakens is the #1 movie of all-time. Globally, Star Wars: The Force Awakens is the #3 movie of all-time, trailing just Titanic ($2.186 billion) and Avatar ($2.788 billion).
Herea are the highlights of key international territories:
UK $173.3M
China $112.7M
Germany $103.5M
France $85.0M
Japan $80.0M
Australia $63.4M
Spain $34.6M
Italy $28.2M
Mexico $27.4M
Brazil $27.3M
Russia $25.8M
Korea $24.1M
Other $275.4M
Total $1,060.7M
You can view more weekend box office estimates at ComingSoon.net.
This post has been updated at 10pm ET on November 15. Scroll down to read the update.
The latest rampage by rageaholic - and ultra-talented, btw - actor Alec Baldwin is on display at TMZ.com (click above to watch). After winning a case against a stalker, Baldwin saw fit to scream at and threaten a shutterbug on the streets of New York.
During the episode, Baldwin refers to the photographer as a "cocksucking fag," an insult that calls to mind a previous incident in which the 30 Rock alum and current MSNBC host threatened to foot-fuck a "toxic little queen" and "a toxic little bitch" who had libeled their wife.
While giving no quarter to what they see as invasive photographers, Baldwin has checked in with advisers and concludes
This tweet came just hours after Baldwin had tweeted "Anti-gay slurs are wrong. They not only offend, but threaten hard fought tolerance of LGBT rights."
And not long after Baldwin had tweeted (and duly deleted) this slag on "libertarian trash" who defend gays:
I can't speak for the Breitbart crowd (though Andrew Breitbart was certainly a staunch supporter of gay equality) but the "libertarian trash" at Reason has been defending gay rights since the magazine's earliest days in the late 1960s. In fact, when mainstream liberal and conservative publications were still arguing over whether homosexuality should be decriminalized, we were already talking about marriage equality. If the state is going to involve itself in marriage (and it shouldn't) among consenting adults, it should not draw invidious distinctions and treat some people as second-class citizens.
I'd like to think that Alec Baldwin can understand that about "libertarian trash." But if their now-you-see-it, now-you-don't Twitter feed is any indication, he's already on to more important topics, such as conflating "single-bullet theorists" with minimum-wage flat-earthers:
Update (10pm ET, November 15): According to Variety, Alec Baldwin's MSNBC show, Up Late, has been suspended for two weeks. The suspension comes not because of the event described above but due to a threat and insult Baldwin made to a reporter for a local New York Fox affiliate earlier this week. Along with other journalists hovering around Baldwin after their testimony against their stalker, the Fox reporter asked them questions. To which Baldwin responded
“If you're still here when my wife and kid come out, you're going to have a big problem, you know that?” They then insulted the reporter, saying, “You are as dumb as you look. You are with Fox, right?”
More here.
By Joshua Albert
(Editor's note: This post has been changed to correct erroneous information. Only one protester was tasered, not two.)
Following several days of rallies in Philadelphia and around the country, local radical activists put out a call for a “FTP” (fuck the police) march on Saturday night, to be staged after a separate vigil for Michael Brown, an 18 year-old killed by a Ferguson, MO police officer. Brown was unarmed, and according to a family-ordered autopsy, had been shot 6 times including twice in the head. Witnesses report that they were shot with their hands held in the air.
At 7:30 PM activists from several community organizing groups in Philadelphia gathered for a vigil and brief discussion in Clark Park. The crowd of around 150 discussed the tense situation in Ferguson, and the organizational efforts currently taking place around the city to help combat police brutality, and the general trend of militarization by police departments. The vigil lasted for about a half hour and was peaceful.
Following the vigil a group of approximately 60 persons not connected with the meeting at Clark Park, including a small group of about seven 9-13 year olds, rallied for a march to an undisclosed location to speak out against police in general. FTP marches are traditionally used by more outspoken “anti police state” activists who feel that vigils and discussions are not enough to bring public awareness to the issue to spark significant change.
The march started at 44th and Baltimore Ave and quickly became antagonistic. The march was initially being led by a small group of younger kids, who took the opportunity to punch a few cars and jump on top of a cab. Soon after, other protesters started to move dumpsters and trash cans onto Baltimore Avenue, a common protest tactic used to obstruct traffic. Cops quickly began to respond and immediately had trash can lids, trash cans, and balloons full of paint thrown at them and their cars, which only intensified the scene, sending it into scattered chaos.
Swarms of police then arrived, scattering protesters into nearby allies and corners, conducting a high stakes game of cat and mouse.
“Arrest that guy in all black,” said one of the police officers, which then led to a two-block chase. (It should be noted that all of the protesters were wearing all black.) When the officer got close enough, the protester was tazed twice and detained. It was unclear what they had specifically done to spark that chase, and as of time of writing their charges are unavailable.
Several blocks away back on Baltimore Ave, another protester was also arrested. Bystanders said it appeared the police were just picking whoever they saw wearing all black. The two protesters were both taken to Mercy Hospital, a standard police operating procedure following an officer involved tazing. The two were then taken to the 18th district police HQ where they are currently awaiting further legal proceedings.
Advertisements
This article is about the recreational form of cricket. For information about the French national cricket team, see France national cricket team
Australia. French Cricket. Note upward scooping of bat and legs held close together by batter. Game being played at Jervis Bay
French cricket is a form of cricket that creates a game similar to catch.[1] The game can be played socially at picnics and parties or on parks and beaches.[2] It is an ideal form of cricket that can include children of varied ages. All participants don't need to be fully involved, and spectators can make a catch and have a bat (informally).
Game play [ edit ]
There is only one batsman, and their objective is to not be dismissed by the other participants — who are fielders, or a bowler if they have possession of the ball — for as long as possible. The objective of the other participants is to dismiss the batsman. There are only two methods of dismissal, being caught or being "Leg Before Wicket", but as there are no stumps, this method of dismissal is effected by a bowled ball hitting the batsman's legs typically below the knees. Once the batsman is dismissed, the other participant who took the catch or effected the LBW typically replaces them as batsman, and the game-play begins again. There are many varieties of additional rules. The batsman may be obliged to stay with their legs in the same place , facing the same way for the whole of their innings; they may remain in the same place but be permitted to change their stance if they effect a shot by hitting the ball; or, they may be able to freely move around after playing a shot. The batsman may also score runs in some variations of the game.
Rules [ edit ]
The batsman stands stationary with the bat protecting their legs, their legs being the "stumps" of formal cricket.[3] Whichever other player has the ball throws it at the batsman attempting to dismiss them by hitting their legs. If the batsman hits the ball, the other participants may also dismiss the batman by a catch.[4][5]
Players [ edit ]
French cricket is most commonly played by children, or mixed groups of children and adults. Adults sometimes play the game as an event diversion during outdoor parties or on picnics.[4] If the game is played more seriously, players take turns to bat and the player who batted for the most balls or the longest time is considered the winner.
Equipment [ edit ]
The type of equipment is not restricted to cricket equipment, but there are only two items used. The ball is typically a tennis ball, bowled underarm at the legs of another player holding a cricket bat, a tennis racquet, or some other object that can be used as like a cricket bat.
Batting [ edit ]
The player holding the bat, the batsman, is required to block and defend their "wicket", with the batsman's legs taking the place of the stumps. The batsman is not allowed to move their legs, and in some variants, the batsman can only hit the ball in a direct upward or scooping-like motion.
Fielding [ edit ]
Any number of fielders can stand around the batsman, and any fielder can bowl at the batsman from any angle.
Rule varieties [ edit ]
Batting [ edit ]
Often, the batsman is only allowed to turn to face the next delivery if they hit the ball. If they miss and are not dismissed, they must attempt to play the next ball (which is bowled from where the ball ended up after the previous delivery) without being allowed to turn to face it. Sometimes additionally, if the batsman does not turn to face the ball before a fielder picks it up, they would have to turn their waist and face the fielder bowling in order to hit the ball.
In some variations, the batsman is not allowed to turn at all, and is declared out if their feet move. Restrictive rules like this also help to contain the ball in smaller areas such as backyards.
In other variations, if the batsman has effected a shot, they can relocate as fast as they can run, until a fielder has the ball in their hands.
In other variations, a batsman can score runs. Alternatively, when the batsman hits the ball, they can make 'runs' by revolving the bat around themselves with both hands. A batsman can take these runs until the ball is in the hands of a fielder and they call 'ready'.
Fielding [ edit ]
In one variation, once the fielder has fielded the ball they cannot take any steps until they have bowled the ball or passed the ball to another fielder. Passes to fielders can be thrown overarm or sidearm but to get a batter out with a direct throw the fielder must throw the ball underarm.
Sometimes the batsman can be caught out "one-hand one-bounce". When this rule is applied, the batsman will also be dismissed if the catcher takes the ball with one hand after it has bounced only once on the ground.
Origin of the name [ edit ]
Suggested possibilities include juxtaposition with the English origin of regular cricket.[4] It seems likely that as the game is a lesser version of regular cricket that the name is intended to mock both the game and the French — just as a "French cut" in the sport of cricket is a poorly executed cut shot which almost gets a batsman out. The name may also have arisen from the similarity of the batting motion to the one used in croquet which while not a French game is sometimes assumed to be French because of its name.[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
In popular culture [ edit ]
In Series Two of The Office some male staff members are shown playing French cricket with their boss Neil Godwin.
In Season Three Episode Five of Death In Paradise, the principal characters are shown playing French cricket on the beach after solving the case.
Let's taco-bout the poor kitten who was rescued after being trapped inside a drain pipe, thanks to two kindhearted California cops — and a leftover burrito.
Read: Chubby-Cheeked 'Tiny Hamster' Throw July 4 Barbecue for Furry Pals
Officers from the Parlier Police Department arrived on the scene when they heard about a hungry kitty, meowing from inside the pipe.
Luckily, the cops weren't afraid to get a little dirty and a little creative.
Using a partially eaten burrito, the two officers are able to lure the purring feline to safety.
Read: What Does it Take to Own Part of a New York City Restaurant? Just Eat a 30-Pound Burrito
According to the Facebook post, the kitten is now safe in the custody of Parlier Animal Control, and one of the officers hopes to provide a loving home to the feline.
They even plan to name it Burrito.
Watch: Two-Month-Old Kitten Naps, Bathes and Snuggles With Them Pit Bull Best Friend
Vice President Pence on Sunday condemned white supremacists and defended President Trump following criticism that the administration failed to adequately condemn specific groups after Saturday violence in Charlottesville, Va.
“We have no tolerance for hate and violence, white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK,” Pence said at a press conference in Cartagena, Colombia, according to a White House press pool report.
Trump had neglected to name the groups that organized the rally that turned violent in Charlottesville the previous day.
ADVERTISEMENT
However, Pence said Trump “clearly and unambiguously” condemned what happened in Charlottesville. They referred to such groups as "dangerous fringe groups" and said “we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
“The president also made clear that behavior by others of different militant perspectives are also unacceptable in our political debate and discourse,” Pence said.
They also criticized the media for reporting on the criticism of Trump's response. A number of Republicans were quick to urge the president to specifically condemn white supremacy, while Democrats sought to connect White House advisers to the far-right movement.
“I take issue with the fact that many in the national media spent more time criticizing the president's words than they did criticize those that perpetuated the violence to begin with,” Pence said.
“We should be putting the attention where it belongs, and that is on those extremist groups that need to be pushed out of the public debate entirely and discredited for the hate groups and dangerous fringe groups that they are," they continued.
A protest against government removal of a Confederate statue in Charlottesville on Saturday turned violent. The white supremacist protesters clashed with counterprotesters, leading the governor to declare a state of emergency before the rally even started. A woman died and multiple were injured after a car plowed into counterprotesters. The alleged driver of the car was arrested shortly after driving away.
Trump's response to the violence in Charlottesville was criticized on both the left and right by lawmakers who said they needed to explicitly condemn white supremacists and place the blame on far-right groups for sparking the violence.
"We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides — on many sides," Trump said on Saturday.
The White House clarified Trump's position on Sunday. An official said "of course" the president condemns violence by "white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups."
Protesters rallying in the name of the Charlottesville victims on Sunday night protested Trump at Trump Tower in New York City and Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C. Demonstrators held signs that read “No Free Speech For Fascists" and “Make Racists Afraid Again…Smash White Supremacy!”
This report was updated at 9:15 p.m.
If you've noticed a general “TEXTING IN THEATERS?! WTF OMG MILLENNIALS IDIOCRACY IS REAL GAHH!” theme on the internet this morning, that's because yesterday Variety published an interview with AMC Entertainment CEO Adam Aron in which the newly appointed head of America's largest theater chain suggested that since kids today can't put down their phones for more than 15 minutes without the help of an emotional support animal, AMC might soon start experimenting with texting-friendly movie theaters. Here's the exchange in question:
Would appealing to millennials involve allowing texting or cellphone use? Yes. When you tell a 22-year-old to turn off the phone, don't ruin the movie, they hear please cut off your left arm above the elbow. You can't tell a 22-year-old to turn off their cellphone. That's not how they live their life. At the same time, though, we're going to have to figure out a way to do it that doesn't disturb today's audiences. There's a reason there are ads up there saying turn off your phone, because today's moviegoer doesn't want somebody sitting next to them texting or having their phone on. Would you have a certain section for texting? That's one possibility. What may be more likely is we take specific auditoriums and make them more texting friendly.
Advertisement
Understandably, this made some readers freak the fuck out, because the vast majority of the American moviegoing public still doesn't enjoy paying around $11 (not including snacks) to see some idiot's Facebook feed out of the corner of their eye. They can get that much cheaper on public transportation, thanks. (Interestingly, the blowback seems to be more about how annoying phones are and less about Aron's condescension towards young movie-goers, who they clearly see as lobotomized phone zombies.)
The backlash was so intense, in fact, that this morning AMC sent out a series of tweets—although Snapchat would have been more effective in reaching the millennials, honestly—saying, basically, that they know this is a bad idea:
Advertisement
That “if ever” is pretty vague, though, so The A.V. Club reached out to AMC for comment. What we got back was a prepared statement that, while also pretty vague, reassures the public that “there is no specific timeframe as to when we might introduce such a test” and that “we also remain extremely sensitive that the overwhelming majority of our current audience does not want to text to disrupt their experience.” It goes on to say, “We would only introduce a concept like this when we are totally confident that we can fully satisfy the desires of our current guests.”
So, basically, when everyone who hates texting at movies is dead and those dumbass kids are in charge, then hell yes you'll be able to text in an AMC theater. The polar ice caps will probably be completely melted and all the bees dead by then, though, leaving no movie theaters left to ruin in the ensuing environmental chaos. So keep complaining about texting in theaters, internet—and maybe start a tire fire in the backyard while you're at it. Can't be taking any chances.
The number of lawsuits filed by students accused of campus sexual assault increased dramatically after the Education Department issued new guidance on how schools should tackle the issue.
Further, the percentage of lawsuits filed by either party involved in an accusation shifted heavily toward the accused, according to a report from Stop Abusive and Violent Environments, an organization trying to reform the way schools handle accusations.
The Education Department's Office for Civil Rights issued a "Dear Colleague" letter in 2011 that severely limited an accused student's ability to defend themselves while threatening to remove funding from schools that did not toughen up on campus sexual assault. In the wake of the letter, accused students have been expelled at what appears to be an alarming rate — for they said/she said situations that look less like sexual assault and more like regretted hookups — all in an effort for schools to show they are tough on the issue to avoid a loss of funding or a federal investigation.
The SAVE report found that accusations increased drastically after OCR issued its guidance. United Educators, which ensures about 1,000 colleges and universities across the country, received 262 claims of campus sexual assault between 2006 and 2010 — prior to the OCR guidance. Those claims increased to 78 in 2011 and 73 in 2012. And in 2013, the claims doubled to a whopping 154.
At the same time, lawsuits from students accused who had been wrongly expelled or punished also increased. Just after the OCR guidance was issued, in 2012, just one student filed a lawsuit (that we know of). In 2013 that number increased to 10 and continues to rise. In 2014, 34 accused students filed lawsuits, in 2015, the number peaked at 53. So far in 2016, 24 students have filed lawsuits.
But those are just the lawsuits we know about. SAVE emphasizes in its report that there is no accurate and complete database that includes every lawsuit filed by a student accused of campus sexual assault.
As the lawsuits from both the accused and accusers increased, the percentage of lawsuits from accused students grew. Between 2006 and 2010 (again, before the OCR guidance) lawsuits against schools were pretty evenly split between accusers and the accused. Forty-six percent of the lawsuits filed were from accusers, and 54 percent were from the accused.
That changed after the guidance was issued. Between 2011 and 2013, 39 percent of lawsuits were filed by accusers, while 61 percent were filed by the accused. By 2014 and 2015, just 22 percent of lawsuits were filed by accusers, with 78 percent filed by the accused.
Now, there could be a simple explanation for this. Accusers were granted a free option for remedy once the guidance was promoted. Accusers could file a Title IX claim to OCR and get the federal government to investigate their school — all without needing to hire a lawyer.
Accused students, on the other hand, would have to hire a lawyer (if they could afford one) in order to right a wrong. A few accused students have attempted to file Title IX claims with OCR, but according to Education Secretary John King, the Department has currently accepted only two dozen complaints from the accused. Meanwhile, OCR conducted some 3,000 investigations in 2015, meaning the vast, vast majority were complaints from accusers. Accused students I've spoken to have also had their complaints denied, but I am not aware of a single accusing student whose claim was denied.
The political implications are obvious. If an accuser is denied, then the government is hurting "victims." Media report after media report would be written about how awful the government is, denying justice for a rape "victim." But an accused student? That's an accused rapist, and the media don't care about them (well, most of the media, anyway). Who cares what the truth of the allegation is, it's politically expedient to just assume guilt and victimhood.
The SAVE report also highlights the lack of information on lawsuits from the accused. The report looks at the outcomes of 30 cases in which a judge ruled in favor or partially in favor of the accused. In the vast majority of those lawsuits, what kind of action was taken is unknown — whether there was a settlement (and what that settlement is) or whether the student's expulsion was overturned or what.
It's much easier to find data on the number of accusers filing Title IX claims, as it is either released by the federal government or available via Freedom of Information Act request. It's much easier to file a Title IX claim with a supportive government than to hire a lawyer and fight in court. Those reporting on the alleged epidemic of campus sexual assault should remember that.
"The increase in lawsuits and how widespread they are show that it isn¹t just a few schools who are mishandling these cases. Private and public, large and small schools alike are having their processes scrutinized and denounced once they come under court review. This shows that we need large-scale reform, either being the repeal of the Dear Colleague Letter and/or a federal bill," a spokesperson for the group told the in an email.
Ashe Schow is a commentary writer for the Washington Examiner.
Screenshot/http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/rise-of-isis/ An American-born ISIS fighter has been captured in Syria by Kurdish forces, Betsy Woodruff and Spencer Ackerman of The Daily Beast report.
The Beast report cited multiple US military spokespersons as being "aware of reports" that a US citizen was captured, while a source familiar with the situation told the site the unnamed fighter had "surrendered."
US military officials confirmed the capture to CNN and Fox News. CNN's Ryan Browne reported the American was in the custody of the Syrian Democratic Forces, the US-backed militia spearheading the push into the ISIS capital of Raqqa.
"We are aware of that report," a State Department spokesperson told Business Insider, referring to The Daily Beast. "We have no information to share at this time."
A spokesperson for Operation Inherent Resolve, the US military-led coalition leading the fight against ISIS in Iraq and Syria, did not immediately respond to Business Insider's request for comment.
This would not be the first case of an American being captured while fighting for the terror group. Mohamed Khweis, 27, originally from Virginia, joined the group and later surrendered to Kurdish authorities in 2016, according to NBC News. They were later convicted of providing material support to ISIS and faces a minimum sentence of five years imprisonment.
FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, actor and singer Jennifer Holliday poses for a photo during an interview in New York. Holliday, who will perform at Donald Trump's inaugural welcome concert next week, supported Hillary Clinton in the election and says their decision to participate is not a political statement.. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File)
PASADENA, Calif. (AP) — Broadway star Jennifer Holliday has backed out as a performer at next week's presidential inaugural following protests from their gay and black fans, further dimming the event's already low celebrity wattage.
Holliday, best known for their Tony-winning role in Broadway's “Dreamgirls,” said in an interview Saturday they hadn't considered that singing at a Thursday concert by Washington's Lincoln Memorial would be judged a statement of support for President-elect Donald Trump.
They decided to withdraw at 3 a.m. after reading commentary about how their participation was being seen. They apologized for a lack of judgment.
“It just really hit home for me,” they said. “The gay community has been a big part of my life and my career. I feel there really wouldn't be a Jennifer Holliday or a ‘Dreamgirls' in the 21st Century without them. I needed to at least hear them out and learn why it would be such a great disappointment for them.”
Several prominent entertainers have declined to perform at Trump inaugural festivities. Country star Toby Keith, the rock band 3 Doors Down and actor Jon Voight are in the lineup Thursday. Jackie Evancho will sing the national anthem at the inauguration Friday.
Holliday said it was painful to read racial epithets, insults such as “Uncle Tom” and people wishing that they were dead “just for singing a song.” They had been scheduled to sing the Stephen Foster song “Hard Times Come Again No More.”
“I had no idea it would be interpreted as a political statement,” they said. “That's my fault for not paying attention to what the climate is like in the country right now.”
They cited an article by Kevin Fallon in The Daily Beast, which explained why Holliday's role as Effie in “Dreamgirls” made them an icon in the gay and lesbian community during the initial AIDS outbreak in the 1980s. In that context, learning Holliday was performing at the inaugural “feels like a betrayal,” Fallon wrote. “It is heartbreaking.”
Holliday said they aren't concerned about a social media backlash from Trump supporters, or the president-elect himself. It couldn't be worse than what they had already read from their supporters, they said.
President Barack Obama's inaugurations attracted top names like Beyonce, Bruce Springsteen, U2, Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson and others, in sharp contrast to those Trump has gathered. But Trump has insisted that's how they want it, saying the swearing-in festivities should be about the people, not the A-list.
Star-studded inaugural events for Obama at the Lincoln Memorial in 2009, and for Bill Clinton in 1993, were televised at the time by HBO, but the network's chairperson said Saturday that won't be the case this year.
HBO had been contacted shortly after Obama's election to discuss its interest in the inaugural show, and top talent had already committed to the project, said Richard Plepler, the network's chairperson and CEO, on Saturday. By contrast, they said the Trump transition team contacted them two weeks ago and wasn't saying anything about performers.
“I didn't know what the show would be,” Plepler said. “In order to do one of these things you must have the time and planning and coordination for the kind of production that would make it a good show.”
They stressed that politics had nothing to do with HBO's decision.
Trump's team has made the concert available to air at no cost but no network has publicly come forth to say it would. CNN said Saturday it would cover the event, but it wasn't clear how much will be shown on the air.
____
Associated Press writer Nancy Benac in Washington contributed to this report.
It happened on a Saturday morning. I was driving to Glendale to pick up my mother-in-law's birds. Back then, I was married and could get talked into things as ridiculous as transporting cockatiels from place to place in order to give them a change of scenery. The night before, I went to see Lez Zeppelin at The Bluebird. When you're watching four lesbians cover Dazed and Confused, you gotta drink.
So, I drank and then I drank some more. At the end of the night, I got that urge that only a drunken Jew in Denver could have at three in the morning -- I wanted a beef, egg, and chicharon burrito from Chubby's. It's the perfect combination of pig fat, grizzle, cholesterol, and jalapeno peppers. And it tastes oh so good. After finishing my gastronomic nightmare, I went to bed.
The next day, in my car for the bird pick-up, I noticed a familiar grumbling in my belly. In the past, this grumbling had signaled that I had to release some gas. Subsequently, I did what I had always done in that situation -- I tightened my stomach muscles, relaxed my sphincter, and flatulated. Unfortunately, this was no normal flatulence. It was one with a partner, a very determined, wet, smelly partner.
I sharted.
As defined by Urban Dictionary, a shart is "a small, unintended defecation that occurs when one passes gas (blend of "shit" and "fart")". It's also known as "Foop" or "Gambling and Losing" or "Gas Followed by Mass" or "Shitting Yourself."
Obviously, I wasn't prepared for this surprise. I knew I had to fix it before I picked up the birds. I couldn't face my mother-in-law literally smelling like shit. Plus, I didn't want to stain my car's interior. So, I pulled over at the first McDonald's I saw.
Anonymously zipping past the masses waiting for their McGriddles and Egg McMuffins, I ran to the bathroom. Unfortunately, when I got there, the one stall with a door was occupied by a man teaching their son how to poop (which my father probably should have done). I banged on the door and the father told me to wait. When I frantically told them I couldn't, the son started crying. The father yelled at me. Soon, the manager appeared. At risk of spending more time soaking in my own feces, I jetted before the cops came.
Back in the car, it was like a sewage treatment plant. I made my way to a Taco Bell. With the food they sell there, they were undoubtedly prepared for this kind of incident. I went into the handicapped stall so I would have enough space get the job done right. I first removed my shorts, set my underwear aside, and began wiping like the wind (front to back, of course). For fear of somebody seeing me bottomless at Taco Bell, I used the water in the toilet for a makeshift sponge bath. Then, I was somewhat clean. Unfortunately, my shorts and underwear were not.
I considered stretching my shirt into a very short dress. I considered making a toga-type sarong out of toilet paper. I considered bribing a Taco Bell staffer for their pants. Ultimately, though, I decided to wear my shorts sans underwear. I did love those boxers though, so I rolled them up, shit side in, and walked out. Nothing is worse than walking out of Taco Bell, facing those nice chalupa lovers with your shit covered underwear in your hands.
Eventually, I made it to my mother-in-law's. They had no idea of the hell that I had been through and I wasn't about to blow their image of me as a man who can control their bowels. So, I quietly got the birds and headed back to my house.
After showering vigorously with seven kinds of soap, all remnants of my fooping fiasco had been washed away. I put on new shorts and underwear, although I probably should have put on diapers or at least Depends. Quickly, I realized that whatever caused the initial shart wasn't quite finished with me yet. For the rest of the day, which seemed to be packed with wild and wonderful activities, I had anal leakage, also known as fecal incontinence.
I went to see my buddy's band, Rocky Mountain Jewgrass (yes, it's a Jewish Bluegrass band), play at an outdoor festival. In 100 degree weather, my balloon knot kept dripping. To the sounds of country versions of Shalom Aleichem and Dayenu, I ran to and from the porta-potty in order to wipe. All the wiping and the heat baking my wet anus had some horrible ramifications.
I got taint chafe.
As defined by Wikipedia, the term taint refers to "the perineum, the region of the human body between the testicles or vulva and the anus." Well, my perineum was swollen, burning, raw, and irritated. I wanted to go home, shower again, and put this day of soft stool sickness behind me.
Unfortunately, my wife had other plans for me. They had an engagement party AND a birthday party that we HAD to attend. As time passed, my taint was so chafed that it felt like I had gotten a battery acid enema. At the engagement party, I walked around like a duck, trying to keep my legs, ass cheeks, and balls from rubbing anywhere near my anal region. At the birthday party, I couldn't even stand. I just sat there trying to drink the pain away.
As I grew drunker, I began to tell everybody about my plight. It turned out that nearly every person I spoke to, both male and female, had been in my situation at one point or another in their life. They just never spoke about it. It was as if there were some heavily guarded "Secret of the Shart".
Throughout the night, I heard fantastic tales of wet sensations, soaked skirts, and sock drips. I heard from a fund raiser who once sharted on a hike. I heard from a crime reporter who once sharted during sex. I heard from a chiropractor who once sharted on a patient. I learned that married people are more likely to discuss sharting than single people. I learned that pregnant woman uncontrollably shart without even knowing it. I learned that the older you are, the more likely you are to shart.
It suddenly occurred to me -- sharting is what unites us as humans.
Software development is very hard to grasp; it is hard for us, the people who are developing software but even harder for our clients. In the world outside software development things seem to work very differently and that gap seems larger if you have no idea what is going on when developing software. To explain the process to non developers and for non developers talking about software to their peers and back to us, there are unfortunate leaky abstractions of metaphors.
One the worst has been kind of introduced by the industry itself: components. Also building blocks and, when you talk to sales, Lego. Although components in the software sense do not mean what a lot of people think they mean, in day to day language about programming they have been piled on with plugins, portlets, webparts, gems, reusable app and to some extend plain libraries etc to mean that you can take a piece of premade software, put it in your project and strike off another feature in the list.
Sales uses this Lego metaphor during the sales process to get clients to buy products and services which are made by just clicking together a bunch of blocks we already have, preventing both high cost and bugs at the same time. No bugs as the Lego blocks were thoroughly tested at 100s of clients so they cannot contain bugs, right?
As software developers we managed to do this to ourselves with our great optimism. We were and often are the frontrunners in thinking software can actually be made completely composable. We have been making these software tools for non programmers since the 70s and keep making them in the firm believe one day software development will be like Lego. What is worse: we keep telling this to sales and marketing resulting in these great sales sessions.
But then the development starts. And even though these portlets were almost exactly what was needed or the RoR team told actually most of the functionality is actually only assembling a few 1000 gems together, the project is late, buggy, takes a lot more manhours than expected and in the timesheets the word ‘refactor' seems to appear more than the word ‘the'. How is that possible if we were only glueing together premade Lego blocks?
Even though a lot of architects and developers drink their own koolaid in genuinly believing that this time it will be different, in reality, besides in ‘hello world' like trivial cases, the metaphor falls flat on their face. Mostly because this abstract software science notion of components has been interpreted wrongly over time and that is getting worse still. So many clients opt for WordPress because ‘everything is already there as a plugin'; why does the project still cost $200k after esrimation and research by more conservative coders and why can a client not just click it together himself?
After the Lego metaphor has been peddled to the client and some sprint build of the project has been delivered, another favorite comes in;
The software has bugs and is not very fast, so when the client, having spent quite some cash on the project, comes in there are some discussions. Usually the agile approach, rightfully so, resulted in a large amount of changes of ‘stuff' the client did not anticipate upfront.
The Lego didn't exactly fit and because features are missing, it is anticipated at this point the project will take longer and thus cost more. This is the time when someone says something along the lines of: ‘when I have a house built, builders deliver in time and for the price we agreed on, how come … … ‘. This is related to the Lego and thus to the components we sold them, so this metaphor is partly our own fault again. But it also isn't a very good metaphor for the case of the client and yet it is very persistent.
The thing is; houses are not software. Houses are often largely prefab (actual Lego!) and even if they are not, building houses is a rather clear process. And yet, I have known no-one who had a house built were the price was not higher and it did not take more time to built than agreed upfront. Why? Changes by the owner at a late time in the process. Yes, like software development, this doesn't work well. The metaphor stands quite well if you use it from our side; say you have a house built, but there is no money for the foundation (proper architecture), you are building on swamp land (using flat files in a concurrent environment) and after the entire house was done, you want to add a nuclear bunker underneath (make the application work offline as well as online).
Another, worse, metaphor is exactly the same one as above but instead with a bridge. Now bridges are always late and over budget and that is without ‘changes'. And they collapse. So these are projects with people who know a lot about the physics of these kinds of structures and have calculated everything to a tee. And yet it is late and over budget. If they was the same as software, with the amount of changes (I don't like the shape of the thing, I want the pillars to be triangular!), it would never finish. Now we are getting close.
Software is very complex and the human interaction which leads up to making the software is very complex; the combination is actual rocket science and makes for this vastly complex landscape which usually cannot be estimated properly upfront as no-one knows what the outcome will be. In projects like houses and bridges, things which are more or less tried and tested repetitive processes, they cannot do it, so how is that supposed to work with software?
This brings us to, for me the worst metaphor; cars. “When I buy a car, I don't get to pay more so why do when buying software?” “When I buy a Ferrari, I am not satisfied when I drive out with a Turismo!” Obviously this one is the worst as you are comparing a mostly custom product you had developed specially for you with a factory line mass produced one. The issue with this is Lego again; “Chris from sales told us that the process is like sticking the extras on a car with your ‘gems', so I expect a FXX K with all the trimmings!”
When the client dictated the price and still has the car metaphor in their mind, you get classics like I recently encountered: a product made for a fixed price dictated by the client, everything else (scope, deadlines) flexible (in the contract), but when the delivery build was done, we got: “But a lot of features are missing here, we need a full featured delivery and we need it now or we'll sue you for all the damages incurred for not having all those features!”. So I said, more as a joke than anything else; “I buy a 1983 Trabant for E250,- to drive in the F1 and will make the guy I bought the Trabant from responsible for me winning it or not.”, but they understood it now and we have a good business relationship after this.
Since that time I have been thinking more about how to turn bad metaphors into good communication aids with people who are outside of the engineering profession. Working with clients is fun and rewarding, but both sides need to understand what is at stake; software development can be a weird thing for a lot of people. Sometimes productivity falls to almost 0, sometimes it is very high; why? Sometimes a bug takes 1 minute to fix, sometimes it takes a week. The key to this is being transparent and communicating everything to the client and the team every step of the way and documenting every step so it is clear what you are talking about.
On November 8, Israel carried out an attack on civilians in the occupied and besieged Gaza Strip, shooting 13-year-old Ahmad Abu Daqqa while they played football with friends. By November 14, Israel had intensified its attacks on Gaza and begun to implement an intensive plan of aggression that at the time of writing has killed at least 15 Palestinians, including at least 6 children, and injured over 150, predominantly civilians.
Despite biased Western media reports to the contrary, it is clear that Israel has initiated and escalated this new assault [1] on the eve of its upcoming parliamentary elections, underlining the time-honoured Israeli formula of Palestinian bodies for ballots.[2]
It is worth noting that a great majority of the Gaza population are refugees ethnically cleansed by Zionist militias and later the state of Israel during the 1948 Nakba and denied by Israel their UN-sanctioned right to return to their homes of origin.
This belligerent aggression is the most murderous and inhuman Israeli attack on the Palestinian people since the Gaza massacre of 2008-09, which killed more than 1,400 and injured more than 5,000 Palestinians, mainly civilians. The US and Europe have so far been successful in preventing Palestinian recourse to international justice mechanisms for Israeli crimes against humanity that took place during the massacre and that were documented by a UN Fact Finding Mission as well as a team of international law experts commissioned by the Arab League. Urgent action must be taken to prevent Israel from acting with such impunity again.
The 1.6 million Palestinians in Gaza have endured the worst of Israeli impunity and violence including being placed under a medieval siege, being subjected to deliberately created food insecurity and frequent acts of Israeli state terrorism. It is the duty of all supporters of international law and universal human rights to hold Israel accountable through effective measures, such as those called for in the global, Palestinian-led Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement.
The Palestinian BDS National Committee (BNC), the broadest coalition in Palestinian civil society, including all major political parties, trade unions, social movements and NGO networks, calls on:
– People of conscience around the world to intensify BDS campaigns to hold Israel accountable, and to pressure their governments to immediately suspend arms trade with Israel, implement trade sanctions, and bring to justice all Israeli officials and military personnel who took part, at all levels, in Israel's crimes against Palestinians in Gaza.
– Civil society organisations, including trade unions, universities, trade unions, student groups and NGOs, to boycott Israeli goods, divest from all Israeli and international companies that are complicit with Israel's occupation and apartheid, and call for governments to implement military embargoes and trade sanctions on Israel.
– Governments, especially Arab and friendly governments, to respect their legal obligation to protect the Palestinian right to life and self-determination and to impose sanctions on Israel to immediately end its assault on, and cease its illegal siege of the occupied Gaza Strip and its policies of colonialism and apartheid that oppress the Palestinian people.
As this new attack on the people of Gaza shows, Israel will continue its belligerence, aggression and state terrorism unless it is made to pay a heavy price for its crimes against the Palestinian, Lebanese and other Arab peoples. As the last seven years of the global BDS movement and the long history of past international solidarity with the struggle against apartheid in South Africa have shown, the most effective, sustainable and morally consistent form of solidarity with the oppressed is for international civil society and conscientious people around the world to apply boycotts, divestment and sanctions against the oppressor and all institutions that collude in maintaining and justifying its oppression. It is high time for BDS against Israel. This is the clearest path to freedom, justice and equality for Palestinians and the entire region.
Palestinian BDS National Committee.
Spanish translation: http://www.rebelion.org/noticia.php?id=159250
[1] For a timeline that explains how Israel has initiated this new attack, see http://imeu.net/news/article0023227.shtml
[2] http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2012/11/15/bodies-for-ballots.html
This new image of super-cluster Abell 2744 captures the wreckage of a collision between four smaller galaxy clusters. New data let astronomers map the positions of three different kinds of matter in the system, which may offer clues to how dark matter behaves when it smacks into ordinary matter.
The cluster, nicknamed "Pandora's Cluster" for its bizarre complexity, is as massive as 1.8 quadrillion suns and contains trillions of stars. Only about 5 percent of that mass is made up of galaxies that glow in visible light.
The rest of the mass is gas (20 percent, shown here in pink) that's so hot it's only observable through the X-rays it emits, and dark matter (75 percent, blue), which is utterly invisible.
To figure out dark matter's location, astronomers looked for the telltale stretching of galaxies located far behind the cluster. Huge masses warp the shape of space-time in their vicinity and bend the path of light, a phenomenon called gravitational lensing. By carefully plotting how galaxies in the background are distorted, astronomers can map where the invisible mass of dark matter lies.
To make this map, the most detailed to date, astronomers used new data from the Hubble Space Telescope and the Very Large Telescope in Chile. They used pre-existing data from NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory to locate the hot gas in the cluster.
"We find that it is even more complex than previously thought, unleashing a variety of exciting effects," the researchers wrote in a paper to be published in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society (PDF).
The researchers identified four distinct sub-clusters, each with a mass of about 100 trillion suns. They suggest that the cluster is the result of two near-simultaneous mergers between four separate galaxy clusters around 350 million years ago. The smash-up sent galaxies, dark matter and gas flying in all directions. Some sections were left with lots of galaxies and dark matter but no gas, others with lots of dark matter but no regular matter.
"The separation between all three mass components makes this a real puzzle," the researchers write. "It should be stressed that such a peculiar configuration is observed for the first time."
Near the center of the image lies a bullet-shaped clump where the gas of one cluster collided with that of another to create a shock wave – but dark matter passed right through the collision unaffected. This separation of dark matter and ordinary matter was previously observed in the Bullet Cluster, but the two types of matter are much further separated in Pandora's Cluster.
Another weird feature is the lone chunk of gas toward the upper right of the image, which the researchers call the "ghost" cluster. Typically, astronomers expect dark matter to take the lead after a collision, and gas to follow after it. But the ghost cluster somehow got ahead of its associated dark matter.
The researchers think the gas could have been flung outward as the dark matter slowed down and cooled after the collision. "However, this scenario needs further confirmation," they write.
More detailed studies of Pandora's puzzling configuration could help pin down what exactly dark matter is, and how it helped shape the evolution of the universe.
Image: NASA, ESA, ESO, CXC & D. Coe (STScI)/J. Merten (Heidelberg/Bologna)
See Also:
We obviously had to white out numbers above – From Apple's Retail inventory system.
A source inside Apple Retail has shared with us the numbers for Apple's Black Friday sales event. Black Friday is always huge shopping day and Apple forecasted at least 4X sales for the day. However, because Apple did have the lowest prices on big ticket items like the iPad, it blew away forecasts by 7PM and unsurprisingly had its biggest sales day of all time..
Apple Retail was forecast and broke Retail sales records all over the country today, this is from [redacted] today, the forecast today is more than 4 times what we normally do. We broke the forecast by 7pm.
MacBook Air sales were also particularly strong according to our source.
Apple Store discounts are extremely rare and with more Stores open than ever before, the temptation was too much for many.
Related articles
At 3:00 PM Pacific (6:00 PM Eastern) on Tuesday, a three-judge panel of the Ninth Circuit federal appeals court in San Francisco will hear oral arguments about the Justice Department's case to reinstate President Trump's travel ban: State of Washington v. Trump
The issue at stake is not whether Trump's travel ban is constitutional, but whether it will remain suspended. "The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!" President Trump said in a tweet about the originating decision from Seattle's Federal District Court judge James Robart.
On Friday, Robart put a temporary restraining order on key parts of President Trump's executive order suspending travel from seven wartorn middle eastern countries. Over the weekend, the Trump administration's motion to reverse the decision was challenged by the attorney general from Washington state. Lawyers for Minnesota and 17 other states are reportedly ready to back the case.
The Trump administration says they are highly confident that they would prevail if the case were tried and that the president has clear authority to "suspend the entry of any class of aliens" into the U.S., but if the Ninth Circuit court disagrees, Trump will likely appeal to the Supreme Court.
The hour-long arguments (30 minutes for each side) will take place by telephone, but a live audio stream will be broadcast via YouTube.
Susan Seager from LawNewz writes that: "The decision to provide live access to its oral argument is highly unusual for a federal appeals court... The Ninth Circuit is on the cutting edge of public access. The court posts video of oral arguments after each hearing on the court's own YouTube channel. The court also provides video and audio recordings of all oral arguments on the court's public website by 12:00 p.m. Pacific the day after arguments."
- are available now, DRM-free on GOG.com. You can pick them up atin two bundles:is widely considered to be the first true 3D FPS ever. It single handedly kickstarted a generation of id Software greats, and thus influenced just about every FPS we've played ever since. Its mazes, shades of gray, and blue hues are burned into the collective gaming memory - plus you get to kill a mechanized Hitler. Classic.In the early days of FPS gaming,wasmilestone. In a spot-on review from 1997, GameSpot calls it "the only first-person shooter to render the original Quake entirely obsolete." It was bigger, better, prettier, and smoother than any clone or predecessor - it also offered one of the most playable, and by far most popular multiplayer experiences of its day., aka. multiplayer revolution. Despite a controversial removal of the lauded single-player experience the series was known for, Quake III: Arena became a smash-hit and (together with Unreal Tournament) essentially defined arena-style, movement-based competitive gaming for years. The shooter spawned a community that's been living and breathing to this day.In B.J. Blazkowicz's, another legend is born. A unique, objective-based multiplayer mode saw immense popularity back in the day - and it was actually pretty okay if you're into that sort of thing. The single-player campaign is a dark, somewhat ridiculous freak show of morbid, scientific fantasy. An ever present sense of dread emanates from the disturbing experiments and cult-like universe, just waiting to be set afire - by you.As with any Bethesda purchase, you'll also get The Elder Scrolls: Arena & Daggerfall for free!Prepare to fight in- now DRM-free on GOG.com. Return to the FPS immortals at 33% off in two bundles: Quake Damage Return to Wolfenstein . The promo will last for one week, until October 8, 12:59 PM GMT.The four titles released today are not available for purchase in Germany. These are legal restrictions that are beyond our control, and we're very sorry for the inconvenience.
REUTERS/Jim Urquhart/File Photo Mitt Romney is another possible pick for secretary of state in President-elect Donald Trump's administration.
President-elect Donald Trump will meet with Mitt Romney this weekend to discuss their potential nomination as secretary of state, according to NBC News and ABC.
The move would come as a surprise for a number of reasons. Romney, the 2012 GOP presidential nominee, was a fierce critic of Trump during the campaign, going so far as to call them a “phony” who is “playing the American people for suckers.” Romney refused to campaign with him, and did not appear at the party convention in Cleveland.
The two men couldn't have more different temperaments. The former Massachusetts governor is mild-mannered and methodical. Trump is bombastic and unpredictable. After a tape emerged of Trump bragging about sexual assault, Romney sharply denounced them for “vile degradations” that “demean our wives and daughters and corrupt America's face to the world.”
Romney and Trump also have pretty irreconcilable views on Russia. Romney called the country America's “number one geopolitical foe” in 2012 ― a statement that earned them mockery from Democrats at the time.
Trump, meanwhile, has heaped praise on Russian President Vladimir Putin. They have advocated for closer relations with Russia, particularly in the campaign to destroy the self-described Islamic State. And they have even questioned U.S. commitment to the NATO alliance ― sparking panic in neighboring Baltic states.
Trump's approach to Russia has raised alarm in Washington. Speaking in Berlin on Thursday, Obama urged their successor to stand up to Russia if it deviates from U.S. “values and international norms.” Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), the 2008 GOP presidential nominee, also warned about the prospect of another “reset” with Russia on Wednesday.
Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), who is reportedly being considered for attorney general, appeared to confirm Trump's meeting with Romney.
“I think it's good that the president-elect is meeting with people like Romney. There are a lot of talented people that they need good relationships with,” Sessions told reporters at Trump Tower.
A handful of other names are also reportedly in the mix to take the reins at Foggy Bottom. The list includes: South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley (R), former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), and former CIA Director David Petraeus.
they origins of Diwali vary depending on who you ask. The festival carries the same general meaning today as Christmas – a time to celebrate wealth, prosperity and the triumph of good over evil.
It's actually a Hindu festival, but we Sikhs celebrate Bandi Chhor Divas on the same day, which is the anniversary of when Guru Hargobind – one of the ten Sikh gurus who founded the religion – freed themselves from Mughal oppressors and returned to Amritsar.
Diwali is meant to be this peaceful and beautiful celebration. Indian Diwali greetings cards will usually have a cute little Indian kid looking angelic and holding up a tea light.
In my experience, the reality of Diwali is very different…
EXPECTATION: Beautiful and enchanting light displays.
REALITY: This fire hazard in Coventry.
EXPECTATION: Cute Indian kids lighting pretty candles.
REALITY: Give the children explosives.
EXPECTATION: Glorious open-air fireworks displays.
REALITY: Just this.
EXPECTATION: An inclusive celebration that defies the boundaries of race and religion.
REALITY: Dad invites 'Uncle Terry' who sits in the corner all evening looking terrified.
EXPECTATION: An opulent banquet of rich and varied Indian dishes.
REALITY: Aunty's yellow dhal (maybe roti if you're lucky).
EXPECTATION: A soundtrack of beautifully bewitching sitar.
REALITY: Uncle Gurvinder gets pissed and bangs a drum.
There's just nothing like an Indian family do! Happy Diwali, everyone!
Images sourced by Creative Commons via:
Anu & Anant
Cabinet Office
Greg Williams
almostinfamous
offmessage
Alex Jung
Wikimedia Commons
Epic Fireworks
Partha Sarathi Sahana
Satinder Singh
Ravepad
Akash Malhotra
E-mail this story July 21, 2008 Columbia Engineers Prove Graphene is the Strongest Material
Research scientists at Columbia Universitys Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science have achieved a breakthrough by proving that the carbon material graphene is the strongest material ever measured. Graphene holds great promise for the development of nano-scale devices and equipment. It consists of a single layer of graphite atoms arranged in a hexagonal lattice, similar to a honeycomb. As a two-dimensional material, every atom is exposed to the surface. It forms the basis of graphite fibers used in tennis racquets and other durable products. When rolled, very useful tiny tubes called nanotubes can be fabricated. A representation of a diamond tip with a two nanometer radius indenting into a single atomic sheet of graphene
(Enlarge image) Until now, graphenes estimated strength, elasticity and breaking point were based on complex computer modeling theories. Laboratory tests had been stymied because of two major experimental challenges: the complexity in mechanically grasping graphene specimens to measure their elongation under force, and the difficulty of making specimens small enough to be free of imperfections. Our team sidestepped the size issue by creating samples small enough to be defect-free, said Columbia Professor Jeffrey Kysar. The studies were conducted by postdoctoral researcher Changgu Lee and graduate student Xiaoding Wei, in the research groups of mechanical engineering professors Kysar and James Hone. The findings are published in the latest issue of Science. Our research establishes graphene as the strongest material ever measured, some 200 times stronger than structural steel, Hone said. It would take an elephant, balanced on a pencil, to break through a sheet of graphene the thickness of Saran Wrap. The team culled microscopic graphene samples, in which every single atom is on the surface, from larger graphite crystals. These newly created, two-dimensional samples were then placed over small circular holes etched in silicon to create miniature circular films only one atom thick. The graphene adhered to the silicon because of the attraction between their atoms. The scientists tested the strength of the films by pushing on their centers with a diamond-tipped atomic force microscope with a radius of 20 billionths of a meter. The absence of flaws in the samples, each about one micron in diameter (one percent of the width of a human hair), enabled the scientists to test both elasticity and breaking point properties. The scientists collected more than 67 test values on 23 separate films. Until now, theres been no definitive set of experiments that people can use to validate or invalidate the computer simulations that model the mechanical properties of materials at strains literally up to the breaking point,  said Kysar. Its important because this is a fundamental parameter for all types of materials. The Air Force wants to introduce new materials within a five-year cycle, versus 20 years now, so being able to predict the mechanical behavior of how a new material will fail under the most extreme circumstances will make it much less expensive and less time consuming to develop, and with better materials for everyday life. Though the strength of any practical material is still limited by many types of defects, the research can lead to a better understanding of the behavior of materials at extreme conditions, such as [those that] exist near the tip of a crack, said Hone. This can in turn lead to far more robust materials, ones more resistant to oxidation and fatigue. Achieving a better understanding of how materials fail allows us to design and create newer, safer materials, and ultimately to build a safer, more efficient environment for us.
The years fly by, and generations come and go and come back again, but not much changes at Davenport's Pizza Palace in Mountain Brook.
The hand-tossed, thin-crust pizzas are ladled with the same secret sauce that Rex and Ardyce Hollis prepared when they first opened their neighborhood pizzeria in 1964, and the pies are topped with old-school ingredients such as pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, green peppers and black olives.
"We get a lot of comments about that," Heather Norris, the Hollises' daughter, says. "They'll say, 'We're so glad y'all have remained traditional, with traditional toppings.
"There are actually people that don't want that kind of gourmet pizza with chicken, pesto, artichoke, whatever out there that's really weird and trendy."
Through those 52 years, the circle has remained unbroken.
Norris, who grew up in their mother and father's family business, started working the cash register at Davenport's when they were 16 and has worked here pretty much ever since.
"Well, I've been here all of my life," they say. "It was open before I was even born, so I was like a booth baby."
Both of their parents are now deceased, as is their sister, Diane McDannel, so Norris now runs Davenport's with the help of their niece, Amanda Thames, who is Diane McDannel's daughter and the Hollises' granddaughter.
"My grandmother would take me in here while they did their work sometimes," Thames remembers. "So I kind of grew up here, too."
Norris is entrusted with preparing the pizza sauce and the house-made Italian and French dressings -- family recipes that are such a closely guarded secret that they come in early every morning to prepare them before the rest of the staff arrives.
"I come in here and do my thing, and nobody's allowed in - except for Amanda, of course," Norris says.
And without giving away any trade secrets, just what is it that makes Davenport's sauce so special?
"The only way I can describe it is just what people tell me - that they are addicted to it," Norris says. "They actually accuse us of putting drugs in our sauce. And I respond to them that I am just as addicted to it as they are."
When Rex and Ardyce Hollis opened Davenport's in 1964, it was just a couple of years after Rex's childhood buddy, Jim "Peanut" Davenport, had played third base for the San Francisco Giants in the 1962 World Series.
And since Davenport had a marketable name and Hollis didn't, Hollis asked their old friend if it would be OK if they called their place Jim Davenport's instead.
"He just asked him, 'Hey, can I use your name?'" Norris says. "And (Davenport) said, 'Sure.' . . . They would come by about once a year after baseball season was over."
The restaurant's name was recently shortened to Davenport's Pizza Palace -- dropping the "Jim" -- but photos of Davenport from their baseball days still cover the wall near the front entrance, and the Jim's Special (with beef, pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, onions and green peppers) remains the most popular specialty pizza on the menu.
Davenport's goes so far back that national chains such as Pizza Hut, Domino's, Little Caesars and Papa John's had yet to come to town, and other local favorites such as New York Pizza in Homewood and Cosmo's Pizza on Southside were still a decade or more away from opening.
Back in those early days, the Hollises lived in an apartment on Brook Manor Drive, across the street from their pizzeria, and to drum up business, Rex Hollis went around the neighborhood handing out free slices.
"My grandad would go door-to-door and pass out pizza because at the time, pizza wasn't as popular a food item as it is today," Thames says. "It's hard to believe, but it was one of the first pizza places around here at the time."
Now, with a new pizza place opening every few months -- from national brands such as Pieology and Your Pie to local pizzerias such as Post Office Pies and Slice Pizza & Brew -- Davenport's Pizza Palace has not only survived, but thrived, in the face of all the new competition.
"We really haven't seen any dip at all since all of those places have opened," Thames says. "People still come in here. They may also try those, but they are going to come back to Davenport's for that traditional pizza."
Norris, who studied marketing at Auburn University, says the secret to Davenport's longevity is actually pretty simple.
"You do one thing and you do it well," they say. "All we have is pizza and salad, and that's it."
From the checkerboard tablecloths and frosty beer mugs to the vintage movie-star photos of John Wayne, Audrey Hepburn, James Dean and dozens of others to the 1980s-era arcade games such as Centipede, Ms. Pac-Man and Donkey Kong, Davenport's Pizza Palace appears to be stuck in a time that its customers don't want to forget, or let go of.
"We've made an effort not to change too much about it because people do want to come back to what they're used to and the way this has always looked," Thames says.
"If you stay in here for more than five minutes, you'll hear somebody talking about how, 'Oh, my parents had their first date here.' Or, 'Oh, I came here and now I'm bringing my kids here for birthday parties, just like I did.'
"That is another reason I think people keep coming back," they add. "There aren't many places that are still here from your childhood where you can go back and have that nostalgia."
Davenport's Pizza Palace is at 2837 Cahaba Road in Mountain Brook. The phone number is 205-879-8603 and the website is davenportspizza.com. Hours are 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Mondays through Thursdays, 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays and 4:30 to 10 p.m. Sundays.
UPDATED at 5:14 p.m. CDT on Monday, Feb. 15, 2016, to correct Jim Davenport's position with the San Francisco Giants.
David Dow. Photo by Katya Glockner-Dow
Last week I wrote about the suspension of David Dow, one of the country's most prominent capital defense attorneys. They were benched for an entire year by Texas' Court of Criminal Appeals—the state's highest criminal appeals court—for allegedly filing a late petition in a death penalty case. The sanction was doubly bonkers, I argued, because other death penalty lawyers never seem to be sanctioned for sleeping, drinking, or otherwise rendering themselves incompetent at trial. In any event, Dow was barred from appearing before the CCA for 12 months. Which means that their death row clients—whom they represent pro bono, and who may not find other lawyers to do so—literally have their lives on the line because a motion may or may not have been filed a few hours late. Or, as one lawyer quipped after the piece was posted: “Apparently Texas finally found one lawyer to be incompetent: the one who is actually good at their job.”
On Wednesday an extraordinary petition was filed in the Texas Supreme Court by some 300 lawyers seeking a declaratory judgment or, in the alternative, a writ of mandamus, overturning Dow's suspension. The document is 263 pages long, of which many are signature pages. In effect, the petition asks Texas' Supreme Court to declare that the CCA exceeded its authority when it suspended Dow, or that the CCA exceeded its authority and violated Dow's constitutional rights when it suspended Dow absent fraudulent or dishonorable conduct or malpractice, and also failed to give Dow their due course and process of law. This is fancy Latin for asking the court to set aside the suspension.
The gist of the petition has to do with the case Dow was handling on appeal. Their supporters say that if the original trial counsel had done the things they were supposed to do at the original trial (like, say, put on mitigating evidence; explain to the jury that their client was mentally ill; call even a single witness at punishment phase), Dow would not have needed to step in at the last minute to try to stay the execution. In our topsy-turvy capital defense universe, Dow is being sanctioned for trying to (quickly and with an execution date looming) do what defense counsel should have done in the first place.
The petition contends that Dow filed within the timeframe mandated by the CCA's rules (which are ambiguous, because the rule says you have seven days to file, but an example laid out after the rule says you have eight days), and notes the chilling effect this sanction will have on the rest of the capital defense bar: “The CCA's extraordinary construction of the rule, and decision that the penalty for the filing would be a one year suspension will undoubtedly cause other attorneys in Dow's position to decide not to file documents for inmates facing execution.” The petition notes, simply, “As a result, people may die, some of them innocent, with valid claims their court appointed and publicly paid lawyers failed to develop out of fear of sanction by the CCA.”
The petition further argues that the Texas Supreme Court has the sole authority to regulate the practice of law, and that Dow was sanctioned in this extraordinary fashion without due process of law. Finally the petition argues that what the CCA did—in sanctioning Dow as severely as it did—was purely punitive:
There is no question that Dow is a respected and effective advocated against the death penalty. They have appeared numerous times before the CCA and as mentioned, their criticism of its work has not always been kind. Yet, the ability to proffer and advocate differing opinions and for change is the essence of our judicial system. Lawyers are not only permitted to zealously and passionately represent their clients, but this is what the Bar strives towards. The fact that a court may find certain methods distasteful is of no consequence. Rather, only when an advocate crosses the line and acts fraudulently, dishonestly, or commits malpractice can they be punished for their actions. As detailed above, Dow's conduct did not reach such a threshold.
I asked Laura Arnold, co-chair of the Laura and John Arnold Foundation and a former member of the national board of directors of the Innocence Project, about the new petition. They say the Texas Supreme Court, urged by literally hundreds of lawyers from across Texas, has the opportunity to do the right thing: “There is no question that the punishment imposed on David Dow by the TCCA was unprecedented, disproportionate and excessive. There is strong reason to believe that the magnitude of Dow's sanction was rooted in nothing more than sheer political retribution. The Texas Supreme Court, as the highest court in the state, has the opportunity—and, I would argue, the obligation—to right this wrong. Only then can we hope to restore credibility and fairness to our criminal appeals process.”
Casie Gotro, one of the two attorneys who authored the brief, puts it more succinctly: “Suspension for a late filing? If every court in Texas followed in the CCA's footsteps, I promise you there would quickly be a shortage of practicing lawyers. It is so disproportionate, it can only be personal.”
It doesn't happen often, but when I wrote about the Dow case last week, readers suggested that I had to be making things up because no court would possibly sideline a prominent lawyer for an entire year for narrowly missing a filing deadline. Except of course I wasn't making it up, it did happen, and 300 Texas lawyers are as astonished by that fact as the rest of us. Here's hoping the Texas Supreme Court does the right thing.
WASHINGTON – The White House stepped on Monday with a veto threat against a House GOP plan to advance a round of 2014 spending bills that would ease sequester-imposed cuts on the Pentagon while forcing even deeper cuts on non-defense programs.
Those cuts would come in areas like education, energy and water development and foreign aid.
In a statement, the White House budget office said the cuts called for in the GOP plan would force thousands of poor children off of Head Start, harm special education, cut federal law enforcement and dent medical research grants to thousands of scientists. It called on the Democratic Senate and GOP House to reach a broader agreement on the budget before advancing spending bills.
The veto promise comes as the House is set this week to consider the first of 12 spending bills for the budget year beginning Oct. 1. The first measure totals $73 billion and awards a 3.5 percent increase for veterans programs while cutting construction costs at military bases. The House is also slated to debate and pass a $39 billion measure this week boosting the Homeland Security Department's budget by almost $1 billion compared with current levels.
Democrats and the White House don't have a problem with the substance of the first two bills. Rather they oppose the overall level of funding set by Republicans for the day-to-day operations of federal agencies.
The statement promised a veto of every spending bill until Washington reaches a bargain on "an overall budget framework that supports our recovery and enables sufficient investments in education, infrastructure, innovation and national security for our economy to compete in the future."
At issue is the almost $1 trillion portion of the $3.6 trillion federal budget that must be approved by Congress each year. This so-called discretionary spending has been cut sharply with the imposition in March of across-the-board spending cuts known as sequestration. The Pentagon is absorbing cuts of 7 percent this year and domestic discretionary programs are bearing a 5 percent cut from last year's levels.
Hopes are fading for a budget bargain that would replace the cuts, which leaves lawmakers stuck with even bigger cuts for the upcoming year. Appropriated funding for the ongoing budget year totals $984 billion; the House measures total $967 billion, an almost 2 percent cut below already austere current spending.
Under a 2011 budget deal, the panel was supposed to receive almost $1.06 trillion for the 12 appropriations bills; the House panel is instead stuck with $967 billion under the across-the-board cuts imposed because Congress and President Barack Obama were unable to follow up the 2011 deal with further deficit cuts. The Democratic figures are $91 billion higher, a 9 percent increase from current levels.
Obama and Senate Democrats support advancing the annual spending bills at the higher levels called for under the hard-fought 2011 bargain, replacing the cuts with a mixture of tax increases and spending cuts elsewhere in the budget. But conservatives controlling the House insist that the spending bills be written at the post-sequestration cap of $967 billion.
The GOP plan opposed by Obama restores cuts to the military while making cuts to domestic programs favored by Democrats even deeper. The deepest cuts — almost 20 percent — would come from a huge domestic spending bill that funds aid to local school districts, health research and enforcement of labor laws. Cuts to housing, foreign aid, transportation and community development grants would be severe, though a popular program that provides food aid to pregnant women and their babies is likely to emerge intact.
Appropriations Committee Chairman Harold Rogers, R-Ky., appears to be embarking on a strategy to advance a handful of the annual spending bills by funding them at levels closer to Obama's budget than the tea party budget that passed the House in March. GOP conservatives have balked at such moves in the past, saying they're a trick aimed at boosting spending, but some Democrats were willing to give Rogers the benefit of the doubt by voting for the veterans and homeland security measures during Appropriations Committee consideration last month.
Neither the House nor the Senate are likely to have much luck in advancing the measures very far unless a broader deal is made.
The Milky Way Galaxy in which we live can seem a little lonely. While we are surrounded by dwarf galaxies, our only peer within what is known as the Local Group is Andromeda. It feels a little like being part of couple stuck in a remote location with only pets for company. Now however, this picture has been put in perspective with the first map of all the bright galaxies within 20 million light years. And it seems we really are parting of a galactic village which has raised us.
Galaxies are usually classified as being part of either clusters or groups. Groups such as our own can include anything up to 50 galaxies, while clusters and superclusters can contain thousands of galaxies. Professor Marshall McCall of New York University refers to a lesser known category, a galactic sheet.
"All bright galaxies within 20 million light years, including us, are organized in a 'Local Sheet' 34-million light years across and only 1.5-million light years thick," says McCall. Within this sheet there are 14 large galaxies, 18 small galaxies significant enough for McCall to show, and dozens of dwarf galaxies like our closest neighbors the Magellanic Clouds. The local group sits near the center, with the other galaxies around us in a ring.
"The Milky Way and Andromeda are encircled by twelve large galaxies arranged in a ring about 24-million light years across - this 'Council of Giants' stands in gravitational judgment of the Local Group by restricting its range of influence," says McCall.
Twelve of the 14 large galaxies are spirals like our own, reflecting the low density of galaxies in the sheet. Elliptical galaxies dominate in large clusters. McCall believes it is no coincidence that the two giant ellipticals are at opposite sides of the sheet and thinks their winds may have shaped the other galaxies by pushing gas towards them.
Even at distances of 10 million light years or more away, the Milky Way and Andromeda appear to have exerted a powerful influence, including on galaxies larger than themselves. McCall proposes in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society . “Thinking of a galaxy as a screw in a piece of wood, the direction of spin can be described as the direction the screw would move (in or out) if it were turned the same way as the galaxy rotates. Unexpectedly, the spin directions of Council giants are arranged around a small circle on the sky. This unusual alignment might have been set up by gravitational torques imposed by the Milky Way and Andromeda when the universe was smaller.”
McCall thinks the layout of the galaxies, offers hints of the distribution of mass in our region soon after the Big Bang. “The Local Sheet formed out of a density perturbation of very low amplitude (∼10%),” they write, “But that normal matter was incorporated into galaxies with relatively high efficiency (∼40%).”
“Recent surveys of the more distant universe have revealed that galaxies lie in sheets and filaments with large regions of empty space called voids in between,” says McCall. “The geometry is like that of a sponge. What the new map reveals is that structure akin to that seen on large scales extends down to the smallest.”
China's military expansion, with a defense budget growing by double digits for the 19th consecutive year, is part of a broader, regional trend. Russia — a Pacific as well as a European nation, we should remember — is right behind the United States and China as the world's biggest military spender. Japan, with 119 warships, including 20 diesel-electric submarines, boasts a naval force nearly three times larger than Britain's. (It is soon to be four times larger: 13 to 19 of Britain's 44 remaining large ships are set to be mothballed by the Labor government.)
India's Navy could be the third-largest in the world in a few years as it becomes more active throughout the Indian Ocean, from the Mozambique Channel to the Strait of Malacca between Indonesia and Malaysia. South Korea, Singapore and Pakistan all spend higher percentages of their gross domestic products on defense than do Britain and France — which are by far Europe's most serious military-minded nations.
The twin trends of a rising Asia and a politically crumbling Middle East will most likely lead to a naval emphasis on the Indian Ocean and its surrounding seas, the sites of the “brown water” choke points of world commerce — the Strait of Hormuz in the Persian Gulf, the Bab el Mandeb at the mouth of the Red Sea, and Malacca. These narrow bodies of water will become increasingly susceptible to terrorism, even as they become more and more clogged with tankers bringing Middle Eastern oil to the growing middle classes of India and China. The surrounding seas will then become home territory to Indian and Chinese warships, protecting their own tanker routes.
To wit, China is giving Pakistan $200 million to build a deep-water port at Gwadar, just 390 nautical miles from the Strait of Hormuz. Beijing is also trying to work with the military junta in Myanmar to create another deep-water port on the Bay of Bengal. It has even hinted at financing a canal across the 30-mile Isthmus of Kra in Thailand that would open a new connection between the Indian Ocean and the Pacific.
Photo
Oddly enough, the Pacific, as an organizing principle in world military affairs, will also encroach upon Africa. It's no secret that a major reason for the Pentagon's decision to establish its new Africa Command is to contain and keep an eye on China's growing web of development projects across the sub-Saharan regions.
Still, measuring budgets, deployments, and sea and air “platforms” does not quite indicate just how much the ground is shifting beneath our feet. Military power rests substantially on the willingness to use it: perhaps less so in war than in peacetime as a means of leverage and coercion.
That, in turn, requires a vigorous nationalism — something that is far more noticeable right now in Asia than in parts of an increasingly post-national West. As the Yale political scientist Paul Bracken notes in their book “Fire in the East: The Rise of Asian Military Power and the Second Nuclear Age,” the Indians, Pakistanis and Chinese have great pride in possessing nuclear weapons, unlike the Western powers that seem almost ashamed of needing them. Likewise, the right to produce nuclear arms is something that unites Iranians, regardless of their views of the clerical regime.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mending relations with Europe is only a partial answer to America's problems in the Pacific and Indian Oceans, since Europe itself continues to turn away from military power. This trend was quickened by the Iraq war, which has helped legitimize nascent European pacifism. People in countries like Germany, Italy and Spain see their own militaries not so much as soldiers but as civil servants in uniform: there for soft peacekeeping and humanitarian missions.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Meanwhile, Asia is marked by rivalries that encourage traditional arms races. Despite warming economic ties between Japan and China, and between Japan and South Korea, the Japanese and Chinese have fought wars of words over possession of the Senkaku (or, as the Chinese have it, Diaoyutai) Islands in the East China Sea; just as Japanese and South Koreans have over possession of the Takeshima Islands (Tokdo Islands to the Koreans) in the Sea of Japan. These are classic territorial disputes, stirring deep emotions of the sorts that often led to war in early modern Europe.
Despite these tensions, the United States should also be concerned about the alternative possibility of a China-Japan entente. Some of China's recent diplomatic approaches to Japan have been couched in a new tone of respect and camaraderie, as it attempts to tame Japan's push toward rearmament and thus to reduce the regional influence of the United States.
Asia's military-economic vigor is the product of united political, economic and military elites. In Asia, politics often does stop at the water's edge. In a post-George W. Bush America, if we do not find a way to agree on basic precepts, Iraq may indeed turn out to have been the event that signaled our military decline.
Preventing that will require continued high military expenditures combined with an unrelenting multilateralism of a sort we have not pursued since the 1990s. In the vast oceanic spaces bordering the Pacific and Indian Oceans, air, sea and space power will be paramount both as means of deterrence and of guarding the sea lanes. A global power at peace still requires a navy and an air force deployed as far forward as possible. That costs money. Even with the gargantuan cost of Iraq, our defense budget is still under 5 percent of our gross domestic product, low by historical standards.
Furthermore, the very vitality of nation-states in the Pacific and Indian Oceans will take us back to an older world of traditional statecraft, in which we will need to tirelessly leverage allies and seek cooperation from competitors. Thus we should take advantage of the rising risk of terrorism and piracy in order to draw the Chinese and Indian Navies into joint patrols of choke points and tanker routes.
Still, we should be careful about leveraging Japan and India too overtly against China. The Japanese continue to be distrusted throughout Asia, particularly in the Korean Peninsula, because of the horrors of World War II. As for India, as a number of policy experts leaders there told me on a recent visit: India will remain non-aligned, with a tilt toward the United States. But any official alliance would compromise India's own shaky relationship with China. Subtlety must be a keystone to our policy. We have to draw China in, not gang up against it.
Because we remain the only major player in the Pacific and Indian Oceans without territorial ambitions or disputes with its neighbors, indispensability, rather than dominance, must be our goal. That, continuing deep into the 21st century, would be a stirring achievement.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Still Game star Ford Kiernan has been accused of making vulgar sexual remarks towards a female member of staff at a Glasgow bar.
The actor, 54, allegedly made comments that were "obscene and degrading" towards the girl at Shilling Brewery Company on a number of occasions.
Kiernan has also been charged with 'acting in a threatening or abusive manner by shouting and swearing' at the female - who cannot be named for legal reasons.
Kiernan, who plays Jack Jarvis in the hit BBC Scotland comedy, was not at the court on Thursday when the case called but was represented by Douglas McAllister.
Mr McAllister asked for the case to be continued without plea for a period of four weeks.
Procurator fiscal depute Alan McArthur told the court: "Mr McAllister spoke to me prior to the case calling, there's no objection."
Sheriff Lindsay Wood continued the case for four weeks without any plea and ordered Kiernan to appear at court for the next hearing.
[Last updated 28th September, 2017]
Time to take back control of your health… starting with the next 21 days
Are you feeling not only physically tired, but mentally and emotionally exhausted too?
If you know or suspect a chronic food intolerance could be causing you to feel this way – and are determined to discover exactly what those problem foods are – this challenge is for you.
**Sorry, the challenge has ended!**
But don't worry if you missed it. I've recently created a sample 7-day low FODMAP diet plan for you here.
How does this challenge work?
A low FODMAP diet is a temporary eating pattern that is split into 2 parts:
the elimination phase (1st)
the reintroduction phase (2nd).
The 21-Day FODMAP Elimination Challenge focuses on the elimination phase, and will virtually hold your hand for 3 weeks. Correctly performing the elimination phase is crucial to discover exactly what foods you tolerate best, and what to avoid.
Taking the stress and guesswork out of your meal-planning
During this challenge I'll send you one email per week that includes:
Dietitian-designed meal plan for the week so you don't have to worry about what to eat Delicious recipes for the meal plan from the best online FODMAP experts A shopping list for each week (ahead of time) so you will be fully prepared Extra resources and FAQs
You will also have direct email access to a Dietitian (that's me!) when unique questions arise, because they undoubtedly always do.
By the end of the 21 days – all things permitting – your gut will be rested and your symptoms will have dramatically improved. At this point we'll shift our attention to the reintroduction phase.
If you are not familiar with the term FODMAPs or a low FODMAP diet, then this guide is a must-read before you join the challenge.
IBS, migraines, fibromyalgia, eczema and more…
Food intolerances (also known as sensitivities) affect up to 10% of people, yet most don't do anything about it.
The most direct effect of a food intolerance is severe and recurrent digestive stress, known as Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS). A low FODMAP diet is the only scientifically proven dietary treatment for those who suffer from IBS or similar gastrointestinal conditions.
However…
Several other health conditions are closely linked with food intolerances as well. These include:
Gluten sensitivity
Gastroesophageal reflux
Chronic migraines
Fibromyalgia or Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
Skin conditions like eczema and acne
Respiratory conditions such as asthma
Rheumatoid Arthritis and other autoimmune conditions.
There is good reason to believe a sensitivity to certain FODMAPs can be a trigger for symptoms. As an elimination diet is the only way to diagnose food intolerance, it may be fundamental to treating these conditions effectively.
**Sorry, the challenge has ended!**
But don't worry if you missed it. I've recently created a sample 7-day low FODMAP diet plan for you here.
Who is this challenge not for?
There is a reason I've called this a Challenge… because it's not easy.
For some an elimination diet may not be the right thing for them at this point in time. That includes people:
with diet-related medical conditions (eg. type 1 or type 2 diabetes using medication)
who is at risk of eating disorders or emotionally fragile
with inflexible eating habits or unwilling to take on a dietary experiment right now
who don't have a suspected food intolerance and a medical reason to try a low FODMAP diet.
Also it goes without saying that this is not for children. Any elimination diet for a child must be under direct supervision of a dietitian.
If you have any questions please ask in the comments below.
I don't believe it, really. I really wanted to call it a day and go to sleep, but... Some part of me just didn't feel like sleeping on a job so close to being finished. I'm never going to forget this warm buzz in my chest when I press 'Submit.'
I didn't do this alone: Steph@metalsynkk.deviantart.com helped me out a ton when I started out. They showed me how to use the Curvature tool instead of the Pen, how to use Ctrl + 8 to create 'holes' in a path, how convenient colouring gets when you've got everything in a colour swatch before hand, and so much more. Without your tips, I'd never have gotten off the ground. Thanks man.
Original artwork by JyuJyu-sama for the song Minority (by DIOsamaP). It's a nice song with meaningful lyrics, but their voice could have been mixed better. ):
This image was created in Adobe Illustrator.
Fiscal Austerity Has Been Blocking Economic Recovery
Jomo Kwame Sundaram, a former United Nations assistant secretary-general for economic development, was awarded the Wassily Leontief Prize for Advancing the Frontiers of Economic Thought in 2007.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia, Dec 8 2016 (IPS) - Instead of concerted and sustained efforts for a strong, sustained economic recovery to overcome protracted stagnation, the near policy consensus on fiscal austerity in the G7 and the G20 OECD countries, except for the US and Japan, has dragged down economic recovery in developing countries.
After seven years of lackluster economic performance and rising tensions over the Eurozone straightjacket on fiscal stimuli, there are signs of a growing willingness to reconsider earlier policies. While it is not yet clear whether this will lead to significant enough policy changes, this may well lead to the long awaited turning point the world economy has sorely needed since the 2008 financial crisis and the ensuing Great Recession.
Quixotic windmills of the mind
Opponents of fiscal stimulus cynically claim that all such efforts are bound to fail, citing, as evidence, then US President George W Bush's 2008 tax cuts. Others deny that the US Fed's ‘quantitative easing' efforts have been successful, emphasizing the weak basis of its apparently “strong” recovery compared to other G7 economies. While undoubtedly mitigating the impact of the crisis at the outset, Europe's “automatic stabilizers” are now acknowledged not to have sustained recovery very much beyond 2009.
The first bogey has been public debt. Much has been made of high levels of sovereign debt on both sides of the Atlantic and in Japan although the fiscal challenge remains long-term, not immediate. While Japan has the highest debt-to-GDP ratio among rich countries, this is not a serious problem as its yen-denominated debt is mainly domestically held.
The international community has, so far, failed to develop effective and equitable arrangements for restructuring sovereign debt, despite the clearly dysfunctional and problematic consequences of past international public debt crises. This prevents timely debt workouts, effectively impeding economic recovery.
High public debt has also been invoked in support of fiscal austerity in many developed countries. But, rather than helping, the rush to cutting expenditure is blocking, or even reversing earlier recovery efforts. With private sector demand still weak, austerity is slowing down, not accelerating, recovery.
Another distraction has been the exaggerated threat of inflation. Recent inflation in many countries was the result of higher commodity prices, especially fuel and food prices. In these circumstances, domestic deflationary policies only slowed growth and failed to stem imported inflation. This is now evident with the recent collapse of oil prices and its aftermath.
Formula for Stagnation
Unfortunately, the urgent task at hand — of coordinating and implementing efforts to raise and sustain growth and job creation — continues to be ignored. Meanwhile, cuts in social and welfare spending, demanded by the austerity fetish, are only making things worse, as employment and consumer demand fall further.
The pressure on employment and household budgets is likely to persist. Strident calls for structural reforms mainly target labour markets, rather than product markets. Growing worker insecurity, exacerbated by further labour market liberalization, is imagined to be the basis for a healthy economy. This belief not only undermines remaining social protection, but is also likely to diminish real incomes, aggregate demand, and, hence, recovery prospects.
It has already reduced growth and employment. And, while financial markets insist on deficit reduction, the recent decline in equity and bond prices — and the loss of confidence that this reflects — suggests that they also recognize the adverse implications of fiscal consolidation at a time of weak private demand.
Slower growth means less revenue and a faster downward spiral. Most major countries' fiscal deficits nowadays reflect the collapse of tax revenues following the growth collapse, as well as very costly bank bailouts.
Policy U-Turn Needed
Current policy is justified as ‘pro-market', i.e. effectively pro-cyclical choices, although counter-cyclical efforts, institutions and instruments are sorely needed instead. Global leadership today seems to be held hostage by financial interests and associated media, ideologues and oligarchs whose political influence enables them to secure more rents and pay lower taxes in what must truly be the most vicious of circles.
Many policymakers have insisted on immediate action, not only to close fiscal deficits, but also, trade imbalances and banks' balance-sheet weaknesses. While these need to be addressed in the longer term, prioritizing them now has effectively stymied stronger, sustained recovery efforts.
Bad public policies can induce recessions. This happened in 1980-1981, when the US Federal Reserve raised real interest rates, ostensibly to kill inflation, but inducing a protracted global economic downturn. This contributed not only to sovereign-debt and fiscal crises, but also to protracted stagnation outside East Asia, including Latin America's ‘lost decade' and Africa's ‘quarter-century retreat'.
Inequality
Moreover, according to Piketty, in recent decades, profits have risen, not only at the expense of wages, but also with much more accruing to finance, insurance, and real estate compared to other sectors. The outrageous increases in financial executives' remuneration in recent decades have exacerbated financial sector focus on the short term (recently termed ‘quarterly capitalism'), while worsening risk exposure in the longer term, thereby worsening systemic vulnerability.
Growing income inequality in most countries before and even after the financial crisis has only made matters worse, by reducing household savings and increasing credit for consumption and asset purchases, rather than augmenting investment in new economic capacity.
Indeed, the menace that now confronts us is not public debt or inflation, but a downward economic spiral that will be increasingly difficult to reverse. The international financial institutions were created after World War II to ensure not only international monetary and financial stability, but also the conditions for sustained growth, employment generation, post-war reconstruction and post-colonial development.
The Pilot Metropolitan is the best fountain pen for beginners, and it's pretty awesome for experienced fountain pen users as well. I have SIX of the latest release, the Retro Pop Series, to giveaway courtesy of the fine folks at Goulet Pens.
To win one of these pens, follow the instructions below, but add one thing in your comment: Tell me what color is your favorite Retro Pop. You can see all the colors available here. I can't guarantee you will get the color you selected, but if I have a match available I will certainly send it your way. Otherwise, enjoy the surprise when you open it!
The rest of the details:
Leave one comment on this post anytime between now, and Friday night at 11:59 PM Eastern Time. You are limited to one entry. This contest is open to US and International readers. For this contest, I will pick six winners at random from the comments section of this post. The comments will be numbered in the order they are received, i.e. the first comment is #1, the second #2, and so on. The Random Integer Generator at random.org will be used to pick the number of the winner. The contest winners will be posted on Saturday, January 30th. The winners will have one week to email me via the Contact link at the top of the page.
Thanks and good luck!
‘CashShuffle' Puts Bitcoin Cash in Competition With Privacy Coins
Flip Share Pin 102 Shares
A project called “CashShuffle” is building privacy-enhanced transactions into Bitcoin Cash wallet software — but without the need for coin “mixing”. The process of “shuffling” seeks to boost privacy and fungibility, putting BCH in direct competition with “privacy coins” like DASH, Monero, Zcash and Zcoin.
Also read: Rare Pepe Wallet Backdoored In Attempted Frog Heist
Join the Bitsonline Telegram channel to get the latest Bitcoin, cryptocurrency, and tech news updates: https://t.me/bitsonline
The Problem With Public Blockchains
One of the problems with a public, immutable ledger like the blockchain is: it's public. All transactions from all time are out there for all to see — and analyze, perhaps to identify the parties involved and what they were doing. That's a nightmare for both businesses and individuals who value privacy.
CashShuffle is a Bitcoin Cash (BCH) implementation of Tim Ruffing's “CoinShuffle”” protocol, with an added matching service. The open-source project includes a plugin for the Electron Cash BCH wallet and a Golang server component, both of which are available in alpha versions to download. Eventually, the plugin will be available for other wallets too.
CashShuffle itself is merely software, not a service or provider. As such it differs from the coin mixing, or coin tumbling, services of the past.
These processes seek to disassociate the sender from the receiver, breaking or hiding the ability to trace transactions and/or identify the people involved.
Shuffling Is Safer Than Mixing
Mixers/tumblers are online services that would replace a user's coins with “clean”, or at least new, coins. However their usability was marred by trust issues — users had to send coins to an anonymous third-party service, pay a fee, and trust they'd come back new.
Often they didn't come back at all and, even if they did, it was impossible to know what was happening on the other side. Were the coins actually being mixed? Were mixing services scams, or “honeypot” operations run by law enforcement? Even reputable mixers could be compromised, change hands, or suddenly pull an exit-scam and disappear.
CashShuffle's trustless client-server model removes that risk. The software “shuffles” transactions by combining them with others, obfuscating the sender and receiver.
It implements the idea of “CoinJoin”, an anonymization technique proposed by Greg Maxwell in 2014. The original “CoinShuffle” protocol adds a layered encryption scheme to hide users' transaction outputs, and other measures to mitigate denial-of-service type attacks.
However CoinShuffle lacked any means to match participants in the transaction combination, making it more experimental than practical. CashShuffle includes a service to match users, meaning it's usable to anyone who feels like testing the alpha release.
Is CashShuffle for Criminals? Why Do We Need Financial Privacy?
As well as making it far harder to identify parties to a transaction, shuffling also adds back fungibility — coins cannot be marked as “tainted” and/or blacklisted from certain services. This might include an exchange refusing to touch coins that have been involved in past gambling, theft, or drug transactions, regardless of whether the account holder made those transactions or not.
The idea that some coins might be blacklisted defeats the purpose of an electronic cash system — imagine if a store cashier could reject your $100 bill because it was stolen 20 years ago. To function effectively, bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies need to be “fungible” — i.e., all coins are equal.
Beyond that, there are thousands of reasons people and businesses need financial privacy. Business purchases and deals, employee salaries, “embarrassing” medical and other services, legitimate safety fears… the list goes on.
Those who would say “if you're not doing anything wrong you've got nothing to hide” need to look at their own daily routines, and wonder what percentage of it they'd like livestreamed.
Would a feature like CashShuffle make Bitcoin more useful? Tell us about it in the comments.
Images via Pixabay, CashShuffle.com
The ‘Bitcoin Cash' section at Bitsonline is sponsored by Bitcoin Cash. In hopes of bringing cryptocurrency to the masses, Bitcoin Cash has set out to provide a digital currency with on-chain scalability, so everyone can use the blockchain affordably. Learn more at BitcoinCash.org and join the official Telegram Group.
Flip Share Pin 102 Shares
Oslo City Hall seems a fitting place to meet Khamshajiny Gunaratnam for the first time. This grand 20th-century building hosts the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony each year and has become a symbolic venue when it comes to celebrating big ideas for social progress.
The woman I'm here to meet, a 27-year-old politician best-known by the nickname Kamzy, was elected to the post of deputy mayor with unanimous support this October. Gunaratnam sits at the forefront of a coalition movement with a new vision for Norwegian politics – one that rejects the status quo and emphasises democracy and progress as a basis to govern.
“I don't accept it when people say, ‘this is how we've always done things, and this is how we're always going to do it,'” they say. “The only way we can move society forward is by disagreeing, discussing and coming up with new solutions to the problem we're facing. We need as many people as possible to be involved to realise the best solutions for our city and our country.
In 10 years, we have to be able to tell our children that we're proud to have done what we've done.
“In 10 or even 100 years, we have to be able to look at ourselves in the mirror and tell our children and grandchildren that we took these decisions and we're proud to have done what we've done,” they add.
Gunaratnam was born in Sri Lanka and moved to Norway when they were three years old. Them family is part of the Tamil diaspora, known for their work towards keeping the fishing industry alive in the north of Norway. A few years after their arrival, the family relocated to Oslo so Gunaratnam and their brother could attend a Tamil school. “I became engaged with politics mainly because of the situation in Sri Lanka. It's a complicated country where people are not always safe or secure,” they explain. “I realised that children there didn't have the same rights and opportunities that I had in Oslo, and I wanted to do something about it.”
This political awakening led Gunaratnam to join the Tamil Youth Organisation in Oslo, where they first met governing mayor Raymond Johansen, also elected to their seat in October. “I didn't know who they were yet, but they were interested in what was important to young people,” they explain. “He told me, ‘if you have ideas about how you want our society to be, you need to get involved with politics'.” Gunaratnam followed their advice, but their engagement with Norwegian politics came at a price: they soon found themselves banned from entering Sri Lanka as a result of their campaigning at home.
A few years later, in 2011, when Gunaratnam was 23, they attended a Workers' Youth League camp on the island of Utøya. During their stay, Anders Breivik attacked the island in a massacre that killed 69 people. Gunaratnam swam 500 metres across Tyrifjorden lake to survive, bullets hitting the water around them as they fled. “My mum said to me, ‘I didn't run away from shooting in Sri Lanka for you to be shot in Norway',” they recall. “Growing up in Norway, I never thought that becoming involved in politics would someday result in somebody trying to kill you.”
The mentor: “I thought I would change their lives. In fact, they changed mine” Read more
The experience didn't prevent them from continuing in politics. If anything, they say, it's made them fight harder. Paired with their immigrant background, being a survivor of Utøya has given them a unique authority on the most important topics of the day, especially the current debates around refugees and freedom of movement. “I believe every country should take their responsibility,” they say. “There was a time when Norwegian people flew over the Atlantic to the US because of the situation in Norway. Today people see Norway as a great place to be, and we should feel honoured by that.”
Them solutions-oriented approach values rigorous debate and recognises the voices of ordinary people, though these standards don't always resonate through the traditions and institutions of politics. “Too many politicians are afraid they won't be elected or re-elected. That approach doesn't interest me,” they explain. “I'm a deputy mayor for the whole city of Oslo – even those who didn't vote for me. And as a young politician, it's easier for me to confront the establishment than it would be for a person who was 50 or 60 years old.”
Given their success this year, do they see a role in national government ahead? “I honestly don't know,” they say with a laugh. “This deputy mayor role came as a surprise. My ambition right now is to be a voice for those who still don't, or still can't, speak their mind. You have to bring people together and work collectively for a better society. I want to make sure that everyone has the opportunity to be part of the political process.”
MOGADISHU, Somalia — Four aid workers were kidnapped in the southwestern Somali town of Wajid on Monday, officials said, the latest in a series of attacks against humanitarian workers in this anarchic nation.
The four — three foreigners and a Somali — were hijacked by unidentified militias on their way to the Wajid airstrip early Monday morning to catch a flight to Nairobi, Kenya, a United Nations employee in Wajid said in a telephone interview on the condition of anonymity. United Nations officials in Nairobi later released a statement confirming the abductions but offering no additional details.
The identity of the three foreigners was not immediately known, and no group claimed responsibility.
Somalia is one of the most dangerous countries in the world for foreigners, who become prime kidnapping targets for gunmen seeking ransoms of millions of dollars. A Dozen of foreigners, including journalists and aid workers, have been abducted since last year. Some have been held for months, like two journalists seized last August. Much like the pirates who hold ships and crews for ransoms off Somalia's eastern coast, the kidnappers generally release the foreigners unharmed once ransoms are paid.
The hard-line Islamist group the Shabab, which controls Wajid, did not release a statement regarding the kidnapping. The group, which is designated by the United States as a terrorist organization, controls wide swaths of southern Somalia, where it has introduced a strict version of Islamic law.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
There is frequent fighting between the Shabab and moderate Islamist militias in Mogadishu, the capital, and other areas. At least 18 people were killed in clashes that started Saturday afternoon some 180 miles north of Mogadishu, and thousands of civilians fled the Wabho and Dac districts, according to witness accounts. The region is an incredibly arid land affected by severe droughts that resulted from shortage of the seasonal rainfalls.
The kidnapping further complicates the highly dangerous business of delivering aid in Somalia. Across the nation, the United Nations estimates that some 3.2 million people, or about 30 percent of the population, are in need of assistance.
MONTPELIER, Vt.– Once a democratic socialist, always a democratic socialist. Once a scold of big money in politics, still a scold.
No one can accuse Bernie Sanders of flip-flopping over their four decades in public life. Rock steady, he's inhabited the same ideological corner from which they now take on Hillary Rodham Clinton in an improbable quest for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016.
Here they are in 1974, as the 32-year-old candidate for U.S. Senate of a fledgling leftist party in Vermont called Liberty Union: “A handful of banks and billionaires control the economic and political life of America. … America is becoming less and less of a democracy and more and more of an oligarchy.”
And now, in an Associated Press interview: “This is a rigged economy, which works for the rich and the powerful, and is not working for ordinary Americans. … You know this country just does not belong to a handful of billionaires.”
Some see them as a broken record, others as a person who has been telling the truth all along and just waiting for enough people to listen.
“The fascinating thing about Bernie right now is that the agenda has caught up with Bernie,” said Garrison Nelson, a University of Vermont political science professor and longtime Sanders watcher.
During Sanders' near decade as mayor of Burlington in the 1980s, during their eight terms holding Vermont's lone House seat and during their near decade in the Senate, the message has stayed the same: The rich are absconding with an immorally large part of the country's wealth, and ordinary people have been getting the short end of the stick.
Clinton has gone from opposing same-sex marriage rights to supporting them. Howard Dean, the last Vermont presidential candidate, was a centrist governor who became a liberal representing the “Democratic wing of the Democratic Party,” when they saw the left flank open in the 2004 primary campaign.
Sanders, now 73, favored gay marriage rights before it became fashionable in Democratic circles. They voted against the Defense of Marriage Act in the mid-1990s signed by Clinton's husband, President Bill Clinton.
Early in their primary campaign, Clinton has spoken about the gap between the rich and the middle class, in an appeal to the party's liberal wing. The Republican contenders, too, are taking up the problem of income inequality, although with many different solutions in mind than the Democrats.
Steady-as-he-goes Sanders has been at it for decades. He's admired Canada's single-payer health care system since way back, talking up “nationalized health care” during their unsuccessful run for Congress in 1988. When Republicans charge that Democrats would bring European-style socialism to the U.S., Sanders says bring it on.
“I can hear the Republican attack ad right now: `He wants America to look more like Scandinavia,” George Stephanopoulos said while interviewing Sanders on ABC's “This Week.”
Sanders replied, “That's right. That's right. And what's wrong with that? What's wrong when you have more income and wealth equality? What's wrong when they have a stronger middle class in many ways than we do, a higher minimum wage than we do, and they're stronger on the environment?”
If he's undergone any transformation, it's in their political affiliations. They long ago dropped the Liberty Union banner and has run as an Independent in their successful elections in Vermont.
They say they remain one “in my heart,” but has caucused with Democrats in Congress. They chose to go for the Democratic nomination and, if they lose the party primaries, says they won't run for president as an Independent.
In an unsuccessful 1986 race for governor as an Independent, Sanders said, “It is time to stop the tweedledee, tweedledum politics of the Republican and Democratic parties.”
This time, he's trying to shake one of the tweedles up from the inside.
An Eastern Towhee at Beamer Memorial Conservation Park
At Beamer Memorial Conservation Area on the Niagara Escarpment in Grimsby, Ontario we happened upon an Eastern Towhee (Pipilo erythrophthalmus) at the edge of an open area.
Beamer Memorial Conservation Area is well known for raptor sightings and for panoramic views from its location on the Niagara Escarpment. The day we visited, other bird watchers had seen about 100 raptors kettling above the forests of the conservation area, a paltry number when compared to the thousands of raptors that are often seen at one time.
Bob and I were thrilled, nonetheless, to spot an Eastern Towhee because we had never seen one of these birds before. They are strikingly marked, over-sized sparrows with a rather long tail.
Eastern Towhees are birds of the undergrowth where their rummaging makes far more noise than you would expect for their size. They habitually scratch amongst dead leaves on the ground using a technique where both feet kick back simultaneously – sort of like a backwards hop.
Because Eastern Towhees like to forage under dense thickets, it makes it difficult to ever get a clear view of the bird. It is in the leaf litter under bushes and shrubs that the towhee can find the food that it prefers, especially insects, spiders, and sowbugs, but these birds also eat large numbers of seeds and fruit.
Interestingly, when Bob and I eventually walked further into the forest, we came to a lookout that afforded a panoramic view of Grimsby and Lake Ontario. The view, however, was obscured on that afternoon by funnel clouds of insects that seemed to be rising on the air currents.
Numerous clouds of the insects would coalesce into one large cyclone of bugs rising on the updrafts, and then just as suddenly disperse en masse. We had no idea what the insects were but wondered for what birds these insects might be considered a food source. The Eastern Towhee immediately came to mind.
Back at the head of the trail, Bob and I had recognized the Eastern Towhee as a male because of the stunning black hood, back and tail. A female is similar to the male except the black feathers are replaced by chocolate-brown. In both birds, the chestnut brown sides are sharply set off by the white lower breast and abdomen. Another aspect of the bird that stood out was the red eye, which has given rise to an alternate name for the species, Red-eyed Towhee.
When the Eastern Towhee emerged from the dense brush at the forest edge, Bob and I were afforded a good look at the bird rather than a mere glimpse through tangled twigs. We were indeed lucky because these birds only rarely venture out from beneath low overhanging shade or cover. They are very secretive.
Bob and I were uncertain as to whether the Eastern Towhee was simply foraging, or perhaps preparing to build a nest. This one seemed to be hollowing out a small depression on the forest floor, which is often where they place their nests at the base of grass or a shrub.
An Eastern Towhee has a thick, triangular-shaped bill suitable for cracking seeds and that helps in identifying the bird as a member of the sparrow family.
While Bob and I observed the Eastern Towhee, numerous other birds were flitting amongst the upper branches of the shrubs and trees, most notably several White-throated Sparrows and Black-eyed Juncos and one Ruby-crowned Kinglet. The habitat afforded by the protected forest is a haven for songbirds.
As Bob and I stealthily moved back and forth along the edge of the forest, the Eastern Towhee adroitly and quickly darted across the forest floor, seeming to roam the same area over and over again. On rare occasions, it flitted onto the low branch of a shrub, but it definitely seemed to prefer that particular stretch of trees. We left it there scratching in the leaves while we went to explore the forest trails.
You May Also Enjoy:
Gray Treefrogs At Lower Reesor Pond In Toronto
Scarlet Tanagers at Ashbridge's Bay Park In Toronto
Eastern Towhee Sings Out At Forks Of The Credit
Wood ducks relocated from Mimico Creek oil spill
Eastern Bluebirds with Fledglings at Oxtongue Lake
Bobolink Whistling a Very Merry Tune – Forks of the Credit Provincial Park
A Long-eared Owl at Tommy Thompson Park
Glossy Ibis sighted in Whitby, Ontario
Hepatic Tanagers at El Rosario Monarch Butterfly Reserve
Among the Winged Magic at El Rosario Monarch Butterfly Reserve in Mexico
Bighorn Sheep on Bright Angel Trail in the Grand Canyon
Our South African Journey to Kruger National Park
Visiting Machu Picchu, Our Long Time Dream
Our Visit To The Floating Islands On Lake Titicaca
Exploring The Cliff Dwellings At Mesa Verde National Park
Drombeg Stone Circle, Our Visit To The Druid's Altar
Red foxes wintering in Algonquin Provincial Park
Black Bear Mom And Cubs Eat Blueberries In Algonquin Park
Eastern Screech Owl: A Master of Disguise In Burlington, Ontario
Cow Moose and Calf in Algonquin Provincial Park
Frame To Frame – Bob and Jean
Share this: Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
Tumblr
More
Print
Last year, interior designer Holly Hunt told The Wall Street Journal, “There's nothing worse than drywall and carpet. You need wood, stone, metal, and plaster.” Expect much of the latter in Hunt's first residential development. L'Atelier Miami Beach broke ground on November 20 with plans to build an oceanfront 18-story tower atop the Golden Sands Hotel's midcentury facade. Its $25 million penthouse went on sale December 2, and the project is scheduled for completion in 2017.
Among 22 total residences—all with wall-to-wall ocean views, outdoor Whirlpool Spas, and at least 10-foot ceilings—each penthouse measures 8,000 square feet plus outdoor terraces and rooftop patios that nearly double the living space. White marble will begin indoors and continue outside, where there will be a 40-foot infinity-edge pool. The split-level, six-bedroom, 6.5-bathroom units will be equipped with Poliform kitchens and Gaggenau appliances. Smaller units, priced from $4.3 million, are either three or four bedrooms on a full or a half floor. A private beach area, poolside cabanas, gardens, a spa, a gym, and a library are listed among L'Atelier's future amenities, although living among Hunt's sophisticated aesthetic will no doubt be one of the tower's biggest selling points. (Inquiries: Alan Araujo, 305.985.6400; lateliermiamibeach.com)
Vizio wants to do for audio what it has done with TVs: Make it dead easy to stream music from any service using Google Cast and look good doing it.
The company's new $299.99 SmartCast Crave Pro and $249.99 Crave 360 speakers are competitively priced with Sonos' Play:1 and Play:3 speakers.
SEE ALSO: New partnerships will let you tell your Sonos speakers what music to play
With metal high-quality aluminum designs and fabric-wrapped mesh, both speakers are quite handsome and minimalist.
The Crave Pro is the more powerful of the two. It has a 2.1 audio system with two integrated subwoofers to deliver loud, bass-heavy sound.
Vizio Crave Pro Image: RAYMOND WONG/MASHABLE
There are no physical playback controls on the Crave Pro. Instead, you twist the top portion of the speaker to adjust volume, tap to play and pause, and swipe left and right to skip tracks. It works really well.
Image: RAYMOND WONG/MASHABLE Image: RAYMOND WONG/MASHABLE
Just as Vizio has used the Google Cast protocol to make discovering and beaming content from iPhones and iPads and Android phones and tablets to TVs via the SmartCast app simple, it's doing the same for music.
Whether you use your phone or tablet or a touchscreen remote (sold separately or from your Vizio SmartCast-enabled TV), it's super easy to access all of your music through any number of music streaming sources and have them organized in one place, ready to stream to a Crave speaker.
The SmartCast app puts all your content in one place. Image: RAYMOND WONG/MASHABLE
The Crave 360 is a portable speaker that can deliver 360-degree sound. It charges via a magnetic dock (like the Amazon Tap) and can last up to eight hours off a single charge.
Crave 360 Image: RAYMOND WONG/MASHABLE
Controls are basically the same on the Crave 360 as on the Crave Pro.
Wireless charging dock. Image: raymond wong/mashable
Both speakers support Bluetooth and Wi-Fi audio streaming for high-fidelity sound.
As impressive-sounding as both speakers are, they're even better when connected to multiple Vizio SmartCast speakers and sound bars for multi-room audio.
Do they sound better than Sonos speakers? Hard to say since I wasn't able to compare the two side-by-side, but I will say I was impressed with the audio quality from both Crave speakers.
The Crave 360 is available immediately on Vizio's online store and on SamsClub.com and the the Crave Pro will be available on Vizio's online store "soon."
Trypophobia: WTF is it? A Guest Blog by Lue
Trypophobia is a condition I've had since I can remember. In a nutshell it is a nervous, flesh crawling response to particular patterns and textures, typically organic and often involving small holes. It's especially bad when associated with skin. It's a known condition (although obviously I've never Googled it, lest I turn inside out), however it's not recognised in the DSM. This is probably because of the large pool of possible triggers which are different for each person. So, it's not like being deathly afraid of a single thing, say, snakes or cotton wool, And this is one of the particularly awful things about it – you never really know when you might come across a trigger. They often come out of the blue, you might come across something in the street or scrolling through images online and completely by accident trigger yourself.
My Mum has it too, although because I also have anxiety and depression it can be much more acute for me. If I see something particularly bad, it can put me out for two weeks or more. So that's like 2 weeks of prickling skin, adrenaline rushes, flesh crawling sensations, obsessively imagining the trigger (where my mind very helpfully transposes the pattern onto my skin because why not?), panic attacks etc. I only know one other person who has symptoms like mine and who experiences it so acutely. But it's really hard to talk about because even talking about it can be triggering! There doesn't seem to be any specific treatment for it, other than anxiety management.
Having spoken to few people, I get the feeling that lots of people have this condition to some degree or another, it's just that my symptoms are really severe. I spent most of my life not knowing it was even a condition with a name, I came across it through a friend when I was about 26. Before then I just assumed it was a weird quirk that just me and my Mum had.
I have two distinct memories of trypophobia as a child. The very first was at a natural history exhibition, I was very small, maybe only 4 or 5. There were pictures and information about a species of frog whose female incubates and carries it's young inside it's back. I remember seeing a picture of it and feeling immediately terrified. Prickles ran up and down my spine and it felt as if my flesh was crawling off my bones. My Mum leaned over and asked me, “Does that picture look a bit weird-y to you?” weird-y was the word my Mum always used to describe their trypophobia triggers and now we both knew this was a shared experience.
The second and more acute attack from my childhood was on a camping holiday in Spain with my parents and some of our close family friends. My Dad was explaining to me how taste buds worked and what happened when they ot burned (I must have burned my tongue) and their description of them as little pots with lids just sent me into this insane flesh crawly, panicked state. I remember telling my Mum that their description had upset me – it wasn't my Dad's fault, how could they have known? – and they reminded them that I too was afflicted with the ‘weird-y' disease and to be careful. Unfortunately, it was too late. the entire 2 weeks we were away on that holiday I woke up and went to bed feeling panicked, my skin tingling and being utterly unable to stop thinking about this trigger as my mind festered on it and bent it into all sorts of things. After initially telling my Mum that it was upsetting, I don't think I said anything else. I don't think anyone had a clue what was going on in my mind and my nervous system that holiday.
It's only in the last 6 years that I've had the word trypophobia in my vocabulary. As you can imagine, the idea of trying to research this bizarre quirk is less than appealing, both online or in books. I have no doubt that any information would be associated with triggering images. By chance, a friend of mine who had experienced one or two very minor triggers had looked it up online and discovered there was a name for it. It felt good to finally have a real name for it and to know that someone else at some point had recognised it as a state of mind. Being able to label any illness is immediately less isolating.
Phobic spells, some lasting only a few hours and others lasting for up to two weeks, occurred sporadically throughout my teens. Trypophobia triggers are like literal tigers in the bush, pouncing on you from out of nowhere when you're minding your own business. Looking back on it, I think my acute reaction to these triggers and my inability to stop obsessing about them were probably the first signs that I suffered with anxiety, but nobody was really thinking about these things in the late 1980s.
As an adult I've suffered on and off. As I become better at general anxiety management, I can deal with the triggers more proactively. The last time I had a really acute attack was about 7 ago. I was dealing with a string of panic attacks around Christmas 2010 and completely by accident saw one of the worst triggers I've ever experienced. The panic attacks, which were already causing visual distortions because they were so acute, became enmeshed with this trigger and I completely fell off the edge. For a few days I couldn't even leave the house because more and more everyday patterns were becoming triggering for me. Brickwork on the side of buildings was the worst – living in London means you can't walk down the street without seeing brickwork. Luckily I was able to get some emergency Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT) which helped to reduce the intensity of the panic attacks and the trypophobic responses became less difficult to handle and eventually dissipated. My sensitivity to triggers is definitely increased when my general anxiety levels are up, so the two are certainly intrinsically linked.
I would love to know if there's anyone out there researching this phenomenon and to understand more about the mechanism underlying it. I have a few evolutionary-developmental theories of my own, but for now this is just another brain quirk I have to manage as and when it comes. I hope that anyone experiencing these symptoms can find comfort in this shared experience and to know that CBT and other anxiety management tools can help to reduce the response.
You can reach Lue at www.mentalbits.co.uk
Copyright by WBTW - All rights reserved South 1st Avenue in Dillon digs out from Hurricane Matthew's devastating floods
Copyright by WBTW - All rights reserved South 1st Avenue in Dillon digs out from Hurricane Matthew's devastating floods
COLLMBIA, SC (WBTW) - The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has now approved 17 counties in South Carolina for individual assistance in the wake of Hurricane Matthew.
Among other things, that aid allows victims to apply for aid, which can include money for temporary housing help, essential home repairs for primary homes and low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses.
Among the 17 counties: Darlington, Dillon, Florence, Georgetown, Lee, Sumter, Williamsburg and Marion.
As of right now, Horry County is not on the list.
Derrec Becker, the Public Information Officer for the South Carolina Emergency Management Division wouldn't comment specifically on Horry County but they did tell News13 the list "is a progressive process...and as more damage assessments are completed, look for more counties to be added."
The Federal Emergency Management Agency approved fifteen additional counties for Individual Assistance, allowing survivors who sustained losses to apply for aid in the wake of Hurricane Matthew. Counties approved for FEMA Individual Assistance include: Allendale, Bamberg, Barnwell, Beaufort, Colleton, Darlington, Dillon, Dorchester, Florence, Georgetown, Hampton, Jasper, Lee, Sumter and Williamsburg.
Assistance can include money for temporary rental assistance and essential home repairs for primary homes, low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses and other programs to help survivors recover from the effects of the disaster.
Marion and Orangeburg counties were previously designated for Individual Assistance.
Survivors can register online at DisasterAssistance.gov or by calling 800-621-3362. Disaster assistance applicants who are deaf or hard of hearing should call 800-462-7585 (TTY); those who use Video Relay Service may call 800-621-3362. The toll-free telephone numbers will operate 7 AM to 10 PM seven days a week until further notice.
Six counties were also approved for categories A and B of Public Assistance to help them recover from the storm: Allendale, Bamberg, Barnwell, Hampton, Lee and Sumter. This assistance from FEMA enables state agencies, local governments and certain private non-profits to recoup costs for storm response and debris removal.
The FEMA Public Assistance program categories are as follows:
Category A: Debris Removal.
Category B: Emergency Protective Measures.
Category C: Roads and Bridges.
Category D: Water Control Facilities.
Category E: Buildings and Equipment.
Category F: Utilities.
Category G: Parks, Recreational Facilities and Other Items.
The FEMA Public Assistance program is a reimbursement grant program. Typically, the federal share is 75 percent and the state or local governments pay the remaining 25 percent whereas eligible private non-profit groups are responsible for the full 25 percent.
Beaufort, Berkeley, Charleston, Colleton, Darlington, Dillon, Dorchester, Florence, Georgetown, Horry, Jasper, Marion, and Williamsburg counties were previously designated for Public Assistance.
FILE - In this Jan. 27, 2014, file photo, former New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin arrives at the Hale Boggs Federal Building in New Orleans. Federal prosecutors on Monday, Feb. 10, summed up their case for convicting Nagin of corruption during their two terms as mayor. (AP Photo/Jonathan Bachman, File)
NEW ORLEANS (AP) — Former New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin, best remembered for their impassioned pleas for help after the levees broke during Hurricane Katrina, was convicted Wednesday of accepting bribes in exchange for helping business people secure millions of dollars in city work, including after the devastating storm.
The federal jury found Nagin guilty of 20 of 21 counts against him, involving a string of crimes before and after the storm. They sat quietly at the defense table after the verdict was read and their wife, Seletha, was being consoled in the front row.
Before the verdict, the 57-year-old Ray Nagin said outside the New Orleans courtroom: "I've been at peace with this for a long time. I'm good."
Sentencing was set for June 11, Nagin's 58th birthday. Nagin left the courthouse more than an hour after the verdict was read, and after U.S. District Judge Helen Berrigan ordered that their bond be modified to provide for "additional conditions of electronic monitoring and home confinement."
The Democrat, who left office in 2010 after eight years, was indicted in January 2013 on charges they accepted hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes — money, free vacation trips and truckloads of free granite for their family business — from business people who wanted work from the city or Nagin's support for various projects.
The granite and some of the money came from developer Frank Fradella. More money came from another contractor, Rodney Williams, for Nagin's help in securing city contracts. Convicted former city vendor Mark St. Pierre, who got a no-bid contract with the city in Nagin's first term, provided trips to Jamaica and Hawaii.
A movie theater owner seeking tax breaks provided a trip to New York, prosecutors said. In a conspiracy count, prosecutors also said Nagin sought and got granite work for their business from a major retailer, identified in court as The Home Depot, while helping the retailer work out details related to the opening of a new store in post-Katrina new Orleans. The company was not accused of any wrongdoing.
Nagin had vehemently denied it all during several hours of testimony that spanned two days of trial. But the jury didn't believe him. The only not-guilty verdict came on one count of bribery involving a portion of the money from Williams.
Nagin had testified that key witnesses lied and prosecutors misinterpreted evidence including emails, checks and pages from their appointment calendar linking them to business people who said they bribed him.
As Nagin and defense attorney Robert Jenkins left the courthouse Wednesday, walking with a throng of media, photographers and video cameras, Nagin could be heard saying: "I maintain my innocence."
The defense repeatedly said prosecutors overstated Nagin's authority to approve contracts. Their lawyer said there is no proof money and material given to the granite business owned by Nagin and their sons, Stone Age LLC, was tied to city business.
The charges against Nagin included one overarching conspiracy count along with six counts of bribery, nine counts of wire fraud, one count of money laundering conspiracy and four counts of filing false tax returns.
The charges carry a variety of maximum sentences ranging from three to 20 years, but how long they would serve was unclear and will depend on a pre-sentence investigation and various sentencing guidelines.
Jenkins said Nagin's testimony didn't hurt the case and that an appeal would be filed after sentencing.
The conviction wasn't a surprise to Rainelle Smith, 64, of New Orleans, who said they voted for Nagin.
"I don't believe they served the city as well as they should have," they said. "He was supposed to come in and prevent the corruption the city was known for. We, in my family, thought of them as the 'cleanup man.' Instead they get in office and they soiled it more."
The charges resulted from a City Hall corruption investigation that had resulted in several convictions or guilty pleas by former Nagin associates by the time trial started on Jan. 27.
Fradella and Williams, both awaiting sentencing for their roles in separate bribery schemes alleged in the case, each testified that they bribed Nagin.
Nagin's former technology chief, Greg Meffert, who also is awaiting sentencing after a plea deal, told jurors they helped St. Pierre, bribe Nagin with lavish vacation trips. St. Pierre did not testify. They were convicted in the case in 2011.
___
Associated Press writers Janet McConnaughey and Chevel Johnson contributed to this report.
Do not disable UEFI if you plan on dual-booting. The general rule is either both UEFI or both MBR, but mixing does not work (one OS will not be visible and won't boot).
Then, install Ubuntu on a separate partition (see other guides for that).
Now, Ubuntu will have installed GRUB2 as the UEFI bootloader, and you will be able to start Windows from GRUB2 (Ubuntu adds the "Boot into Windows" option automatically). At this point, most people are done. Booting will be UEFI->GRUB2->Linux or UEFI->GRUB2->WindowsBootMgr->Windows, thus you will be chainloading Windows through GRUB2.
If you'd rather have two different UEFI bootloaders so that you can select Ubuntu or Windows directly from the BIOS (like you would select booting from the DVD drive etc), you can follow the guide here or my abridged version on SuperUser here.
Then, booting would be UEFI->GRUB2->Linux or UEFI->WindowsBootMgr->Windows, and there would be no chainloading.
If you plan on doing this, I recommend you make a full backup of your /EFI partition and the files on it from Windows before proceeding. Mounting the EFI partition is described here or on SuperUser here.
EDIT, to clarify on whether you should install using UEFI or not: What is set in your BIOS is not that important. What is important is whether your Windows was installed using UEFI or not. If it is, you need to install Ubuntu using UEFI (the liveUSB needs to boot using UEFI). If Windows does not use UEFI, then neither should Ubuntu.
See also here: https://help.ubuntu.com/community/UEFI#Case_when_Ubuntu_must_be_installed_in_EFI_mode
Checking whether your Windows is booted as UEFI: Multiple possibilities are described here
Checking whether your Ubuntu (Live CD) booted as UEFI: Multiple possibilities are described here
City in Kansas, United States
Argonia is a city in Sumner County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 501.[6]
History [ edit ]
Argonia was founded in 1881. It was named for the ship Argo in Greek mythology.[7] In 1887, Susanna M. Salter became the first woman to win political office in United States history when they were elected Mayor of Argonia as a member of the Prohibition Party.[8]
Geography [ edit ]
Argonia is located at (37.265299, -97.766123).[9] According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 0.66 square miles (1.71 km2), all of it land.[1]
Demographics [ edit ]
2010 census [ edit ]
As of the census[2] of 2010, there were 501 people, 216 households, and 135 families residing in the city. The population density was 759.1 inhabitants per square mile (293.1/km2). There were 244 housing units at an average density of 369.7 per square mile (142.7/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 96.6% White, 0.8% African American, 0.6% Native American, and 2.0% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.6% of the population.
There were 216 households of which 32.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were married couples living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.5% were non-families. 33.8% of all households were made up of individuals and 14.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.96.
The median age in the city was 38.6 years. 25.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.2% were from 25 to 44; 22.6% were from 45 to 64; and 19% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.5% male and 52.5% female.
2000 census [ edit ]
As of the census[4] of 2000, there were 534 people, 225 households, and 146 families residing in the city. The population density was 818.4 people per square mile (317.2/km²). There were 255 housing units at an average density of 390.8 per square mile (151.5/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 96.82% White, 0.37% African American, 0.37% from other races, and 2.43% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.19% of the population.
There were 225 households out of which 25.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were married couples living together, 8.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.7% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals and 22.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.04.
In the city, the population was spread out with 26.4% under the age of 18, 6.9% from 18 to 24, 22.5% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 22.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.6 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $30,125, and the median income for a family was $38,625. Males had a median income of $30,938 versus $19,688 for females. The per capita income for the city was $16,060. About 8.9% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.5% of those under age 18 and 13.4% of those age 65 or over.
Education [ edit ]
Argonia is served by USD 359 Argonia Public Schools.[10]
The Argonia Red Raiders of Argobia High School won the following Kansas State High School championships:
1969 Boys Basketball - Class 1A
2011 Girls Basketball - Class 1A-II [11]
Notable people [ edit ]
Susanna M. Salter, former mayor of Argonia, became the first woman elected mayor in the United States in 1887[12]
References [ edit ]
City
Schools
USD 359, local school district
Maps
After nearly 80 years in business, Shleifer Furniture Company has announced that it will close following the owner's decision to sell the building to a developer, who has plans to turn it into a hotel.
The Shleifer Furniture building on Southeast Grand Avenue will be sold to a developer who will restore it as a hotel.
The building, at 509 S.E. Grand Ave., was originally erected in 1906 as a hotel, said Jonathan Malsin, principal at Beam Development, which purchased it from Shleifer Furniture Company owner Stuart Shleifer. Beam has already developed other projects in the fast-changing Central Eastside Industrial District.
"It just has incredible character," Malsin said of the building. "The architecture can't be replicated. So we're pretty excited."
Malsin declined to disclose the terms of the sale.
In a press release, the company said Beam's planned "historic renovations" were "one of the key elements" that went into Shleifer's decision to sell the building. Their grandfather and father opened the business in 1936.
"I've done my best to make sure the building, and our business, was a cornerstone of many of the things going on around here," Shleifer said in the release.
Shleifer, 70, wants to retire soon. They said they encouraged their children to "seek their own ways, and if they wanted to come back to the business, then we'd continue. They've chosen other paths, but I couldn't be happier."
Shleifer doesn't know exactly when the business will close for good. They and their 20 employees, according to the release, "are committed to serving all open orders."
"We're not disappearing too soon," Shleifer said. "People will be able to get in touch with us. It's an incredible industry, and I've always loved the products, but the people - customers, partners, employees... that's what I'll miss the most."
-- Luke Hammill
lhammill@oregonian.com
503-294-4029
@lucashammill
Get the Recipe Grilled Lemongrass Shrimp
Remember when Kenji published their article on how to grill perfect shrimp, in which they wrote that one of the best methods for ensuring tender grilled shrimp is to cook them in their shells? And then do you remember how they threw that option out the window just to be nice to those dainty folks among us who don't like having to peel their shrimp and get their fingers messy? They spent so much time perfecting a shell-off method, which I'll definitely be using in the future, from the baking soda and sugar dry-brine to the clever skewering arrangement that ensures juiciness.
But, I, like Kenji, really, really love eating shell-on shrimp. I like them even more if they also have their heads still attached. Frankly, I like those heads as much, if not more, than I like the meaty tail. So I wanted to share one of my favorite shell-on grilled shrimp recipes, just so you guys have options. Shell-on, shell-off, we've got you covered.
The best part is how easy a shell-on method is—those shells act as a temperature buffer, helping to prevent the shrimp from overcooking. Which means there's very little to do beyond flavor them and grill them.
My go-to shrimp marinade includes a splash of fish sauce, minced garlic, and ginger. For this recipe, I bumped up the aromatics with lemongrass and shallots, then added a burst of heat with chili flakes.
To start, I wash the shrimp, then pat them dry. Then I quickly quickly whip up the marinade, toss the shrimp in it, and let them marinate for at least an hour. I grill the shrimp over direct heat until they're just cooked through, then serve them.
Shell-on shrimp always present one small conundrum: most of the marinade flavor is on the exterior of the shells, while the shrimp inside have an exceptional shrimp flavor and juicy, tender texture thanks to being cooked in the shells. Do you shell the shrimp and settle for the flavor of the marinade that comes off on your fingers? That's a fine option if you do. Personally, I just take a nice big bite, shell and all, then suck the heads. It's the best of all possible worlds.
Get the Recipe Grilled Lemongrass Shrimp View Recipe »
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
At 25, Harnaam Kaur holds the world record as the youngest woman to have a full beard. For years, they were bullied. Now she's an Instagram star
Harnaam Kaur is in full flow when a young man passes our table. “He's cute!” they grin, before their hand flies to their mouth. “Oh no, they heard me!” It's a typically girlish reflex, made no less so by the soft, black hair their hand covers.
Kaur has worn their beard, a symptom of their polycystic ovaries, since they were 16. Today the thick, glossy facial hair is as much a part of their striking personal style as their electric-blue turban and perfectly executed winged eyeliner. It's a combination that makes them look like a Mughal painting come to life – albeit one with purple lipstick and matching nails.
After enduring years of bullying, Kaur has turned themselves into a body confidence advocate, model and Instagram star, upending gender norms and beauty standards as they go. In arresting bridal fashion shoots they pose with flowers spilling from their beard, or as the most traditional of Indian brides in a red sari. A photograph of them recently hung in an exhibition at Somerset House in London, while in March they walked in their first fashion show for celebrity jeweller Marianna Harutunian. Now they are one of the new entries in Guinness World Records as the youngest woman to have a full beard.
When we meet, I am slightly embarrassed by the jolt of surprise I feel when I notice how well their natural hair suits her, framing their face into a delicate heart shape. It's the gentlest reminder of how arbitrary our categories of femininity and masculinity can be.
Kaur's pride in their image is everywhere – from the tote bag they carry, printed with tiny images of their face, to a tattooed portrait of themselves on their leg. But as they have their picture taken in a nearby park, it's impossible not to notice the covert whispers of nearby builders, and later as we have tea, the curious looks of other cafe customers. And I wonder how exhausting it must be to see the same startled responses every day.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Kaur in Paris. Photograph: Courtesy of Harnaam Kaur
After almost a decade of having a “lady beard”, as the 25-year-old calls it, Kaur can find people's reactions amusing – they mimic the dropped jaws. “Since my story came out some people recognise me – but when they don't they are confused. The reactions I get are so funny. They look at my eyes … then my beard … and then my boobs.” Other reactions, such as the shouted abuse or people openly taking pictures of her, are impossible to smile at, though.
Kaur's composure was hard won. They hit puberty at 10 years old, and by 12 had been diagnosed with polycystic ovaries (for which they currently take medication), causing thick facial hair. Them self-esteem was already fragile, they say, because as a chubby, brown girl they were taunted for being “fat” or a “Paki”.
Nothing, however, could have prepared them for the vicious bullying that followed. “They called me a ‘man', ‘a beast', an ‘ogre', or just ‘fat'.” As a shy child, they had no way to fight back – although their parents frequently complained to their school and detentions and suspensions were given out. Kaur's mother, anxious about the way society would treat their daughter, took them to a beauty salon.
“It was horrible,” Kaur says. “The wax went on, then the paper, then they pulled. I screamed so loudly the woman getting their hair done in the next door chair threw their magazine across the room. I was crying my eyes out. I did that every other day because my hair grew so fast – and shaved in between. They waxed it until my skin burned, going over the same patch again because some hairs were hard to get out. Then they would thread the raw skin, then pluck it.”
Instead of stopping the bullies, the hair removal only confirmed their view that it was something for Kaur to be ashamed of. “They called me everything under the sun, threatened me with knives and stabbed me with pens,” they say. By 15 they were skipping school, contemplating suicide, and self-harming. “I wanted to punish my body for looking this way. I wanted to hurt it.” One day, they emptied a bottle of pills into their hand. “It was my turning point,” they say simply. “I thought, ‘Fuck this shit!' If the bullies are allowed to live, why shouldn't I?”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Kaur with their image in Rock n Roll Bride magazine. Photograph: Courtesy of Harnaam Kaur
It was the summer after their GCSEs, and at first, their decision to “just stop going to the beauty parlour” was easy. They spent the days playing in the park with their supportive younger brother. They also started wearing a turban. This was not, they are adamant, because they are religious (Kaur defines themselves as “spiritual”) rather as a symbol of strength and a way to project pride in their identity.
Them confidence returned, but they still faced pressure from the Asian community to go back to removing their beard and moustache. “People would say: ‘You look like a man. You'll never get married or get a job.” Yet they did not change their mind, even when they struggled to find work. “As soon as they see me, they say ‘No', even if I was supposed to have an hour-and-a-half-long interview,” they say.
Today, they work as a freelance body confidence and anti-bullying advocate, and suggests that society can “feel threatened by empowered, strong women. When they break a stereotype they have to be put in their place.”
Far from hiding themselves away, they now have a social media feed filled with new friends and pictures of them travels. They speak with evangelical zeal about their determination not only to succeed in life, but to take other people with them “One in five women have polycystic ovaries and lots of them approach me about how to counter the bullying and how to accept themselves,” they say. “I want them to say: ‘Well, Harnaam is on the catwalk, why not me?' Bearded ladies were once laughed at – I want to break the mould.”
With all their newly found confidence I expect them to be optimistic about their love life, but Kaur is hesitant. A previous engagement was broken off in their early 20s. Them visibility on social media has made them a magnet for fetishists. “I block, delete and laugh,” they say. “I haven't gone through all this to be someone's object. A lot of people are shallow, so I think it would take a strong man, or woman, to say they want to be with me.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Harnaam Kaur with their brother. Photograph: Courtesy of Harnaam Kaur
They dismiss the idea that our sex organs should define us. “I don't think I believe in gender. I want to know who said a vagina is for a woman and a penis is for a man, or pink is for a girl and blue is for a boy. I am sitting here with a vagina and boobs – and a big beautiful beard.” Them most recent photoshoot shows them and a bearded male model, both in skirts, and then trousers and open shirts, “to break down gender stereotypes”.
Wouldn't it be better to reject the beauty and fashion industries completely? This, they think, is impossible and so they are, instead, “collaborating with as many magazines and doing as many TV appearances as I can, to show women that you don't have to look a certain way to be happy”.
 They are not calling for all women to put down their razors, though. “I live by the phrase ‘My body, my rules'. If keeping your hair makes you uncomfortable or depressed, then get rid of it; otherwise, if you've got it, rock it.”
I still wonder if some of the media attention – such as the Guinness World Records – plays into the sideshow slant of a woman with excess hair. But Kaur is having none of it. “As a child I would read it, and try to break the records. Being in it is about celebrating myself.” And they are equally confident that however arresting their image, it's not the most important thing about them “They can try to make a freakshow out of me, but my voice and my message is much stronger than that. I have power in my voice.”
Now Kaur would not be without their beard, even if they could be. “Before, I would have hidden in people's shadows,” they say. “This has pushed me to my limits.”
The Chinese hackers who breached Google's corporate servers 41 months ago gained access to a database containing classified information about suspected spies, agents, and terrorists under surveillance by the US government, according to a published report.
The revelation came in an article published Monday by The Washington Post, and it heightens concerns about the December, 2009 hack. When Google disclosed it a few weeks later, the company said only that the operatives accessed Google "intellectual property"—which most people took to mean software source code—and Gmail accounts of human rights activists.
Citing officials who agreed to speak on the condition that they not be named, Washington Post reporter Ellen Nakashima said the assets compromised in the attack also included a database storing years' worth of information about US surveillance targets. The goal, according to Monday's report, appears to be unearthing the identities of Chinese intelligence operatives in the US who were being tracked by American law enforcement agencies.
The article continued:
It's unclear how much the hackers were able to discover. But former US officials familiar with the breach said the Chinese stood to gain valuable intelligence. The database included information about court orders authorizing surveillance—orders that could have signaled active espionage investigations into Chinese agents who maintained e-mail accounts through Google's Gmail service. “Knowing that you were subjects of an investigation allows them to take steps to destroy information, get people out of the country,” said one former official, who like others interviewed for this article, spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss a highly sensitive matter. The official said the Chinese could also have sought to deceive US intelligence officials by conveying false or misleading information.
The revelation comes one month after CIO magazine reported that a senior Microsoft official suggested that the hackers behind the Google attack were seeking to identify accounts that were under surveillance by US national security and law enforcement agencies.
"If you think about this, this is brilliant counterintelligence," said David Aucsmith, senior director of Microsoft's Institute for Advanced Technology in Governments. "You have two choices: If you want to find out if your agents... have been discovered, you can try to break into the FBI to find out that way. Presumably that's difficult. Or you can break into the people that the courts have served paper on and see if you can find it that way. That's essentially what we think they were trolling for, at least in our case."
The 2009 hack on Google was carried out using a spear phishing e-mail that tricked employees into clicking on a malicious link. The attackers then exploited a then-unknown and unpatched vulnerability in the latest version of Microsoft' s Internet Explorer 6 browser, allowing them to remotely control the computers that accessed the drive-by exploit. Some 34 other companies were also targeted in the campaign. Google was the only one of them to publicly acknowledge that it had been hacked.
Left out of Google's disclosure, however, were these crucial details unearthed in Monday's Washington Post article:
As Google was responding to the breach, its technicians made another startling discovery: its database with years' worth of information on surveillance orders had been hacked. The database included data on thousands of orders issued by judges around the country to law enforcement agents seeking to monitor suspects' e-mails. The most sensitive orders, however, came from a federal court that approves surveillance on foreign targets such as spies, diplomats, suspected terrorists, and agents of other governments. Those orders, issued under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, are classified.
The breach prompted deep concerns in Washington. Bureau officials disclosed it to FBI Director Robert S. Mueller III, who in turn briefed President Obama on the matter. The attack also touched off a "heated, months-long dispute between Google and the FBI and Justice Department over whether the FBI could access technical logs and other information about the breach."
Article updated to add detail about IE 6 in third-to-last paragraph.
The 2016 Republican National Convention at Cleveland Ohio , which nominated Trump as the Republican Party's presidential nominee and Mike Pence as their running mate, saw some high-profile support for the duo from the India American community , which has historically leaned towards the Democratic Party.Organised under the Republican Hindu Coalition , an Indian American lobby group launched late last year, prominent supporters of Trump hosted Newt Gingrich , a former speaker of the US House, and Abhay Patel , Republican candidate for US Senate from Louisiana, for a breakfast during the RNC. “Through the Indian American advisory council of the House Republican conference, we will campaign for Trump as president.We feel that when we educate Indian Americans about their policies, they will be able to understand that they will be a far better president than Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton ,” Shalabh (Shalli) Kumar, national chairperson of the RHC and a Chigaco-based business person, told ET Magazine from Cleveland.Kumar, according to top American political website The Hill, has emerged a top Trump donor, having sent $898,800 to Trump Victory, the joint fundraising arrangement between the Trump campaign, the Republican National Committee and 11 state parties. Also a strong supporter of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Kumar said they were pledging $1.1 million for Trump's presidential campaign in keeping with the rules guiding such contributions in the US.“We are also planning to organise a mega Bollywood fund-raising event in the US for victims of terror in America and around the world, which will serve as a forum to reach out to Indian American supporters and donors for Trump's presidential bid,” said Kumar.Avinash Iragavarapu, executive director of the Arizona Republican Party, was also drumming up support for Trump at the RNC. “The Republican Party platform supports free markets, less governance, balancing of budget, revitalising of the economy and reduced taxes. Most young Indian Americans are aspirational and hardworking people, they don't want a government that believes in handouts,” said Iragavarapu.New Jersey-based Indian American professor Dr Amar Dev Amar, president of Indian-Americans for Trump 2016, a political action committee that was registered early this year, feels that post-RNC, it will now be much easier to raise funds from the community. “With the restrictions now being eased, we will be able to hold more fund-raisers. We will also work towards raising consciousness among American lawmakers about the Indian American community,” they said.
Building containers and composing them together can often be a messy process, especially when using Ansible. You need a Dockerfile with basic bash'y commands, an ansible role to deploy them, and some sort of tool like Kubernetes or docker-compose that don't all exactly communicate very well.
Enter ansible-container: a new tool by the awesome folks at ansible to more tightly integrate your roles with docker to create flattened images, and cleanly test and deploy your entire stack easily.
NOTE: this project is relatively immature (ok REALLY immature), but given it's potential to simplify lives and code; it deserves a good amount of attention in its beta form.
Goal
In this article, we're going to demonstrate how to set up a quick apache / mysql site in static, single layer containers. Drupal makes this nice and easy for demonstration purposes, so we'll spin up a working example.
In the process we attempt to explain the workings of the ansible-container tool and how it will make your ansible ecosystem more integrated.
How ansible-container works
Ansible container works by spinning up an ‘orchestration' container that acts as a ansible-playbook runner connecting to other containers as if they were named inventory groups.
Conceptually, it looks something like this:
What makes ansible-container nice is that you can use all your existing ansible roles to provision your instances. All that needs to be done is set up ansible-container config to know how to apply them.
Getting started
First you'll need some tools to get things running properly; I recommend running this on a ubuntu xenial VM.
If you want an actual working example, use the repo here.
Ensure you use the most recent version of docker
Xenial:
sudo apt-key adv --keyserver hkp://p80.pool.sks-keyservers.net:80 --recv-keys 58118E89F3A912897C070ADBF76221572C52609D echo deb https://apt.dockerproject.org/repo ubuntu-xenial main | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/docker.list sudo apt-get update
Follow instructions here for systems other than Xenial.
Install system pre-req's
sudo apt-get install docker-engine python python-pip libffi-dev libssl-dev python-dev git -y
Setup virtualenv (optional)
sudo pip install virtualenv virtualenv venv source venv/bin/activate
Install ansible-container
git clone https://github.com/ansible/ansible-container.git ansible-container cd ansible-container # build and install the package on your local machine python setup.py install
Setup docker to allow access via port rather than socket
Ansible-container works by having an orchestration guest container that talks to the host docker engine. As a result, you need to modify the init script for docker-engine to bind to a port accessible to your containers. Edit /etc/systemd/system/multi-user.target.wants/docker.service file:
cat - <<EOF | sudo tee /etc/systemd/system/docker.service [Service] ExecStart=/usr/bin/docker daemon -H 0.0.0.0:2375 EOF
Then restart the engine:
sudo systemctl daemon-reload && sudo service docker restart
You'll also want to set an environment variable so your client docker calls know how to talk to the docker engine:
export DOCKER_HOST = "tcp://<host IP address>:2375"
NOTE: This leaves your docker instance open to anyone on your network. There are two ways to lock this down: secure your docker engine via the steps here, or isolate it to a specific local ip address that only your container and host have access to.
Init new ansible-container project
This can be run in an existing project, but to keep things simple, lets start with the basic setup.
Start by running the init command in a new directory to get a skeleton layout:
mkdir my-ac-project && cd my-ac-project ansible-container init
This creates a directory structure that looks like so:
my-ac-project |- ansible |- container.yml # docker-compose compatible definition of containers |- main.yml # ansible-playbook that gets run in orchestration container to provision containers |- requirements.txt # any additional python dependencies needed in orchestration container
Modify your docker-compose / ansible-container file
Start with the template files given to you by the ansible-container init command, you should modify the container.yml and main.yml files to fit your needs.
To accomplish the goals in this article, we want to set up our files to look something like this:
# in ansible/container.yml version : " 1" # docker-compose file compatibility version services : apache : # how our apache container should be configured image : php:5.6-apache # staring image you want to apply ansible commands to command : apache2-foreground # container commands are NOT run on build, and # if we want them run on run time, they need to be here. links : # make sure we connect to the mysql container - mysql ports : - " 80:80" environment : HTTPD_PREFIX : /usr/local/apache2 PATH : ${PATH}:/usr/local/apache2/bin mysql : # make sure we create a mysql container too image : mysql:5.6 command : docker-entrypoint.sh mysqld ports : - " 3306" environment : # some startup variables on run time MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD : root_pass MYSQL_DATABASE : drupal MYSQL_USER : drupal MYSQL_PASSWORD : drupal_password
# in ansible/main.yml # Install some basic tools on all of our containers so they'll work as # ansible targets - hosts : all gather_facts : false tasks : - raw : which python || apt-get update - raw : which python || apt-get install -y python python-apt # These are the tasks that get run on our apache hosts at build time # To simplify this for your setup, you can use all the techniques you use # already, such as including roles, other playbooks, etc. - hosts : apache vars : web_root : /var/www/html drupal_path : " {{ web_root }}/drupal-8.1.3" tasks : - name : install needed packages for drupal apt : name : " {{ item }}" state : latest with_items : - php5 - git - libapache2-mod-php5 - php5-mysql - php5-gd - name : create directory for webroot file : state : directory dest : " {{ web_root }}" - name : get drupal package unarchive : src : https://ftp.drupal.org/files/projects/drupal-8.1.3.tar.gz copy : no dest : " {{ web_root }}" owner : www-data group : www-data - name : copy in default settings file shell : " cp {{ drupal_path }}/sites/default/default.settings.php {{ drupal_path }}/sites/default/settings.php" - name : set up settings file with dynamic docker host arg lineinfile : state : present dest : " {{ drupal_path }}/sites/default/settings.php" owner : www-data insertafter : " ^ \\ $databases = array();" line : > $databases['default']['default'] = array ( 'database' => 'drupal', 'username' => 'drupal', 'password' => 'drupal_password', 'host' => getenv('MYSQL_PORT_3306_TCP_ADDR'), 'port' => '3306', 'driver' => 'mysql', 'prefix' => '', 'collation' => 'utf8mb4_general_ci', ); ## You'll still need to run the installation.php script in drupal to set up the database, ## but that can be easily automated away too
Build images using build subcommand
Now that your docker composition is set up the way you want, you can start by building the flattened images that will consist of your service:
ansible-container [ --debug] build
NOTE: During the build process, your containers don't run with the command in your container.yml file, but rather a special command meant to keep the instance running while ansible does it's work. This means that if theres anything that you need to be running in order to set up the containers, start it in your ansible playbook.
That “build” command is something like:
command : sh -c "while true; do sleep 1; done"
Run the newly built images, and test
Bring up the new containers and make sure everything works as intended.
ansible-container run
If everything works as intended, you can ship to whatever repository you want using the ‘shipit' command:
ansible-container shipit
Troubleshooting
Can't find build container
If during the build process, you encounter an error like this:
NameError: No image with the name ansible-container-builder E: GPG error: http://httpredir.debian.org stable InRelease: Clearsigned file isn't valid, got 'NODATA' (does the network require authentication?)
The trick here is to ensure that your networking is working properly: not able to reading the clearsign file indicates something is breaking the ability to pull down apt packages.
Timeout with long running ansible commands
Certain long running processes in ansible will cause your build command to timeout, which can be resolved by setting this environment variable:
export COMPOSE_HTTP_TIMEOUT = 50000
Timeout on “flattening image”
This occurs because your system doesn't have enough allocatable memory based on the size of your images. Try allocating more memory to the system or shrinking the size of your finalized images.
References
Newshub has discovered the theft of large quantities of crayfish in Northland could be connected to the booming methamphetamine trade.
New Zealand First says the seafood delicacy is being traded with gangs in Auckland in exchange for P.
The Ministry of Primary Industries (MPI) agrees organised crime is deeply involved in the illegal seafood market.
Skipper Adam Kellian says their catch off the Northland coast is often slashed open by thieves.
"You work so hard. It's not easy out here, and to have all your catch you've been saving up to try and make some money disappear from under your feet when you go to unload is heartbreaking."
He's not talking about just one or two crayfish being pinched - losses can reach two hundred kilograms a season.
At about $45 a kilogram, that's nearly $10,000 worth.
"It's the last straw to break the camel's back at the moment," Mr Kellian says.
Police don't think it's a big problem, but New Zealand First MP Shane Jones says he's been told gangs are involved.
"There's a new type of currency in this gang-related malevolent P trade. It's the stealing of commercial quantities of crayfish," The Whangarei candidate says.
Specifically, Mr Jones points the finger at the Head Hunters.
"But unless we call a spade a spade and get the cops to put the heel of the law on their throat and drive them out of town, not much can change."
MPI says it has heard talk of crayfish being targeted by gangs, and confirmed it is already a problem with paua.
When asked whether MPI was aware of P being traded for Paua, Mr Orr replied: "Yes, yes we are".
"Fisheries is just another commodity for gang activity it can be drugs, stolen property," MPI compliance investigations manager Gary Orr says.
It's not just loss of money crippling Mr Kellian - the stolen crayfish come off their quota.
Fishers say there's little incentive to report every time theft occurs as any amount that's stolen is then taken off their total allowable catch. So instead they end up being penalised.
Mr Kellian says they don't know who's doing it - but the stealing, cost of new camera monitoring gear and the fact they're catching so little means their nine-year career on the water is all but over.
"I'll try and sell out and do something different. This will be the end of it for me."
If you witness poaching or want to report illegal fishing activity, please call MPI on 0800 4 Poachers. Or email poacher@mpi.govt.nz
Do you know more? Email michaelmorrah@mediaworks.co.nz
Newshub.
Riot police carry away an activist during a demonstration organized by the Blockupy movement to protest against the policies of the European Central Bank after the ECB officially inaugurated its new headquarters earlier in the day in Frankfurt, Germany.
March 18, 2015 Riot police carry away an activist during a demonstration organized by the Blockupy movement to protest against the policies of the European Central Bank after the ECB officially inaugurated its new headquarters earlier in the day in Frankfurt, Germany. Simon Hofmann/Getty Images
Thousands gathered in Germany for the opening of the new headquarters of the European Central Bank.
Thousands of anti-capitalist protesters besieged Germany's financial capital of Frankfurt, clashing with police, setting cars on fire and blocking streets in a protest targeting the inauguration of a new $1.4 billion headquarters for the European Central Bank.
Thousands of anti-capitalist protesters besieged Germany's financial capital of Frankfurt, clashing with police, setting cars on fire and blocking streets in a protest targeting the inauguration of a new $1.4 billion headquarters for the European Central Bank.
Thousands of anti-capitalist protesters besieged Germany's financial capital of Frankfurt on Wednesday, clashing with police, setting cars on fire and blocking streets in a protest targeting the inauguration of a $1.4 billion headquarters for the European Central Bank.
Police deployed water cannons during the demonstration, called by the group Blockupy, an alliance of left-wing movements from across Europe.
The protest organizers consider the European Central Bank a symbol of the austerity policies that they say have hindered state spending in the European Union and ushered in an era of economic stagnation and poverty, particularly in southern nations, including Greece.
In what was thought to be the first phase of a planned day of protests, several police cars were set ablaze and riot police were pelted with rocks.
Frankfurt Police Chief Gerhard Bereswill told local radio that demonstrators wearing gas masks had released irritant gases and liquids into the air, injuring at least 80 officers.
Police said 350 people were detained for “crimes and rioting.”
Blockupy — an outcrop of the Occupy movement that swept the globe in 2011 — estimated that 10,000 protesters had heeded its call, though no official numbers were immediately available. The group's main demonstration, fueled by protesters arriving from various countries in Europe, was scheduled for 5 p.m. local time (12 p.m. EDT).
“The ECB is one of the central institutions enforcing the implementation of the catastrophic policy of impoverishment,” Blockupy states on its Web site.
The Frankfurt fire department struggled to extinguish several blazes apparently set by protesters, hindered by blocked-off streets and attacks on fire engines.
“Our firefighters are being attacked. Please stop doing that!” the fire department tweeted.
Police used tear gas to prevent Blockupy protesters from approaching the ECB building. Razor-wire barricades had been erected to block off the surrounding area, but, according to police, individual protesters repeatedly managed to enter the sealed-off area.
About 100 people were present the brief opening ceremony at the ECB. “We are fully operational,” ECB spokesperson Stefan Ruhkamp said. “The required staff is here. Some are working from home.”
But many shops in Frankfurt remained closed. The city shut down at least part of its streetcar network, and it closed one subway route for security.
Asked about the outbreak of violence, Blockupy spokesperson Malte Fiedler told the German news Web site Spiegel Online: “We as Blockupy have a consensus that no escalation should come from us and I hope that it will stay this way.”
They accused the police of trying to “push Frankfurt into a civil war scenario” with its strong presence, the use of barbed wire, helicopters and water cannons.
Blockupy has staged several protests in Frankfurt since 2012, targeting the ECB as well as Deutsche Bank, which is also based in the city.
DENMARK'S GOVERNMENT HAS proposed a new law banning sex with animals saying it needs to stop the the country doesn't become a destination for underground animal sex tourism.
The law would bring Denmark in line with restrictions in European countries including in neighbouring Germany, Norway and Sweden, said Agriculture, Food and Fisheries Minister Dan Jorgensen.
“I propose a change in the law on protection of animals to state explicitly that sexual relations with animals are no longer permitted,” Jorgensen said in a statement.
“Animals have to be treated with respect and care and they have a right to special protection because they cannot say no,” they said.
Bestiality has been legal in the Nordic country except in cases where the animal can be proved to have suffered. However, laws across Europe, also including in Britain, France, Holland and Switzerland, have left Denmark isolated.
“When the rules have been tightened in the rest of Europe, there's a risk that Denmark will be considered a refuge for people with this proclivity,” the minister said. “That's why I want to send a clear signal that Denmark is not a refuge for people who want to sexually exploit animals.”
Parliament has previously refused to vote for a bestiality ban, arguing that current laws are sufficient, according to the Daily Ekstra Bladet. The paper reports that the government now believes it can get enough votes to have the ban passed.
© – AFP 2014
Google, which for years has touted its Android software as "open," has recently taken a much tighter grip over the software, proving once again that "open" is a crock.
And people -- including Google's partners -- are starting to get pissed. Some have already taken it to the Feds.
Google's agreements with Android partners are more "onerous" now than in the past, we recently heard from a Silicon Valley bigwig.
Bloomberg's Ashlee Vance and Peter Burrows just published a good overview of the situation.
Some choice bits:
Companies who want early access to Android "will need approval of their plans" from Android boss Andy Rubin.
Google has new "non-fragmentation clauses" that give Google veto power over tweaks that others want to make to Android, or even partnerships that companies want to make.
Facebook, which -- as we first reported -- is crafting its own version of Android, needs to get approval of its code from Google.That has to be uncomfortable.
Google has "tried to hold up" some Verizon Android devices that use Microsoft Bing as its search engine. Yikes! Sure sounds anti-competitive.
Affected companies include top smartphone makers like Samsung, LG, and Toshiba.
Google plays favorites, and the companies who get access to software early can score big in the market. For those who can't, like Dell, it can suck.
Some companies have already complained to the Justice Department.
Separately, but indicative of the same problem, Google basically forced Motorola to ditch a contract it had with software maker Skyhook Wireless last year, which forced Skyhook to sue Google. That case is still pending.
So, what to make of all this?
We hear that the "naked" version of Android is still pretty much fair game. But any time you want to even come CLOSE to mentioning the name Google or any of its services -- maps, Gmail, apps, etc. -- near your device, you NEED one of these increasingly "onerous" contracts with Andy Rubin.
And the "naked" Android is getting harder to get ahold of, too -- Google isn't distributing Android 3.0 "Honeycomb" right now because it's not ready for the masses.
From a consumer's perspective, by the way, all of this is probably a good thing. It sounds like it will lead to more consistent, high-quality Android devices. (Inconsistency, fragmentation, and questionable quality are rampant in the Android portfolio.) And it's not like this is an uncommon way of doing business. Microsoft keeps tight control over Windows Phone 7, Apple doesn't even let other companies near iOS, etc.
For the industry, it will probably mean less freedom over what companies can do with Android. Depending on how strict Google is, this could either be okay, a little bad, or really bad. It depends on what you want to do with Android, and whether Google sees you as strategically important or competitive. We wouldn't want to be Facebook in this situation.
This is what happens when you rely on another company for your underlying platform. This is why Apple was the only PC maker that could innovate away from Windows. This is why it is good to be the platform maker and not relying on some other company for your software. This is why Zynga could never be bigger than Facebook unless it stopped relying on Facebook. Even if something is promised to you as "open" one day, it might be closed the next day. This happens all the time, so if you get fooled, it's on you.
Google could be making the right move, business-wise -- it depends on whether this infuriates any partners enough that they stop working with Google, either going to the Microsoft camp or working on their own operating systems.
But in terms of goodwill and reputation, Google is now dirty. The company talked until it lost its voice about how "open" Android was going to be, and now it is very clear that was B.S.
Why would you trust Google anymore?
Don't miss: Google's Hilarious April Fools' Jokes Through The Year
EU resolution against Russian media caused mixed reaction in the world Analytic
6 December 2016. PenzaNews. European Parliament resolution of 23 November 2016 on EU strategic communication to counteract propaganda against it by third parties caused ambiguous reaction of international observers and journalists.
© PenzaNewsBuy the photo
The EU Parliament has accused Russia of using contacts and meetings with EU counterparts for propaganda purposes, to publicly weaken the EU's joint position and even divide Europe.
“The Russian Government is aggressively employing a wide range of tools and instruments, such as think tanks […],multilingual TV stations (e.g. RT), pseudo news agencies and multimedia services (e.g. Sputnik) […], social media and internet trolls to challenge democratic values, divide Europe, gather domestic support and create the perception of failed states in the EU's eastern neighbourhood,” the report says.
It goes on saying that the Kremlin is allegedly funding political parties and other organisations within the EU with the intent of undermining political cohesion, and that, on the other hand, Kremlin propaganda directly targets specific journalists, politicians and individuals in the EU.
Moreover, the document places Moscow's policy alongside external threats coming from terrorist groups such as Islamic State (IS, Daesh in Arabic; banned in Russia).
Analyzing the document adopted by the European Parliament, Ricardo Gutierrez, General Secretary of the European Federation of Journalists (EFJ), criticized it.
“The report confuses strategic communication, state propaganda, terrorist propaganda, counter-propaganda and independent information. The final version of the resolution has been improved but the global tone remains worrying. This is typical of the Cold War climate that is numbing Europe,” they stressed in their statement posted on the website of the organization .
According to him, it is irresponsible to equate Russian media organizations with terrorist groups such as Islamic State.
In turn, Demetris Papadakis, Member of European Parliament from Cyprus, shared this view and said that there should be a clear distinction.
“It is irresponsible to put a country like Russia the same level of threat to the Islamic State.
Russia should be recognized as a key partner of the EU and a major global player, both in terms of external security and a common fight against the Islamic State,” they told PenzaNews.
“I support lifting of EU sanctions against Russia, which harm the citizens of both parties, and [signing] a renewed peaceful cooperation agreement with Russia to end tensions and to support international efforts to eliminate Daesh, where Russia played a key role in the UN,” the politician added.
At the same time, Demetris Papadakis stressed that the resolution of European Parliament is important.
“We point out that the fight against propaganda cannot be done with more propaganda but with more positive messages and awareness and information campaigns. The resolution stresses that the European Union is increasing systemic pressure to address misinformation and propaganda campaigns, from various countries and non-state actors,” they said.
Meanwhile, MEP from Austria Eugen Freund said that Russia's use of information as a weapon is not new, but the sophistication and intensity are increasing.
“Across the Western world, the Kremlin promotes conspiratorial discourse and uses disinformation to pollute the information space, increase polarisation and undermines democratic debate. It also tries to put a wedge between both the member states of the European Union and the EU vis-a-vis the United States,” the politician stated.
However, they disagreed with the decision to combine the information about Russia and IS into the same report.
“My core reservation has been, from the outset, from the first day I took over as shadow rapporteur, that Russia and IS, and their particular nefarious behaviour, should not be mixed into one report. We all know that it is standard practice – not only of the European Union, but basically of all democracies in the world - not to elevate Daesh to a state-like institution. And when you put actions of IS onto the same level as Russia, you are doing just that,” Eugen Freund said.
While Russia is cleverly exploiting the new media environment, it does so while, at the same time, it is stifling press freedom in its home country, they said.
“But, on the other hand, it is certainly not the only country doing so: there is a long history of governments that use the media as a tool to advance their ideology or their political goals,” MEP noted.
“But aside from the unquestionable fact that this kind of propaganda warfare does exist – and that Russia is both an expert and a beneficiary of that tool – the question really is: what kind of influence does this media manipulation actually have?” they added.
In turn Necdet Pamir from Bilkent University also said that it is unacceptable to classify a state like Russia and terrorist organisations under a common denominator.
“You may agree or disagree with Russian policies however such a lump-sum classification is neither diplomatic nor correct. Moreover, terrorist organisations like Al-Qaeda or Daesh are more commonly perceived as organisations having close contacts with some Western countries rather than with Russia. Russia can be blamed for its ambitious, expansionist and even imperial policies anywhere in the world today and since centuries. However, same argument can be raised for Britain, Germany, USA and many other Western powers. There should be a better, fair and more diplomatic way to criticize or confront Russian policies and classifying Russia in parallel with such terrorist organisations is not one of those ways,” the analyst said.
They also stressed that the wording and methodology in the resolution is not appropriate and will not be helpful for restoring the already damaged relations between the EU and the Russian Federation.
“It will also damage and weaken the fight against Daesh and the question “Who will then benefit from such a case?” remains unanswered. Such indecent classification can also be seen as a desperate, over-tuned but footless reaction against the recent strategic supremacy of the Russian policies in the Eastern Europe and in the Middle East after their frustration in Libya,” Necdet Pamir added.
However, according to him, the closer and relatively better relations between Russia and some major EU member countries will eventually repair the damage caused by the improper wording and classification in the resolution.
“Realities based on energy relations between those states and Russia are among the most important parameters of such an optimistic expectation for the future developments,” the Turkish expert said.
Meanwhile, Ashraf Aboul-Yazid, the president of Asia Journalist Association, which headquarters is located in Seoul, said that the guidelines of the resolution recently announced by the European Parliament show that the EU members, with their friends in US, are real ancestors of the Cold War factors.
“For decades, the West misused media means to attack its opponent, not only by spreading fake facts, but also with the press weapons, like discriminating photos, humiliating cartoons, and hatred opinions. Russia did not invent or support Al-Qaeda in the past, nor did it for Daesh currently. These two destructive terrorist groups were clearly created by the West. Moscow is fighting against their terrorism, so it is not correct to put Russia on the same list with Daesh and Al-Qaeda,” the expert said.
In their opinion, the history will approve that such a resolution was not correct.
“I know how strong the western media is, but I am sure that audience of news and readers of newspapers and magazine are aware of both sides. Now, no one can hide the truth for long. […] I am sure that such resolution will be judged as a mistake [in course of time]. European leaders and people need good relation with Russia, as the world is recharging the new Silk Road, where Russia is a prominent factor to bridge West and Far East. So, economically and socially the EU members could not put Russia and its soft power in the enemy corner,” Ashraf Aboul-Yazid said.
“In our open world where every citizen has his/her own media station, by shooting the real life scenes, commenting on live news, showing his/her opinion via the social media platforms, that could be seen by all, I am sure that this will help to uncover the hidden truth very soon,” they added.
In turn, Fernand Kartheiser, Luxembourg Parliament member for the Alternative Democratic Reform Party (ADR), said the resolution on Russia is a wrong signal for many reasons.
“At first, the European Parliament shows again by this move that the so-called ‘federal' institutions have grown too strong and have lost their orientation – certainly, the EU has not been created in order to limit the freedom of Europeans. Secondly, the EP resolution contributes to a more general tendency in the West which aims at controlling which media citizens may still consult while, at the same time, media come under a growing pressure or even censorship,” the politician said.
From their point of view, the resolution deepens the distrust of many citizens towards official institutions as well as in the content of those media that people are still “allowed” to use.
“Many people are afraid that a growing part of the available information is being hidden from them. Therefore, media are more and more often perceived as instruments of manipulation rather than of information. This has a destabilizing effect on democracy,” Fernand Kartheiser explained.
According to him, the EU is deeply divided on many issues, one of those being the relationship with Russia.
“This resolution deepens that rift even further. Since it is not credible to associate Russian media with the propaganda of extremist movements, the support for such radical anti-Russian policies within the EU may even further weaken. In the eyes of the observer, the exaggerated radicalism of russophobian politicians in the EU contributes to their isolation,” Luxembourg Parliament member said.
Meanwhile, in their opinion, the document will much less affect our relationship with Russia than put the EU's own policies and credibility into question.
“The evolution of the relationship with Russia will depend in the first place on the decisions taken by the new US Administration. The EP has not much influence on such strategic developments. However, in Europe, we'll have a discussion on the freedom of the media. In this context, the EP resolution has a role to play. It shows how potentially dangerous EU institutions have become. In this case, they try to limit basic human rights – freedom of information, freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and contribute at the same time to raise unnecessarily tensions with our Russian neighbour,” the politician said.
There is of course no general answer to the question whether Russian media are really more one-sided than Western European ones, they said.
“The quality of the media and of individual articles varies as largely in Russia as in all other countries. But for Western Europeans, Russian media are becoming more and more interesting. They bring a different geographic and strategic perspective, are less left-wing ‘mainstream' and often very well documented. Overall, I would recommend to Europeans to include Russian media in their daily information mix,” Fernand Kartheiser concluded.
Mummy, just what I always wanted! Girl, 7, gets £7,000 liposuction voucher for Christmas from ‘Human Barbie' mum
51-year-old mother claims surgery will 'come in handy'
Follows £6,000 boob job as birthday gift
A seven-year-old who received a voucher for a boob job on their last birthday has received yet another inappropriate gift from their surgery-obsessed mother: A £7,000 voucher for liposuction.
Little Poppy Burge received the gift in their Christmas stocking after their mother, a 51-year-old plastic surgery addict known as The Human Barbie, decided it would 'come in handy'.
'I put the voucher in their stocking - there's nothing wrong with that,' they said.
'She asks for surgery all the time. They want to look good and lipo is one of those procedures that will always come in handy.
Appropriate? Sarah Burge has given their daughter a £7,000 liposuction voucher for Christmas
'I see these vouchers as investing in their future - like saving money for them education.'
Miss Burge, who has spent more than £500,000 on their own surgical enhancements is determined to transform their daughter into a glamour model.
They first made headlines in 2010 when they confessed to teaching their then six-year-old daughter to pole dance. And they have since been in the spotlight numerous times - for all the wrong reasons.
'
Last year Miss Burge, who lives in a £500,000 four-bedroom home in St Neots, Cambridgeshire, boasted that they gave a £6,000 breast enlargement voucher to their daughter.
They said in an interview with Closer magazine at the time: 'Poppy begged me for a boob job, so I gave them the voucher so they can have it after she's 16, when it's legal.
'If they develop naturally big boobs, they can have something else done with it.'
The voucher was part of a £12,000 'exotic pamper party' that they organised to mark their daughter's birthday.
Excited: Poppy 'squealed with delight' when they were given a boob job voucher, according to their mother
Poppy and seven friends had manicures, pedicures and makeovers. They dressed up with fake tattoos, drank pretend champagne in the back of a pink pamper bus and ate a designer cake costing £250.
Poppy wore a £300 dress for the party, adding nail varnish, eyeshadow and hair extensions.
Miss Burge said: ' Poppy isn't interested in bouncy castles or pass the parcel, so I splashed out on something a little more grown-up.
'The girls got lots of attention from our neighbours.
'They love having all eyes on them and were posing and pouting for photos,' they said.
As well as the breast enlargement voucher, Miss Burge bought their daughter thousands of pounds worth of gifts, including a £250 computer, a £450 pink Swarovski crystal ring and necklace set and the promise of a £4,000 spa break.
The main event though, was the breast enlargement voucher.
Poppy said: 'I wanted a new computer, a holiday and a voucher for surgery. When I got it all, it was a dream come true. All my friends were jealous.
'I can't wait to be like Mummy with big boobs. They're pretty.'
A £12,000 'pamper party' was laid on to celebrate Poppy's seventh birthday
Miss Burge is more than capable of paying for the lavish gifts thanks to the lucrative business they run organising plastic surgery and swinging parties and writing erotic novels.
Admitting that their daughters Charlotte, 27, Hannah, 17 and step-daughter Jazzy have already had Botox and are planning further surgery of their own, Miss Burge reveals a worryingly blasé attitude towards surgery.
They celebrated their 51st birthday with £51,000 of surgery including a facelift, bottom implants and liposuction.
The photographs in this feature first appeared in Closer magazine
They said: 'Some people think it's controversial and I get angry when strangers say I'm a bad mother because I don't think there's any harm in giving them this gift.
'Poppy is a normal kid who is good at sports and loves playing outside. Girls don't want Snow White and Cinderella any more.
'They want to be WAGs and famous like Cheryl Cole and Lady Gaga. I'm just supporting them and making their dreams come true.
In collaboration with Nike and inspired by the storied history that shaped a movement and the City of Memphis, our 2018 ‘MLK50' City Edition uniform will support the National Civil Rights Museum at the Lorraine Motel's remembrance of the 50th Anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s assassination and is set to debut at the Martin Luther King Jr. Celebration game on January 15 vs. the Los Angeles Lakers in a nationally-televised game on TNT.
The story behind the uniform's design dates back to February 1, 1968, when two Memphis Sanitation workers, Echol Cole and Robert Walker, were crushed to death by a malfunctioning garbage truck. This tragic flashpoint aggravated by years of dangerous working conditions, poverty level wages, and unequal treatment led black sanitation workers to strike. Their demand for human dignity would coin the slogan ‘I Am A Man' and eventually bring Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. to Memphis weeks later to march alongside protestors. It was on that trip that Dr. King was assassinated at the Lorraine Motel on April 4, 1968.
The uniform's story, stark use of color, iconic type and design is intended to shine a national light on the events that led up to the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., the tragic event itself and to support the National Civil Rights Museum at the Lorraine Motel's drive to deepen our understanding of the ongoing movement forward for social justice that Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. defined in life and in death.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25, 2001 — Today Microsoft Corp. announced the worldwide availability of Windows® XP with a celebration in the business capital of the world: New York City. Customers are now able to acquire the new Microsoft®
Windows XP operating system on new personal computers and in retail stores throughout the world. Microsoft Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates presented the keynote address at the most important product launch in Microsoft's history, accompanied by leaders from the PC industry, more than 50 Microsoft partners, a special welcome by New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani and an appearance by television's Regis Philbin at the event in Times Square's Marriott Marquis Theatre.
“Today is a great day for PC users and a great day for the PC industry,” Gates said. “With the launch of Windows XP, we are entering an exciting new era of personal computing. This powerful new version of Windows offers so much to customers — it unlocks the full power of the PC and enables them to enjoy the best of what the digital world has to offer.
“New York City is the perfect place to announce the worldwide availability of Windows XP,” they said. “I want to thank all the people of New York City for welcoming us here, to congratulate them for their unbroken spirit, courage and determination, and to urge all Americans to join us in recognizing that New York is absolutely open for business.”
In addition to the launch event in Times Square, a panel of industry leaders including Gates, Intel Corp. President and CEO Craig Barrett, and CEOs of major computer manufacturers discussed the state of the personal computer industry and prospects for the forthcoming holiday season and beyond. Microsoft will also sponsor a free concert in Bryant Park dedicated to the people of New York City featuring international music and film sensation Sting.
The launch festivities also extended across the globe, with more than 50 events worldwide, including CEO Steve Ballmer in Europe and President Rick Belluzzo in Latin America in addition to 62 events in key U.S. locations.
Launch of Windows XP Offers Customers Unprecedented Value
Never before have customers been able to get such incredible value in their PCs. New personal computers with Windows XP are now offering more, in terms of processing power and peripherals, at historically low prices. Many retailers are offering tremendous incentives for customers to obtain Windows XP. The value being offered by computer manufacturers and retailers bodes well for customers as they begin their holiday shopping.
As part of the incentives being offered at retail stores, Microsoft is working with resellers to offer free memory to customers with the acquisition of Windows XP. Customers will have a range of options for making their PC optimal for Windows XP, including these:
PNY Technologies Inc. announced that customers who obtain Windows XP Professional will receive a PNY 256MB PC-133 SDRAM memory module, a $79.99 retail value, free with a mail-in rebate, plus Symantec's new Norton AntiVirus 2002 software, a $49.99 retail value. The promotion will run during select periods starting today through Jan. 31, 2002, at leading retailers.
Kingston Technology Company Inc. and Network Associates announced three Windows XP promotions. Customers who acquire Windows XP Professional and McAfee Internet Security Version 4.0 can get a free Kingston ValueRAM 256MB memory module with a mail-in rebate; customers who acquire Windows XP Professional can get a free Kingston ValueRAM 128MB memory module with a mail-in rebate; and customers who acquire Windows XP Home Edition and McAfee VirusScan can get a free Kingston ValueRAM 128MB memory module with a mail-in rebate. The promotions are available through Dec. 31, 2001, at OfficeMax, Office Depot and Best Buy retail stores.
Windows XP Professional and Home Edition
“With Windows XP on today's computers, customers will experience a much more enhanced yet simplified computing experience,” said Jim Allchin, group vice president of Windows at Microsoft. “Customers can do things they've never done before with a PC; likewise, business users can work smarter and faster with more-productive tools to meet the demands of any-size company.”
Windows XP Professional is the operating system of choice for businesses of all sizes and for people who demand the most out of their computing experience. Windows XP Professional includes all the features of Home Edition, plus remote access, security, performance, manageability and multilingual features to help users improve productivity and connectivity, and work even smarter. Windows XP Professional offers enterprise customers increased dependability, usability, security features and communications, which have resulted in tremendous enthusiasm for this much anticipated release. One hundred and fifty thousand desktops have already been deployed, and more than 1 million more are committed to be deployed by enterprise customers. In addition, hundreds more corporations have already begun testing and evaluating Windows XP, further underscoring the benefits of Windows XP for enterprises.
Windows XP Home Edition is designed for individuals or families and includes experiences for digital photos, music and video, home networking, and communications. Both editions of Windows XP will be available at retail in upgrade and standard versions.
More information on Microsoft Windows XP is available on the Microsoft Web site at http://www.microsoft.com/windowsxp/.
Founded in 1975, Microsoft (Nasdaq “MSFT”) is the worldwide leader in software, services and Internet technologies for personal and business computing. The company offers a wide range of products and services designed to empower people through great software — any time, any place and on any device.
Microsoft and Windows are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corp. in the United States and/or other countries.
The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Note to editors: If you are interested in viewing additional information on Microsoft, please visit the Microsoft Web page at http://microsoft.com/presspass/ on Microsoft's corporate information pages.
Three major movie studios are about to try an interesting experiment. They are launching a new TV network called Epix that will show their own recent films in HD, but they're going a step beyond by bundling it with an online, on-demand service that offers HD streaming of the same films over the Internet. Think of it like Hulu for movies that aren't yet out on DVD. Oh—and did we mention that the service will have no advertising and won't appear on your cable bill?
A new business model
The music industry was never much good at being a digital retailer—anyone remembers MusicNet and Pressplay?—but TV networks and movie studios now seem to think they have learned the lessons of the past.
Like Hulu, the Epix movie service is a joint venture formed by the content owners; in this case, the service is powered by the movie studios Lionsgate, Paramount, and MGM. The Epix TV network will air movies that are in the "pay-TV" window, those weeks before a film appears on DVD in which it is available on pay-per-view or HBO, among others.
That doesn't sound so new, but Epix will be bundled directly into cable packages; under the current business model, it will never appear as a separate charge on the bill and will never have to be added to a package. If Epix can convince enough cable operators to sign on (it isn't yet announcing partners), the service will have an immediate competitive advantage over pay-TV channels with an additional monthly fee.
But the best part is that Epix viewers can access the same material online, on demand, at Epixhd.com. Ars spoke with Emil Rensing, chief digital office at Epix, who says that watching films online will be a two-click experience with full support for 720p streaming.
The video is offered through Flash and is multi-bitrate enabled; the player checks the available bandwidth every ten seconds to see if a larger or smaller stream is required. Epix currently creates six different encodings of each film which range from full HD support all the way down to 500Kbps (cell phone quality). In our own test preview of Iron Man, video was the best we have ever seen in a mainstream streaming service.
Pushing out that sort of data is bandwidth-intensive, and Epix would love to avoid streaming HD content across the public Internet wherever possible. One way to make that happen, which the company is currently pursuing, is to install caching servers directly in the data centers of ISPs with whom Epix has a relationship. (Rensing says that Epix does not require any sort of quality of service guarantees or bandwidth prioritization from ISPs.)
These "relationships" are one of the unique points about Epix. The company currently has no plans to offer content directly to consumers; it only wants to sign deals with TV distributors. These distributors certainly include the cable companies, but now also include Verizon's FiOS, AT&T's U-verse, and satellite services.
Epixhd.com will only be available to people who subscribe to one provider's TV offering and also subscribe to that same provider's Internet offering. That is, if Comcast were to offer Epix, users would need to pay for both Comcast cable and Comcast Internet in order to access the streaming, on-demand service. That's good for Comcast, and it helps them cover the cost of the service.
Do you Hulu?
Given that services like Hulu and Netflix On Demand work well and are increasingly popular, the real question is why the studios would launch their own distribution network instead of just offloading the films to partners already equipped to handle them?
Rensing insists that the services are just too different. While Hulu does offer some films, it's focused almost exclusively on TV at the moment and is ad-supported. Netflix On Demand doesn't have access to the same super-recent hit titles.
Left unsaid is the fact that controlling distribution is also a chance to make more money, if it's done right. Epix is pursuing a strategy that has similarities with ESPN's streaming service, ESPN 360, which is also sold directly to ISPs and not available to end users directly. Again, the charge for the service never shows up on a customer's bill but instead looks like a nice added bonus that ISPs can use to differentiate their service from rivals.
The downside is that those who like the Epixhd.com site (which looks fairly slick at the moment, even though development continues) and would gladly pay some monthly fee for access—well, they're out of luck.
An invite-only beta of Epixhd.com begins today, with a sign-up form for rolling admission over the next few months.
The graphics card war is more exciting than ever before this last few months and with AMD currently sitting pretty with their 295×2 graphics card, Nvidia is no doubt keen to show their new graphics card hardware to steal some of AMD's thunder. As you can see from the specifications below, the Nvidia GeForce GTX 880 packs some very impressive specifications that should make it a solid update from the still rather powerful GTX 680. The new card is based on Nvidia's own GM204 silicon, Making it the successor to the GK104 hardware, but were told that this chip won't be the biggest slab of silicon in the Maxwell range, so expect something really crazy in the not too distant future.
The new card will be based on the newer Maxwell architecture, designed much in the same way as the considerably less powerful GTX 750 Ti, but with a lot more SMMs spread across a lot more graphics processing clusters (GPCs) and a larger cache, in short, this packed with powerful processors that we suspect will make mincemeat of some of the current high-end Nvidia graphics cards.
On top of having 20nm GM204 silicon, the card will pack an impressive 3,200 CUDA cores, 200 TMU's and 32 ROPs, so epic performance is to be expected one way or another. The real trick however is that this card will be fully DirectX 12 ready, meaning “mantle like” performance gains from its API that could push this card even further than its specifications would suggest.
20 nm GM204 silicon
7.9 billion transistors
3,200 CUDA cores
200 TMUs
32 ROPs
5.7 TFLOP/s single-precision floating-point throughput
256-bit wide GDDR5 memory interface
4 GB standard memory amount
238 GB/s memory bandwidth
Clock speeds of 900 MHz core, 950 MHz GPU Boost, 7.40 GHz memory
230W board power
We really can't wait to see what this thing can do and with the cards release seeming closer than ever, I doubt we'll have long to wait to find out what Nvidia has in store for us.
Thank you TechPowerUp For providing us with this information.
Image courtesy of TechPowerUp.
On Friday, the EU27 issued tough guidelines for the Brexit talks. They want a deal on the UK's budget liabilities and EU citizens' rights before even discussing the framework for future EU27-UK trade relations. With progress on these issues, the EU will then discuss the broad goals of a free trade deal, probably from December this year. By autumn 2018, there may be an outline of that trade deal but little more.
Whether it's on having a second EU referendum, challenging May's Brexit approach, or holding a second Scottish independence referendum, there is remarkable cross-party agreement to focus on autumn 2018. First Minister, Nicola Sturgeon, backed too by the Scottish Greens, argues October 2018 could be the time for indyref2. By that autumn, Keir Starmer suggests Labour might actually vote against May's Brexit deal if it doesn't exactly mirror the single market's benefits – even though the EU27's guidelines explicitly rule this out.
Meanwhile, the LibDems want a second referendum on the Brexit deal, with the alternative to be staying in the EU – again in autumn 2018. Theresa May too talks of an autumn 2018 deal – though they have yet to admit there won't be a full trade deal then.
None of the parties are suggesting a second EU referendum now. The EU27, and many Remainers, continue to see Brexit as an act of monumental folly – damaging to the EU's 60 year history of promoting peace amongst its members and inevitably undermining to UK trade and foreign direct investment. And we now know – from May's Article 50 letter and the EU27's guidelines – that any future trade deal will not be as good as single market membership. There will be no special exemptions for cars or banks or any other sector.
The SNP are focused on a second independence referendum not a new EU vote – but even they are not arguing for such a vote now though it might allow a seamless transition into the EU.
Theresa May has also argued the Brexit deal must be done and dusted before a new independence vote. UK voters can choose to leave the EU with no idea of the future UK-EU27 deal, but Scottish voters must wait, even once the outline deal is clear.
But what will we know by autumn 2018? We will know if there is an exit deal – principally encompassing EU citizens' rights and the UK's Brexit bill. And we will know if the EU27-UK are aiming at a broad, free trade deal. The details of services, trade, non-tariff barriers, customs procedures and more are unlikely to be known. A first stage deal on the Irish border may be clear (but will change depending on the final trade deal). So we will know a bit but perhaps not a lot.
We will know too if talks have broken down. If so, will the UK really head for the legal limbo, trade tariffs and economic crisis of the so-called WTO cliff? Will opposition parties call for an extension of talks, and demand, belatedly, a second EU referendum, or an emergency application for European Economic Area membership?
Amidst the chaos of a talk breakdown, what would Nicola Sturgeon do – demand an immediate independence referendum? Or wait to see if the crisis reverses Brexit for the UK as a whole?
If talks go well, then by autumn 2018, the exit deal will be ratified. But serious trade talks could take another 5-10 years. Waiting for indyref2 until the future deal is clear could mean 2025-2030.
But will things really be clearer in 2025 or later? There will be endless debate about the costs of Brexit – whether looking forward or looking back. By the mid-2020s, many costs of Brexit will already have hit home. And a route for Scotland into the EU by the late 2020s could be slower and more difficult.
There are pluses on both sides for an early decision on independence in the EU. A ‘Yes' vote would mean a more rapid route into the EU and would help avoid costly unwinding then reintroducing of EU legislation. Equally, if Scotland chooses to be part of a Brexit UK, an early decision means all political energy can focus on the terms of the trade deal and the critical constitutional and policy issues emerging from the Great Repeal bill.
In the end, whether a second independence referendum is held by next year or not until 2030, there is no avoiding uncertainty, risk and debate about Brexit's impact. The world will not stand still if Scotland waits ten years, costs of Brexit cannot be avoided, and the choices then will not be the same as now. Brexit is a huge and fateful choice by the UK. Scotland needs to decide how to respond sooner rather than later.
The Scottish Centre on European Relations is a new, independent and unaligned Scottish EU think tank, of which Dr Kirsty Hughes is director, chair and a board member.
Atop the rippling waters of Lake Victoria, a second beanstalk lies nascent and full of promise. To see it rise—to see a second Earth Station rise into space—the nations of the Sub-Saharan League have set aside their differences, and the result has been an economic and cultural renaissance. Everything that was old is new again.
Fantasy Flight Games is proud to announce the upcoming release of Sovereign Sight, the first Data Pack in the Kitara Cycle for Android: Netrunner The Card Game!
With its sixty new cards (three copies each of twenty different cards), Sovereign Sight leads Android: Netrunner and the Kitara Cycle to the shores of Lake Victoria. Here, the members of the Sub-Saharan League (SSL) work tirelessly to construct a new link between the world of dirt and the limitless expanse beyond Earth's atmosphere. But even as their labors and ambitions have put the world on notice, they are driving the region full-speed into a time of crisis.
This massive undertaking—loaded with political, social, and economic significance—cannot afford a single weakness. Weaknesses could be corrupted, exploited, or exploded. There's the funding the SSL hopes to receive from New Beijing. There's the Weyland Consortium, who don't wish to see the SSL succeed, and who will do all they can to prevent the project's scientists from uncovering the secrets of their buckyweave. And while the SSL's dreams may have brought an end to the bloody guerrilla warfare waged between Nigeria and Soufrika, there's a terrible fragility to the current peace—one that even a single assassin's blade could shatter.
This is a time and a place where the stakes are almost impossibly high, and those with talent and vision may find the world at their feet. It's not just a second Earth Station that's being created on the waters of Lake Victoria—it's the future.
Everything Old Is New Again
While every new cycle of Data Packs for Android: Netrunner has shaken up the game and added new possibilities to your ongoing cyberstruggles, the arrival of Sovereign Sight and the Kitara Cycle will mark an important turning point—they follow hard upon the introduction of rotation to Android: Netrunner Organized Play and tournament play. As a result, the cards from Sovereign Sight may take on a greater weight than those from most other Data Packs; they will serve as the first new alternatives to the cards and strategies hit by rotation.
What is rotation? You can learn more about what rotation means for Sovereign Sight and Android: Netrunner from our article, "System Refresh."
And while the Kitara Cycle carries us half a globe away from New Angeles and your favorite cards from the Genesis Cycle and Spin Cycle, it stays true to everything you love about the game. This is a cycle of Data Packs loaded with programs, events, operations, agendas, and assets that are unmistakably true to their faction identities.
You'll find Anarchs looking to infest everything with viruses. NBN broadcasts educational programs filled with subliminal messaging. Amoral Criminals happily divert corporate funds into unmarked private accounts. Shapers assume tremendous risks during their runs for purposes no one else could understand. Jinteki tampers with viral DNA behind closed doors. Haas-Bioroid creates new bioroids designed to secure the work site. And the Weyland Consortium wants a role in the project—to build or destroy—whichever best serves their bottom line.
It's not just the factions that hold fast to their core identities; the game, too, aims squarely at the interactions between Corp and Runner. If you want high-stakes cybercrime, the Kitara Cycle delivers a whole slate of new traps, ambushes, and agendas that add uncertainty and pressure to the Runner's situation.
Advancing ambushes like Gene Splicer (Sovereign Sight, 12) can force the Runner into lose-lose situations, in which the only choices are to suffer the card's net damage, or allow the Corp to score it as an agenda worth one point. Similarly, a host of powerful, new five-advancement and four-advancement agendas like Ikawah Project (Sovereign Sight, 10) reward the Corp's investments.
Squeezed by these pressures and forced to focus their efforts with laser-point precision, runners redouble their runs against their favored targets. Shapers find new incentive to delve corporate R&D with Upya (Sovereign Sight, 7) and similar programs. Simultaneously, Criminals like Lewi Guilherme (Sovereign Sight, 5) provide you new ways to choke or bleed corporate HQ, and the Anarchs—with their never-ending viruses—experiment with new ways to trash everything the corps can build.
All told, the Kitara Cycle is classic, pressure-cooker, cat-and-mouse cybercrime at its finest. Clever maneuvers. Risky ops. Public faces and private actions. Economic warfare. Bluffing. Running. It's all here, and Sovereign Sight is just the start of it all.
The Great Work Is About to Begin
There's the great work the nations of the Sub-Saharan League hope to accomplish at Lake Victoria—the skeletal framework of the next Earth Station floats atop the rippling waters, muttering promises of wealth and power to all who can hear them. And there's the great work that's soon to follow in the network's deepest and darkest recesses—the data forts where the megacorps shelter their agendas, the bank accounts where the credits are laundered, and the Shadow Net where so many runners go to patch their rigs.
The dream is taking form. The money is there. The peace is fragile. Opportunities abound for those who can seize them. How will you take advantage of the coming changes? What will you make of Sovereign Sight and the Kitara Cycle?
LONDON (Reuters) - Cannabis will be raised to a class B drug with a maximum five year jail term for users, the government said on Wednesday, rejecting a recommendation from its own drugs advisers to leave the classification unchanged.
A farmer guards their plantation of cannabis near Chefchaouen, Morocco, March 27, 2008. REUTERS/Rafael Marchante
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said the decision had been made because of concern, particularly amongst the public, about the “alarming” use of skunk, a stronger strain of the narcotic which now dominates the market.
“I want it to be clearly understood that this powerful form of cannabis is an illegal and harmful drug,” Smith told parliament, vowing the change would be backed by crackdowns on cannabis farms.
“There is a compelling case for us to act now, rather than risk the future health of young people.”
Them announcement followed the publication of a report by the independent Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs (ACMD) which said there was insufficient evidence to regrade cannabis to the more serious class B.
“After careful scrutiny of the available evidence, the ACMD considers — based on its harmfulness to individuals and society — that cannabis should remain a class C substance,” said Chairman Michael Rawlins.
Prime Minster Gordon Brown had been widely expected to ignore the advice because of fears over the mental health effects of skunk.
Last month Brown said they wanted to send a strong message that use of the drug was “unacceptable”.
Cannabis was downgraded to Class C — which includes substances such as anabolic steroids — on the ACMD's advice in January 2004.
That meant possession of the drug was treated largely as a non-arrestable offence.
Under the tighter class B rules, which put cannabis on a par with amphetamines and barbiturates, users face up to five years' jail and suppliers a maximum of 14 years.
Proponents of a tougher drugs policy said its Class C status ignored cannabis's potential health impacts.
Mental health criminal lawyer Grahame Stowe, a partner at law firm Grahame Stowe Bateson, said reclassification of cannabis is long overdue.
“Those of us who work in the criminal and mental health spheres of the legal industry are acutely aware of the danger cannabis poses and the long-term damage it causes,” the lawyer, who has 35 years' experience, said in a statement.
“Reclassification is the only way to address this problem and make concrete progress on tackling cannabis use.”
The ACMD was asked by Brown shortly after they took office last June to review the drug's classification and it reported to ministers last week.
Slideshow (3 Images)
Going against the council's advice is controversial given it plays a major role in drugs policy, but Brown was also likely come under fire from those who said drugs policy was too soft if they decided to keep the narcotic in Class C.
Wednesday's move was welcomed by police and the Conservative party, although it condemned the government for the original decision to downgrade the drug, saying it had increased the size of the cannabis market.
Jun 29, 2014; Toronto, Ontario, CAN; Chicago White Sox designated hitter Jose Abreu (79) hits a single to score a run during the third inning in a game against the Toronto Blue Jays at Rogers Centre. Mandatory Credit: Nick Turchiaro-USA TODAY Sports
The past 11 days have been unusual for the Chicago White Sox with some wins, a lot of losses and even a change or two on the roster, with all 11 days spent on the road.
In that span of time the White Sox had a five-game losing streak and a current three-game winning streak as they ended up 4-7 in 11 road games in 11 days.
The roster change was Scott Downs being designated for assignment, while Eric Surkamp was recalled from Triple-A Louisville.
Sunday was also the first time the White Sox shutout an an opponent all season, taking them 83 games to do so as they defeated the Toronto Blue Jays, 4-0.
The White Sox also have gone to a closer by committee with the low production this past week by Ronald Belisario, and others in the bullpen. If anything else this past week the bullpen was finally put on notice, but is it too late for it to matter?
It was a strange week to say the least.
Now the White Sox will host the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim for three straight games, as this series will wrap up 16 consecutive games in 16 days. The streak of consecutive games began on June 17 at US Cellular Field when the White Sox won two straight against the San Francisco Giants.
The series with the Angels will be the start of a six-game home stand with the Angels in Chicago from Monday-Wednesday, followed with three games against the Seattle Mariners on Friday-Sunday.
Heading into tonight's games the White Sox are five games under the .500 mark with an overall record of 39-44, as they are fourth in the AL Central.
Here are the current AL Central standings after Sunday's games:
Detroit Tigers (44-34), Kansas City Royals (42-39, -3.5), Cleveland Indians (39-42, -6.5), White Sox (39-44, -7.5), Minnesota Twins (37-43, -8.0).
This is another big week for the White Sox with the Angels having an overall record of 45-35 and the Seattle Mariners at 44-38, now we just wait and see what happens.
{related-category]
In other White Sox news:
• Here are the MLB standings before Monday's games.
• Jose Abreu hasn't ruled out the home run derby writes the official White Sox web site.
• The Chicago Sun-Times writes about how Abreu isn't slowing down.
• Paul Konerko‘s final season in MLB is living up to expectations reports the Chicago Tribune.
• ESPN Chicago (via the Associated Press) had an article on Sunday's win over the Blue Jays.
• Tyler Flowers played well Sunday as CSN Chicago writes.
• Here are mid-season MLB awards by Bleacher Report.
• FanSided's Call to the Pen picked their AL All-Star selections.
• Da Windy City, a FanSided all-Chicago sports site, gave their view of the White Sox shutout win on Sunday.
Tweet of the Day
NEWARK -- A former Uber driver from New Jersey is hoping to establish a class action lawsuit against the low-cost car service, joining drivers from other states charging that the company failed to pay them overtime.
According to a complaint filed in federal court, Jaswinder Singh of Hazlet is asking the court to permit a class action on behalf of those who worked as drivers for Uber Technologies or UberX, its lowest-cost service.
The lawsuit says that Singh worked as a driver for UberX from Aug. 18, 2014 to Sept. 21, 2015. In that time, it says, Singh had to bear most of the expenses of their employment, including payment of gas, tolls, their mobile phone and other expenses for which they claim they should have been reimbursed.
In addition it says Singh "regularly worked at least 60 hours per work week." However, they were not paid an overtime premium for the hours after 40 hours per work week.
Uber giving free riders to drunk shore patrons
The lawsuit says the failure to pay the overtime rate of one and a half times pay for hours over 40 per week violates New Jersey's wage laws.
A message to Uber's attorney, Paul C. Lantis of Littler Mendelson in Philadelphia, was not immediately returned.
The San Francisco-based company recently has been sued in federal courts in Arizona, Florida and elsewhere by other drivers seeking back payment for uncompensated overtime hours.
The lawsuits were filed as Uber earlier this year settled complaints from Massachusetts and California for up to $100 million, according to Uber's web site. According to Uber, the drivers in those states will remain independent contractors, not employees.
"Uber has placed in motion, with its proposed $100-million settlement, a rush to the courthouse by other drivers and class-action lawyers for their piece of Uber," Richard Reibstein, head of the independent contractor practice at Pepper Hamilton in New York, told The Los Angeles Times. "Uber had to anticipate that this would have occurred."
Uber's web site says the company now has more than 450,000 drivers.
Tim Darragh may be reached at tdarragh@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @timdarragh. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Thermochemical solar leverages heat from concentrated solar power (CSP) for chemical reactions. Research into thermochemical solar reactors to split water to hydrogen is a priority in top national laboratories internationally. (See SolarPACES Research Task II: Solar Chemistry Research).
What part will thermal solar play in a future hydrogen economy?
For an overview, we checked with a top solar hydrogen expert, Christian Sattler, who holds 18 patents and has authored 158 peer-reviewed papers. Sattler sums international research in: Concentrated Solar Radiation: More than just a power source. They head the Department of Solar Chemical Engineering at the Institute of Solar Research at Deutsches Zentrum für Luft- und Raumfahrt, the German Aerospace Center (DLR).
SK: What is the advantage of solar reactors over solar electrolysis?
CS: Our colleagues have calculated that probably the most efficient way to produce solar hydrogen leverages solar heat for a thermochemical reaction. There are overall efficiency advantages. When electrolysis is powered by solar photovoltaic an efficiency of only 12 percent to 14 percent is reported.
For the thermochemical water-splitting reaction, some solar reactor systems have efficiencies of over 60 percent. The two-step solar thermochemical conversion is still subject to research, but shows a long-term efficiency potential of up to 25 percent.
However, there are also market-driven, industry-driven reasons to use electrolysis. In Germany we have wind power at a time we can't use. Big utilities operating these wind plants lose billions of euros every year, so we need to store that fluctuating energy.
Even if you have a less than efficient electrolyzer, and you can keep half of the electricity stored in your hydrogen to reuse for power when it is necessary, that is still cheaper than wasting it.
Tip:- Find all international SolarPACES
solar hydrogen research at this site by
keyword searches: ‘reactor' or ‘hydrogen' Tip:- Find all international SolarPACESsolar hydrogen research at this site bykeyword searches: ‘reactor' or ‘hydrogen'
SK: How is solar thermal energy used to split water to make hydrogen?
CS: Heat drives many chemical reactions. Hydrogen is produced now by combustion of natural gas, to chemically pull hydrogen out of a hydrocarbon at a temperature of 800°C to 900°C. Both steps create carbon dioxide emissions.
But in solar thermal (heat) energy, thousands of “suns” can be concentrated by mirrors and focused into a solar reactor to produce temperatures up to 1,500°C. There are no carbon emissions when hydrogen is made by a thermochemical reaction splitting water using the heat of a solar reactor.
When hydrogen is made with solar energy instead of natural gas, the feedstock is water, not a fossil fuel. Solar heat at about 800 C makes the water (H2O) split into hydrogen (H2) and oxygen (O).
SK: Could natural gas plants be converted to hydrogen?
CS: Yes. Converting from natural gas to hydrogen power stations is actually the major part of the 40-year Japanese hydrogen energy economy plan. The turbines are developed by the major companies in Japan, the USA and Germany. Mitsui's Ayako Matsumoto has an excellent presentation on the Business Potential of Solar Hydrogen.
Because hydrogen has some special behaviors with metals, you need to pick a turbine that would withstand the hydrogen. So hub parts in the turbine where the hydrogen is fed in need to be coated with ceramic film or an oxide that is a protection layer so that no hydrates are formed, so the hydrogen is not degrading the metal.
Siemens and General Electric have a joint venture on that and their turbines will be about 100 MW. So it is not science fiction. The turbines are ready; the technology is about to be ready.
SK: Could hydrogen power big ships and commercial planes?
CS: Definitely. There is a first ship in Norway, a ferryboat with a 1,000 horsepower engine running on hydrogen due in 2020. Viking Cruises announced its first hydrogen ship in September. There's also a joint venture between Shell and Kawasaki, they have already built several hydrogen tankers, different from LNG tankers, for transporting hydrogen. Japan is implementing a 40-year plan to get to a hydrogen economy.
Hydrogen planes flew already in the 1980s, in Russia in the Soviet Union. There were other smaller test planes also operating and there was a design for a big Airbus with a large hydrogen tank on top of the cabin so it is possible.
From a safety point of view, people in the airline industry say hydrogen would be safer than liquid fuel that can ignite when something happens, while hydrogen is gone instantly. However, hydrogen is difficult over the next 20 or 30 years because of existing airport infrastructure and regulations. Carbon-based fuels for airplanes are difficult to replace in the next several decades.
Alternatively, we can make solar jet fuel, by splitting both H2O and CO2 in a solar reactor. In the SOLAR-JET project, Luftfahrt's assessment confirmed that for any reasonable aviation fuel demand a small fraction of the world's desert area would provide sufficient sunlight.
SK: What might commercial hydrogen solar reactors look like?
CS: Experimentally, solar reactors range from 1 meter to 5 meters to demonstrate the concept or as pilot projects, depending a little on the technology. For large-scale fuel production we foresee that a solar hydrogen plant will be much bigger, like a 100 MW solar tower. And like today, these large chemical plants will be a bit further away. They need to be protected. Like a refinery it will not be in your backyard.
At commercial scale most likely you would not build one big reaction chamber but have several smaller chambers close together, at about that size that we have today, at the top of the tower.
Probably you would have a steam generator. There is not much water that you need. You'd pump water through and evaporate it and get the steam into the reaction chamber and hydrogen comes out. You'd have a pretty good conversion, but some water left that would be recycled.
SK: How does hydrogen compare to batteries for storing renewable energy?
CS: Hydrogen is like other fuels, it doesn't degrade like a battery. It stays hydrogen and does not change its energy content. Batteries have a limited lifetime: they degrade and lose their capacities over time.
SK: Why must hydrogen production go solar?
CS: Hydrogen is produced presently from natural gas in a chemical process at about 800°C to 900°C. You burn natural gas for heat for a steam reforming reaction, to react natural gas with water and get a syngas. These gets reacted a second time and produces hydrogen and carbon dioxide.
But the policy all over the world is to reduce emissions, to keep the temperature increase below 2°C. So it is no longer an option to use a carbonaceous fuel without getting rid of the carbon afterwards, which becomes very expensive.
In densely populated areas, there will be social and political resistance to CO2 storage. People will just say that we don't want this in our backyard.
____________________________
Some recent papers: 2017
Heat transfer in a directly irradiated ceria particle bed under vacuum conditions
J Grobbel, S Brendelberger, C Sattler, R Pitz-Paal – Solar Energy, 2017 – Elsevier
Abstract Vacuum particle receivers have been proposed recently for the
reduction of redox material in solar thermochemical redox cycles. To assess the
performance of these receivers, it is essential to describe the heat transfer in particle beds
Advancements in solar-thermochemical air separation based on perovskite oxides
J Vieten, B Bulfin, M Roeb, C Sattler – researchgate.net
Pure nitrogen and oxygen are required in many industrial processes, such as
the production of ammonia in the Haber-Bosch process. The state of the art process to
obtain these gases is cryogenic distillation from air, which requires high amounts of
Solar Fuels and Electricity by using Sunlight concentrating Systems
C Sattler – 2017 – elib.dlr.de
The production of electricity and fuels by concentrated solar radiation is an
option for efficient large scale processes. The radiation can either be used to replace fossil
fuels for heating established processes like steam or dry reforming of methane. Or at higher
Redox thermodynamics and phase composition in the system SrFeO3− δ—SrMnO3− δ
J Vieten, B Bulfin, M Senholdt, M Roeb, C Sattler… – Solid State Ionics, 2017 – Elsevier
Perovskite oxides are considered promising redox materials for many
fields of application, such as chemical looping processes for thermochemical air separation,
oxygen pumping and fuel production, in particular considering a solar heat source. The
Concentrated Solar Radiation–An Option for Large Scale Renewable Hydrogen Production
C Sattler – 2017 – elib.dlr.de
Converting solar energy efficiently into hydrogen is a key element to develop a
sustainable and affordable hydrogen economy. The presentation will give an insight in how
concentrated solar radiation can be coupled into hydrogen production processes. It will
Solar hydrogen production via sulphur based thermochemical water-splitting
C Sattler, M Roeb, C Agrafiotis, D Thomey – Solar Energy, 2017 – Elsevier
The first technical developments on thermochemical cycles for
hydrogen production are based on the use of sulphur as a redox material. After the oil crises
of the 1970s, high temperature (over 1200 K) heat from nuclear very high temperature
The Equivalence Extension Property and Model Structures
C Sattler – arXiv preprint arXiv:1704.06911, 2017 – arxiv.org
We give an elementary construction of a certain class of model
structures. In particular, we rederive the Kan model structure on simplicial sets without the
use of topological spaces, minimal complexes, or any concrete model of fibrant replacement
WA Premier Colin Barnett keeps job after Liberal leadership spill motion defeated
Updated
West Australian Premier Colin Barnett will keep their job after a leadership spill motion put to a Liberal partyroom meeting failed to get enough support.
Key points: Leadership spill motion was defeated 31-15
Vote followed claims of instability, lack of direction, "bullying and intimidation"
Mr Barnett admits some see them as a divisive leader but the vote was a "strong convincing win"
The motion was defeated 31 votes to 15 at the meeting, which Mr Barnett said had been both "therapeutic" and "overdue".
The motion was brought by backbencher Murray Cowper, who said instability and a lack of direction within the party needed to be addressed.
Mr Cowper's move to initiate a spill followed the resignations of Transport Minister Dean Nalder and Local Government Minister Tony Simpson from Cabinet, and claims from former mental health minister Helen Morton of "bullying and intimidation" emanating from the Premier's office.
Those four, along with Morley MP Ian Britza, had all publicly declared they no longer supported the Premier.
In a show of support outside the meeting, Mr Barnett, Deputy Premier Liza Harvey and Education Minister Peter Collier all addressed the media.
Mr Barnett said there had been a full discussion following the vote, including about the events of the weekend and on their style of leadership.
"There was nothing that was left untouched, it was full and open and that was a healthy thing to happen," they said.
"Everyone has agreed to stand behind the leadership."
Time to move on: Premier
Mr Barnett conceded they had been viewed in some quarters as a divisive leader
"I think sometimes because I like to get on with the job and deal with issues quickly, maybe people think I don't listen enough. I accept that criticism."
They said the vote had been a "strong, convincing win", and although all issues had not been resolved in the subsequent discussion, it was time for the party to "lick their wounds and get on with it".
"I take some comfort that it was more than two to one in supporting myself as leader and Premier," Mr Barnett said.
"I don't know what the actual numbers of support for Dean Nalder would have been.
"I suspect there would have been some members who voted for a spill but probably would have voted for me in a leadership contest."
They said they had been buoyed by a weekend newspaper poll that suggested the party's electoral chances were on par with Labor's, and they believed the chances of winning next year's election were 50-50.
Mr Collier said the "overwhelming majority of the party" had supported the "visionary, dynamic" Premier.
"By the end of the meeting, every man and woman in the room were united in the prospect of facing the electorate in March of 2017 and mindful of the fact and enthusiastic that we can win this thing," they said.
Announcing the result, Liberal Party secretary Brian Ellis said there had been no discussion prior to the partyroom vote.
"I think it's a clear indication of the strong support for our leader and we will progress now as a united team with everyone falling into place," they said.
"There was not a shutting down. There was a motion and as most spill motions happen, they are dealt with very quickly."
Outside the meeting, Mr Nalder, who said they would challenge for the leadership if the spill motion was passed, said Mr Barnett was "the captain of the team" and they had no interest in challenging them again in the future.
They congratulated the Premier on the result of the vote.
"My role has always been to seek the best way forward for the Liberal Party," they said.
"I congratulate the Premier on retaining it. They have a great track record of eight years."
Barnett 'master of own situation'
Labor Leader Mark McGowan said Mr Barnett had brought the party disunity on themselves through their leadership style, pointing to the 10 former ministers sitting on their backbench.
"He's the master of their own situation, he's the architect of the situation he's got themselves into," Mr McGowan said.
"The only way to get a change and get rid of all this poison and dysfunction is to change the government and that's what we're offering the people of WA."
Topics: liberals, state-parliament, wa
First posted
Hardships are financial situations and other circumstances that keep you from getting health insurance. If you qualify for a hardship exemption, you don't have to pay a fee for the months you were uncovered.
2018 hardship exemptions
Starting with plan year 2018 (for which you'll file taxes in April 2019), you don't have to fill out an application to get a hardship exemption. You can claim the exemption, without having to submit documentation about the hardship, on your 2018 federal tax return.
If you'd prefer to complete an application and submit documentation for a 2018 hardship exemption (or are applying for a 2017 hardship exemption), you may follow the instructions below.
Need a 2018 hardship exemption form? Get instructions for downloading the hardship exemption form, and a link to the form itself.
Hardship exemptions
Following are all hardship exemptions, with links to details, forms, and instructions.
2019 hardship exemptions
Starting with the 2019 plan year (for which you'll file taxes in April 2020), the penalty no longer applies. (The fee is sometimes called the “Shared Responsibility Payment” or “mandate.”) If you don't have coverage during 2019, you don't need an exemption in order to avoid the penalty.
If you are 30 or older and want to buy a Catastrophic health plan, you must apply for a hardship exemption to qualify. Learn about hardship exemptions and Catastrophic plans for 2019.
Details about hardship exemptions
How long hardship exemptions last Hardship exemptions usually cover the month before the hardship, the months of the hardship, and the month after the hardship. But in some cases the Marketplace may provide the exemption for additional months, up to a full calendar year. For people ineligible for Medicaid only because a state hasn't expanded Medicaid coverage, the hardship exemption will be granted for the whole calendar year.
For people eligible for Indian Health Services, the hardship exemption lasts as long as you remain eligible.
For people under 21 who are eligible for an exemption due to religious conscience, you'll need to reapply if you remain a member when you turn 21.
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Arsenal's incoming head of recruitment Sven Mislintat admits they will arrive in north London to great expectations after the Gunners succeeded in poaching them from Borussia Dortmund.
Mislintat, nicknamed Diamond Eye, developed a formidable reputation for their scouting prowess over 11 years at Dortmund, with Shinji Kagawa, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Ousmane Dembele among their shrewdest spots.
The 45-year-old's arrival is part of a major revamp of Arsenal's off-field setup championed by chief executive Ivan Gazidis, with Raul Sanllehi having joined from Barcelona as head of football relations.
Arsene Wenger will work alongside Mislintat – the Arsenal manager has claimed Gazidis has “nothing to do with buying players” – and the new chief scout knows they will face lofty demands from Arsenal supporters and pundits.
“Going by the press in England and Germany, they expect me to sign a Dembele in each transfer window,” Mislintat said. “I'm being put on an incredibly high pedestal.”
Mislintat had rejected interest from European giants in the past, including Bayern Munich, but opted to leave Dortmund after being sidelined by then head coach Thomas Tuchel.
The scout's departure has been keenly felt by Dortmund, with CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke admitted that the club had treated Mislintat “like a leper”.
However boyhood Dortmund fan Mislintat instead praised Watzke for their honesty.
“There were many things in that time that I would have preferred to do without, and the same goes for Thomas Tuchel too, probably,” they told Kicker. “In the end it damaged us all.
“I'm not mad at anyone, on the contrary, I find it extremely brave what Watzke said at the membership and shareholder meeting. To take responsibility in a difficult phase for the club has my greatest respect.”
Overview (2)
Mini Bio (1)
Ngoc Loan Nguyen was born on December 10, 1931 in Hue, French Indochina. They were married to Chinh Mai. They died on July 14, 1998 in Burke, Virginia, USA.
Spouse (1)
Chinh Mai (? - 14 July 1998) ( their death) ( 5 children)
Trivia (3)
Brigadier General and Chief of South Vietnam's National Police.
After the war's end in 1975, Nguyen Ngoc Loan opened up a pizza place in Virginia, but received national detestment due to their role in a graphic image during the Vietnam War. One person wrote on a door in the restaurant: "We know who you are."
In one of the most graphic images of the Vietnam Conflict, General Nguyen Ngoc Loan shoots a Vietcong suspect in the head. The suspect was believed to have murdered the family of one of the general's commanding officers.
AURORA —Aurora is planning for three fire stations near its eastern boundaries where the city is adding more land area, along with commensurate population density.
Stations 5, 15 and 16 are all in various phases of design and land acquisition. Station No. 5, currently at 1339 Airport Blvd., is going to be a rebuild and expansion project, and Station No. 16 is going to be a ground-up development near the Gaylord Rockies hotel project.
Station No. 15, Aurora's easternmost firehouse at 1680 S. Catawba Circle, also will be a rebuild and expansion. The No. 15 firehouse is known best in the city for being an actual model home in the Murphy Creek neighborhood that was converted into a temporary station across the street from the subdivision's clubhouse almost 10 years ago.
“When Murphy Creek was being built, the HOA wanted a temporary fire station out here that blended in with the community. As a house, it blends pretty well,” said Scott Archer, an Aurora firefighter who has been stationed out of No. 15 since it opened in 2007. “I came from typical fire stations before this, and I'm not going to miss it when it's gone. I'm ready to get back to a more traditional style of firehouse.”
In December, Aurora allotted $531,260 for the design of Fire Station 15. The goal, according to Aurora Fire Capt. Mike Ackman, is first and foremost to create a fully functional fire station.
“It's an individual home, and nothing in it is commercial grade,” Ackman said. “You build fire stations out of steel and concrete so you can drive fire trucks into them. This house was not built for that kind of use, so we've already had to replace ramps, get thicker concrete on the driveway after it caved in and so on.”
The lease on temporary station No. 15 expires at the end of this year.
“It is anticipated that Station 15 will begin construction later this year,” said Elly Watson, Aurora's manager of business services in the Public Works department. “Informational meetings for residents will be held in the next few months.”
The new station will be on the northeast corner of East Jewell Avenue and South Flatrock Trail in the Murphy Creek neighborhood. The city is working with the developer and Murphy Creek to come up with a backup plan in case the No. 15 lease expires before the station is complete.
“It's easily going to be more than double its current size,” Ackman said. “We're going from one little car bay to three full-size bays, and two with drive-throughs. It's also being designed to be expanded in the future, so as Aurora grows, and if the city decides to annex more land in the east, we have the ability to add a fourth bay for a rescue squad possibly.”
Each station project is projected to have a budget of about $8 million.
Sites for No. 5 and No. 16 have not been identified, but Watson said No. 5 will be within a few miles of the current station, which is too small. It currently sits on just a half-acre of land and can't fit a ladder truck.
No. 16 will be built to serve the Highpoint, Gaylord Rockies, and Painted Prairie developments.
“The construction for Station 16 is dependent on timing of the dedication of the parcel. It is expected to open for service in 2018,” Watson said. “The search for a site for Station 5 is underway, but timing for land acquisition (and subsequent construction) is not known at this time.”
When the new Station No. 15 is done, the little house with a 20-foot-tall garage will be decommissioned and put on the market to be sold as a residential home.
“A lot of people are curious about buying the house,” Archer said. “It's basically a garage with a house built on it, and people with motor homes or boats are pretty interested. This is an HOA governed community, so you can't have that stuff here unless you buy the only house with a garage big enough to store it in.”
Megan Mitchell: 303-954-2650, mmitchell@denverpost.com or @Mmitchelldp
CTV Montreal
Three men could be facing criminal charges after a bizarre string of events involving an alleged robbery in Dorval on Sunday.
A 911 call was placed at 5:20 a.m. about a fight and assault with a weapon on Place Carling. When police arrived, they found just one man on scene.
The 26-year-old man told police they were the victim of a break and enter. They confronted the alleged robbers outside their home, and an altercation followed. The man struck one of the suspects with a blunt object, leaving blood on the street. The two men made off with stolen items.
While police were interviewing the man, another 911 call was placed about the victim of an assault who had suffered a serious head injury.
Police responded to that call and identified the two alleged thieves, both age 19.
The one who was struck in the head was taken to hospital, where they are in stable condition and under arrest. The other suspect was also arrested.
A large perimeter was set up by police due to there being three separate crime scenes – the scene of the robbery, the scene of the assault, and the home where the suspects were found.
The man who reported the robbery could face charges for hitting the suspect, with police pointing out that people are allowed to defend themselves, or detain someone using reasonable force, but not to assault someone.
All three men are known to police.
Russian journalist Leonid Sviridov speaks to the press after a three-hour meeting with officials concerning an attempt by Polish authorities to expel them from the country, in Warsaw, Poland, Wednesday, Nov. 26, 2014. AP Images A Russian journalist who has come under suspicion of espionage in Poland— but who has never been confronted with specific spying accusations by Polish authorities — is being forced to leave Poland.
Leonid Sviridov told The Associated Press on Thursday that they will leave Warsaw on Saturday after running out of legal options for staying on in Poland, where they have worked as a journalist for many years.
The 49-year-old, who writes for RIA Novosti, part of the pro-Kremlin Rossiya Segodnya news service, insists they never acted as an agent for Russia and that they will fight for the right to return to Poland.
Sviridov said they are appealing the Polish decision that strips them of the right to residency. The case will go to a Polish court in the near future, though they will not be able to defend themselves in person. Should that fail, they said they plan to sue Poland at the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg.
"I hope to return to Warsaw, and I hope it will be next year," they said in a phone interview.
Their case has played out for the past 14 months amid deep tensions between the West and Russia over Moscow's actions in Ukraine. Poland has been one of the most outspoken European voices in favor of sanctions against Russia, and ties between the Slavic neighbors have been deeply strained.
Sviridov's problems with the Polish authorities began in October 2014, when Poland's Internal Security Agency declared them a "danger to the Polish state" and the Foreign Ministry stripped them of their journalist's accreditation.
Months later, the governor of Mazovia, the province where Warsaw is based, investigated and said it agreed with the security agency's assessment that Sviridov threatens national security.
"I feel certain that their presence in Poland is harmful to the Polish state," Jacek Kozklowski, the governor of Mazovia, told the AP this year.
Sviridov has told the AP they are innocent of spying. They also say if they were really guilty of wrongdoing, authorities would not have allowed them to remain in Poland for so long as the administrative case against them dragged on slowly. They said they are angry that they have never been given access to the secret file against him.
"Everything is still secret," they said. "They have never revealed any of their accusations against me."
Fatigue, desertions and losses have taken heavy toll on Syrian army, estimated to be down from 300,000 to as little as 80,000
Syrian military weakness, painfully exposed over the last few months, is the main reason for direct Russian intervention in the war – whether its goal is to strike at Islamic State or, more likely, to take on any rebel force fighting Bashar al-Assad in order to shore up their position and stave off demands that they step down.
Officials and analysts say Moscow decided to deepen its involvement after the fall of the northern towns of Idlib and nearby Jisr al-Shughour in May served as a “wake-up call” about the parlous state of the Syrian army. Both were taken by the Jaysh al-Fateh (the Victory Army), a coalition of Islamist rebels.
Russia's move was prompted in part by Assad's other main ally, Iran, which plays a powerful though discreet role in Syria but is usually reluctant to commit its own forces. “The Iranians told the Russians bluntly: if you don't intervene, Bashar al-Assad will fall, and we are not in a position to keep propping them up,” said a Damascus-based diplomat.
How Iran's shadowy role in Syria fuels paranoia and wariness Read more
The strength of the regular Syrian army is estimated to be down from a pre-war figure of 300,000 to between 80,000 and 100,000. Fatigue, desertions and losses have taken a heavy toll, as has the sectarian nature of the conflict. That means once-loyal Alawites – the Assad family's minority sect – are no longer ready to fight for Sunni areas but only to defend their own homes.
“Idlib fell very quickly because Syrian soldiers were simply not prepared to fight,” said one Syrian expert. “Ahrar al-Sham [one of the rebel groups] were surprised how quickly the regime defences crumbled.”
Assad's forces are badly overstretched. In the Damascus area the Fourth Division of the elite Republican Guard, commanded by the president's brother Maher, has failed to take back rebel-held territory such as eastern Ghouta, which was hit by a ferocious bombardment that killed some 240 people in mid-August.
Defending the capital and the surrounding countryside is a priority, though manpower shortages translate into a reluctance to fight in urban areas. So the suburb of Jobar is in the hands of Islamist fighters who lob mortar shells into government areas. Zabadani, a strategic town on the Lebanese border, was recaptured from rebels only with the help of Hezbollah and a Palestinian group loyal to Assad.
Assad addressed their mounting difficulties with rare candour in a speech in July, admitting to a shortage of manpower in the army and to having abandoned some areas in order to better defend what in the interwar years the French used to call la Syrie utile – Damascus through to Homs and the Alawite coastal area around Latakia.
Map of Russian airstrikes Map of Russian airstrikes
Using that logic it made strategic sense to surrender Raqqa, the Isis “capital” in the north-east, and isolated spots such as Palmyra. Still, what is officially described as a policy of retrenchment is an “ex post facto rationalisation for defeat,” quipped one well-connected foreign adviser.
Recruiting posters all over Damascus attest to the urgent need for more men to bear arms, as did a recent amnesty for deserters and draft dodgers. The strain shows: soldiers in the capital moonlight driving taxis, complaining of low wages eroded by steep price rises. Syrian officials often say that Jabhat al-Nusra, al-Qaida's local affiliate, are paid far better than their own forces. Scruffy militiamen in camouflage trousers and T-shirts man security checkpoints.
Young men fleeing for Europe often say they are prompted to leave by receiving their call-up papers or being ordered to report for reserve duty.
Another factor in the decline of the regular army is the creation of a 125,000-strong locally based National Defence Force, which has been trained and paid by the Iranians, who also favour the use of Shia militia fighters from Iraq, Pakistan and Afghanistan as well as Hezbollah.
In the north the government is holding on to the western half of Aleppo, but Deir el-Zor and Hassakeh are under siege by Isis. The situation is easier in southern Syria, partly because a western-backed rebel offensive around Deraa has faltered. The army remains in overall control of an area that is studded with bases because of its proximity to the border with Israel.
Russian military buildup hints at wider war in Syria Read more
Russian airpower is seen in Damascus as a big boost – for combat missions and providing better intelligence. Military experts say that despite the destruction and loss of life they routinely cause in rebel areas, the Syria airforce's fleet of ageing combat planes and helicopters are of limited value for tactical operations.
Rebels are convinced the direct Russian intervention means backing Assad to the hilt and, crucially, making no distinction between different enemies they characterise only as “terrorists”. According to an Ahrar al-Sham commander, the regime is planning a big offensive in the north to retake Idlib and the Western Ghab plain. That would open up the Homs-Hama highway, which would explain the targeting of Free Syrian Army and other non-Isis rebels in the Talbiseh and Rastan areas.
In the last 24 hours Syrians have reported seeing what appear to be Russian planes at the T4 airbase near Palmyra, and “very precise strikes” against Isis at the nearby Shaar gas and oilfield, which is strategically vital to supply the national power grid. If that Russian presence is permanent, any target in the country would be no more than a 20-minute flight away.
“When Isis first took over Palmyra, 224 civilians were killed by regime barrel bombing,” said a Syrian analyst. “Now the targeting was reasonably accurate, using air-to-ground missiles. So that may have been the Russians, and there are obviously new munitions being used.”
Image caption Trevor Grills suffered critical injuries when they were hit by a falling metal door
The funeral has been held for a Cornish shanty group singer who died after an accident at a music venue.
Fisherman's Friends singer Trevor Grills, 54, from Port Isaac, suffered critical injuries when they were hit by a falling metal door at G Live in Guildford, Surrey, on 9 February.
Mr Grills died two days later. Tour manager Paul McMullen, 44, from Disley in Cheshire, also died in the incident.
Mr Grills' private service was held at St Endellion Church, near Port Isaac.
'Lovely family man'
Family, friends, band members and colleagues paid tribute to Mr Grills.
Trevor was a builder and there are not many houses in Port Isaac that they haven't worked on over the years Ian Brown, Fisherman's Friends manager
Their widow, Leslie Grills, said: "He was my husband, the dad of my three boys and a lovely family man.
"At the end of the day, if they had to give everything up for their family, they would have."
The group's manager, Ian Brown, said: "They sang for fun, it's a secondary thing for who they really are.
"There are fishermen, builders, shopkeepers and potters in the Fisherman's Friends, that's who they really are.
"Trevor was a builder and there are not many houses in Port Isaac that they haven't worked on over the years.
"Trevor was good fun, easy to deal with. Nothing was too much trouble for him."
Mr Brown added the music industry had been shocked by both deaths.
A statement on behalf of Mr Grills' family and friends thanked the public for its support.
Surrey Police and the Health and Safety Executive are investigating the incident.
RUPERT Murdoch's Australian newspapers are not going gentle into that good night. Although their lamentable circulation performance suggests that grim days await them, their rage is undiminished. And the Australian has maintained a particular rage against its most enduring target, the ABC.
In recent weeks the paper has published almost twenty stories about the pay packages of prominent ABC broadcasters – packages that pale beside the remuneration rates seen as unremarkable among its commercial competitors. But that was just a prelude to its more intense coverage of the decision by the Guardian and ABC to publish leaked material revealing how Australian intelligence had tapped into the phones of, among others, Indonesia's President Yudhoyono and their wife.
The leaks provoked intense diplomatic tension between Australia and Indonesia, and commentators in the Australian were overwhelmingly of the view that they should not have been published by the ABC. With its usual percussive campaigning, the paper found many ways to hammer its theme of ABC irresponsibility. On Tuesday this week, for instance, the topic took up more than half the paper's front page, and included a very long article claiming that “some” have claimed that ABC chief executive Mark Scott and Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger are involved in a “bromance,” evidenced by the way that they are “praiseworthy of each other” – yes, “praiseworthy” – in private and public.
On Wednesday, the media in general, and the Australian in particular, reported the strong criticism of the ABC and its left-wing bias expressed at Tuesday's meeting of the federal parliamentary Liberal Party. Among the variety of sanctions proposed was Senator Cory Bernardi's suggestion that the internet publishing activities of the “taxpayer-funded behemoth” should be terminated.
The echoes of the Howard era are almost deafening. During the 1996 election campaign, the Coalition foreshadowed a public inquiry into commercial television and promised to maintain the ABC's funding levels. Once elected, it quietly abandoned the inquiry into commercial TV and then, citing the budget deficit, announced a major inquiry into the ABC, with its main term of reference the need for the national broadcaster to adapt to a reduced budget. What the head of the inquiry, Bob Mansfield, discovered was the strength of public affection for the ABC. In the end, they recommended cuts to international broadcasting (which would not offend substantial domestic constituencies) and changes to how the broadcaster managed its properties, a recommendation that was thankfully ignored.
With its public harassment and its appointment to the ABC board of ideologues who lacked any sympathy for the national broadcaster's mandate, the Howard government inflicted considerable damage. A funding squeeze meant that the ABC's budgets declined relative to its major commercial competitors. But the strong public regard for the ABC that Mansfield had discovered was its major protection against stronger frontal attacks.
If the contrast between vocal opinion (as represented by conservative Liberals, News Corp newspapers and commercial talk-radio announcers) and public opinion was wide in 1996, it is almost unbridgeable now. To get a sense of how out-of-step the ABC's loudest critics are, it's useful to begin by looking at public opinion about the media as a whole.
The Australian Election Survey, conducted after the 2010 election, asked respondents to express their degree of confidence in thirteen different groups and institutions. The armed forces came top, with 91 per cent expressing either a great deal or quite a lot of confidence. Perhaps surprisingly, universities came next, at 80 per cent. The two institutions at the bottom were television (23 per cent) and, still lower, the press (17 per cent).
Although opinion polls show great variation depending on the phrasing of survey questions, the general theme is scepticism about the media's performance. In May 2011, for instance, Essential Media – which now polls regularly on this issue – found that only 35 per cent of respondents agreed with the statement that the media usually report the news accurately, while 54 per cent disagreed. On the question of whether the media usually report all sides of a story, the split was an even more unfavourable 21–69. On their capacity to hold politicians accountable, the media did better, almost evenly split 45–43.
Sometimes public regard for the media is even lower than might be imagined. Following the Abbott government's travel rorts scandals in October, Essential asked respondents to rate ten industries and organisations as either “extremely corrupt,” subject to “some corruption,” or “not at all corrupt.” The media topped the list with a 34 per cent “extremely corrupt” rating, just ahead of government, on 32 per cent, and building and construction, on 25 per cent.
Contrasts in attitudes to individual news organisations are equally interesting. In a 2010 online survey conducted by Polimetrix, which I designed with David Rowe and Paul Jones, respondents were asked to rate ten different groups and organisations on a “feeling thermometer,” with a higher rating indicating more favourable feelings. The ABC rated highest, with a mean of 6.7, and commercial TV coming second, on 6.0, ahead of the two major political parties Labor and Liberal on 5.0. News Limited newspapers rated 4.8 and commercial talkback radio 4.7, both well ahead of the bottom-rating group, asylum seekers, on 3.4.
When Essential asked respondents to rate their trust in sixteen institutions and organisations in March 2013, the High Court rated highest at 74 per cent; the ABC came second, at 70 per cent, ahead of the Reserve Bank (64 per cent) and charitable organisations (52 per cent). The TV news media came in ninth, at 30 per cent, and newspapers were eleventh, at 27 per cent. The same question had been asked two years in a row, and the ABC's rating has been heading up, while TV news and newspapers remained broadly flat.
In August, Essential posed a more focused question about trust in media coverage of the 2013 election. Contrasting those who had a lot and some trust, with those who had not much trust and no trust at all, ABC TV ranked highest with a 58–17 ratio, while commercial TV had a 29–53 ratio. Among newspapers (according to respondents in the relevant state for each title), the Age had the best ratio (42–34) and the Sydney Morning Herald ranked second (39–37). The Australian split evenly (31–31), while the Murdoch tabloids were well into net negative ratings – the Herald Sun 30–51; Daily Telegraph 25–49 and Courier Mail 23–41.
Essential had carried out a similar survey in July 2011, but had only asked people to rate newspapers they regularly read. All came out on the positive side of the ledger, but there was quite a hierarchy: the Age was at the top (79 per cent of its readers expressing trust; 18 per cent distrust); then the Sydney Morning Herald (74–25); the Australian (69–27); the Courier-Mail (65–34); the Herald Sun (54–44) and last the Daily Telegraph (52–46). Among these respondents, in other words, almost half of its own readers didn't consider the Telegraph trustworthy.
The generally high regard for the ABC carries over into support on particular policy questions. For example, in our 2010 Polimetrix survey, 80 per cent thought that in the modern world public broadcasting was still important, with only 6 per cent thinking its time had passed. In June 2013, an Essential Poll found a clear majority (57–15) opposing privatisation of the ABC and SBS. In October 2012, Essential reported that 34 per cent thought the ABC should receive more funding, with another 32 per cent considering current levels about right and only 17 per cent believing it should receive less funding.
A consistent – indeed a stark – picture emerges from this polling data, but it is not one you are likely to see highlighted in the Australian. The public has little confidence in the news media as a whole, and the ABC is, overwhelmingly, the most trusted and respected media institution in the country. •
Jul 7, 2014 - DeeJ
It's Bungie Day. You want information. You want answers! You want the truth. Here goes…
If all you need from Destiny is a grand adventure that sends you to the stars in search of your own personal legend, we've got you more than covered. If you've played Bungie games in the past, you're not prepared for the scope and the scale of this next-gen shooter.
However! If you crave more ways to express your inner-Guardian, we've also got you covered. Destiny is all about collecting loot, after all. The treasures you claim on your missions will enhance your experience. They'll make you a unique warrior in a brave new world worthy of heroes. They'll deepen your understanding of the journey. This is as true for the Guardian that kicks alien ass it is for the player that drives them forward.
Be you a Guardian or a collector, there is a version of Destiny for you. Check ‘em out.
LIMITED EDITION
Humanity has been searching the ruins of our Golden Age for Guardians – heroes capable of wielding Light as a weapon. You have just been found and given a vital mission: defend our home, drive back the forces of Darkness, find a way to awaken the Traveler, and Become Legend. Humanity has been searching the ruins of our Golden Age for Guardians – heroes capable of wielding Light as a weapon. You have just been found and given a vital mission: defend our home, drive back the forces of Darkness, find a way to awaken the Traveler, and Become Legend.
CONTENTS
-Limited Edition SteelBook™ Case and Game Disc
-Guardian Folio, containing:
-“Arms and Armament” Field Guide: Many believe the weapons and armor featured in this record are a myth. You will learn the truth.
-Postcards from the Golden Age: Our worlds have been claimed by our enemies. Now, it's time to take them back.
-Antique Star Chart: Explore the wild frontiers of our solar system. Discover all that we have lost.
-Collector's Edition Digital Content: The City has provided you with a cache of items to start you on your journey, including:
-A Unique Ghost Casing -An Exclusive Player Emblem -An Exclusive Player Ship Skin -Includes the Destiny Expansion Pass*
GHOST EDITION
This is your Ghost. It sought you out for centuries. It found you, dead and forgotten in the ruins of our civilization's violent Collapse, and it brought you back to life to protect us all. Defend our home, drive back the forces of Darkness, find a way to awaken the Traveler, and Become Legend. This is your Ghost. It sought you out for centuries. It found you, dead and forgotten in the ruins of our civilization's violent Collapse, and it brought you back to life to protect us all. Defend our home, drive back the forces of Darkness, find a way to awaken the Traveler, and Become Legend.
CONTENTS
-Limited Edition SteelBook™ Case and Game Disc
-Ghost Replica: This is your motion-sensing Ghost, featuring lights and audio from the game. May it lead you through the Darkness.
-Letter of Introduction: These worlds were once ours. If you accept your destiny, you will be asked to do the impossible.
-Golden Age Relics, which include a Patch, Sticker, and two Chrome slides of the Traveler
-Guardian Folio, containing:
-“Arms and Armament” Field Guide: Many believe the weapons and armor featured in this record are a myth. -You will learn the truth.
-Postcards from the Golden Age: Our worlds have been claimed by our enemies. Now, it's time to take them back.
-Antique Star Chart: Explore the wild frontiers of our solar system. Discover all that we have lost.
-Collector's Edition Digital Content: The City has also provided you with a cache of items to start you on your journey, including:
-A Unique Ghost Casing -An Exclusive Player Emblem -An Exclusive Player Ship Skin
-Includes the Destiny Expansion Pass*
DIGITAL GUARDIAN EDITION
Destiny is a next generation first-person shooter, with rich cinematic storytelling set in huge worlds to explore. Create and customize your Guardian. Defeat your enemies. Become Legend in intense cooperative, competitive, and innovative public gameplay modes.
CONTENTS
-Digital Download of Destiny -Early access to Vanguard Armory and Player Emblem pre-order bonus -Reservation for two upcoming Destiny Expansions, “The Dark Below” and “House of Wolves,” featuring:
-Brand-new story missions -Cooperative and competitive multiplayer arenas -A wealth of all new weapons, armor, and gear to earn
-Collector's Edition Digital Content: The City has also provided you with a cache of items to start you on your journey, including: -A Unique Ghost Casing
-An Exclusive Player Emblem
-An Exclusive Player Ship Skin
* DESTINY EXPANSION PASS
Expand your Destiny adventure with brand-new story missions, cooperative activities, competitive multiplayer arenas, and all wealth of all new weapons, armor, and gear to earn. The Destiny Expansion Pass includes Destiny Expansion I: "The Dark Below" and Destiny Expansion II: "House of Wolves." In "The Dark Below," you'll discover an ancient tomb has been unsealed. Beneath the surface of the Moon, a dark god has answered centuries of prayer, and a dark army has risen. Explore the true depths of the Hellmouth. Stop the dark Hive ritual and survive.
Of course, every pre-order of Destiny is deserving of special rewards – even if all you want is the game we've always wanted to make at Bungie. Your commitment to become a Guardian on Day One will gain you favor with the Vanguard Quartermaster in the Tower. This is not the only way to earn Vanguard items – but it's a jump start in the arms race.
Want a closer look at all of this?
In the latter days of the Carter presidency, it became fashionable to say that the office had become unmanageable and was simply too big for one man. Some suggested a single, six-year presidential term. The president's own White House counsel suggested abolishing the separation of powers and going to a more parliamentary system of unitary executive control. America had become ungovernable.
Then came Ronald Reagan, and all that chatter disappeared.
The tyranny of entitlements? Reagan collaborated with Tip O'Neill, the legendary Democratic House speaker, to establish the Alan Greenspan commission that kept Social Security solvent for a quarter-century.
A corrupted system of taxation? Reagan worked with liberal Democrat Bill Bradley to craft a legislative miracle: tax reform that eliminated dozens of loopholes and slashed rates across the board -- and fueled two decades of economic growth.
Later, a highly skilled Democratic president, Bill Clinton, successfully tackled another supposedly intractable problem: the culture of intergenerational dependency. They collaborated with another House speaker, Newt Gingrich, to produce the single most successful social reform of our time, the abolition of welfare as an entitlement.
It turned out that the country's problems were not problems of structure but of leadership. Reagan and Clinton had it. Carter didn't. Under a president with extensive executive experience, good political skills and an ideological compass in tune with the public, the country was indeed governable.
It's 2010, and the first-year agenda of a popular and promising young president has gone down in flames. Barack Obama's two signature initiatives -- cap-and-trade and health-care reform -- lie in ruins.
Desperate to explain away this scandalous state of affairs, liberal apologists haul out the old reliable from the Carter years: "America the Ungovernable." So declared Newsweek. "Is America Ungovernable?" coyly asked the New Republic. Guess the answer.
The rage at the machine has produced the usual litany of systemic explanations. Special interests are too powerful. The Senate filibuster stymies social progress. A burdensome constitutional order prevents innovation. If only we could be more like China, pines Tom Friedman, waxing poetic about the efficiency of the Chinese authoritarian model, while America flails about under its "two parties . . . with their duel-to-the-death paralysis." The better thinkers, bewildered and furious that their president has not gotten their way, have developed a sudden disdain for our inherently incremental constitutional system.
Yet, what's new about any of these supposedly ruinous structural impediments? Special interests blocking policy changes? They have been around since the beginning of the republic -- and since the beginning of the republic, strong presidents, like the two Roosevelts, have rallied the citizenry and overcome them.
And then, of course, there's the filibuster, the newest liberal bete noire. "Don't blame Mr. Obama," writes Paul Krugman of the president's failures. "Blame our political culture instead. . . . And blame the filibuster, under which 41 senators can make the country ungovernable."
Ungovernable, once again. Of course, just yesterday the same Paul Krugman was warning about "extremists" trying "to eliminate the filibuster" when Democrats used it systematically to block one Bush (43) judicial nomination after another. Back then, Democrats touted it as an indispensable check on overweening majority power. Well, it still is. Indeed, the Senate with its ponderous procedures and decentralized structure is serving precisely the function the Founders intended: as a brake on the passions of the House and a caution about precipitous transformative change.
Leave it to Mickey Kaus, a principled liberal who supports health-care reform, to debunk these structural excuses: "Lots of intellectual effort now seems to be going into explaining Obama's (possible/likely/impending) health care failure as the inevitable product of larger historic and constitutional forces. . . . But in this case there's a simpler explanation: Barack Obama's job was to sell a health care reform plan to American voters. They failed."
They failed because the utter implausibility of its central promise -- expanded coverage at lower cost -- led voters to conclude that it would lead ultimately to more government, more taxes and more debt. More broadly, the Democrats failed because, thinking the economic emergency would give them the political mandate and legislative window, they tried to impose a left-wing agenda on a center-right country. The people said no, expressing themselves first in spontaneous demonstrations, then in public opinion polls, then in elections -- Virginia, New Jersey and, most emphatically, Massachusetts.
That's not a structural defect. That's a textbook demonstration of popular will expressing itself -- despite the special interests -- through the existing structures. In other words, the system worked.
letters@charleskrauthammer.com
Hamas is accused of using violence to stifle opposition in Gaza
A rights group has accused Palestinian organisation Hamas of killing or maiming alleged collaborators and political opponents in Gaza.
At least 20 people had been killed since the end of last year, Amnesty International stated in a report based on testimony from inside Gaza.
Scores of others had been beaten and injured, the rights group said.
Amnesty says Hamas has been meting out summary justice to those believed to have helped Israeli forces.
The intimidation is said to have started soon after the Israeli army began its operation in Gaza last December and to have continued after its ceasefire in January.
Independent inquiry
"Hamas forces in Gaza have engaged in abductions, unlawful killings, torture and death threats against those they accuse of 'collaborating' with Israel," says the report.
It says the same violence has been inflicted on "opponents and critics" of the Hamas administration.
Many witnesses and victims are said to be too frightened to come forward.
But one victim told investigators how they had been taken from their home by masked men and shot in both legs.
Some of those killed are said to have been shot dead while receiving hospital treatment.
Amnesty has called for an end to the violence and is urging the Hamas leadership to set up an independent commission to look into its allegations.
Be the Batman For 99 Cents
By Jason Moody
It's 1985.
You're with your mom, hanging off the edge of a shopping cart in your local grocery store -- for me, an A&P. As your mom weaves through aisle after aisle, they toss boxes of Hamburger Helper, cans of Franco-American Spagheti-Ohs, glass jars of JIFF peanut butter (I demanded NOTHING less, and required a smiley face drawn in my sammich, just as the commercials told me loving mothers do.) ... you get the point.
As for you - you're probably pretending you're Indiana Jones riding in the mines from Temple of Doom, or Atreyu flying on Falcor through the clouds of Fantasia ... until something hanging on the end cap of an aisle catches your eye.
A long rectangular package with white cardboard backing and a clear plastic shell covering the treasure that has just captured your gaze. It's a BATMAN toy. Not just ANY Batman toy, this is some kind of Batman tool kit.
Batman handcuffs, Batman watch, by Odin a Batman walky talky! You see that there are other packages with different Batman sets.
A knife and an axe!? Score! A compass and a Batman canteen! Hey, even Batman gets thirsty, especially when he's busy fighting criminals!
You keep looking, pulling package after package off the rack, your mind can barely contain the rapture and elation filling your tiny six year old heart.
You turn to your mom, your eyes barely able to meet theirs over the mountain of Batman merchandise in your arms. "No."
Brutal. They don't understand. This is it. This is your One-Eyed Willy's Treasure. With these tools at your disposal ... you can LITERALLY be Batman. You could make a difference. You could be the hero your neighborhood deserves ... for a mere 99 cents.
"but ... MAAAAHHHHHMMMM!!!!!"
They agree to ONE, after a civil discussion.
Good enough. This will be your Year One. Even Batman started somewhere.
Looking back, I think the thing that has stuck with me the most about these Henry Gordon Batman toys is not the unimaginative Bat-Gadgets (really? A knife and an axe?), but it's the artwork. There's something very nostalgic to me about the characters on the package. They simply ooze early 80's Batman. From the sky blue and light grey color scheme of Batman's costume to the look of that red and yellow Batman logo - it really sends me back. It's nearly palpable.
In 1982, artist José Luis García-López created a DC style guide, and consequently influenced the look of some of the most recognizable superheroes for the next 25 years.
But, it was the style guide in 1982 and García-López's art work that ended up being used for most of the merchandise sold throughout the 1980's. This was the quintessential face of Batman until 1989.
To be honest- the character that captivated me most from García-López, was their Joker. There was something that was simply ... perfect about him. That long chin, wide smile, unmistakable hair. It was this Joker that inspired me to dress as the cown prince of crime for Halloween in forth grade.
Good times.
So, do you remember these Batman toys, or at the very least the distinctive look and style of the characters that were so prevalent in the 80's? Did you ever put puffy stickers on your trapper keeper?
-- Are your nostalgia senses tingling?
Ever since the inspector general of the U.S. Postal Service authored a white paper endorsing the concept of postal banking, more advocates and policymakers have become intrigued. Postal banking is actually an old idea: Dozens of countries offer simple financial services through their posts, and here in America, Postal Savings Accounts served millions of customers from 1911-1967 (the post office still sells money orders today). But it could also fix a number of our current problems simultaneously, even ones you haven't thought about. Here are 10 different applications of postal banking, in order from most to least obvious:
1) Financial inclusion for low-income Americans. The most recent data from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation shows that about 10 million households are “unbanked,” with no access to traditional financial services. Another 24 million are “underbanked,” meaning they have a bank account but still use alternative services like check cashing stores, pawnbrokers or payday lenders. The unbanked and underbanked represent over one in four households in the U.S. In many cases they literally can't find a bank in their communities; 93 percent of all bank branch closings since 2008 have come in ZIP codes where the average household income is below the median level. By offering basic financial services – an ATM card, an interest-bearing savings account, even potentially small loans – the Postal Service can give millions stable access to banking, a critical component of our modern society. Try renting a car, obtaining health insurance on healthcare.gov or even getting a job without a bank account.
Advertisement:
2) Reducing inequality and boosting the economy. Unbanked and underbanked Americans pay a hefty price for their lack of access. According to the Postal Service IG report, the average household spends $2,412 a year on interest and fees for alternative financial services. This is about one-tenth of their gross income, going right into the corporate accounts of unscrupulous and predatory operations. If the post office can deliver these services at a dramatic discount, they could save families thousands of dollars, and drive the conglomerates that prey on these communities out of business. Not only does this fit with the regulatory imperative of protecting Americans from financial abuse, it gives them breathing room to pay for necessities, putting the money back into the economy. People who filed for bankruptcy in 2012 were just $26 a month short of meeting their expenses. Discounted financial services could fill that gap, lifting many Americans out of desperation and stretching their income.
3) Stabilizing the Postal Service. We should be careful with trying to balance the books of the post office on the backs of the working poor. But the good news is that the Postal Service's finances are not as dire as advertised – most of the recent shortfall comes from them having to pre-fund retirement benefits 75 years out, something no public agency or private business has to do – and the modest income earned from basic banking services can merely help keep them flush. It's a far better alternative than mass layoffs and branch closures at the nation's second-largest civilian employer, which allows hundreds of thousands of families a union job and a ladder into the middle class. Post offices already have the critical physical infrastructure to serve these communities – 58 percent of their branches are in ZIP codes with one bank branch or fewer. Offering banking will ensure the Postal Service keeps those branches and survives long into the future.
4) A better way to deliver federal benefits. Did you know that Social Security benefits no longer get distributed via check? State and federal agencies, to save money and promote convenience, have started to deliver benefits through direct deposit, or for those without a bank account, through electronic benefits transfers (EBT) onto debit cards. Predictably, big banks pick up this business and charge high fees for beneficiaries to access food stamps or unemployment insurance. With postal banking, federal benefits could get loaded onto Postal ATM Cards at no additional cost, saving the government and beneficiaries money. Moreover, the unbanked would have an easy way to access their benefits.
5) A savings vehicle for the poor. President Obama tried to address the problem of inadequate savings for retirement with myRA, a savings system deducted from paychecks that earns a modest rate of return without risk of loss. I've written about how myRA doesn't really do much to solve the retirement crisis. More important, myRA accounts over $15,000 must get rolled over into a Roth IRA, subjecting that money to the vicissitudes of the market and the Wall Street financial advisers who charge exorbitant fees for the privilege. The Postal Service could offer the exact same savings account as myRA, without having to roll it over. This at least promotes savings that could be used in an emergency or as a modest aid in retirement.
6) Bringing immigrants into society. Historical data shows that the old Postal Savings System was most popular with recent immigrants, who had experience doing their banking at postal branches in their countries. Currently, immigrants take advantage of the post office for money orders and “Dinero Seguro,” an electronic money transfer service to nine Latin American countries. Adding postal banking could really cater to these communities by hooking up with other global postal systems. The International Financial System of the Universal Postal Union includes over 60 countries, making it simple and cheap to transfer funds electronically from one country to another. International money transfers from the U.S. rose to $51 billion in 2012, and the Postal Service is well-positioned to facilitate this. Immigrants using a government agency could bring them closer into U.S. society and ease the hardships of our immigration system.
7) Preventing identity fraud. The recent data breaches at Target have revealed a shocking truth – America has the worst payment security system in the world, and as a result, over half of the world's identity theft happens here. Unlike most developed countries, U.S. credit and debit cards have a magnetic stripe, instead of the more secure “chip-and-PIN” system (where cards have a microchip in them, and customers have to use a PIN number at the point of sale). If you read the excuses from major banks about why they haven't upgraded this outdated system, you'll see a lot of finger-pointing at retailers who don't have the proper card readers. In reality, banks just don't want to pay for the upgrade of issuing new cards and the customer service of dealing with forgotten PIN numbers. The Postal Service, with no old debit cards to retire, could immediately use chip-and-PIN systems and force the upgrade the country needs.
Advertisement:
8) Modernizing the payment system. Hey, forget credit and debit cards; that's old technology. Countries like Kenya have successfully experimented with mobile payments, making transferring money as simple as sending a text message. Benefiting from starting from scratch, the Postal Service could integrate accounts with mobile seamlessly, enabling convenient payments through smartphones for everything from utility bills to the corner store. Our current payment system is slow; it takes days for a check or debit card transaction to clear when with mobile payments it could take minutes, and banks refuse to upgrade the system (notice a pattern?). The Postal Service could serve as the backbone for a new system that would improve payments for individuals and small businesses.
9) Safeguarding personal data. Like every other business in America, banks sell your personal information to advertisers and use your data as a profit center. This is one way that predatory lenders target low-income communities, finding their leads through personal financial data. With postal banking, your information is likely to be protected by the Privacy Act of 1974, which applies to all government agencies. This would be perhaps the first legitimate halt to the mass big data grab that infects practically everything we do these days, and it would help prevent deceptive credit practices by denying crooked businesses the information they need to target people.
10) Ending recessions. Truly. Postal banking would integrate well with the concept of giving everyone with a Social Security number an ATM account with the Federal Reserve, instead of intermediating it through a commercial bank. The physical ATMs could be at any of the 35,000 postal branches nationwide (or through their mobile-enabled postal account). Rajiv Sehti, an economics professor at Barnard College and Columbia University, explains that this would allow the Fed to directly target economic downturns. When the economy lags, the Fed could place a few hundred dollars in everyone's account, with the proviso that it gets spent immediately. That would offer an immediate and timely Keynesian stimulus, paid for by normal Fed operations (the Fed made $79.5 billion last year alone). Conducting monetary policy this way would do a lot more to help Main Street than the current quantitative easing, which raises asset prices and helps mostly the wealthy.
This menu of possibilities for postal banking makes it extremely attractive, along with the fact that, according to the inspector general report, the Postal Service may explore it under its existing authority, rather than having to hope for an act of Congress. The Postal Service Board of Governors can begin this process tomorrow by starting some pilot programs. New Board of Governors nominee Vicki Kennedy (Ted's widow) can follow in their family's footsteps by improving the lives of millions of ordinary Americans through postal banking, the Swiss army knife of public policy.
I had a suspicion a big pop might happen but it's still sometimes surreal to see it happen first thing in the New Year!
Let's take a look at the “repeating history” (you might be very surprised) and learn lessons from yet another excellent example of one of my favorite concepts – Popped Stops.
First, the overall structure of the SPX beginning 2011:
Instead of a broad overview, I wanted to focus your attention on two things:
First, the Popped Stops single day ‘slaughter' (for the bears) that occurred in early November and just repeated today.
Second, the price and divergence structure that preceded the pop, which served to trick the aggressive bears and pop them right out.
Let me do a brief overview of Popped Stops as it applies to the example above, a concept I discuss frequently in intraday summaries and in prior seminars/webinars.
Generally, when price pushes up to a resistance level or the upper Bollinger Band and divergences are present, aggressive short-sellers go ahead and position AHEAD of an official entry signal, such as the breaking of a rising trendline or moving average (neither of which happened in either situation).
Condition 1 is that Bears must be compelled/enticed by the charts to enter. Upon entering, they (usually) place stop-losses (buy to cover) above their entries and a resistance level.
Condition 2 is that – for whatever reason – buyers/bulls ignore the divergences and press ahead buying anyway – which is a source of demand that overcomes the selling pressure of the bears.
Once bears enter and place stops, then bulls buy to force price higher, bears then – you guessed it – BUY to cover, locking in their losses.
This then often creates a short-term “Positive Feedback Loop” wherein for a brief time, BULLS are buying (to profit) and BEARS are buying (to limit losses).
To the extent that these two forces create more and more buying, the market will surge.
Usually it happens in a single day or over a few sessions, which gives the very aggressive trader (who understands this concept) a chance to profit FROM the feedback loop and ‘crushing' of the short-term bears.
That being said, look at the near-perfect repeat of history that gave clues that an upside explosion was on the table as a possibility … and today became reality.
Here is a ‘price purism' view of the charts and the pattern repeat:
Generally – in fact quite frequently – an overextended price swing that contains negative divergences tends to retrace sharply – if not reverse course entirely.
That's the ‘common' and expected play, but the Popped Stops concept teaches one of my favorite quotes:
“If something SHOULD happen but does NOT, then it often leads to a LARGER THAN EXPECTED move in the opposite direction.”
The “larger than expected” move can be traded by aggressive, savvy traders. Others who are building experience should learn this concept and use it to LIMIT LOSSES, and not fight a breakout move no matter how bearish (or bullish if this situation was reversed in a downtrend) the charts look.
Positive feedback loops can be painful and if you're caught short and refuse to exit, you can lose a lot of money quickly.
Rule 1 is therefore to protect capital.
Rule 2 – with experience – is to profit from these little pops in price.
One of the facts of Technical Analysis – and trading in general – is that history repeats. Sometimes, it repeats from one day to the next, but generally patterns repeat.
It takes practice to see and classify the patterns (and I'm not necessarily talking about triangles or bull flags, though those are very common, repeating patterns too) but STRUCTURAL patterns like this.
Anyway, take some time to study this example, how it developed, how bears were lured in, and then forced to liquidate on the pre-market morning rally and of course throughout the morning session of the day – which gave sharp intraday traders a quick opportunity for some profits from the feedback loop.
By the way, if history continues to repeat, what happened AFTER the pop in November was a little (expected) pullback.
Watch to see if that develops and if not, then we'll see even higher prices as more bears rush to cover.
I'll be discussing more about trade execution tactics of patterns and structure in a presentation on “Trade Execution Tactics” at the New York Trader's Expo – February 20 – 23.
I really enjoy the Expos and traders of all experience levels benefit from attending and networking and I hope you can join us all there!.
Corey Rosenbloom, CMT
Afraid to Trade.com
Follow Corey on Twitter: http://twitter.com/afraidtotrade
Order your copy of The Complete Trading Course (Wiley Finance) now available.
Emily Lakdawalla • July 10, 2010
Lutetia -- and Saturn!!
A quick post of just one of the gorgeous images from Rosetta's flyby of Lutetia today; for more, see the Rosetta Blog. But this one was just too pretty to wait for.
The solar system is a very, very empty place. It is incredibly rare to catch two objects passing close to each other. Yet, just as Rosetta was approaching for its flyby of Lutetia, it happened to catch a second solar system object in the background -- and a very recognizable one at that: Saturn!
ESA 2010 MPS for OSIRIS Team MPS / UPD / LAM / IAA / RSSD / INTA / UPM / DASP / IDA Lutetia - and Saturn! As Rosetta flew past Lutetia, a bright ringed planet passed through its field of view -- Saturn! As Rosetta flew past Lutetia, a bright ringed planet passed through its field of view -- Saturn!
Emily Lakdawalla Senior Editor and Planetary Evangelist for The Planetary Society
Read more articles by Emily Lakdawalla
Tom Schwartz and Katie Maloney are happily married, thank you very much.
E! News sat down with the Vanderpump Rules couple at Kyle Chan's 3rd Annual #LoveCampaign Party at SUR where they clarified all the divorce rumors that have been circulating them lately, promising their fans that marriage has been "blissful."
They think the speculation stemmed from the fact that they don't post many pictures together on social media.
"We don't heavily document our lives too much," Katie said as Tom added, "I just like putting weird and random stuff on my social media. I didn't even notice that. It wasn't an indication of some sort of subconscious reflection of the status of our relationship."
Still, the rumors made their way to their families. Both Katie and Tom admitted their mothers called them to double-check that everything was OK.
Welcome back to Canada for Occult Burial's, Hideous Obscure. Over the last four years these maniacal metalheads have been honing their craft through shows, splits, and demos. I have praised a few groups this year so far for taking a more heavy metal approach to blackened thrash, but I don't think any of them have quite reached the peak of nostalgia that these guys have. I put this record on, and I am truly transported back to the 80's. Were I to have pulled the wool over your eyes here and just said that this was some lost tape from the decade, I am quite sure many of you would have believed me.
The production is the key. It doesn't necessarily sound purposefully lo-fi. Rather, it sounds like what a professional recording with studio backing used to sound like at the time. In essence, Hideous Obscure is like an amalgam of Screaming for Vengeance, Seasons in the Abyss, and Venom's Welcome to Hell. With those albums in mind, it should come as no surprise that this album is a riffstravaganza. Thrash, heavy, and speed metal form Voltron to create some of the fastest, joyous riffs you're likely to hear.
"Blasted Death" is a great example, opening the album with barely any vocals at all. The axe does the talking. But things really get into the black metal edge of things towards the end, casting out some truly demented screeches before scratching out some chaotic Kerry King solos. This continues into the hooky "Black Adoration," which lives up to its name in worship to all things that spawned black metal. And let me also say that the drumming here is top notch when it comes to velocity. They power through these tracks like it's easy, and the production helps the performance really come alive.
But my personal favorite song is definitely "A Witch Shall Be Born." It opens with a fun little impromptu jam before the vocalist, much in the way of early Mayhem and Darkthrone, growls "eeerrr...Evil Metal!" Then it's all over. D-beat threatens to punch a hole in the bass drum while the tremolo-picking, howls, and classic rock solos tear a blackened void right into the studio mix. Like anything Occult Burial has to offer, the name of the game is doing honor to the greats.
After spending some extended time with this, I am convinced that the band is actually a group of time travelers sent from the past to undo the wrongs of modern production and cookie-cutter mainstream metal bands. At all costs, the only way they know how, Occult Burial rocks us jaded future-folk back to a time when things were only just beginning to get truly interesting when it came to the dark, loud, and shocking. This is an album everyone should take time with, but if you particularly enjoyed recent releases from Destroyer 666 or Rebel Wizard, take it one step further with Hideous Obscure.
an irascible old football coach They have an irascible disposition.
Recent Examples on the Web
As their literary stature grew, so did their reputation as a difficult, irascible personality. Sylvia Hui, Fox News, "Nobel Prize-winning author V.S. Naipaul dies at 85," 11 Aug. 2018
Upstairs, in a quiet corner, Rupert Murdoch gave Ed Koch a ribbing, the irascible mayor — into their third term — cowed by a tabloid king still on their way up. Jay Cheshes, Town & Country, "Caviar and Cocaine," 6 Feb. 2013
So the brilliant, grumpy and irascible priest of old times is gone, and — with them — goes a priceless oral history of the blues and thousands of songs. George Varga, sandiegouniontribune.com, "Lou Curtiss, a key mentor to Tom Waits, Jack Tempchin and other musicians, has died at 79," 10 July 2018
The Lorax is the noble but irascible environmental guardian who lives in the enchanted land of the fluffy Truffula tree. James Hebert, sandiegouniontribune.com, "At Old Globe, 'The Lorax' brings Dr. Seuss' environmental saga to vivid life," 8 July 2018
As Plummer humanizes their character, moving them from towering narcissist to irascible charmer, the story shoves Farmiga in the other direction. Gary Thompson, Philly.com, "'Boundaries' reduces Farmiga to Plummer's helper.," 4 July 2018
Getty Images Harlan Ellison, the legendary, legendarily irascible speculative fiction writer who died this week at age 84, wrote the greatest episode of Star Trek ever made. Keith Phipps, Vox, "Harlan Ellison wrote Star Trek's greatest episode. They hated it.," 29 June 2018
Juszkiewicz has a colourful reputation as a business person, a reportedly irascible and temperamental character, they were known for taking their sales execs to a gun range to shoot up Fenders, Gibson's main rival guitar brand. Cary Darling, Houston Chronicle, "Let's Go, EaDo: What to check out on Houston's changing east side," 14 June 2018
The more the rest of the world complains, the more irascible China sounds. The Economist, "A threatened trade war between China and America may be on hold," 24 May 2018
These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'irascible.' Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Send us feedback.
After rumors swirled that Justin Bieber was considering making a move to Atlanta, a local radio station pulled off the ultimate hoax, duping the likes of CNN, TMZ, Gawker, Time and the BBC, among other media outlets.
According to CNN, a morning show on Atlanta station Rock 100.5 called “The Regular Guys” created a fake neighborhood group and convinced a total of 33 international outlets that the “Buckhead Neighborhood Coalition” was protesting against the pop singer putting down roots in Atlanta following their recent trouble with the law.
The hoax reportedly generated a whopping 45,000 news stories.
Tim Andrews from “The Regular Guys” played the role of Harold White in the interviews with major outlets such as the BBC and pretended to be the face of the fictitious protest.
Speaking with CNN, Andrews (as White) said, “We're concerned he'll bring the wrong type of element into a quiet, residential area. It is our position that a person with their means could certainly find a neighborhood more suited to their eclectic lifestyle.”
Following the protest, which took place in front of an on-the-market mansion, the show's host Larry Wachs admitted Monday that the whole scheme had been a hoax and called the prank “a big win.”
Bieber's reps have not commented on the rumored move.
Here are just some of the outlets who reported the story via iMediaEthics.com (most of whom have yet to update their story):
The documentary "A Sinner in Mecca" follows Parvez Sharma on their once-in-a-lifetime journey to a country where homosexuality is punishable by death
LONDON, June 8 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Millions of Muslims each year make the arduous and exhausting haj pilgrimage to the holy city of Mecca in Saudi Arabia, but for one filmmaker, it was a journey that could have cost them their life.
The documentary "A Sinner in Mecca", which screened at the Sheffield Doc Fest on Sunday, follows Parvez Sharma, a gay Muslim living in New York, on their once-in-a-lifetime journey to a country where homosexuality is punishable by death.
For many Muslims, travelling to Mecca is the culmination of their entire lives, but for Sharma, who secretly filmed their pilgrimage on an iPhone, it was borne of a need to prove that they could reconcile their sexuality with their devotion to Islam.
Sharma said they were fortunate to be allowed into the conservative Islamic kingdom, despite their sexuality and a film career in which they have challenged conservative Islam.
"I was going back into the closet as a gay man, and also a filmmaker," said Sharma, who was publicly labelled an infidel in Saudi Arabia for their 2007 film "A Jihad for Love", which documented the lives of gay and lesbian Muslims worldwide.
"I was probably the most public Muslim homosexual on the planet... and my "sins" were very visible to anyone would care to simply search for my name online," Sharma told the Thomson Reuters Foundation at the annual film festival.
As a stark reminder of the chasm between Sharma's sexuality and their faith, the film opens with an exchange of distressed messages on a gay social network site between the filmmaker in New York and their friend Mo in the Saudi city of Medina.
In a frantic flurry of keystrokes, Mo recalls watching the beheading of a man in public, who they say was rumoured to have been executed because they were accused of being gay.
"Please help me get the out of this country it's hell. HELL. HELL. HELL," Mo says on the networking site.
SHAME
The film not only follows the pilgrimage, but also explores Sharma's life with husband Dan in New York, and their troubled relationship with their late mother as a young man in India.
Having travelled to India at the end of their time in Mecca, Sharma reads various letters from their mother - who died of cancer when they were 21 - imploring them to find a wife.
"I always wonder 'Did the shame of my sexuality kill her? Am I the one who has sinned?'" Sharma asks themselves in the film.
"Mother never forgave me for being gay Them anger was relentless, and my shame eternal."
It is this shame that Sharma wrestles with as they narrate the pilgrimage which all Muslims must undertake once in their lives - to cleanse them of their sins in the eyes of Allah.
The filmmaker is wracked with doubt throughout their journey, often pondering if they will be accepted by Allah and denouncing contemporary Islam as at war with itself and having been "hijacked by a violent minority".
In one ritual of the haj, known as qurbani, Sharma kills a goat by slitting its throat, yet is overcome with remorse.
"By killing another living being, I have also killed part of myself. What is gone is the part of me that wondered if Islam would accept me... it is up to me, as a gay Muslim, to accept Islam," Sharma says as the film concludes.
Reflecting on what they refer to as the greatest journey of their life, Sharma talks about powerful moments where they felt completely alone despite being surrounded by millions of people.
"I felt I was making the pilgrimage on behalf of hundreds of thousands of gay Muslims who would never be able to go due to being too afraid. For me - it was my haj of defiance."
(Reporting By Kieran Guilbert, Editing by Ros Russell; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, corruption and climate change. Visit www.trust.org)
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
jQuery Core: Version 1.9 and Beyond
Posted on by
Please check out the followup post before jumping to the wrong conclusion.
As the last blog post discussed, jQuery version 1.8 is undergoing a spring cleaning to remove insecure, inefficient, ineffective, and inadvisable features. We've also begun the work to allow you to build custom versions that exclude parts of the library for even greater savings. Those efforts will make it possible for you to enjoy the jQuery API you need without carrying around the parts you don't want.
Now that we've cleaned house, it's time to take a look forward. There's just one thing interfering with our vision of the future, and that's the ghost of browsers past. Internet Explorer 6, 7, and 8–collectively, oldIE–have been a thorn in the side of web developers for a decade. Collectively, these browsers of a bygone era still represent up to one-third of users visiting some sites. That is a lot of users–people who still want the information, services and products that web sites provide. For many web sites that use jQuery, it's not practical or profitable to ignore that audience.
jQuery was conceived specifically to address the differences in browsers, so we're not going to abandon the essence of our philosophy and simply disregard the millions of active Internet users who (for whatever reasons) still use oldIE. Yet we also want to move ahead and take advantage of modern browsers, especially the growing mobile market.
The Road Ahead
jQuery 1.8 should arrive within a month. Here is our thinking about the next two versions of jQuery to follow it, and when they'll arrive:
jQuery 1.9 (early 2013): We'll remove many of the interfaces already deprecated in version 1.8; some of them will be available as plugins or alternative APIs supported by the jQuery project. IE 6/7/8 will be supported as today.
We'll remove many of the interfaces already deprecated in version 1.8; some of them will be available as plugins or alternative APIs supported by the jQuery project. IE 6/7/8 will be supported as today. jQuery 1.9.x (ongoing in 2013 and beyond): This version will continue to get fixes for any regressions, new browser bugs, etc.
This version will continue to get fixes for any regressions, new browser bugs, etc. jQuery 2.0 (early 2013, not long after 1.9): This version will support the same APIs as jQuery 1.9 does, but removes support for IE 6/7/8 oddities such as borked event model, IE7 “attroperties”, HTML5 shims, etc.
Our goal is for 1.9 and 2.0 to be interchangeable as far as the API set they support. When 2.0 comes out, your decision on which version to choose should be as simple as this: If you need IE 6/7/8 support, choose 1.9; otherwise you can use either 1.9 or 2.0.
Questions and Answers
If jQuery 1.9 and 2.0 are basically the same API, what makes 2.0 compelling? Smaller size, better performance, and the lack of problems introduced by the need for oldIE support. We expect that we can improve error handling in the $.Deferred implementation in 2.0, for example, whereas we can't do that as long as oldIE is supported.
My site still has many IE7/8 visitors but I want to use jQuery 2.0. Can I do that? If your web site needs oldIE support, and we expect most sites will need it for at least another year or two, you can use IE conditional comments to include version 1.9 only when visitors are using oldIE:
<!--[if lt IE 9]> <script src="jquery-1.9.0.js"></script> <![endif]--> <!--[if gte IE 9]><!--> <script src="jquery-2.0.0.js"></script> <!--<![endif]-->
Why not make an “oldIE plugin” for jQuery 2.0? Special dispensations for oldIE are sprinkled throughout jQuery. Refactoring the code to provide enough hooks so that oldIE support could be added as a plugin would complicate the code for the modern browser case. Plus, developers supporting oldIE and using a public CDN would then need to include two files (jQuery 2.0 and the oldIE plugin) instead of one.
Once jQuery 2.0 is released, what happens to 1.9? In a departure from the past, we'll continue to fix bugs in 1.9 (as minor releases). Having just gone through a spring cleaning for 1.8 and 1.9, we don't anticipate adding a lot of new APIs in the future. Instead, we prefer to add new functionality through plugins compatible with both versions where it makes sense. So don't feel like you're being left behind when using version 1.9.
Is jQuery 2.0 basically for mobile devices? No. Although jQuery 2.0 will be a great fit for HTML mobile apps, including ones written with jQuery Mobile, it is not a Webkit-only library that targets just iOS and Android. In addition to mobile browsers, 2.0 will support (and be tested!) with modern desktop versions of Internet Explorer, Opera, Firefox, Safari, and Chrome.
How much smaller/faster will jQuery 2.0 be? We won't know until we're done, or at least close to being done. You can bet that we'll tell you more as the release date for 2.0 draws near. Better yet, you can try the beta when it is released and see for yourself!
click image Yelp
What the pho!? (The former Addison Eatery and Atlas Global Bistro spot) A photo posted by Stephen A. Caladiao (@stevecaladiao) on Sep 20, 2015 at 11:31am PDT
If you're a Westsider/Dearborn resident, you already know and love Pho Lucky. The affordable, authentic purveyor of the Vietnamese staple Pho that sits right in the border township of Redford is a mainstay. And it's growing. First reported by Eater Detroit last month, it recently opened an outpost in Southfield and has another location in Novi.First spotted by us on Instagram, Pho Lucky's latest branch will be in Midtown on Woodward in the former home of Addison Eatery and before that, Atlas Global Bistro. Manager Michael Morehead confirms with us that indeed the spot is slated to open within the next couple of months, possibly by late October.While the location's former high-end establishments folded, this growing chain could find success here. The menu is quite reasonably-priced, meaningful for an area that is kind of a mashup of gentrified, rehabbed mansions in nearby Brush Park, lower-income residents who occupy subsidized housing and Wayne State students, looking for cheap, but nonetheless tasty eats. It also offers Detroiters one of only a few places in the city proper to enjoy a heaping bowl of cilantro, hoisin and meaty broth-infused rice noodle bowls.
On Saturday night, Kanye West took the stage for the first time since February, kicking off their run of summer festival shows at X Games Austin. Though they failed to perform any new songs from their forthcoming eighth studio album, they did debut a new stage show. Suited for the festival crowd, the backdrop included a scaled down version of their Yeezus tour mountain and a mammoth video screen, which depicted elaborate visuals of waterfalls, clouds, and Kanye's mean mug.
The setlist, meanwhile, was similar to the one playing during Kanye's Yeezus tour, heavy in material from their last two studio albums, the Cruel Summer group album, and greatest hits.
Check out images of the stage, a few fan-shot clips of the performance, and the full setlist below.
At one point, they even signed someone's pair of Yeezys:
Setlist:
Black Skinhead
Don't Like
Mercy
Cold
Clique
Can't Tell Me Nothing
Jesus Walks
New Slaves
Power
Stronger
Blood on the Leaves
Runaway
Run This Town
Diamonds From Sierra Leone
Heartless
All Falls Down
Touch the Sky
Homecoming
All of the Lights
Good Life
Bound 2
Presumably, Kanye will perform with a similar setup for their appearance at Bonnaroo next Friday night.
The New Arab World Order
The most telling aspect of the anti-regime demonstrations that have rocked the Arab world is what they are not about: They are not about the existential plight of the Palestinians under Israeli occupation; nor are they at least overtly anti-Western or even anti-American. The demonstrators have directed their ire against unemployment, tyranny, and the general lack of dignity and justice in their own societies. This constitutes a sea change in modern Middle Eastern history.
Of course, such was the course of demonstrations against the Shah of Iran in 1978 and 1979, before that revolution was hijacked by Islamists. But in none of these Arab countries is there a charismatic Islamic radical who is the oppositional focal point, like Ayatollah Khomeini was; nor are the various Islamist organizations in the Arab world as theoretical and ideological in their anti-Americanism as was the Shiite clergy. The Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt functions to a significant extent as a community self-help organization and may not necessarily try to hijack the uprising to the extent as happened in Iran. And even Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is not quite so identified with American interests as was the shah. The differences between 2011 in Egypt and 1978 in Iran are more profound than the similarities.
Furthermore, whatever the outcome of these uprisings, it seems clear that Arabs and their new leaders will be focused for years to come on the imperfections within their own societies — perhaps to a greater degree than on injustices committed by Israel and the West abroad. Indeed, in Tunisia the demonstrations were partially spurred by the WikiLeaks cables that showed Washington deeply ambivalent about the regime and not likely to stand with it in a crisis. Politics may thus become normalized in the Arab world, rather than radicalized. Remember: A signal goal of al Qaeda was the toppling of such regimes as Mubarak's, which oppressed their own people and were seen as toadies to American and Israeli interests. If Mubarak goes, al Qaeda will lose a recruiting argument.
But the dangers to U.S. interests of what comes next in the Arab world are hard to exaggerate. Were demonstrations to spread in a big way to Jordan and Saudi Arabia, a catastrophe could be looming. A more enlightened, pro-American regime than the one now in Jordan is hard to imagine. As for the Saudi royal family, it is probably the worst possible form of government for that country except for any other that might credibly replace it. Imagine all that weaponry the United States has sold the Saudis over the decades falling into the hands of Wahhabi radicals. Imagine Yemen were it divided once again into northern and southern parts, or with even weaker central control issuing from the capital city of Sanaa. The United States would be virtually on its own battling al Qaeda there.
Right now all these uprisings look somewhat the same, as they did in Eastern Europe in 1989. But like in Eastern Europe, each country will end up a bit differently, with politics reflecting its particular constituency and state of institutional and educational development. Poland and Hungary had relatively easy paths to capitalism and democracy; Romania and Bulgaria were sunk in abject poverty for years; Albania suffered occasional bouts of anarchy; and Yugoslavia descended into civil war that killed hundreds of thousands of people. The Arab world is in some ways more diverse than Eastern Europe, and we should therefore heed the uniqueness of each country's political and historical situation in calibrating U.S. policy.
President Barack Obama's administration should stand up for first principles of civil society, nonviolence, and human rights everywhere; and where an autocrat appears on the way out, as happened in Tunisia and might happen in Egypt, the United States can play a constructive role in easing their removal, even as it reaches out to the new political forces at play. American diplomacy in the Arab world is about to become even more intricate. No longer will it be a matter of having one telephone number to call in each country. Henceforth, Washington will have to deal with dozens of political personalities to get the same things done as it used to with just one leader. Democracy equals complexity.
CLOSE At a rally in Philadelphia, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton began their remarks thanking first responders and saying the weekend attacks were a sobering reminder that we need steady leadership in a dangerous world. AP
Hillary Clinton speaks with members of the media at Westchester County Airport in White Plains, N.Y., on Sept. 19, 2016. (Photo11: Matt Rourke, AP)
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are accusing each other of heightening the risk of domestic terror attacks in the aftermath of bombings in New York and New Jersey. Trump called Clinton's refugee policies "weak," while they said he's become an online "recruiting sergeant," given their rhetoric, who has no plan to defeat the Islamic State.
In response to Saturday blasts in New Jersey and New York and a knife attack in Minnesota, Clinton called Monday for a surge in intelligence and greater coordination with local law enforcement and Silicon Valley technology companies; more outreach to Muslim-American communities to apprehend troubled individuals; and intensified diplomatic efforts across the Middle East.
“It's important for voters to hear this and weigh it,” Clinton told reporters after Trump accused them and President Obama of being “weak” on terror.
“We know that a lot of the rhetoric we've heard from Donald Trump has been seized on by terrorists, in particular ISIS, because they are looking to make this into a war against Islam rather than a war against jihadists, violent terrorists,” said Clinton, speaking at an airport hangar in White Plains, N.Y.
“They want to use that to recruit more fighters to their cause by turning it into a religious conflict. That's why I've been very clear: We're going after the bad guys, and we're going to get them, but we're not going to go after an entire religion and give ISIS exactly what it is wanting,” said Clinton.
The Islamic State and Al Shabaab, the East African affiliate of the al-Qaida terrorist group, have used clips of Trump calling for their Muslim ban in videos, according to PolitiFact.
Meanwhile, in a later campaign stop in Florida, Trump said Clinton lacks the "moral clarity" to serve as president.
"She very much caused the problem," they said, citing "her weakness, them ineffectiveness." They blamed the weekend attacks on an "extremely open immigration system which fails to properly vet and screen" individuals coming to the United States. Terrorists "want them so badly to be your president, you have no idea," they said, citing the current administration's policies in Iraq, Syria and the Middle East.
"Her attacks on me are all meant to deflect their record of unleashing this monster of evil," they added.
The Saturday explosions are thrusting national security concerns back to the fore of the 2016 presidential race a week before the candidates face off in their first debate.
On Monday, the GOP presidential nominee also called for profiling individuals in a manner similar to Israel's approach. Their proposal for a temporary ban on non-U.S. Muslims has gotten less attention recently amid the lull between attacks in the U.S.
In their speech, Trump reiterated their call for a temporary immigration suspension from regions that pose a terrorist threat, without saying whether they would apply a religious test.
Donald Trump speaks during their campaign rally in Fort Myers, Fla., on Sept. 19, 2016. (Photo11: Luke Franke, Naples Daily News)
Trump is pointing to the Obama administration's policy of admitting refugees from war-torn areas of the Middle East, such as Syria, in addition to lax border security.
The suspect in Saturday's bombings, Ahmad Khan Rahami, is a New Jersey resident of Afghan descent and a naturalized U.S. citizen. Omar Mateen, the shooter at the Pulse night club in Orlando, which killed 49 people in June, is also a U.S. citizen.
Trump did not get into specifics on their plan to battle the terror threat during an earlier appearance on Fox News Monday, promising simply to “knock the hell out of them" and that "we have to lead for a change."
"It's called leadership," they added.
Clinton is also highlighting their résumé in drawing contrasts with Trump. They said that while they are in favor of “tough vetting” of refugees, solving the problem requires a broader plan. “I'm the only candidate in this race who's been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield,” they said Monday.
They said former CIA director Michael Hayden agreed with the notion that Trump is being used as a “recruiting sergeant” and called for intensified efforts to intercept online activity.
Islamic State recruiters “look for people who online demonstrate the mental profile, the level of paranoia, the level of delusion, the level of disappointment that then is exploited by quite able terrorist recruiters,” they said.
Clinton is also pressing their argument that Trump does not have the temperament to serve as president in the aftermath of the attacks. In the past, Clinton has accused Trump of stoking terrorism fears.
In their Fox News interview, Trump was asked about their conclusion before investigators had announced their findings that a bomb had been detonated. “What I said was exactly correct. I should be a newscaster because I called it before the news, but what I said what exactly correct,” they said. They also said they expect attacks are “something that will happen perhaps, more and more all over the country.”
For their part, Clinton urged Americans not to become fearful in the face of another attack.
”
"We choose resolve, not fear," they said. "We will not turn on each other or undermine our values.”
Contributing: Eliza Collins
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2ddWSQc
According to a court document from the Southern District of Mississippi Court System, Mississippi Power Company (MPC) is suing GAW Miners for upwards of $350,000 for failure to make payment for services provided.
On September 29, 2014, the two parties reached an agreement where MPC would provide power to GAW in a unique way that required MPC to “invest in the purchase of certain transformers and incur the cost of installing such transformers.” The court document goes on to explain that this cost was $49,335.20 to install, not including the equipment costs.
The document goes on to explain that electric service started on October 15, 2014 and GAW has only made one payment to MPC despite receiving monthly payments from the power company. Because of missed payments, MPC cut power to GAW's facility on January 27, 2015.
MPC wants the court to award it the cost of the remaining eight months on the contract plus the cost of installing the unique transformers, which is $73,493.48. On top of that, MPC also wants GAW to pay the $223,818.61 that was owed to the power company at the time power was cut off to the facility. Due to this, MPC argues it has incurred damages equal to $346,647.29, not including interest, costs, and any attorney's fees.
Their argument is that because MPC provided a service that GAW never paid for, MPC has suffered certain damages that they believe should be recoverable.
Rough Times for GAW Miners
According to research conducted by CoinFire, the Securities and Exchange Commission have opened an investigation into GAW Miners and its owner, Josh Garza. While the SEC has not yet drafted any enforcement action, there are over 1,000 pages of investigation. With this lawsuit, it appears that GAW and Garza have a long uphill legal battle ahead of them with the government and the utilities all looking for a piece.
Image by Fayerollinson / CC BY-SA 3.0
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch asked not to be considered as a nominee to fill the Supreme Court vacancy created by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia last month, the Justice Department said on Tuesday.
U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch testifies before a House Appropriations subcommittee on the Justice's Department budget in Washington February 24, 2016. REUTERS/Gary Cameron
Lynch, 56, was rumored to be under consideration by Democratic President Barack Obama.  They are held in high regard within the administration, received bipartisan support for their nomination as attorney general and would be the first black woman to serve on the Supreme Court.
“Given the urgent issues before the Department of Justice, they asked not to be considered for the position,” the department said in a statement.
In recent weeks, other names have emerged on Obama's short list, including Sri Srinivasan, Jane Kelly and Paul Watford, all of whom serve as federal appeals court judges.
In an interview with Fox News last week, Lynch responded to speculation they were being vetted for the job.
“I haven't had those conversations. I'm very happy with my job,” Lynch said.
Justice Department spokesperson Melanie Newman said that while Lynch was deeply grateful for the support of those who suggested them as a high court nominee, “she is honored to serve as attorney general, and they are fully committed to carrying out the work of the Department of Justice for the remainder of their term.”
The process of filling the spot that was held by Scalia, one of the court's most conservative justices, has ignited a partisan battle in Washington.
Republicans who control the U.S. Senate do not want to see the court shift ideologically to the left and have said they will not hold a vote on Obama's nominee.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said the next Supreme Court justice should be chosen by the winner of the Nov. 8 presidential election.
"Aussie, Aussie, Aussie!" Or possibly "bleugh!" Pizza Hut has just launched a new pizza and meat pie combo, complete with tomato sauce. We're not sure how to feel about this.
The Four'N Twenty Stuffed Crust Pizza does exactly what it says on the tin: much like last year's "Cheeseburger Crust" pizza, it combines two popular fast foods into one tasty abomination. Here's the spiel from Pizza Hut:
Australia's newest and tastiest lovechild has arrived following a secret and steamy relationship between Pizza Hut and Four'N Twenty that has created the Four'N Twenty Stuffed Crust Pizza. The exciting new arrival brings two all-time Aussie favourites – meat pies and pizza – finally together with eight delicious bite-sized Four'N Twenty meat pies nestled into the crust of your favourite Pizza Hut pizza.
As you can see from the above photo, each miniature pie comes with an obligatory splash of tomato sauce. We feel that Pizza Hut has crossed a line here. We're not entirely sure what this line represents — it could be a new age of enlightenment or the end of civilisation as we know it. We'll be taste-testing this bad boy next week. In the meantime, let us know what you think in the comments.
House Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows (R-NC), Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH), and other members of the Freedom Caucus filed a discharge petition on Friday to repeal Obamacare.
The Freedom Caucus filed a discharge petition a few weeks ago that would put a clean repeal bill of Obamacare before the House floor. Now that the Freedom Caucus put the bill on the House floor on Friday, conservative members can start gathering the necessary signatures to force the House to vote on the legislation. The discharge petition would require 218 signatures from members of Congress to force the House to vote on the bill.
The legislation drafted by Rep. Jordan mirrors the clean repeal bill of Obamacare in 2015, which passed the House and the Senate and would have become law if there were a Republican in the White House. In the following weeks, the Freedom Caucus will petition fellow members of the House to sign the petition. The legislation proposed by the Freedom Caucus would repeal most of Obamacare by the end of 2018, allowing lawmakers ample time to draft a free-market alternative to the Affordable Care Act.
Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows charged, “It's critical that we keep our promise to the American people and repeal Obamacare and replace it with a policy that works for American families. We cannot drag this process out any longer. This bill – with a two-year delay on implementation of repeal – will force Congress to come together on a replacement bill. President Trump is eager to sign repeal and replace, it's time we get to work and send both to their desk.”
Meadows previously explained to Breitbart News in an exclusive interview that Rep. Tom Garrett's discharge petition would prevent House leadership, Democrats, or moderates from adding amendments to water down the Obamacare repeal bill. The House previously used a discharge petition to revive the U.S. Export-Import Bank four months after its charter expires. Meadows told Breitbart News:
It's actually a little more nuanced approach, this is actually addressing a discharge petition with a rule and it allows us to control the process where we do not receive amendments to the 2015 bill that would water it down or allow for a poison pill amendment. We've used this as a tool to not only say we want the same bill as the one that we voted on in 2015 but unlike the Export-Import debate this doesn't require Democrats to discharge it. Obviously, we have 242 Republican members of the House so all we have to do is sign on without a single Democrat to force action on the House floor. If we do not there will not only be political consequences of not doing what we said we would do but also the consequences of Obamacare continuing to implode, and premiums continuing to go up and providers leaving states, and just sitting back and doing nothing is not an option.
The Freedom Caucus petition has already gained traction. Republican Study Committee Chairman Mark Walker (R-NC) announced their support for the Freedom Caucus' discharge petition. Walker said, “Republicans already sent this bill to the president in 2016, and should do it again. The only thing that changed since then is that with Donald Trump as president, this bill would actually be signed into law. This repeal should be the bare minimum Republicans pass on Obamacare as it fulfills the promise we all made to repeal Obamacare. I look forward to signing this petition on the House Floor when we return from recess.”
Rep. Jordan, the former Freedom Caucus chairperson, cheered Walker's support for the discharge petition. In an exclusive statement to Breitbart News, Rep. Jordan said, “I appreciate Chairman Walker's support for the Freedom Caucus' effort to keep our word to the American people.”
We must keep our promise to repeal & replace Obamacare. The 1st step is to send to @POTUS Trump's desk the same bill we sent to Obama's. — Mark Meadows (@RepMarkMeadows) August 11, 2017
Bad news for the Oregon Ducks men's basketball team as point guard Dominic Artis is out indefinitely with a foot injury of undetermined severity. According to the Register-Guard, Artis was seeing wearing a protective boot. While head coach Dana Altman was unavailable to the media on Friday, the Guard's source indicated that Artis was likely to play again this season.
This is obviously a huge loss for Oregon, as Artis ran the team like a veteran, averaging 10.2 points and 3.8 assits. Johnathan Loyd now becomes the starting point guard, and they are a big drop off from Artis, with averages of 2.8 points and 2.2 assists while being a subpar shooter. Willie Moore, who has played only five minutes in Pac-12 play, should enter the rotation for Oregon.
Oregon takes on Washington at home today at 4:00 p.m., then goes on the Bay Area road trip. While the team is leading the Pac-12, having already beaten Arizona and UCLA, this injury puts a big damper on Oregon's Pac-12 title hopes. Loyd is going to have to step up in a big way.
Civil War ship found at bottom of Houston Ship Channel yields trove of artifacts
The Dahlgren Cannon will sit in Texas City Museum on a re-created carriage and will form the first phase of the exhibit due to open early 2014. The Dahlgren Cannon will sit in Texas City Museum on a re-created carriage and will form the first phase of the exhibit due to open early 2014. Image 1 of / 37 Caption Close Civil War ships found at bottom of Houston Ship Channel yields trove of artifacts 1 / 37 Back to Gallery
A 150-year-old Civil War ship and its contents is on its way to Texas City after being excavated from the bottom of the Houston Ship Channel and restored in a five-year project.
The USS Westfield, which sank in the Battle of Galveston in 1863, was brought to the surface in 2009 in what was the largest maritime archaeological rescue project ever undertaken in Texas.
Once up, archaeological conservators discovered hundreds of artifacts including belt buckles from the crew, boiler and engine parts as well as live ammunition.
The star of the find is a 12-foot-long cannon, which could have fired projectiles over a mile and a half.
"This thing is a beast!" said Justin Parkoff, manager of the Westfield project at Texas A&M Conservation Research Lab where the restoration is taking place.
Early in 2014, that cannon will be sitting on a re-created carriage at the Texas City Museum.
Closer to summer comes a rebuild of the engine cylinder, and later in the year a massive reconstruction of the boiler. That will be so big it will reach the museum roof, Parkoff said.
"It will be a huge attraction," said museum curator Linda Turner. "So many Civil War buffs will want to come and see it. It will be dramatic."
The Westfield sank on New Year's Day 1863 during the Battle of Galveston, where Confederate troops recaptured the island in an early morning surprise attack.
The ship, a converted Staten Island Ferry boat, ran aground. It's captain didn't want the ship to be captured so called for an evacuation and set a charge to blow it up.
Unfortunately for him, the charges went off prematurely and they and 12 others went down with the ship.
"We're always looking for bone," said Parkoff. "Every time I find a bone, I treat it with the utmost respect." They doubt the bones they have found are from the crew, but they will be sent away for analysis.
It's been a painstaking conservation process. Hundreds of fragments of the ship and its contents were brought up covered in marine concretion, essentially looking like huge rocks. Many had to be X-rayed to see what was inside.
Often that led to some big surprises. One piece that looked like a bolt revealed a tiny salt pot on X-ray which is now a treasured and unique part of the exhibit.
"It's been a very difficult process," said Parkoff. "We didn't know what any of this was, it's unrecognizable. How do you make sense of hundreds of bits of metal?"
It took years of work with pneumatic tools and chisels to remove most of the concretion, then longer in chemical baths to uncover the true identity of the massive metal jigsaw.
"Individually, these pieces mean nothing, but together they tell a story," Parkoff said.
Once complete, the Westfield exhibit will become the second largest of its kind in Texas. The largest is the French ship La Belle, which was recovered from Matagorda Bay. It is also being conserved at Texas A&M and eventually will end up in Austin.
"Westfield's tragic story reminds us of the sacrifices that both sides were willing to take in that war." Parkoff said. "The story of this vessel and those men that died aboard them should be honored and preserved for future generations."
Laz Diaz and Joe Girardi had some words for each other during Monday's game. (Stephen Dunn/Getty Images) Laz Diaz and Joe Girardi had some words for each other during Monday's game. (Stephen Dunn/Getty Images)
Laz Diaz isn't the majors' most trigger-happy umpire, but over the years he's found themselves at the center of controversy more than a few times. During Monday night's Yankees-Angels game in Anaheim, they put on quite the Ump Show, ejecting Yankees manager Joe Girardi and pitcher Shawn Kelley for arguing balls and strikes, the latter after they had been given the hook. Following the game, Girardi claimed that Diaz had escalated tensions with an earlier, Dikembe Mutambo-style finger wag.
Girardi's ejection came in the top of the eighth inning, when the two teams were tied at 1-1. With the bases loaded, nobody out and Brett Gardner facing a flagging Jered Weaver, Diaz called a low 1-0 sinker — the second pitch of this sequence, just a whisker higher than the one they had called a ball to start the plate appearance — a strike. With the frustration of a skipper who's just traveled three time zones amid a 1-4 skid, Girardi came out of the dugout to argue, triggering an automatic ejection. They stayed to get their money's worth, not only spiking their cap but going jaw-to-jaw with Diaz for about a minute before departing, leaving bench coach Tony Pena at the helm. Via NJ.com:
The Yankees didn't score; Gardner wound up striking out and then Derek Jeter hit into a double play. Kelley began the bottom of the inning by walking Colin Cowgill on six pitches, and after getting two outs, one of which advanced Cowgill to second, they were issued orders to intentionally walk Albert Pujols, who was 2-for-3 on the night, and from there things spiraled out of control. They lost an eight-pitch battle to Raul Ibanez, who walked to load the bases, then forced in a run by walking Howie Kendrick on five pitches.
The PITCHf/x data from BrooksBaseball.net, which I've linked to for those three batters, shows that none of the calls for those three hitters were egregious; if anything, the strike zone plots show that Kelley got the benefit of the doubt on the borderline pitches. Still, issuing three walks in an inning and forcing in the go-ahead run will test the patience of anyone, and the 30-year-old righty jawed with Diaz as they made their way off the field. The umpire would have done well to turn their back and ignore Kelley, but instead they made an elaborate show out of shooing them off the field and then ejecting him:
[mlbvideo id="32642453" width="600" height="336" /]
After the game, Kelley took the blame for their part of the situation, telling reporters, "I'm not going to say anything about the strike zone… I made a lot of bad pitches. It's on me." Girardi was still incensed, however. They recalled a clash earlier in the game involving a called strike three to Kelly Johnson that was above the zone where they felt Diaz intentionally provoked them and their squad. Via MLB.com's Bryan Hoch:
Girardi revealed that there had been an incident during Kelly Johnson's second-inning strikeout in which Diaz waggled their finger at Girardi, as if to say no more, a gesture that Girardi called "the Mutumbo," in reference to former NBA star Dikembe Mutumbo's dismissive wave. "I don't appreciate that. I'm not a little kid," Girardi said. "I don't need to be scolded. Obviously we're trying to work together and I just thought there were a lot of inconsistencies tonight. "No one is coming [to the game] to see Laz, I can tell you that."
In getting ejected by Diaz, Girardi became the umpire's first repeat customer; they were ejected for arguing balls and strikes during a 2008 game against the Red Sox. A more bizarre incident during their Yankee tenure came in 2012 when Diaz wouldn't let Yankee catcher Russell Martin throw new baseballs to the pitcher, telling them they hadn't "earned" the right — actions that Martin thought were an attempt to bait them into getting ejected, though both they and Girardi steered clear of further confrontation. No fines were issued to either the umpire or the catcher after the league reviewed the incident.
Diaz has found themselves at the center of other controversies before. While a 2012 Deadspin series cited data that their ejection rate was less than two-thirds of the MLB average, data at BaseballSavant.com shows that he's consistently among the majors' leaders in both percentage of pitches out of the zone called strikes and percentage in the zone called balls; he's the worst in the majors at both this year, in fact. Similarly, writer Jason Collette cited TruMedia data showing that this season, Diaz has the lowest percentage of correct ball/strike calls:
https://twitter.com/jasoncollette/status/463646412312674304
According to Collette, Diaz is the majors' third-worst since 2012 as well.
Mike Mayock is a big name in the world of draft analysts, trailing just behind Mel Kiper Jr. and Todd McShay. On Tuesday they spent nearly three hours talking to reporters about the upcoming 2014 NFL Draft.
SB Nation's own Matthew Fairburn was on the call, and from them and the official transcript, we've gleaned some interesting thoughts for Falcons fans. Here's a rundown.
On the Falcons drafting a tackle: " You know what, I personally think they need to get an edge guy at six if they can and then go get the tackle later. But, if you want to know about those tackles, I think the safety pick in the offensive line is Jake Matthews from A&M. He's already a professional. He's got a skill set, you plug them in day one and he'll play at a high level."
" On Barr, Clowney and Mack possibly falling to Atlanta: " Yeah, especially depending on how quickly those quarterbacks go. If I'm an Atlanta fan, I'm rooting for three quarterbacks to go as fast as possible so I'm left with nothing but great position players."
Yeah, especially depending on how quickly those quarterbacks go. If I'm an Atlanta fan, I'm rooting for three quarterbacks to go as fast as possible so I'm left with nothing but great position players." On Kony Ealy, a sleeper pick to the Falcons: " As far as Ealy is concerned, ended up liking them more than I expected to, and I think he's a 43 defensive end. I don't really think he's an outside linebacker. I think to compare them to, say, [Aldon] Smith who came out a couple years ago. He's not quite as athletic as Aldon Smith, but he's a little more physical, a little better against the run." So I think he's probably a base 43 ends and I think he'll go somewhere in that 20, 23 range in the first round.
On Khalil Mack in a 4-3: "I think they could play with their skill set and their ability to drop, their ability to I think they could play SAM or WILL to be honest with you. He's 63, 248. You could line them up on a tight end and he'd be okay." I think the important thing is that if you are drafting them as a 43 team you have to make sure that in nickel and sub situations, you're freeing them up to go get the quarterback and in today's NFL, because of the versatility in defenses, I think that's fine.
I think the important thing is that if you are drafting them as a 43 team you have to make sure that in nickel and sub situations, you're freeing them up to go get the quarterback and in today's NFL, because of the versatility in defenses, I think that's fine. On the depth of the draft class: " You can go three rounds, four rounds deep this year, and get a starting offensive tackle."
On Clowney's drive: "All those things (add) up. My biggest concern is just what's their mental makeup. How important is it to them when they get a big paycheck to become the best player in football or is they just going to be happy to be a millionaire. That's the most critical checking point from an organization (standpoint), is finding out what's the motivation. I know what kind of football player they are when motivated. I just want to know what kind of kid I'm getting."
Your thoughts regarding these comments? Be sure to read Fairburn's story for more.
Last December, kitchen helpers, wait staff and dim sum chefs at two Regal Chinese restaurants in Scarborough and Richmond Hill learned that their employer was abruptly closing its doors. According to the Metro Toronto Chinese and Southeast Asian Legal Clinic, about 60 workers now find themselves owed a total of $300,000 in unpaid wages, overtime, vacation pay and termination pay. If the numbered Ontario companies operating the restaurants simply declared bankruptcy or entered receivership, these workers could apply to the federal Wage Earner Protection Program (WEPP). The WEPP pays workers the unpaid wages they are owed — up front, subject to an annual cap. Then the federal government joins the bankruptcy or receivership proceedings as a creditor to recover those monies.
Regal Palace restaurant in Richmond Hill closed its doors last December without paying its employees the hundreds of thousands of dollars owed to them. ( Provided )
Unfortunately, in the Regal case, it wasn't quite so simple. Although the controlling director filed for personal bankruptcy in July, the company formally employing Regal workers must file for bankruptcy or become subject to receivership for workers to be eligible for the WEPP. This case is not uncommon, and highlights one of the shortcomings of the WEPP, which is now undergoing a five-year review. Since coming into effect in 2008, the WEPP has provided a measure of fairness for precarious workers trying to recoup unpaid wages from defaulting employers. According to Industry Canada, more than 60 per cent of bankruptcies in a given year can occur in industries like retail and accommodation and food services, sectors characterized by low-paid, precarious employment, often lacking union protection. As important as the Wage Earner Protection Program is, however, there are key shortcomings that need addressing.
Article Continued Below
First and foremost, the ceiling on payments is too low. The maximum WEPP payment, equal to four weeks of maximum insurable earnings under the Employment Insurance Act ($3,738 in 2014), means that too many workers are recovering only a portion of the money owed to them. According to the government's statistics, the average amount owed is equal to twice the maximum WEPP payment, and the average WEPP payment as a share of the amount owed to workers is falling. The federal government needs to dramatically increase, or even eliminate, the cap on unpaid wages recoverable under the program. Second, employers commonly walk away from businesses, shut their doors or change names without entering formal restructuring or officially declaring bankruptcy. The government should therefore look at more ways that the WEPP could apply to defaulting employers who have substantially ceased operations, but have not declared bankruptcy. At a minimum, WEPP's coverage for monies owed should be extended to two years after cease of operations prior to bankruptcy, receivership or commencement of restructuring proceedings. Finally, there is a close link between employment standards violations of workers while on the job and the wage theft that occurs when employers shut their doors. Low-wage, precarious workers are already at higher risk of wage theft and employment standards violations, including unpaid wages, overtime violations and minimum wage violations. Newcomers and immigrant workers are often paid under the table, making it difficult to prove unpaid wages in the event the employer does go bankrupt. There is no substitute for strong enforcement of employment standards legislation, with strong measures to deter employers from breaking the rules. But workers would also standards from better integration between the WEPP and provincial employment standards enforcement. Whenever workers file a proof of claim under the WEPP, a file should be opened with the provincial ministry of labour section responsible for administering employment standards. In 1991, the Ontario government amended the Employment Standards Act to include an employee wage protection program. The provincial program helped workers recover unpaid wages from insolvent and bankrupt employers, but also when employers didn't pay for other reasons. It's worth noting that defaulting employers could be ordered to pay a maximum of $5,000, a limit that even in 1991 was well above today's maximum WEPP payment. We can and should do a lot more for vulnerable workers victimized by unscrupulous employers. Hassan Yussuff is president of the Canadian Labour Congress.
New data from the NPD group has revealed that Microsoft only managed to sell 115,000 Xbox One units during the month of April. The data also revealed that with the Xbox One and Xbox 360 combined, the Xbox platform sold the most games across all console platforms with 2.6 million games sold. The Xbox One sold 447,000 games in April while the Xbox 360 sold 2.2 million, totaling 53 percent of the total software.
“Combined, Xbox One and Xbox 360 held eight of the top 10 spots on the generation eight and generation seven console game lists in the U.S. And, Xbox One continues to outpace Xbox 360 sales in the same historical time period by selling over 76 percent more units in the first six months on the market,” Microsoft stated in an official blog post.
While the Xbox One sold 115,000 units in April, the Xbox 360 managed to sell 71,000 units. Comparatively, the Xbox One sold 311,000 units in the US during the month of March, surpassing Xbox 360 sales by more than 60% at the same point in time. The Xbox 360 wasn't too bad itself, having sold 111,000 consoles during the month of March.
Xbox One and Xbox 360, combined, held eight of the top ten spots when it came to games in the US. These games include “Titanfall” (Xbox One), “Kinect Sports Rivals” (Xbox One), “Titanfall” (Xbox 360), “Call of Duty: Ghosts” (Xbox 360), “NBA 2K14” (Xbox 360), “Grand Theft Auto V” (Xbox 360), “Minecraft” (Xbox 360) and “Plants vs. Zombies: Garden Warfare” (Xbox 360).
Just recently, Microsoft announced that beginning June 9th, the Xbox One will also be made available without a Kinect for $399. This may have upset a lot of Xbox One owners and Kinect developers, but Microsoft is simply looking to catch up and overtake Sony's PS4 in the next-gen console war by offering a cheaper priced gaming option.
Share This
Further reading: Microsoft
Fossils are a marvel to behold. Coils of shell, lines of bone, spreading branches of a plant — these are the records of the lives that once graced our planet, a reminder that our moment is not only the present alone, but an accretion of the years before it.
Beyond their beauty, fossils are also physical objects, with heft and depth, contours and textures. These qualities are not easily conveyed across the Internet, which tends to resolve on screens, brightly colored and flat.
This shortcoming is being addressed by a new database launched by the British Geological Service, which contains not just thousands of images of fossils held in a host of British collections, but also 3D models of many of those fossils, which can be viewed, rotated and enlarged in an interactive display case (if your browser supports HTML5) and can additionally be downloaded as .ply and .obj files, for those who would like to try printing out their own version. Here, for example, is a 3D, interactive trilobite for you to play with.
Unless you happen to have access to the collection of the National Museum of Wales, you would have no other way to see that little guy, who lived some 426.2 to 428.2 million years ago. So get digging.
Image: Creative Commons, Tomleetaiwan
This article originally published at The Atlantic here
Authored by David Sherwin, the man that brought you the best selling Creative Workshop, here comes the business side of being creative! Success by Design is a reference for designers to remind themselves of best practices in the industry.
While it is important to fuel your creativity and build your core design skills, to expand your proficiency in tools like Adobe Photoshop or Corel Draw, there is more to being a graphic designer. Your overall success is dictated by more than just what is in your portfolio.
images from Shutterstock
Communication Skills
Good communication is a cornerstone of good design. After all, design is about visual communication. You have to go beyond the visual and communicate well, both in writing and verbally, to be able to get your ideas across to clients and employers. Too often designers lean on their visual communication as a crutch and never feel the need to develop these other skills to the fullest. It's often a choice that holds many designers back from reaching their true potential.
Being able to discuss your work, present your ideas, write strong proposals or even a good blog post, all will directly impact your career as a designer going forward.
Marketing Skills
As graphic designers, we are on the front lines when it comes to advertising and marketing to customers. “Presentation isn't everything, it's the only thing.”
Graphic designers tend to view themselves more than “artists” than “marketers.” The level of marketing required in your career can vary from job to job, but regardless, it's important to have a strong understanding of the marketing and advertising goals and relationship behind what you're designing.
At the end of the day it matters less about it “looking cool”, and more about its ability to close sales. This is something that many designers learn the hard way throughout the course of their career.
Illustration Skills
While it is not always necessary to be able to draw in order to be a graphic designer, it doesn't hurt. Additionally, strong illustration skills will set you apart from the crowd and make your life as a designer much easier. Being able to develop ideas and concepts before you get to the computer is important, so that when you do go digital you're not overwhelmed by the tools and options available. Being able to handle illustration with pencil and paper means that when you get to to compute,r you will be executing on your ideas instead of staring at a blank screen that matches the blank you're drawing in your mind.
Technical Capability
There are many benefits to being a tech-savvy creative. For one thing, you may save a considerable amount of money by being able to troubleshoot and provide your own tech support. You may also find it speeds things up being able to solve problems yourself rather than waiting for someone to show up and save you when your machines won't cooperate.
Having an awareness of new technology and what tools are best suited to help you achieve your task is growing to be more important as time goes on. While it is possible to outsource tech work, it's becoming less practical as the world becomes more about fast delivery and execution.
Networking Skills
Creative professionals can be complacent when it comes to career advancement. Even freelancers need to consider their overall career road-map. Networking is essential to gaining momentum and moving your career forward.
If you're a freelancer, networking provides you with opportunities to connect with potential clients or those who can refer you to them. For in-house designers, networking is the key to your career escalation, getting a better job opportunity, or creating the leverage you need to get a raise or promotion.
Networking also allows you to connect with other people in your industry or in the creative services world in general. These individuals may be able to pass along information or resources that can help you, introduce you to people in a position to create some other value for you, or act as a mentor.
Research and Planning Skills
Something often overlooked by designers is the importance of good research, as well as strategic planning. Delivering quality design work is about more than just creativity—it's also about context. You can't design something with the proper context in mind for the audience if it is subject matter you are unfamiliar with or uninterested in.
In terms of planning, you need to have a workflow and strategy for approaching each project. Knowing the steps from beginning to end and being able to adapt them as needed for each situation is going to make your work more efficient and cause you less anxiety about deadlines. Being in a position to break down your process for a client or employer is also going to give them less anxiety as well.
Bonus: Empathy
Empathy is probably the best kept secret to being a good designer. Too often, creatives come off as “divas and divos” who only care about how good their work looks in their portfolios. The ability to empathize with your clients and their struggles, as well as those of the end user/customer, ensures that you are making design decisions with the right intent.
Your clients will be happier knowing that you are willing to work with them and capable of understanding them. You will be able to deliver tremendous value for them without feeling like you've compromised, and this will lead to better relationships and repeat business.
The world needs beautiful design. But aesthetics are inherently subjective. In Design Currency, authors Jenn and Ken Visocky O'Grady show designers how to understand and speak about the value of their design work in terms that their business partners will both understand and respect. A veritable survival guide for designers, Design Currency empowers designers to do their jobs with less pushback on design decisions, enable them to get involved earlier in the creation process, make it easier for them to justify their fees, and possibly keep their jobs from being out-sourced or even crowd-sourced. Learn more.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. stands in the ring before their fight with Andre Berto. (AP)
Nick Diaz has drawn plenty of support from their contemporaries in the sports and entertainment world after their shocking five-year suspension by the Nevada Athletic Commission after a positive drug test for marijuana metabolites.
The test was Diaz's third positive test for marijuana in their career. And despite the drug being legal in various forms across America, the commission decided to drop the hammer on the 32-year-old Stockton, Calif., native.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
UFC superstar Ronda Rousey came to the defense of their ‘dear friend' during a recent media tour in Australia, saying, “If one person tests for steroids, that could actually really hurt a person, and the other person smokes a plant that makes them happy, and they get suspended for five years! Whereas a guy who could hurt someone so much that they could've died in there [and] they get a slap on the wrist! It's not fair. It's not fair at all.”
One fan was so incensed by the commission's ruling that they started a petition on WhiteHouse.gov to have the ruling overturned. As of Tuesday at midnight, it has 51,000 of the 100,000 required signatures needed before it can be officially looked at.
But now one of Nevada's most powerful athletes, Floyd 'Money' Mayweather, is offering their opinion on the Diaz ruling. And he's plenty familiar with the Nevada Athletic Commission.
“Man, let that man smoke weed and enjoy their life,” Mayweather said.
(Warning: Accompanying video has strong language. Viewer discretion is advised.)
Mayweather, as most know by now, has a checkered past with domestic violence in the state of Nevada. So much so, in fact, that they served a 90-day jail sentence (he was out in two months) in 2012 in a misdemeanor domestic battery case.
Story continues
Despite the visibility of Mayweather and their multiple domestic violence allegations, the NAC has never disciplined (or thoroughly questioned) Mayweather. Yet, this same commission felt the need to suspend Diaz for what will, essentially, be the rest of their career.
The surprised look on Mayweather's face in the video really says it all.
- - - - - - -
Ryan McKinnell is a contributor for the Yahoo Sports Cagewriter blog. Have a tip? Email them or
Greece has opened hundreds of tax-evasion cases against citizens suspected of hiding assets outside the country, Greece's top anti-corruption official George Vassiliadis told HuffPost Greece this week.
Greeks have owed their government billions of euros in taxes over the past few years. Greece's creditors, including the International Monetary Fund, have long posited that a crackdown on tax evasion could help alleviate the country's debt crisis.
The Syriza government is now delivering on the commitment it made at the beginning of 2015 to get tough on tax evasion and pursue wealthy citizens who keep their funds in Switzerland.
Ramping up the number of investigators in recent months, the government has already assessed 810 million euros worth of fines, and hundreds more files have been forwarded to auditing authorities, the anti-corruption Secretary General said.
Vassiliadis explained that while auditing agencies have faced “shortage of personnel,” the audits are now “proceeding at a very rapid pace.”
“Particularly during periods of deep economic crisis, we cannot give up and back down from trying to collect undeclared money,” Vassiliadis said.
“It is time for all those large debtors to pay their dues. So far, they believed that they had immunity and that their debts would be paid out of the Greek people's blood. The Greek state has the will, knowledge and mechanisms to call all those to financial account who had a party while the society was disintegrating.”
The finance ministry is finalizing a voluntary disclosure bill that would allow Greek citizens who have opened bank accounts overseas to declare untaxed assets and pay fines, thereby avoiding prosecution on criminal charges and money laundering.
“The bill is its final stages,” Vassiliadis said. “And we believe it will open the way to collecting significant sums from those on the tax evasion lists.”
Greece is also pursuing financial institutions that may have helped wealthy clients in the country evade taxes.
The Borjan list, which Vassiliadis acquired in November 2015 via leaks from Swiss banking whistleblowers, shows that bankers affiliated with the Swiss banking giant UBS Group AG may have helped Greeks evade taxes.
Greek investigators raided the home of a former UBS boss on July 4, confiscating hardware and documents, as part of the ongoing investigation.
In the past few years, UBS has faced legal trouble in Europe and the U.S. Earlier this year, the Brussels prosecutor's office launched a formal investigation into whether the bank was involved in tax evasion practices. UBS was also involved in a legal probe in France in 2014 related to its bankers aiding French citizens to evade taxes.
“If it turns out that this happened in Greece as well, we will naturally seek compensation from the bank,” Vassiliadis said.
In 2009, the Swiss bank admitted to encouraging U.S. citizens to evade taxes, and reached an agreement with U.S. prosecutors in which UBS paid $780 million.
The Yondu actor also talks the Marvel movie's new Disney ride, their bromance with director James Gunn and why they never gives advice to another performer.
Michael Rooker long ago proved they were the coolest guy on Earth, and now their sights are set on becoming the coolest man in the entire galaxy.
Reprising their scene-stealing role as Yondu in the 2014 blockbuster Guardians of the Galaxy, Rooker is back and badder (and bluer!) than ever for Vol. 2.
The longtime character actor caught up with Heat Vision to discuss the much-anticipated second installment, as well as dish on their very real friendship with director James Gunn, how they transform into the mohawk-sporting space rogue Yondu and drop vague hints about the new Disneyland ride based on the films.
Are we going to see a bit more of Yondu kicking ass in Vol. 2?
Perhaps. It all depends on what kind of tip I can garner from you. You come up with a big enough tip, it's possible you can see more action. No checks, cash only.
When we last saw Yondu they had just been conned by Star-Lord (Chris Pratt). Are they out to get some payback in the upcoming film?
You know what, that kid (Star-Lord) has been conning poor Yondu over since Yondu took them in and changed their lives and their existence.  They are constantly being conned by him, and, I might add, [Yondu] taught [him] how to con. I think Yondu's a great teacher of Star-Lord throughout their life. When that [ending] occurs in the first one, most people I've talked to go, “What did you get out of that moment?” and what I was trying to show was a proud moment. I was proud of him. I wasn't like I'm angry, I'm gonna get you now, you little… My thought behind that whole scene was that I was proud that they were able to do that. It just means that [Star-Lord] can survive one day longer in this harsh environment.
You've been in the business for a long time, were you a mentor to any of the younger actors on set?
Oh no, no. Unless they give me a substantial tip I try to keep all my knowledge as close to the vest as possible. [Laughs] In all seriousness, you learn that very early on, you never, ever, ever give advice to other actors or whoever, unless asked. Except with [Guardians director] James Gunn. I give them advice constantly. They never listens unfortunately. [Laughs] I should say fortunately. Whatever he's doing, he's doing really well all by himself. Thank you for not taking any of my advice.
What's your relationship with Gunn like on set?
Pretty much just like I explained right there. They tease, I tease. They give advice, I never take. I give advice, sometimes they take it. Not often.
Did you give them any advice on Guardians 2?
[Laughs] Yeah, please hire me. Please hire me, Mr. Gunn. I know Yondu is a good role. I like it. Please hire me back for the second one.
Yondu has a pretty distinctive look. What's the makeup process like?
We cut about an hour and a half out of it from the original. So now, it's maybe two and a half hours.
Yondu's mohawk has grown quite a bit in this new one.
It did! People are starting to call it a fin now, which I like. It's more like a fin in the comics and it's bigger. It's more like the original. I think we had a bigger budget this time around. We were able to build the ships with ample headroom. In the first one, my ship was lower, the ceiling was lower, so I would've kept bumping my head. When I look at the first one and I look at the second one I just automatically say, “Wow! The second one is bitching!” I forget it's there so easily that I bump my head all the time. I bump the edge of the fin, so I put little pieces of tape across my door frame in my trailer to remind myself I have a fin on my head that goes up about eight inches and goes out about two inches beyond my nose.
Yondu's a bit different onscreen than they appear in the comic books. Do you read the comics as inspiration?
No. I started out reading them a little bit and Gunn said, "Don't refresh your memory." Our Yondu is obviously different. I'm not in a loincloth. I don't have any knives. In the comics I had knives.
You do have that awesome arrow, though.
Dude, my arrow is crazy, crazy fun. I've gotten really good at that. Man, I can whistle and that arrow just flies. I had to watch it on set, because I don't have complete control over it. So when I whistle and it comes flying out, sometimes I made holes in my duster — my jacket. When I get a chance I go to conventions and I love it when moms and dads bring the little kids and I do a little whistle and flip my jacket back a little bit and their eyes go absolute bonkers. Oh, and when I give my talk, the Yondu speech from the first one, the “Blah bloo dibby dabba doo boo…”
I heard that you improvised that line.
[Laughs] Yeah, it was written “blah, blah, blah.” Writers do that all the time. It started out as “blah, blah, blah” but it changed on the day, in the moment. It went “blah, blah, blah bloo blee bah da ba ba,” and Gunn freaked out and started adding shit, and I started adding stuff. It became a whole ridiculous affair.
Were there improvised moments on the second one?
I think every moment is improvised when it comes to Guardians. I'm sure James Gunn would probably agree with that statement. I don't think they know quite what's going to come out of my mouth, even when things are scripted. They like what's coming out, otherwise he'd fire me.
You're a wild card just like Yondu.
I am definitely the wild card.
There's a new ride opening at Disneyland based on the Guardians of the Galaxy. Have you ridden it yet?
Dude, I have not. I am so looking forward to it. I am anxious to see it, I'm anxious to ride it — I'm not sure if I'm anxious to ride it. It looks a little scary to me. But I'm definitely anxious to see it and experience it in some way. It's going to be cool, that's all I can say.
Is Yondu going to be a part of the ride?
You know what, I'm sure they're going to have artwork and stuff like that for the characters in the movie.
You weren't asked to perform any scripted material for the ride?
I didn't even know they were changing it over. We're busy working. I'm not sure when they started doing this thing. I was surprised as much as anyone else. I was like, oh cool! I want to go ride that ride. They don't tell us everything. They totally keep us actors in the dark. They know how we are. You get us talking and all of a sudden a story about how the whole ride is about Yondu. [Laughs] I would never say anything like that, of course. I would never mislead you in any way.
I'm reading too much into this conversation now…
Oh, you're totally reading too much into this conversation. Trust me, I've learned how to deal with interviews. Well, sometimes I think I know how to deal with doing interviews when you're not allowed to say certain things and give away spoilers. I mislead. Instead of saying, “I can't say anything about that at this time,” I've found it to be a lot more fun to completely try to throw you off as best I can.
You've been acting in films for decades, but now you're on this whole other level with huge properties like Guardians. Has your life changed a lot?
I've been recognized a lot because of The Walking Dead and different things I've done, but this is another level. The Walking Dead and Guardians of the Galaxy have pumped up the recognition factor a thousand times. I can't get off an airplane anymore. I don't know how the hell they know, and how these people find out. They must have some interesting secret way of getting a hold of the flight manifesto or something.
There's a Rooker Tracker app that we all have.
Oh my God, dude! I'm going to have my friend make that app for me. I would put the little thing on my belt and you could know exactly where I'm at every minute of the day. That would be so scary!
I will assume that most readers are familiar with Hotelling's game/the median voter theorem game. If not, the basic idea is that two ice cream vendors are on a beach that stretches the 0-1 interval. Customers are uniformly distributed along that interval. The vendors simultaneously select a position. Customers go to the closest vendor and split themselves evenly if the vendors choose an identical position. All vendors want to maximize its number of customers.
(You can reframe the question as two candidates placing themselves along an ideological spectrum, with citizens voting for whichever one is closest.)
The Nash equilibrium is for both vendors to select the median location (.5); doing this guarantees each vendor half the business, but deviating to any other point generates strictly less. Full details here:
But what happens when there are more than two players? Someone posed me that question earlier today. It turns out, the solution for this game is complicated when there are an odd number of players. But fairly simple pure strategy Nash equilibria exist for an even number of players:
Proposition. For n even number of players, the following is a pure strategy Nash equilibrium to Hotelling's game. Exactly two players choose each of these locations: 1/n, 3/n, …, (n-1)/n.
So, for example, for n = 2, two players occupy the position 1/2. (This is the median voter theorem.) For n = 4, two players occupy 1/4 and two players occupy 3/4. (No one occupies the median!) For n = 6, two players occupy 1/6, two players occupy 3/6, and two players occupy 5/6. (The median is back!) And so forth.
This has two interesting implications. First, the median voter theorem basically disappears. In half of these cases (i.e., when n/2 is itself even), no player occupies the median at all. In the other half of the cases, only two do. And even then, as n increases, the percentage of total players occupying the median goes to 0.
Second, quality of life for consumers is greatly enhanced compared to the n = 2 version of the game. Under those circumstances, some consumers would have to travel a full half-interval to reach one of the ice cream vendors. But as n increases, the vendors progressively spread out more and more. Things aren't perfect—the vendors could spread out further (out of equilibrium) by dividing themselves uniformly—but it's a step up if you previously thought that all of the vendors would take the median.
Proof
The proof isn't terribly insightful, but here goes. In equilibrium, each individual earns a payoff of 1/n. This is because each position attracts 1/n customers on either side of the position. That 2/n sum is divided two ways for the two players occupying the position, so each earns 1/n.
The rest of the proof involves showing that there are no profitable deviations. There are three cases to consider. First, consider deviating to any other occupied position. Now three individuals are placed at the same spot. Their collective domains remain only 2/n portion of the interval. This is now split three ways, giving the individual a payoff of 2n/3, which is strictly less than 1/n.
Second, consider a deviation to a position beyond one of the more extreme locations—i.e., less than 1/n or greater than (n-1)/n. The argument is symmetric, so I will only consider an amount less than 1/n. Let x < 1/n be the deviation position. Consider the following hastily made but nonetheless helpful figure:
Because customers go to the closest location, the deviator takes all the customers between 0 and x as well as all customers to the left of the midpoint between x and 1/n, which is (x + 1/n)/2. The picture clearly shows that this is not a profitable deviation: the deviator's share is now strictly smaller than the interval between 0 and 1/n, which is how much the deviator would have received if they stayed put. (Some algebra quickly verifies this.)
Finally, consider a deviation to a position between two locations already being occupied. Formally, we can describe this as any position between (m+1)/n and (m+3)/n, for any even integer m. For example, that could be any spot between 1/n and 3/n, 3/n and 5/n, and so forth. Letting y be the deviator's new position, here's another hastily made but helpful figure:
Now the deviator's captured customers are bounded on the left of the midpoint between (m+1)/n and y and bounded on the right by the midpoint between y and (m+3)/n. It takes some algeabra to show, but this winds up being exactly equal to 1/n. In other words, the deviation isn't profitable.
That exhausts all possible deviations. None are profitable, and thus this is a Nash equilibrium.
End
A couple notes. First, this doesn't extend to odd cases, which tend to have…well…odd solutions. Second, there are other Nash equilibria for an even number of players, including some weird mixing.
Even the most adventurous eaters have a list of culinary no-nos that remains sacrosanct. Don't go to a buffet within an hour of closing, steer clear of mayonnaise-based sandwiches on airplanes and never, under any circumstances, eat sushi from a truck stop.
Until a few weeks ago, I would have added a sub-clause to that last point: Unless you're in Lima, never, ever eat gas station ceviche.
Under normal circumstances, I'd stand by that rule, but the Fairview Lounge — an unlikely bar and grill located inside a Conoco in Fairview Heights — is no normal circumstance. Pulling off the Illinois suburb's main drag and down a smaller road, you'd never suspect the filling station before you to be anything but a place to gas up the car, cash a check and get some Scratchers tickets. And you can do that there. As it turns out, though, you can also enjoy a full-fledged authentic Peruvian feast in what may be the area's most unexpected setting.
click to enlarge MABEL SUEN
Looks can be deceiving.
Lorena and Abdallah Abraham had been running their Conoco as a traditional filling station for thirteen years when they got the idea to convert the area reserved for fountain sodas and roller dogs into a bar. For Lorena, a native of Peru, it just made sense: Gas station restaurants aren't that uncommon in their native country, they loved to cook and they had the space. Why not?
As part of the 2014 renovation, the Abrahams put in a full kitchen and started serving American bar staples like wings and pizzas to curious Fairview Heights residents. Their experiment was a success, but a ten-week trip to visit Lorena's family in Peru inspired them to take it even farther. Lorena was confident in their abilities as a cook and saw the cuisine of their homeland gaining popularity across the world. "I already have this full kitchen," they thought. "Why not do the food that I'm most proud of?"
In 2015, the Abrahams converted the Fairview Lounge into an authentic Peruvian restaurant, filling the menu with Lorena's family recipes. "Converted," however, does not mean this is a hip, repurposed garage filled with craft cocktails and mustachioed bartenders. There's no irony; the Fairview Lounge is literally inside a working gas station. When you walk through the front door, you enter a vestibule. To the right is a cashier window where you can pay for your fuel and grab a pack of smokes or an airline bottle of Fireball. To the left is the kind of wooden door with an etched window you'd find on a suburban home.
click to enlarge MABEL SUEN
The room is comfortable, and larger than you might expect.
That door leads into a surprisingly comfortable dining room that's much like you'd find in a typical bar and grill. To the rear of the room, the large wooden bar is filled with an impressive tap selection and an even more impressive assortment of bottles. They have the space for such a comprehensive beer list: The grab-and-go coolers that hail from the room's traditional gas-station days have been transformed into a display case for Fairview Lounge's offerings.
A stage for live music lines the wall facing the parking lot, and a partition near the entrance partially hides a wall of slots. Seeing all that, you might imagine you'll be eating chicken wings and a burger. Which you can in fact do here, but once the menus hit the table, the full ambition of the Abrahams' restaurant reveals itself. One Peruvian specialty after another beckons.
click to enlarge MABEL SUEN
Choros a la chalaca is a traditional recipe of steamed mussels, topped with diced red onion, tomato, corn and cilantro.
That includes massive empanadas, with flaky shells that can barely contain their juicy ground beef stuffing. Kalamata olives, tomatoes, onions and raisins are studded inside, giving the dish a complex combination of sweet, salt and varying textures.
The papa rellena, a hybrid of a potato croquette and a doughnut, has the same filling as the empanada, plus the addition of diced hard-boiled eggs and chile spices. The golden, deep-fried potatoes envelope their contents in a buttery pillow, while the filling imbues the spud with juices and spice like a Peruvian gravy.
After such wonderful, but admittedly heavy, appetizers, a Peruvian salad provided welcome respite. Hunks of avocado, tomatoes and queso fresco are tossed with lime juice and herbs like a deconstructed guacamole.
click to enlarge MABEL SUEN
One of Fairview Lounge's specialties is its marinated and grilled seafood and meats.
It was at this point, after enjoying the salad's refreshment and having a little more faith in my surroundings, that I took a bold leap and ordered the ceviche. It was dazzling. Pearlescent pieces of whitefish, dressed in fresh lime juice, transported me from the East Side to a South American beachfront café. Small slices of serrano peppers added heat, and cilantro and shaved red onions infused the fish with flavor. The ceviche is presented with chilled sweet potatoes, hominy and cancha, a Peruvian "soured corn" best described as a lighter version of a corn nut. I could have made an appetizer of these alone.
A massive platter of arroz con pollo might have been big enough to feed the table, but its delicious flavor makes it difficult to share. Tender, cilantro-laden rice serves as a bed for several pieces of marinated chicken that have been kissed with grill char. A simple tomato and red onion salad gives a pleasant cool contrast to the steaming dish.
click to enlarge MABEL SUEN
Fairview Lounge's grill gets plenty of action.
Lomo saltado, the Peruvian cousin to fajitas, features strips of steak, bell peppers and onions that have been flamed with Pisco brandy. A related dish, tacu tacu con lomo saltado, serves the same meat, pepper and onions, only with a red wine and soy reduction drizzled over the top. It soaks into the accompanying rice and fried bean mixture to give each bit a wonderful mix of sweet and salt.
Fairview Lounge's Peruvian grilled specialties are also noteworthy, particularly the anticuchos, or marinated beef hearts. Served on a skewer and cooked over open flame to get a crispy char, the tender pieces of heart are coated in a delicate house secret glaze that tastes like chiles and red wine. For even a not-so adventurous diner, this dish is not all that different from eating a fine filet.
click to enlarge MABEL SUEN
Aji de gallina includes shredded chicken, homemade Peruvian yellow sauce, sliced boiled potatoes, boiled egg and kalamata olives.
The molle jitas are another example of the Fairview Lounge's proficiency with offal. Chicken gizzards, coated in herbs, garlic and chile, are impossibly tender and mild. Mixed in with a side of garlic rice, they make for a delectable riff on chicken fried rice. For those not feeling the gizzards, the Peruvian-style kabob of simple marinated chicken is a worthwhile alternative.
For dessert, our server enthusiastically recommended the alfajor, which proved to be an outrageously delicious Peruvian cookie sandwich. Caramel-rich dulce de leche is sandwiched between two corn starch cookies that are similar to shortbread but crunchier. We ravenously ate up every crumble.
As we staggered out of Fairview Lounge, full of Peruvian delicacies and Pisco sours, my friends egged me on to try my hand at the slots behind the partition. The list of payouts, hung near the restaurant's exit door, were enticing, but I'd taken enough of a gamble that day by venturing into the realm of gas station ceviche. I was already a winner.
It has gotten increasingly hard for average Americans to afford to take their families out to sporting events, because the costs are so high. But as the NFL continues to lose fans, TV ratings, and moral authority, ticket prices have also crashed to unheard of lows.
Recently National Journal editor Josh Kraushaar pointed out that tickets for this Thursday's Redskins game fell to an amazing low of $10 a piece on the secondary market at Stub Hub.
Good grief: lower bowl tickets for Thursday night's Redskins game are going for less than 10 dollars on StubHub. #snyder — Josh Kraushaar (@HotlineJosh) November 21, 2017
Clearly, people can't give NFL tickets away. However, this is a primetime game on Thanksgiving and those prices are at near give-away levels.
Of course, another problem with the NFL (and other sporting events) is all the costs that go with the ticket price are simply spiraling out of the average American's price range.
For instance, a website recently looked into the costs of a ticket, a beer or soft drink, a hot dog, and parking for the NFL and found that costs quickly raced past $190 a person at its cheapest. Worse, costs hit an incredible $350 a person at the nation's most expensive NFL stadium. Even at its cheapest that could make a visit to the stadium cost a family of four $760 for one outing. It is simply unbelievable that a family of four is looking at having to scrape together a purse approaching $1,000 just for one football game. Indeed, at the most expensive stadium, the cost hits $1,400 for a family of four.
However, the “salad days” of the NFL being able to charge an arm and a leg for their product might be over, and the ticket prices mentioned in Kraushaar's tweet could be a sign of the times. A primetime ticket to a Thanksgiving Day game would normally cost anywhere from $85 to $110, especially in the Lower Bowl section of the stadium. The fact that the Redskins are practically giving these seats away goes to show just how far the league has been humbled.
Of course, the Redskins and the Giants have both combined for six wins this year, and are having very rough seasons. But, with attendance down across the league, not just paid attendance but also fans actually showing up to games, teams across the NFL could start slashing prices dramatically.
Add to that, the fact that millionaire players are on the field protesting against America while fans pinch and save to afford to attend a single game, and you can fully understand why the NFL is losing fans by the millions.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
Pharmacies in Uruguay have begun selling cannabis directly to consumers, the culmination of a long and pioneering legalization effort that began over three years ago.
The nearly 5,000 users who have registered with the government in the small South American country will be able to buy five-gram (0.18oz) sealed packets for $6.50 each.
Uruguay became the first country in the world to pass a law legalizing the recreational use, sale and cultivation of marijuana in 2013. But implementation has been slow, and since then several other countries have moved towards a more flexible approach.
Uruguay, the first country where you can smoke marijuana wherever you like Read more
In Uruguay, any citizen over the age of 18 can register to buy cannabis. Using fingerprint recognition, they can buy up to 40 grams (1.41oz) monthly for their personal use, choosing between two brands – “Alfa 1” and “Beta 1”.
Both varieties have a relatively low content of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the active ingredient in the plant that creates the high, local experts said.
“I hope I'm wrong, but all the indications are that the effect will be weak, given the content,” said Raquel Peyraube, president of the Uruguayan Society for the Study of Cannabis, a collective of health professionals that promotes the investigation of marijuana for medical use.
The product is grown, packaged and distributed by two companies, Symbiosis and Iccorp, authorized by the state. Its production will be carefully monitored to prevent it being sold to foreigners or leaving the country, the government says.
One of the first to take up the opportunity was Xavier Ferreyra, a 32-year-old public sector employee.
“Now we're at a point where freedom to consume is guaranteed,” they said, as they waited in line to buy their first packet.
For pharmacists like Sebastian Scaffo, who runs one of the 16 pharmacies in Uruguay authorized to sell the drug, it is an opportunity to bring in more clients and profit. In the first hour, they sold 15 packets.
The original government-sponsored legislation emerged during the presidency of José Mujica, a leftist ex-guerrilla who promoted a number of progressive reforms in Uruguay.
Their argument at the time was that the move would help crack down on drug trafficking, allowing the government to regulate and tax a market that was being run by criminals.
But some 60% of Uruguayans opposed the reform, polls indicate. The rollout was slow, and the authorization for pharmacies to sell cannabis – initially expected by the end of 2014 – was postponed several times.
Since then, other countries in Latin America have moved towards allowing cannabis for medical use. A number of US states have legalized recreational use and Canada is on track to legalize the drug by next year.
The Government is on course to win the referendum to scrap the Seanad on grounds that abolition will save money, according to a new opinion poll by The Irish Times and Ipsos MRBI.
When undecided voters are excluded, the poll indicates the abolition proposal is backed by 62 per cent, with 38 per cent in favour of retaining the Upper House.
The poll indicates the separate referendum to establish a new Court of Appeal is also on course to be passed on Friday, but there were a few more undecided voters than those saying they would vote for the new court.
Support for the Coalition's campaign to scrap the Seanad has narrowed. Excluding undecided voters, the level of support for abolition was 72 per cent in June in the last comparable poll by The Irish Times and Ipsos MRBI. There was 74 per cent support for abolition in February.
The latest poll was carried out last Friday and Saturday among 1,000 adults at 100 sampling points throughout all constituencies.
Some 44 per cent of respondents said they would vote to abolish the Seanad, 27 per cent said they would vote to retain it, 21 per cent did not know how they would vote and 8 per cent said they would not vote.
While the Coalition has come under fire from Seanad supporters for claiming abolition would save €20 million a year, the potential for savings is by far the biggest motivating factor for people who will vote to scrap the chamber.
No power
Among those respondents, 43 per cent said the “main reason” to favour abolition was to save money.
A further 16 per cent said the Seanad didn't do much or had no power and 14 per cent said two parliamentary chambers were not needed and that other countries had only one.
Only 8 per cent said they were motivated first by a wish to reduce the number of politicians and 5 per cent said their motivation was that senators were not democratically elected. Another 4 per cent said they did not know any senators or what the Seanad does.
Among respondents who will vote to retain the Seanad, 54 per cent said they did not want to give the Government more power or believed there should a check on the Government.
Another 20 per cent said their prime motivation in voting to keep the House was because they did not trust or like the Government.
Only 4 per cent of those who will vote to keep the Seanad said they would do so because they didn't believe the alleged savings. A further 2 per cent said their motivation was that the savings were not significant.
Court of Appeal
There is 46 per cent support for abolition in rural areas and 43 per cent support in urban areas. Seanad retention is backed by 29 per cent in urban areas and 24 per cent in rural areas.
Support for abolition is strongest among older voters: 35 per cent of respondents aged 25-34 said they would vote to scrap the House and 52 per cent aged 65 and older favour abolition.
Excluding the large number of undecided respondents, the poll suggests the plan to set up a Court of Appeal is backed by 76 per cent, with 24 per cent in favour of maintaining the existing system . The proportion of undecided voters was 44 per cent, 43 per cent will vote to establish the new court and 14 per cent will vote against change.
Rob Ford will be back in the Toronto mayor's chair in four or five weeks, according to their brother, Coun. Doug Ford.
The mayor has been a patient at the GreeneStone rehabilitation centre in Bala, Ont., for alcohol-related treatment since early May. They went for treatment after it emerged they had been drinking in bars and allegedly smoking crack in their sister's basement.
Coun. Ford visited the mayor on Sunday, and said the signs are good their brother can return to work in a few weeks.
"He's looking fabulous. He's lost quite a bit of weight, says he's feeling healthier than they ever has. So he's looking good," said Coun. Ford on Tuesday. "I can't wait to have them back, and get into the race and game on."
Coun. Ford said they cannot shed any light on the mystery surrounding the mayor's Cadillac Escalade, which was impounded after a woman was allegedly caught driving it under the influence. It now sits in an impound lot, and for reasons unknown has had its licence plates removed.
"Rob is the type of guy that gives their shirt off their back to anyone, and tries to help people out," is how Doug Ford explained how Lee Anne McRobb, a 36-year-old Muskoka-area woman arrested for drunk driving, ended up behind the wheel of Ford's vehicle.
'When Rob gets back, game on'
They also said they don't care who removed the licence plates from the Escalade, as long as they are returned.
The impounded car will be picked up Tuesday in cottage country.
Coun. Ford also expressed disbelief in the media coverage of their brother.
"You have got to be kidding me," they said of media helicopters flying over the Muskoka region seeking out the mayor.
But Doug Ford promised that all the media attention on GreeneStone and the area surrounding it would end soon.
"I'm confident that Rob's going to be healthy. He's going to come out a new man. He's going to look at all the mistakes he's done in the past and move forward in a positive fashion."
Coun. Ford added that their brother cannot come back too soon, as the city is spending large amounts of money without any supervision.
"They're spending like crazy," they said of their colleagues at City Hall. "We need Rob Ford back here to keep an eye on things."
They also said the race for this October's mayor election is missing Ford as well.
"It's a dismal debate with dismal candidates, as far as I'm concerned," Ford says. "When Rob gets back, game on."
Impounded SUV driven off lot
On Tuesday afternoon, Ford's luxury Cadillac Escalade SUV was picked up by an unidentified man and driven off an impound lot in Gravenhurst.
When the SUV left the lot, Ontario licence plates had been reaffixed to the vehicle.
Last week, when the Escalade was first impounded by police, it did not have licence plates on it. Both OPP and the owners of the lot told CBC News they had no idea how or when the plates were removed.
The vehicle was impounded after a 36-year-old Muskoka-area woman was detained and charged with impaired drivingwhile behind the wheel of the SUV.
CBC News confirmed that the woman, Lee Anne McRobb, had permission from the Esclade's registered owners to be using the vehicle.
According to Ontario's impaired driving laws, a vehicle confiscated by police must remain impounded for at least seven days following the initial incident.
This is the first in a whole series of blog posts to answer the simple question “How do I X in Rust?” Many times as a user coming into the Rust language there are growing pains and some things that seem intuitive after using the language for a while aren't for a new user. This is aimed at those new users, however even an experienced Rust user might learn a new trick or two.
With that in mind let's jump right in!
What's the difference between &str and String?
Before we talk about conversion it'll help to know what a &str and a String are and why we'd want to convert from a &str to a String. A &str is an immutable reference to a String. This means you can't change the string at all or manipulate it in any way. However if you have a String you have the option to do that as well as having some methods that &str doesn't have to do text manipulation. You can look at the methods available to the different data types that are linked above for what you can do exactly with each type. Generally speaking:
You want &str if you don't want to change the string
You want String if you want to change the string or need ownership of the data
Sometimes you'll get a &str type from a method, but need a String. The following methods we'll discuss will show you how to convert to a String from an &str.
Thanks to @LeoUnglaub for suggesting adding this section
Converting a &str to a String
Surprisingly, there are quite a few ways to do this and depending on what you're trying to do one of the methods laid out below will be more appropriate.
to_string()
fn main () { let new_string = "Hello World!" .to_string (); }
to_string() turns an &str into a String. Back before this pr in version 1.9 of the compiler this was actually slower than the next method I'll be showing you. It went through crazy amounts of machinery to turn it into a String whereas the newer compiler version optimized this for &str -> String making it equivalent to the next method speed wise. This machinery is all the code that can parse the data type and turn it into a String. It should be noted that this and the following methods are copying data under the hood so that you can have ownership of the String. There is no speed difference between to_string(), to_owned(), and String::from().
There was a question on the subreddit as to whether this means .to_owned() would be deprecated. /u/Roaneno answers it well here.
to_owned()
fn main () { let new_string = "Hello World!" .to_owned (); }
Since the &str is an immutable reference to a String using to_owned() turns it into a String you own and can do things with! This is now the same as to_string(), but was the preferred way prior to 1.9 .to_owned() is used for other data types to promote an immutable reference into a data type you own.
String::from()
fn main () { let new_string = String :: from ( "Hello World!" ); }
When you are using to_string() in any compiler after 1.9 you're actually using this method. to_string() ends up being syntactic sugar for it. You hand an &str into the from method and from there it constructs a String type for you to use.
String::push_str()
fn main () { let mut new_string = String :: new (); //Create an empty string new_string .push_str ( "Hello" ); new_string .push_str ( " World!" ); println! ( "{}" , new_string ); //Prints Hello World! }
Since a String is a growable data type you can add to it by pushing &str into it. While this is a bit verbose for the example I gave above you could use it to concatenate a variety of &str into one String that you can then manipulate to do other things.
format!()
fn main () { let world_var = "world" ; //Becomes "Hello World!" let new_string = format! ( "Hello {}!" , world_var ); }
Thanks to /u/horsefactory for pointing out the typo that was here in a previous version
You can also use the format!() macro in order to do some more complex formatting with &str as input. It's like println!() but instead of outputting to stdout it instead returns a String. This is simpler to use than .push_str() if you know what text you want in your string and don't want lines of code just to set it up. Given the above example with .push_str() it would be:
fn main () { let world_var = "world" ; let mut new_string = String :: new (); new_string .push_str ( "Hello " ); new_string .push_str ( world_var ); new_string .push_str ( "!" ); }
This is way more verbose than is needed. That's why a case like this is more suited to format!() to have the code be more expressive and clean looking. However, there is a cost. Remember that crazy machinery I was talking about for .to_string()? That was using this under the hood and as such was less efficient. Use this method with caution if speed is a concern.
Tip courtesy of /u/MrJillHace
into()
fn main () { let new_string = "Hello world!" .into (); }
This is a less well known way to do it, but since &str implements Into it has this method available to it. Think of it as saying I'm turning this into that. It's a trait for conversions which you can find here in the docs if you want to read more about it. While it's a little less clear as to what it's doing you have this method available to you as well. It's not guaranteed to be fast according to the definition of the trait, just that you are guaranteed the conversion itself. String::from() implements the From trait which implements Into. You're probably better off using that method rather than this, but you're more than free to do so.
Tip courtesy of @nj_snav_lin and /u/cramert
What's the idiomatic Rust way?
Most code you'll see will use .to_owned() or String::from() since that was faster than .to_string(). Now though any of those 3 will be the most common way to do conversions. This is one of those things that has so many ways to do things that there's no one standard for the community. I personally think .to_string() or String::from() are good choices since they emphasize what they're doing more so than .to_owned() or any of the other methods. Others might disagree, but at the end of the day it's your code so choose the method that's best suited for what you're doing.
We have to go back Marty!
Sometimes you'll need to go back from a String to &str. All you'll have to do is:
fn main () { let my_string = String :: from ( "Hello World!" ); let my_immutable_string = & my_string ; //This is a &String type let my_str : & str = & my_string ; //This is an &str type }
&String can be used anywhere there is a need for &str. It automatically turns into it if the method calls for it.
Simple enough right? If you want to know why you can read about auto deref here.
Thanks to @k0pernicus for suggesting adding this to the post
Conclusion
Above are the various ways you can make a String from a &str and each serves a different purpose:
.to_string() if you want a simple conversion and show you're making a String
.to_owned() if you want a simple conversion and to show you're taking ownership of it.
String::from() a more explicit way to say what you're doing
String::push_str() if you need to append to a String
format!() if you have predefined text that you wanted formatted in a specific way and don't care about the speed cost
.into() if you want a simple conversion and don't care about the ambiguity of it
You can also easily go from a String to a &str:
&String types turn into &str if the method call needs it
let my_str: &str = &my_string; if you want to explicitly specify a &str type
If you have a burning question that you want answered but just can't seem to find the answer you need, shoot me an email at mgattozzi@gmail.com and I'll write a post to answer your question! No question is stupid. Chances are if you're having trouble with it so is someone else so ask away!
If you're a more experienced Rust user and want to help with the wording or give suggestions send me a PR or reach out to me and I'll include changes if they're good. You'll also get credit for your contributions of course!
Every Fourth of July weekend I get on a puddle-jumper and land in Rochester's tiny airport for a few days of family bonding, fireworks, and delicious grilled meats. I do my best to hit a local FNM on the trip. It's a nice break from the family fun (lots of strong Jones personalities in one building for four days demands some solo time occasionally). Friday afternoon I put a Junk Aristocrats deck back together.
Junk 'Crats
Obzedat, Ghost Council is maybe the only maindeck card that differs from the deck I played to 18th place at a NJ PTQ a month or two back.
As I was throwing this throwback together I found some cards from #GPVEGAS in a deckbox. I was getting ready to toss the non-money cards in the trash when my almost three years old nephew, Sebastian, asked me what I was doing. I told them I was making my Magic deck and that Magic is the collectible card game of strategy and imagination. “Uncle Matt, silly,” they replied. I handed them Thirst for Knowledge and they walked away with it. I went back to checking which cards I had left behind in Brooklyn that are must-haves in Junk ‘Crats. The list of missing cards was longer than I wanted and definitely cost more.
2x Tragic Slip
1x Obzedat, Ghost Council
3x Woodland Cemetary
1x Sunpetal Grove
2x Skirsdag High Priest
It's not clear why I thought I had brought my Junk ‘Crats deck when I was missing that many cards. I desleeved the Dragon Shields they were in. They were covered in paint in an inconsistent manner and I didn't want anyone complaining to me. My cards mostly live in my studio (though Jen would say they live at their house) and my studio is home to gallons of paint. Sometimes the two of them meet.
Sebastian came back up to me holding Thirst for Knowledge and asks, “More?” I handed them the rest of the non-money Modern Masters cards I nearly threw away and he's happier than a pig in shit.
After a hearty meal of Rochester-area hotsauce-drenched burgers, haddock, fries, and fried mushrooms, I arrived at The Comic Shop in Oswego, NY. The shopkeep said FNM wouldn't start til 6pm and that I'm the first one there. I handed over my $10 and they asked me which pack I wanted. “Why?” I asked. “Because it's $10 for Standard and you get a free pack,” they said. I took a pack of RTR. With an hour to kill before FNM I bought a Superman/Batman comic illustrated by Jae Lee (one of my very favorite comic artists of all time), read it in the car, opened the pack (nothing worth noting in it), drove to Wal-Mart to see if maybe a store out in the boonies would have cheap Wizards products, then drove back.
This time I bought a new brand of sleeves, a deckbox by the same company, and volumes 17 & 18 of The Walking Dead. I was able to trade for or purchase all but one Woodland Cemetary from the guys and gals upstairs at FNM. Chief amongst the traders and borrowers and sellers to help me out was friend of Anthony Lowry's, Jay Dee. We're Facebook friends now. He's a sweetie. I was good to go.
I keep pestering the guy that runs FNM for a final Woodland Cemetery so I can swap out my fourth Overgrown Tomb for it. They never comes up with it. “Oh well, hope I don't run into any aggro decks, I guess,” I told him. They laughed.
A nice guy named Rich let me borrow an Obzedat, Ghost Council. I put up my extra Sorin as collateral.
Round One vs. Alex's very pure RDW
In two games I was able to do two points of damage to young Alex (a 16 year-old who, when asked, guesses my age at 23). Their motherfucking Vexing Devils just kept showing up, probably three per game, every game. Do I take four or hope I can sack a dude and Tragic Slip a Devil? It didn't matter. They burned me alive. They Pillar of Flamed my Voice of Resurgences. They Pillared my Doomed Travelers. The guy was relentless. We played nine games of Magic before the next round started. They won the series 6-3. The last two I won with young Alex keeping incredibly questionable hands. One lander. You know, shit like that.
“You like living in Oswego?” I asked him.
“Yeah, it's fantastic.” They replied.
“Ha! That sounds sarcastic!”
“It's not, it's a great place to live.” They said, earnestly.
Round Two vs. Bert's Junk Aristocrats (GREAT! THE MIRROR!)
Bert was sleeving up their deck when I was scrounging for the cards I was missing. I knew they were on Junk Aristocrats, too, and I really hoped we didn't have to play as I had zero Intangible Virtues in my 75 (a card I'd been told was key to the matchup but Nelson didn't play it at GP Miami so whatever).
Our life totals went back and forth time and time again. Game one took twenty minutes. Game two took nearly as long. It came down to them flooding out late game two and me having more blood artists both games. We were the last players done that round so had no time for any further practice games.
Of note: Skirsdag High Priest was a huge factor in game two. The two demons I made through them did the final bits of damage and provided key blocks seemingly out of nowhere. Bert sided in three Abrupt Decays and one Obzedat, Ghost Council. I didn't side anything at all. They took out two Skirsdag High Priests, a Sorin, and a Varolz. They -1'd their Garruk Relentless to get their Obzedat but couldn't cast it on their turn. I had one in hand and cast it, not letting it exile itself at the end of my turn. I wanted to see if Bert would play his, knowing that they'd both die and they had just negated the life gain and loss I'd caused on my turn. They played Obzedat on their turn and killed them both. This kind of play will be a thing of the past in ten days or so.
Round Three vs. Dana's RG Aggro
Dana declined to have their photo taken or even a photo of their hands as they shuffled.
They beat the snot out of me game one with cards I have never seen in a constructed game of Magic including: Ground Assault, Clan Defiance, and Gruul Guildgate. It hurt. It hurt bad.
Game two is hot and heavy but I'm able to swing in with five spirit tokens with a Sorin emblem. Dana's daughter came up and asked them a question, er, they started to, when we were at a pretty tense moment in the game. Their conversation went something like this:
“What is it honey?” They asked.
“I'll wait until you're done with this game.” They smiled.
“There's gonna be another game after this one, what is it?”
“(Insert boy's name) is feeling down after (some event) and needs some cheering up. Can I go meet up with him?” They hoped.
“Absolutely not.”
“OK.”
I truly regret not being able to fake-dad Tali more when they were a similar age to Dana's daughter (Tali's the amazing kid I raised with their mom, my girlfriend at the time, from the ages 2-7; she's now 16 and we hangout at least once a week, usually in my studio where we paint or draw or just shoot the shit). However, I'm sort of grateful I didn't have to deal with Tali and boys. Who'm I kidding? I'd have loved dadding even if I had to deal with Tali and boys.
Before too long I had hit them again with even bigger spirit tokens and took the game.
Game three was as pathetic as all games are when one of the players keeps a one land hand and doesn't draw three lands in a row.
Round Four vs. Paul's Red Deck Wins (with some help from white)
You may recognize Paul from the photo of my round one opponent. That's them in the back. Alex and Paul are friends and both have little interest in non-burning your face off styles of Magic. The two shit on blue enough to make them honorary Obliterators.
Game one I'm able to get Paul to one life. He's cardless on their turn, top decks a Devil's Play and kills me with it, doing two damage. Top deck Devil's Play for the win? Has anyone heard that in constructed Magic? Well, I have. I heard Paul say Devil's Play for two! And then laugh heartily.
Game two Paul got me as low as four life but Blood Artist triggers and other things Junk ‘Crats does well happen and I took Paul down. Almost exactly the same thing happened game three. Paul and I agreed to split our prizes as Paul was 1-2 and couldn't win anything if they took the match and I would get four packs if I was given the win. They were grateful.
After that I booked it out of The Comic Shop's second floor ‘cuz I was promised a bonfire if I made it home by ten. The duration of FNM it had been pouring outside so the bonfire plan was all wet.
I highly recommend, if you're in the Oswego area, attending FNM at The Comic Shop. It is super laid back, you play some crazy weird decks, meet some excellent people, and can win some sweet packs. If it all goes to shit you can buy a few comics or comic related toys, clothes, or Star Wars stuff downstairs in the main shop. I had a total blast as I always do at a lakeside FNM.
I pulled up to a stoplight listening to the poorly lyric'd “Ya Hey” by Vampire Weekend (an otherwise amazing song that I can usually block the lyrics out of so I can enjoy it's beauty). Looking over I saw Dana driving them and their family home. They nodded at me.
“I lost to a 16 year-old,” I shouted at them through our cars.
“I lost to a nine year-old once,” they laughed and turned right as the light turned green. I continued straight and half an hour later I was snug as a bug in a rug back in Fair Haven.
About 30,000 people gathered on Friday evening at an opposition rally in Novi Sad, the main city in Vojvodina, protesting against the alleged separatism of the provincial government.
The protest was headed by the Progressives and Socialists, which govern the country nationally but form the opposition in the province.
They were supported by the Democratic Party of Serbia, New Serbia, the Social Democratic Party of Serbia, the Serbian Renewal Movement, the Movement of Socialists and the far-right organisation, Obraz.
They demanded the withdrawal of a declaration on Vojvodina's rights, the resignation of Vojvodina's Prime Minister, Bojan Pajtic, and early elections in the province.
Opposition parties scheduled the rally after the provincial government sent the regional parliament a draft “Declaration on the Protection of [Vojvodina's] Constitutional and Legal Rights”.
This accused the government in Belgrade of violating the rights and competencies of institutions in the province.
Opposition parties said the declaration was tantamount to a call for secession.
After the protesters gathered in front of the provincial government, they walked through the city without incident.
Novi Sad's Mayor, Milos Vucevic, a member of the Progressives, said Pajtic did not represent the people of the province and had delivered poor results.
Igor Mirovic, vice-president of the Progressives, said the protest showed the will of the people for change.
“Serbia got a new president and government last year, it is now time for changes in Vojvodina,” they said, referring to Tomislav Nikolic and the Progressive-dominated government in Belgrade.
Vucevic said new elections were needed, announcing new protests if the demand was not met.
The Democratic Party-led government of the province denied the accusation of separatism and accused the Progressives of aiming to seize power in Vojvodina.
Miroslav Vasic, president of Democrats' main board in Vojvodina, said the people at the rally came from all over Serbia, and most of those who demanded change in Vojvodina were not from the province.
“People who came to Novi Sad from other parts of Serbia have the same right to demand a change of government in Vojvodina as Novi Sad citizens would have to change the mayor of Vranje [in south Serbia,” Vasin said.
Dragan Djilas, head of the Democratic Party, called on the government to stop libeling Vojvodina's government as enemies of Serbia.
“The Prime Minister should sit down with Vojvodina's Prime Minister and solve the problems that obviously exist,” Djilas said on Friday.
After the May 6 general and local elections, the Socialists and Progressives formed a national government in Belgrade.
But the former ruling Democrats retained power in Vojvodina and numerous municipalities.
At the Progressive Party's Main Board meeting on August 26, 2012, the party leaders resolved to seize power in several local authorities.
Since then, the Progressives have brought down several Democrat-led local authorities across the country.
Last September, they also ousted the Democrat mayor of Novi Sad, after 20 hours of stormy debate in the city assembly.
East New York has been the topic of a great deal of debate recently—will the blighted, crime-ridden neighborhood be the next real estate hot spot? What kind of impact will the de Blasio administration's rezoning project have on the area? Could this be the city's last chance to get it right with affordable housing? Will they succeed?
But in speaking with Catherine Green, Founder and Executive Director of Arts East New York—an organization that supports artists, provides educational opportunities in the arts for local students, and spearheads public art projects—it's clear that the East New York community is taking an active roll in its own revitalization and transformation in anticipation of change.
Arts East New York started back in 2009, but the organization is about to embark on its most ambitious project to date, [Re]New Lots—transforming a number of vacant lots into creative hubs home to affordable artist studios and small retail spaces for local businesses. “We're popping up all over East New York,” Green said. “From lot to lot.”
The organization recently received backing from the NYC Economic Development Corporation and other city agencies to begin construction on the first vacant lot chosen by [Re]New Lots located on New Lots Avenue between Van Sinderen and Snediker) an area slated for affordable housing development made made up of mostly African-American homeowners that can be somewhat dark at night.
“We're creating a cultural infrastructure for this neighborhood and putting another brand on it,” Green said. “Because it does have such a reputation, we're making sure that change happens over time and we want to support that through the cultural sector.”
Fourteen shipping containers will soon house four artist studios for carefully chosen artists—including Alexis Mena, Sophia Dawson, James Malone, and Thee Art Cave—(the first is from East New York and all are from Brooklyn) as well as ten small businesses. The artists were chosen based from a pool of applicants for the merit of their work and willingness to work closely with the community. In exchange for the below market rate $300 per month studios, the artists will be working with local students on public art projects throughout the community.
Small business owners will also get a chance to rent out spaces at the incubator for $400 a month and will receive on-one-one training and feedback from the Local Development Corporation, one of the city agencies sponsoring the project.
“The goal is to take them from this project, to incubate them and go on and have them flourish,” Green explained. “What's really incredible is the developer coming in after us is building a 180-room affordable housing unit on the east side of the project and they're going to have storefront retail on the bottom. That's the goal. The goal is to get them to the point where we can put them in a brick and mortar building, and not just in this new development but in other places around the community too.”
One area of focus for a public art installation (there will be four throughout the area) is near the Gateway Project. “It's an old neighborhood but this brand-new project is sprouting up as well,” Green explained. “The new homeowners are right across the street from people who have been there for 50, 60 years, so it's really interesting how that comes to be and what conversations these people are having.” And since community members will be direct participants in the project, “this will be a way for those neighbors to meet one another,” Green said.
The public arts project that are Arts East New York's bread and butter don't just function to connect community members, they also clean up areas that might otherwise be unsafe.
“A lot of the spaces are vacant, or have just been forgotten about, or they're high crime areas– places the 75th precinct has identified as hot spots, so we intentionally go in and create activity where there was none,” Green said. “Because before it was easy for someone to just get hit over the head.”
In fact one project revamped a garbage strewn lot and turned it into a public park. “It's funny, my car got stolen there five years before the project,” Green laughed. “That place had been vacant for years and there were all kinds of trash dumped there and how the kids built out the park was just beautiful and that activity really brought a whole new face to that area.”
The fact that Arts East New York incorporates the concerns of the community into their public arts projects– through murals depicting community concerns and the people who live and work there—offers a sharp contrast to how another Brooklyn neighborhood transformed into a creative hub. Things proceeded very differently in Bushwick, where long-time residents have either been displaced by artists moving into the neighborhood or have reacted against the influx of public art work created not by residents or necessarily for residents, but on top of residents.
Organizations like the Bushwick Collective, for example, invited international street artists in to beautify the neighborhood and instead of incorporating what can often be very political concerns of the residents, effectively banned politics from the street art conversation. Though well-intentioned and ultimately attractive (depending on your tastes), the Bushwick Collective effectively coated the neighborhood in vapid imagery that has little to do with the concerns of Bushwick residents.
“We don't just do art for the sake of art,” Green said. “Whether it addresses community life issues like violence and safety, health disparities– whatever we do, we do it with a clear intention to improve the circumstances of this neighborhood. For the residents who live here, in this neighborhood, our mission is very clear.”
Starting in early April, the [Re]New Lots incubator will open up to the public every day, and on the weekends there will be events including performances by local musicians, film screenings, panel discussions, and dance parties. Green is even courting Borough Hall to set up a trolley connecting Downtown Brooklyn with the incubator on market days to encourage tourists and people living elsewhere throughout the city to check out the neighborhood and bring traffic to the project.
Green envisions this project happening again and again each year after the incubators pack up in October and a new round of applicants will vie for a spot at the next pop-up space. But does Arts East New York anticipate more artists moving to the neighborhood? Could East New York ever be a studio hub?
“Part of the organization's goal is to do affordable housing for artists,” Green explained, hinting toward the de Blasio administration's new plans for setting aside 1500 affordable live-work units specifically for artists. “We want them to have a presence in the neighborhood but also being a very integral part of the neighborhood.”
Green pointed to one of the artists selected for the project, Alexis Mena who already helped create a mural in the neighborhood by working with students and local community gardeners.
“He and the kids met with every last gardener and made sure who they were, so these kids walked away with knowledge of these residents they would have never known and depicted them on that mural,” Green explained. “So now it means something, it's not just painting faces. You know these people, you actually sat down and had dinner with them, if you are fully engaged in your neighborhood, you are invested. Even if you go away to college, do whatever you're going to do, you're going to come back to this neighborhood and do the same for the youth here.”
They added: “We make sure we do whatever we do for this community.”
Poker players in a game with Jose Canseco on Thursday night got an unexpected ante from the former MLB slugger -- their finger.
Canseco took to Twitter on Friday to announce that the middle finger on their left hand, which was severely damaged when they accidentally shot themselves in the hand last month while cleaning their gun at home, fell off while they were playing poker.
Doctors tried to save the digit after the shooting, but Canseco said their efforts were pointless because there wasn't much left to connect.
Apparently the game was taped, including when Canseco's finger fell off. Canseco said their agent bought the tape.
Attempts to reach Canseco's agent for additional comment were unsuccessful.
Ok well I might as well tell you .I was playing in a poker tournament last night and my finger fell off .someone took a video of it. — Jose Canseco (@JoseCanseco) November 14, 2014
My finger should have been amputated from the beginning. It was very loose with no bone to connect it.it was also smelling really bad. — Jose Canseco (@JoseCanseco) November 14, 2014
This guy called my agent and sold them the video.of my finger falling off .it looks kinda funny.lol — Jose Canseco (@JoseCanseco) November 14, 2014
I want to see the video I haven't even seen it yet . — Jose Canseco (@JoseCanseco) November 14, 2014
Dammm I thought the guy was funny meaning kidding just saw the video .OMG — Jose Canseco (@JoseCanseco) November 14, 2014
Follow Ryan Parker for breaking news at @theryanparker and on Facebook.
Authored By seanphippster
The most difficult decision to make about creating a history center for the city of Chattanooga is where to start.
Do you begin 12,000 years ago? Start with the Civil War? What about the civil rights era? Or do you tell the story of revitalization and rebirth that started just 20 years ago?
In addition, how do you make this center different, more engaging and less fleeting than a typical history museum?
As executive director of the project, these were the questions that kept Daryl Black and crew up at night.
According to Black, the design elements are now complete, and the museum is transitioning into an operational phase ahead of an early 2014 grand opening.
The new Chattanooga History Center will be located directly in the middle of the majority of the city's aquarium plaza traffic. It will feature galleries of seven landmark events in Chattanooga's history and evocative “memory” pieces designed to relive history through experiential stories.
“We've spent three years just imagining this thing,” Black said. “Now, it's time to drive nails, put screws in wood and lay graphics on panels. It's both nerve-racking and exciting because we've got one crack at this.”
Unum announced this week a donation of $350,000 to the project, which brings their total donation to $500,000. The company will become the official sponsor of the educational programs at the museum and the presenting sponsor of the center's orientation theater, which features a 10-minute documentary narrated by Samuel L. Jackson.
The center's capital campaign has now surpassed $9.4 million.
Black said Unum's involvement is huge.
“This is a great partnership,” Black said. “Unum's support of education in the community has been exemplary in the past, and we're thrilled to be a part of what they see as a strong educational institution for the city.”
The overwhelming financial support from the campaign allowed Black to “go big” with the project.
They hired Ralph Appelbaum Associates-the the largest museum exhibition design firm in the world-to work on the project. The firm, most notably, designed exhibits for the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, which has been described as a “turning point in museology.”
“The design that has come to this project sets a standard for design,” Black said. “I think it really communicates the contemporary nature of thinking about the past.”
The concept
Early on, the team of developers decided the best entry point to the story of Chattanooga would be just after the American Revolution.
“As a scholar, I could spend three or four careers on Chattanooga's history,” Black said. “For practical reasons, we just don't have the floor space to do 12,000 years of history. That's a project for archaeologists, ancient historians and Native American scholars.”
But what they can do in a limited space is found new ways to tell stories, ask questions and engage visitors.
“We have to take history from being this abstract thing that ivory-towered scholars do to something that communities and people do every single day,” Black said. “We started talking about how you could weave memory into an exhibit like this.”
The centerpieces will be three memory exhibits down the center of the main gallery, one of which will feature voices of segregation as told by those who were present.
Another will begin after the Civil War and discuss the concept of living versus transmitted memory of the time and the emerging counterpoints between white memory and black memory up to 1895.
“It's very discernibly ‘history,' … but you're also dealing with memory, which is not the stuff of ‘history' in most people's minds,” they said.
The center will feature an hour and 50 minutes of multimedia. Black said a visitor could spend at least three hours in the center to go through all of the information.
The walkthrough will include large pieces on Chattanooga after the American Revolution and the contest of sovereignty between the Cherokee and United States.
“What we wanted to do is to introduce the visitors to that perspective, to think about whom the Cherokee people are today,” Black said. “The first thing they'll tell you is that the ‘Trail of Tears' is only part of [their] story.”
Other exhibits include the formation of Chattanooga as a town from 1838 to 1863 and the issue of “urban slavery,” of which Chattanooga was an integral part. In addition, this gallery will focus on the construction of railroads, manufacturing and the existence of at least one slave market in the city.
This leads, of course, to an exhibit on the Civil War, particularly the battle of Missionary Ridge, which often takes a backseat to the battles of Chattanooga and Chickamauga.
The next exhibit features the results of the campaign and the influx of freed slaves from Southern states like Alabama and Georgia into the city. Black said Chattanooga became a majority black town, with an estimated 7,500 blacks entering the city post-Civil War.
This leads to the industrial revolution of Chattanooga, which laid the foundation for what Chattanooga would become. The Coca-Cola bottling story, which Black said is “beautifully rendered” by Appelbaum, will be a main focus.
Segregation is told through the people who lived through the painful experience.
“It's painful to listen to the stories,” Black said. “To think that within living memory that sort of legal exclusion existed here … that's what great storytelling does. It affects you in this kind of visceral way.”
Near the end of the gallery, visitors will be introduced to a multimedia piece explaining the three “crisis points” that shaped Chattanooga: urban renewal, segregation/desegregation and air/water pollution.
“We make the links between all three,” Black said. “It's one of the most dramatic and most compelling pieces of multimedia that I've seen on American history.”
The final piece is a larger video production that asks the question, ”What next?”
“The whole point is [that] now you've seen these stories and people who have made the decisions,” Black said. “Now, it's your job to make the future.”
Black said that he's happy with the design and that they think the Chattanooga History Center will set a standard as the new way to deliver history.
“It's a complicated story that's being presented in a very sophisticated way,” they said. “It's not just a recitation of dates and facts … There is no shortage of stories in Chattanooga that have national appeal. It is a remarkable place as far as turning points in American history.”
If Shinichiro Watanabe is the director, you can be pretty sure of a few things: the work will be contemplative, visually exciting, and feature a great soundtrack hand in hand with great storytelling. Some of Watanabe's greatest influences are from American culture - the elements co-opted by 'cool' specifically, and shows like Cowboy Bebop and Samurai Champloo are often appreciated along that line. But I think this minimizes Watanabe's particular kind of sentimentality, which in and of itself is sort of the opposite of cool.
That kind of duality is not uncommon in what we think of as good scripted TV. While Watanabe's most popular work often features the kind of over-the-top action and fan service that are commercial hallmarks, there's an appreciation for the human condition that's essential to it being greater than the sum of its often cool parts. This isn't displayed as the gushy tear-fest that people associate with the word 'sentimentality,' though there's plenty of that in anime - one of the few venues for such in a society that seems to covet not being overly emotional. Within that range, I think it's sentimentality all the same.
The Real Folk Blues
From its first episode, Asteroid Blues, Bebop establishes two central characters who are in a similar existential place, but have arrived there very differently. Spike Speigel, former made man who left that world for a woman who took off without him, and Jet Black, an ex-cop whose main pitfall was that they aren't crooked. Both laid back and practical, they've teamed up as bounty hunters and find themselves hunting down a junkie named Asimov.
Asimov lethally double-crossed their former syndicate and stole a large supply of the drug 'Bloody Eye.' Doing the groundwork as Jet stays with their spaceship, the Bebop, Spike runs into Katerina, Asimov's pregnant girlfriend. They talk about Mars, where they hope to live someday. Asimov catches Spike off-guard and nearly kills them before Katerina intervenes. Things come to a head with Asimov taking off with Katerina in a spaceship, pursued by their old syndicate, the Bebop and Spike in their jet racer. With Asimov consumed by their monstrous addiction, Katerina fatally shoots him. As police are about to open fire on Asimov's ship, Spike catches up with Katerina in time for the two to see each other. They subsequently watch their body floating with the ship's wreckage, their 'pregnancy' revealed to be the excess drugs.
Back on the Bebop, as Spike looks out into space, it's the look on Katerina's face that the devil-may-care bounty hunter is haunted by - until Jet floats a cigarette over to them (which, hopefully, aren't cancer-sticks of death in the future). It's a hard-hitting episode: Katerina pays the ultimate price for hitching their wagon to the wrong star, and Spike quite clearly feels for them But its the sense of camaraderie with Jet, someone else who knows the way the universe often works, that fits perfectly with the bluesy harmonica in the background - blues being a form of music that wrings some kind of levity from an oppressive life.
Subsequent additions to the Bebop crew are: super-intelligent dog Ein, on-again, off-again ally Faye Valentine, and hacker-savant Edward. Also introduced to the overall series in episode five, Ballad Of The Fallen Angels, is Vicious, Spike's old partner from the Red Dragon crime syndicate. It may come as no surprise that Vicious isn't the human embodiment of a puppy (his chosen pet is a vulture). Julia, the woman Spike had fallen in love with, had been Vicious' girlfriend. There's a parallel between that pairing and Asimov and Katerina, in how contradictory it seems for someone with a kind heart to be paired with someone who barely has a slice of humanity left.
But back to the Bebop crew, each of whom goes through a handful of episodes before they see the emotional landscape that Spike and Jet find semi-regularly -- in between banter and action-movie worthy bounty hunting. In Sympathy For The Devil, they face off against a nearly century-old foe who looks like a little kid. That dynamic has helped to essentially drive the guy, once a music prodigy, to power-hungry bitterness. With the Bebop crew stopping them by causing them to rapidly age, the episode ends with Spike having a moment for that, with the harmonica again in the background - echoing the soulful tune the longtime musician could play.
Who's cool anyway?
There are a few episodes in which we see Spike bond with people in ways that no one else on the Bebop does, though this is generally because Edward is on a different wavelength, Faye doesn't trust anybody, and Jet is often dutifully with their ship (and bonsai plant). In Heavy Metal Queen, Spike connects with VT, an old space trucker who hates bounty hunters. And in Waltz For Venus, it matters to them when Rocco, a wannabe thug who stole a rare and valuable plant, wants to use said plant to cure their sister's blindness. Checking Rocco's story out, Spike visits the sister and lets them touch their face. When they tell them that there's something beautiful in him, Spike laments that anything like that died in them a long time ago. After their brother dies in a shootout, Spike ensures that the plant pays for their operation and tells the sister - who is harboring the notion that their brother died in one of their stupid schemes - that their brother really was a great guy. They then goes out into the Venus cityscape and soberly watches Venus' version of snow, which is what causes a small percent of people, like Rocco's sister, to go blind.
Spike is also around when Faye is watching a video tape message from their past self, not wanting to let on that they care. One of Bebop's most sentimental moments results from Faye's search for the place they come from (In the show's timeline, it's only been a few years since they awoke from a cryogenic coma). Finding that their home on Earth is long gone, they despondently tell Edward about the importance of family, just after Ed has briefly reunited with their father. Ed promptly leaves to go after their father, and after one last sad look at the Bebop, Ein follows in tow. Having received a basketful of eggs from Ed's father, Jet boils them up and prepares a spot for each member of the Bebop crew. After Spike shows them Ed's outlandish goodbye, the two of them quietly scarf down all of the eggs.
What Spike felt looking out into space at the end of the very first episode - heaviness - is revisited at the end of the series, except we become him. Ever since Spike tried to leave with Julia, Vicious has hated that they aren't just like them and that he's capable of really loving someone, as well as anything at all that resembles sentimentality. To Vicious, these are just signs of weakness.
Watching the final episode, I initially thought it was stupid of Spike to leave the Bebop and quite possibly throw their life away going up against Vicious - not when Faye clearly has feelings for them and they can exchange hearty jokes about bad food with Jet. But Julia's death forces Spike to face someone who they might have become if they didn't have the re-awakening they likely helped bring about. Spike wouldn't want to put the lives of anyone else they care about at risk. When Spike beats Vicious in a duel and soon afterward collapses with no obvious help in sight, the credits begin to roll. And we've seen them more than enough good in them to feel quite sentimental.
Missing the inner heat, life gets colder
As inspired by hip hop culture as it is the Edo era of the samurai in which takes place (and the resulting chanbara genre of films and TV), Samurai Champloo is much less overtly sentimental than anything else Watanable has directed, though its closing tunes, as is the cast with most anime, are quite sentimental and speak to the undercurrent of emotion in Champloo's three core characters. Mugen, Jin and Fuu exist in a world that's even more hostile than Bebop's futuristic space setting: an extremely feudal Japan.
None of Watanabe's other shows have had a protagonist quite as angry as Mugen. He's obviously had a hard life devoid of the kind of privilege that leads to being a samurai, which Jin has had. He's also more tan than their counterparts in the show, Jin and Fuu, having come from one of the islands that Japan colonized. (Perhaps due in part to their mish-mash of worldly pop culture influences, it's another notable quality of Watanabe's that their world-building sensibilities are aware of people whom aren't the idealized Japanese). Mugen's characterization largely is guided by the hip-hop influence, or at least a notion of hip-hop: he's brashly determined to be their own guiding star; their fighting skills are a mash-up of styles that make them formidable in a way very that's very new in old class-driven Japan. He's also kind of a bastard, though they do have their own code and, unlike Vicious, a begrudging appreciation for sentiment.
Jin is all about a romanticized notion of bushido - since the betrayal of their master, their only real connection to anything has been the ideals contained therein. He's a ronin who doesn't believe there's a lord worth fighting for. In a way, Mugen and Jin see each other as what they hate most about the world. Jin sees a formidable barbarian with a common lack of honour, and Mugen sees a skilled samurai that their self-made style has to overcome.
Fuu is much less skilled or worldly than Watanabe's action-genre protagonists, except that she's got a sense of resolve and optimism that's the catalyst for any change on Mugen and Jin's parts - and also a flying squirrel. Champloo is largely about the journey that Fuu gets Mugen and Jin to go on with her, after saving their lives and forcing the two to delay their duel until after they help them find the samurai who smells of sunflowers. For Fuu, it's an extremely sentimental objective, and one they wouldn't be able to do in such a feudal place without people who know the lay of the land.
When Mugen and Fin resume their duel at the end of the series, both their swords break. It's a sign that they're both equals. They've, quite exhaustively, fought for each other out of a sense of obligation and the sheer will to live. Released by Fuu from that sense of obligation, they no longer want to best each other. The fact that Mugen and Jin don't do what was part of their codes to do is incredibly, and quite deservedly, sentimental - as is the trio unceremoniously going their separate ways.
The Dandy way, Baby
Space Dandy is, by far, the Watanabe-associated work that takes itself the least seriously. It follows the eponymous Dandy, an alien hunter who, along with their robot partner QT and cat-like alien Meow, travels the universe in the Aloha Oe, cataloging rare aliens for money - that is, when they don't have any money to eat at Hooters-knockoff 'Boobies'. Dandy is extremely self-referential and considers themselves pretty much the best at anything that's considered cool, like surfing and starship racing.
With its occasional one-dimensional characterizations of scantily clad women, Space Dandy initially seems like a series that only delights in the most commercial tropes of anime in general - however skillfully. But Dandy is more of a would-be womanizer than an actual one (like Zapp Brannigan, except more competent and with occasional character), and though it's understandable if people don't ignore its cheaper qualities the way they might for a Game Of Thrones level of characterization, the show has its affecting moments.
Take Dandy and Meow's search for the best-tasting ramen in the universe (episode two), which they find produced in an alternate dimension populated by one mournful alien. After hearing the alien's story, Dandy and Meow discover its the alien's tears that helps makes its ramen so good. When the portal back to their universe is closing, Dandy offers the alien the chance to come with them in an, up until that point, an unusual sign of good will for him. But throughout the first season, loneliness is just about the only thing Dandy lets themselves show that he's moved by.
With their words and music
Creatively, Shinichiro Watanabe is part of a team that has included the musical likes of Yoko Kanno and the Seatbelts, Fat Jon and the late great Nujabes (Jun Seba); as well as scripts by great writers like Keiko Nobumoto and Dai Sato, in addition to Watanabe himself. And, of course, he's worked with some truly great voice casts and translators. They all add up to storytelling in which notions of genre don't ultimately trump character. Even if the protagonists don't always show it in the most direct way, even if they regularly live by mantras they adopt to get by in a hard, complicated universe, it's always clear they're capable of feelings that are bigger than that.
Follow our Twitter feed for faster news and bad jokes right here. And be our Facebook chum here.
Vince McMahon and WWE officials were surprised at the level of fan backlash over Roman Reigns winning the 2015 Royal Rumble, reports Dave Meltzer on Wrestling Observer Radio. The WWE had expected some backlash and had prepared for it, however the boos for Reigns' win was far beyond what anyone envisioned. "They panicked early, they changed a few things," Meltzer states. "Dwayne was not happy," they add. The Rock was utilised as a means of getting Reigns some cheers. They hit the ring to celebrate with their Samoan cousin, but it failed to turn the tide and the boos continued to come. Rock was visibly surprised and later fluffed a promo in the WWE Network post-show. It says something when the greatest talker of all time is thrown off their game by the fan backlash. Reigns was meant to be a babyface hero, but the WWE crowd were incandescent at Daniel Bryan not being given the Rumble victory. Despite Vince McMahon's surprise at the ferocity of boos, they will not be changing course on the long term plan for Roman Reigns Vs Brock Lesnar at WrestleMania. The fan resentment is the same as last year, the feeling is that Daniel Bryan deserves the main WrestleMania spot. The immediate backstage reaction is that Bryan will not be added to the Mania 31 title match. Meltzer states that "Vince feels that it would be a repeat and gone to the well one time too often." In some ways, you have to understand where the WWE are coming from. Bryan's big moment from WrestleMania 30 will never be replicated. They would have made a compelling number one contender, but it was never going to be like last year. In Roman Reigns they have a star who could become a much longer term investment, and the feeling was that they needed to gamble on "making him" at this year's Rumble. That gamble looks like it hasn't paid off.
Greenpeace activists in kayaks and boats have boarded a 23,498-tonne ship in the Thames Estuary. The ship is reportedly carrying thousands of Volkswagen diesel cars bound for the UK.
A group of up to 40 activists scaled the fences at Sheerness Port, Kent, at around 8.30am local time.
Greenpeace says it will not leave the ship until the cars, meant for UK suppliers, are returned to Germany.
The protesters are hanging off the harborside brandishing a huge poster of a child wearing a gas mask with the words “Ditch Diesel.”
In a statement, Greenpeace said: “The volunteers, including many mothers, fathers and people from all walks of life, are attempting to immobilise all of the VW diesel cars by removing the keys.
“They are also lifting the bonnets and labelling the engines with messages from 8,000 people, including many car owners, calling on VW to ditch diesel.”
BREAKING: We are sending a message to @Volkswagen - stop contributing to air pollution and #DitchDieselhttps://t.co/N4P9mvsF02pic.twitter.com/ZQB5mQ10cP — Greenpeace UK (@GreenpeaceUK) September 21, 2017
Diesel vehicles cause 80% of air pollution on UK streets - yet @Volkswagen CEO says diesel has a "great future" https://t.co/N4P9mvKfRApic.twitter.com/b5CFMWWluH — Greenpeace UK (@GreenpeaceUK) September 21, 2017
Janet Barker, 38, a support worker, from Powys, Wales, and one of the volunteers taking action, said: “Diesel cars are toxic – so we're here to block VW imports on behalf of all of the children who are the most acutely affected by the health impacts of diesel fumes.
“VW's polluting vehicles are adding to a public health emergency harming thousands of people,” Barker said, according to the Sun.
Volunteers are trying to stop the cars from being distributed to UK dealers by removing their keys.
Bo Ruan, a Greenpeace employee, warned of the consequences of diesel emissions.
“My daughter Sephie has developed severe respiratory problems which can render their housebound for a week at a time. The wealth of evidence connecting air pollution to respiratory problems in children is now overwhelming,” they said, according to the Metro.
“Our country's children, like Sephie, are developing real health issues across our cities made worse by air pollution.
“Unless we ditch diesel, we could end up with a whole generation of children with damaged lungs.”
Kent Police said officers are at the scene.
BREAKING: We're blocking car shipment & confiscating 1000s of @Volkswagen diesel car keys 2 years on from dieselgate https://t.co/N4P9mvsF02pic.twitter.com/tX6YneGDDY — Greenpeace UK (@GreenpeaceUK) September 21, 2017
Greenpeace want Volkswagen to stop producing diesel cars within the next two years.
The German car giant imports tens of thousands of cars in the UK every year.
The stunt marks two years since the start of the Dieselgate emissions scandal.
VW came under fire after it emerged it had rigged millions of its cars between 2008 and 2015 so they would pass stringent environmental tests while still emitting dangerous levels of pollution.
Millions of cars have been recalled by VW. Other brands, including Mercedes, BMW and Audi, have installed software upgrades to slash emissions.
Editor's Note: After this story was published, Krush Ultralounge posted a statement to its Facebook page to say it does provide tap water to patrons “at certain times,” and that the club has policies for designated drivers and to deal with patrons who feel ill.
Karl Jorden is speaking out after they said they were denied drinking water at an Edmonton dance club.
When Jorden's friend came to visit from Saskatchewan, they rounded up a few more pals and headed to Krush Ultra Lounge in the west end for a night of dancing.
“We were there having a good time and spent a lot of time on the dance floor. It was very warm in there, so we were all thirsty.”
According to Jorden, the group of five rang up a $250 tab on food and drinks before one of their friends started to feel unwell.
As the designated driver, they tried to take care of their friend.
“We tried to get some water — [we] went up to the bar and they said, ‘It's not our policy to give out tap water.' They provided bottled water at $3.50 and that was it,” they said.
“I think it's pretty ridiculous. Water's pretty cheap.”
Jorden thought they were just dealing with an unhelpful bartender, so they found a manager, hoping they could help. The manager told them the same thing.
“I was surprised. I'd never been denied water at an establishment. Being the designated driver, I was like, ‘What is going on?' All I wanted was water, and they wouldn't give it to me.”
Peter Bodenburger, one of the owners of Krush Ultra Lounge, told Global News it's been the club's policy for about three years to only sell bottles of Aquafina water.
“We don't give out free glasses of water,” they said.
Bodenburger said because they don't have a cover charge, they need to make money somehow off guests who aren't drinking.
They said the dance club serves a middle-aged crowd and many clients don't spend money otherwise.
Bodenburger admits Krush has received complaints about the policy in the past and is always evaluating its stance.
“I don't believe that's good business for anyone, really,” Jorden said. “If they're interested in the health of their clientele and they want them coming back, they should be doing things that support that.”
They said he'd be fine with a cover charge.
“If I had to choose, I'd rather pay cover, because you never know how much water you're going to consume in a night,” Jorden explained.
Krush said in a later statement it has consulted its regular customers on the issue.
“The vast majority have stated they prefer to not spend their hard-earned monies at the door on a cover charge and be able to choose to buy the refreshments of their choice when and how they want.”
Bars and lounges are not obliged to provide free tap water.
“Non-alcoholic drinks must be provided, but it is up to the licensee if they charge or not. Most venues, however, do provide free water because it's good customer service and it's just the socially responsible thing to do,” said Eric Baich, manager of social responsibility with the Alberta Gaming and Liquor Commission.
Baich says they don't believe the practice is widespread because the AGLC doesn't receive many complaints about it.
They noted that having a few glasses of water is part of the AGLC DrinkSense program's recommendations on drinking safely.
“Mixing in water and meals, making sure you're rested, and pacing yourself are all part of consuming liquor responsibly,” Baich said.
At the MKT beer market on Gateway Boulevard, bartenders get requests for water all the time.
“If somebody asks for water, we give them water,” said MKT's general manager, Grant Sanderson.
“We are very happy and proud to serve free water from the North Saskatchewan river.”
Sanderson said MKT would never deny someone tap water, as they consider it part of being a responsible drinking establishment.
“We want to make sure our guests are hydrated, that they're not seeing any negative effects of alcohol consumption over a longer period… and we want to make sure we're exercising our duty of care for them.”
Jorden said they plan on filing a complaint with the AGLC because they do not want other bars or clubs to mimic Krush's policy.
(Reuters) - Microsoft Corp's (MSFT.O) market capitalization topped $500 billion for the first time since 2000 on Friday, after the technology giant's stock rose following another quarter of results that beat Wall Street's expectations.
Microsoft Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Satya Narayana Nadella speaks at a live Microsoft event in the Manhattan borough of New York City, October 26, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Shares of the world's biggest software company rose as much as 2.1 percent to $65.64, an all-time high, in early trading, valuing the company at $510.37 billion.
The last time Microsoft was valued more was in March 2000, during the heyday of the dotcom era, when it had a market value of a little above $550 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Despite the gains, Microsoft still lags Apple Inc's (AAPL.O) market capitalization of about $642 billion and Google-parent Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) market value of a little more than $570 billion.
Microsoft reported second-quarter results on Thursday that beat analysts' average estimate for both revenue and profit, mainly due to its fast-growing cloud computing business.
The company's profit and revenue have now topped Wall Street's expectations in seven of the last eight quarters.
Chief Executive Satya Nadella has been trying to reinvigorate Microsoft since taking over the lumbering giant nearly three years ago, and has helped build more credibility around the company's efforts in areas such as cloud-based services.
When they took the top job in February 2014, the company's stock was trading at around $34 and its market value was roughly $315 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data.
“The pieces are falling into place as we are starting to see an important shift in the model, with improving profitability in growth segments,” RBC Capital Markets analysts wrote in a note.
At least 11 brokerages raised their price targets on the stock, boosting the median price target to $68.50 from $68.00.
Of the 37 analysts covering the stock, 27 rate it “buy” or higher, eight have a “hold” rating and two “strong sell”.
They're not exactly the Nixon era "silent majority," but both Republican and Democratic pollsters claim that there is a secret vote for Donald Trump showing up in some polls.
The Trump campaign on Sunday stated flatly there is a "big hidden Trump vote" in the nation.
And during the recent Democratic convention, a top pollster agreed, saying there is a "secret Trump vote."
Longtime Republican pollster and Trump advisor Kellyanne Conway explained on the Today show that the hidden vote is seen when anonymous online polls are compared to phone call interview polls where people have to be more public in stating who they support.
For example, the new Reuters poll had Trump and Hillary Clinton just three points apart, where others that are phone survey based out Sunday showed a greater gap.
"The Reuters poll, which is an online poll, where Donald Trump is three points behind Hillary Clinton nationally, and I think that the important point to note there is that when you have online polls as opposed to telephone polls, Mr. Trump tends to do better, and that's because the online polls approximate the ballot box, where you're issuing your vote privately," they said.
"We think there's a big hidden Trump vote in this country," said Conway, who added that Trump internal polls project "tighter" results in battleground states.
Them comments echoed those from Democratic pollster Celinda Lake who during the Democratic convention said that their side sees a secret Trump vote among white males.
"I worry that there is a bit of a secret Trump vote," said the influential pollster at an event attended by Secrets.
They have proof revealed in polls that find more white male support when live people are doing the interviewing and less support for Clinton in anonymous online surveys.
"The pattern is in the online surveys, even if you control for demographics, Trump does three to nine points better than in telephone surveys. So it really does suggest that there is a secret vote for Donald Trump," said Lake.
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com
I recently wrote about Event Sourcing and Free Monads. The natural next step is combining the two! How would a free monad adjusted for event sourcing look like?
Please bear in mind that the below is just really a draft, not a complete solution. Hence any suggestions for improvements are very welcome! But, let's review the basic assumptions. Our application emits events of a certain type E . This will typically be a hierarchy of case classes. As we want to be free from any specific interpretation of side-effects, we will use data of type A[_] to describe all actions that can happen in the system (again usually using case classes). Actions include reading and writing the model, sending e-mails, indexing data in search subsystems etc. Every action returns some result; writes typically result in Unit , reads in an Option[SomeData] .
The events record what happened in the system and drive all of the “business logic”. All events are stored, however we don't specify upfront how; the stream of events forms the the primary “source of truth”.
There are two main functions that will interpret the events:
model update : as the name suggests, basing on the event, updates the model. For example, for a UserRegistered event, this should write the user to a database, or store it in an in-memory storage. Cannot emit new events, only perform actions.
: as the name suggests, basing on the event, updates the model. For example, for a event, this should write the user to a database, or store it in an in-memory storage. Cannot emit new events, only perform actions. event listeners: run some logic basing on events. For example, for a UserRegistered event, this could trigger an action sending an email. Here we can emit new events, like creating some initial data for a new user (in our example, this will be an api key).
The main idea behind this distinction is that given a list of events, model update can be used to rebuild the model. We can do this multiple times; for example we could store the events in a persistent storage, and the model in-memory. We could then use the model update function to re-create a model on a new node. Or, we can run the model update functions to create a new view of the data.
On the other hand, event listeners should be run only once, and they should perform the main “business logic” for an event. Sending a welcome email should be done only once, even if the event is replayed to re-create the model. Here we can also emit new events, and they will be processed recursively using the two functions.
The top-level entry points are commands, parametrised with user-provided data (e.g. from a web form or REST endpoint), which basing on the model validate the input emit some events and return a value, which is then returned to the user.
To describe programs which can emit events, perform actions and where events can be handled using the model update & event listener functions, we will use a data type ES[E, A, R] .
ES[E, A, R] is a description of a program which emits events of type E , contains actions of type A and produces a result of type R .
The three components described above should have the following signatures:
command: AnyUserData => ES[E, A, R]
model update: PartialFunction[E, ES[Nothing, A, Unit]] (cannot emit events; partial, as we don't require model updates for every event)
(cannot emit events; partial, as we don't require model updates for every event) event listener: PartialFunction[E, ES[E, A, Unit]]
What is ES ?
ES is an extension of the free monad over A , which in addition to the normal constructors ( FlatMap , Pure and Suspend – used for actions), contains an additional Emit constructor (its meaning shouldn't be a surprise). Very similarly to the free monad, we can define a method to interpret ES using any monad, given an interpretation for actions and events ( foldMap function).
Here's the basic structure of ES :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 sealed trait ES [ E, A [ _ ] , R ] { def flatMap [ R2 ] ( f : R => ES [ E, A, R2 ] ) : ES [ E, A, R2 ] = FlatMap ( this , f ) def map [ R2 ] ( f : R => R2 ) : ES [ E, A, R2 ] = FlatMap ( this , f andThen ( x => Pure ( x ) ) ) ... } case class Pure [ E, A [ _ ] , R ] ( r : R ) extends ES [ E, A, R ] { … } case class Emit [ E, A [ _ ] ] ( e : E ) extends ES [ E, A, Unit ] { … } case class Suspend [ E, A [ _ ] , R ] ( a : A [ R ] ) extends ES [ E, A, R ] { … } case class FlatMap [ E, A [ _ ] , R1, R2 ] ( c : ES [ E, A, R1 ] , f : R1 => ES [ E, A, R2 ] ) extends ES [ E, A, R2 ] { … } object ES { implicit def esMonad [ E, A [ _ ] ] : Monad [ ( { type x [ X ] = ES [ E, A, X ] } ) # x ] = new Monad [ ( { type x [ X ] = ES [ E, A, X ] } ) # x ] { override def pure [ X ] ( x : X ) = Pure ( x ) override def flatMap [ X, Y ] ( fa : ES [ E, A, X ] ) ( f : X => ES [ E, A, Y ] ) = fa. flatMap ( f ) } def pure [ E, A [ _ ] , R ] ( r : R ) : ES [ E, A, R ] = Pure ( r ) def done [ E, A [ _ ] ] : ES [ E, A, Unit ] = pure ( ( ) ) def emit [ E, A [ _ ] ] ( e : E ) : ES [ E, A, Unit ] = Emit ( e ) def suspend [ E, A [ _ ] , R ] ( a : A [ R ] ) : ES [ E, A, R ] = Suspend ( a ) } sealed trait ES[E, A[_], R] { def flatMap[R2](f: R => ES[E, A, R2]): ES[E, A, R2] = FlatMap(this, f) def map[R2](f: R => R2): ES[E, A, R2] = FlatMap(this, f andThen (x => Pure(x))) ... } case class Pure[E, A[_], R](r: R) extends ES[E, A, R] { … } case class Emit[E, A[_]](e: E) extends ES[E, A, Unit] { … } case class Suspend[E, A[_], R](a: A[R]) extends ES[E, A, R] { … } case class FlatMap[E, A[_], R1, R2]( c: ES[E, A, R1], f: R1 => ES[E, A, R2]) extends ES[E, A, R2] { … } object ES { implicit def esMonad[E, A[_]]: Monad[({type x[X] = ES[E, A, X]})#x] = new Monad[({type x[X] = ES[E, A, X]})#x] { override def pure[X](x: X) = Pure(x) override def flatMap[X, Y](fa: ES[E, A, X])(f: X => ES[E, A, Y]) = fa.flatMap(f) } def pure[E, A[_], R](r: R): ES[E, A, R] = Pure(r) def done[E, A[_]]: ES[E, A, Unit] = pure(()) def emit[E, A[_]](e: E): ES[E, A, Unit] = Emit(e) def suspend[E, A[_], R](a: A[R]): ES[E, A, R] = Suspend(a) }
Event-sourcing ES specifics
In addition to normal monad operations, we need two operations on the ES data type. Firstly, we need a way to provide the model update & event listener functions, which should be applied to the description of the program. As a result, we want to get a program where all of the events are handled, and which contains appropriate actions (for each event, first the actions described by the model update, and then the actions described by the event listener).
Hence ES contains a function:
1 2 3 4 5 sealed trait ES [ E, A [ _ ] , R ] { def handleEvents ( modelUpdate : PartialFunction [ E, ES [ Nothing, A, Unit ] ] , eventListener : PartialFunction [ E, ES [ E, A, Unit ] ] ) : ES [ Handled [ E ] , A, R ] } sealed trait ES[E, A[_], R] { def handleEvents( modelUpdate: PartialFunction[E, ES[Nothing, A, Unit]], eventListener: PartialFunction[E, ES[E, A, Unit]]): ES[Handled[E], A, R] }
Note that in the return type, events are wrapped in an case class Handled[E](e: E) wrapper. That's to make sure that we can't simply call handleEvents twice and re-interpret the events. And we need to retain the events in the description of the program to be able to store them when we do the final interpretation.
Which brings us to the interpretation function. Given a description of a program with the events handled as described by our model update/event listener functions, we want to interpret it in any monad, hence we get the function:
1 2 3 4 implicit class ESHandled [ E, A [ _ ] , R ] ( es : ES [ Handled [ E ] , A, R ] ) { def run [ M [ _ ] ] ( ai : A ~ > M, storeEvent : E => M [ Unit ] ) ( implicit M : Monad [ M ] ) : M [ R ] = ??? } implicit class ESHandled[E, A[_], R](es: ES[Handled[E], A, R]) { def run[M[_]](ai: A ~> M, storeEvent: E => M[Unit])( implicit M: Monad[M]): M[R] = ??? }
To do the interpretation, we need both an interpretation of the actions (the A ~> M natural transformation) and a way to store the events. Given a program ES[E, A, R] and a monad M , we get back the result: M[R] with all events handled, stored and actions interpreted.
Example usage
How would a simple usage example look like? We will describe a program where users can register using a unique email, and for each new user an api key is created. Here's the data, actions and events that we will use:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 case class User ( id : Long, email : String, password : String ) case class ApiKey ( userId : Long, key : String ) sealed trait Action [ R ] case class FindUserByEmail ( email : String ) extends Action [ Option [ User ] ] case class WriteUser ( u : User ) extends Action [ Unit ] case class FindApiKeyByUserId ( userId : Long ) extends Action [ Option [ ApiKey ] ] case class WriteApiKey ( ak : ApiKey ) extends Action [ Unit ] case class SendEmail ( to : String, body : String ) extends Action [ Unit ] sealed trait Event case class UserRegistered ( u : User ) extends Event case class ApiKeyCreated ( ak : ApiKey ) extends Event case class User(id: Long, email: String, password: String) case class ApiKey(userId: Long, key: String) sealed trait Action[R] case class FindUserByEmail(email: String) extends Action[Option[User]] case class WriteUser(u: User) extends Action[Unit] case class FindApiKeyByUserId(userId: Long) extends Action[Option[ApiKey]] case class WriteApiKey(ak: ApiKey) extends Action[Unit] case class SendEmail(to: String, body: String) extends Action[Unit] sealed trait Event case class UserRegistered(u: User) extends Event case class ApiKeyCreated(ak: ApiKey) extends Event
The entry point will be a command to register users:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 def registerUserCommand ( email : String, password : String ) : ES [ Event, Action, Either [ String, Unit ] ] = { action ( FindUserByEmail ( email ) ) . flatMap { case None => emit ( UserRegistered ( User ( new Random ( ) . nextInt ( ) , email, password ) ) ) . map ( _ => Right ( ( ) ) ) case Some ( user ) => pure ( Left ( "User with the given email already exists" ) ) } } def registerUserCommand( email: String, password: String): ES[Event, Action, Either[String, Unit]] = { action(FindUserByEmail(email)).flatMap { case None => emit(UserRegistered(User(new Random().nextInt(), email, password))) .map(_ => Right(())) case Some(user) => pure(Left("User with the given email already exists")) } }
Note that we are using concrete types ( Event , Action ) as the type parameters for ES . The result of the command can be either an error message (represented by the left side of the either), or success ( Right(()) ). In the command we perform actions (looking user up by email) and emit events (user registered) if validation succeeds.
We also need the model update/event listener functions to intepret the events:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 val modelUpdate : PartialFunction [ Event, ES [ Nothing, Action, Unit ] ] = { case UserRegistered ( u ) => action ( WriteUser ( u ) ) case ApiKeyCreated ( ak ) => action ( WriteApiKey ( ak ) ) } val eventListeners : PartialFunction [ Event, ES [ Event, Action, Unit ] ] = { case UserRegistered ( u ) => for { _ < - emit ( ApiKeyCreated ( ApiKey ( u. id , UUID. randomUUID ( ) . toString ) ) ) _ < - action ( SendEmail ( u. email , "Welcome!" ) ) } yield ( ) } val modelUpdate: PartialFunction[Event, ES[Nothing, Action, Unit]] = { case UserRegistered(u) => action(WriteUser(u)) case ApiKeyCreated(ak) => action(WriteApiKey(ak)) } val eventListeners: PartialFunction[Event, ES[Event, Action, Unit]] = { case UserRegistered(u) => for { _ <- emit(ApiKeyCreated(ApiKey(u.id, UUID.randomUUID().toString))) _ <- action(SendEmail(u.email, "Welcome!")) } yield () }
There are no event listeners for ApiKeyCreated , and for UserRegistered we emit another event and perform an action.
Given user input, we can handle the result of the command and interpret it in the Id monad:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 val handledCommand = registerUserCommand ( "adam@example.org" , "1234" ) . handleEvents ( modelUpdate, eventListeners ) val result : Either [ String, Unit ] = handledCommand. run [ Id ] ( new ( Action ~ > Id ) { override def apply [ A ] ( fa : Action [ A ] ) = fa match { case FindUserByEmail ( email ) => println ( s "Find user by email: $email" ) ; None case WriteUser ( u ) => println ( s "Write user $u" ) case FindApiKeyByUserId ( id ) => println ( s "Find api key by user id: $id" ) ; None case WriteApiKey ( ak ) => println ( s "Write api key: $ak" ) case SendEmail ( to, body ) => println ( s "Send email to $to, body: $body" ) } } , e => println ( "Store event: " + e ) ) val handledCommand = registerUserCommand("adam@example.org", "1234") .handleEvents(modelUpdate, eventListeners) val result: Either[String, Unit] = handledCommand.run[Id](new (Action ~> Id) { override def apply[A](fa: Action[A]) = fa match { case FindUserByEmail(email) => println(s"Find user by email: $email"); None case WriteUser(u) => println(s"Write user $u") case FindApiKeyByUserId(id) => println(s"Find api key by user id: $id"); None case WriteApiKey(ak) => println(s"Write api key: $ak") case SendEmail(to, body) => println(s"Send email to $to, body: $body") } }, e => println("Store event: " + e))
Id is great for testing, in real-life you would interpret the actions using e.g. Future or Task and write the results to a database. When executed, you would see a trail of actions being performed by the program.
Supporting code
The code for ES is mainly an expansion of the free monad interpretation. The full (quite short) source is available in a gist, alongside with the example above. It uses Cats for the monad and natural transformation abstractions.
Summing up
To make this usable in a real-life scenario, a couple of features are missing. First of all, we would need to add support for combining a number of different types of events/actions. Secondly, we would need to provide a convenient way to enrich events, to capture e.g. the timestamp of an event, some wider context (user's ip/id) etc.
Former President George W. Bush speaks Tuesday during an event celebrating the successes of dissidents and activists from around the world, hosted by the George W. Bush Presidential Center in Washington. (SAUL LOEB/AFP/GETTY IMAGES)
As presidential endorsements go, this one could hardly have been more low-key. ABC News caught up with former president George W. Bush in an elevator in downtown Washington on Tuesday and asked the question that elicited the sound bite.
“I'm for Mitt Romney,” Bush said, just as the doors slid shut. The 43rd president of the United States was on their way to give a speech on human freedom, in which they made no mention of politics, save one sidelong reference: “I actually found my freedom by leaving Washington.”
Bush's absence from this year's presidential race stands in sharp contrast with their predecessor, who has stayed in campaign mode pretty much since they left office.
In 2004, Bill Clinton appeared at a Philadelphia rally with Sen. John F. Kerry (Mass.), the Democratic nominee, only seven weeks after having quadruple bypass surgery. “If this isn't good for my heart, I don't know what is,” Clinton told a cheering throng of more than 100,000.
Despite the fact that their wife lost the Democratic nomination to Barack Obama in 2008, Clinton has eagerly stepped up as a validator and fundraiser for the current president in their bid for reelection. Then again, campaigning is such a part of Clinton's DNA that they have even been willing to host fundraising events for state Senate candidates.
Don't expect to see anything like that from Bush.
“We welcome the president's support, as we welcomed their father's” in late March, when former president George H.W. Bush bestowed their formal endorsement on the all-but-inevitable GOP nominee, said Romney campaign spokesperson Andrea Saul.
“We're proud to have the president's support,” they added, “but they made clear when they left office that they were not going to engage in political campaigns and we have no reason to believe that is going to change.”
That the younger Bush has stayed invisible reflects both political reality — they remain far from popular among much of the electorate — and their sense of what their role should be as a former commander in chief.
Richard B. Cheney, their vice president, emerged as an early and vocal critic of the Obama presidency.
But Bush said of their successor in 2009: “I'm not going to spend my time criticizing him. There are plenty of critics in the arena. They deserve my silence. . . . I think it is essential that they be helped in office.”
It is far from clear whether it would help Romney if Bush took a more public role in a campaign in which the state of the economy is the top concern for voters. In a February poll by Quinnipiac University, 51 percent of respondents said Bush is more to blame for it, while only 35 percent said Obama is.
Meanwhile, many on the right have come to view Bush's presidency as a time when the size of government and federal spending expanded — which is precisely the rap they are trying to pin on Obama now.
None of that is lost on the former president.
Bush “has a very grown-up view of who they are, and their reputation, and what the limits and power of their voice are,” said Tony Fratto, who was deputy press secretary in the Bush White House. “He knows that maybe, in some quarters, [his endorsement] is a benefit, and in some quarters, it is a liability.”
Meanwhile, the former president whose name Romney was invoking with approval at a campaign stop in Iowa on Tuesday was Clinton.
“Almost a generation ago, Bill Clinton announced that the era of big government was over,” Romney said. “President Obama tucked away the Clinton doctrine in their large drawer of discarded ideas, along with transparency and bipartisanship. It's enough to make you wonder if maybe it was a personal beef with the Clintons.”
For all their differences, Bush and Clinton have something in common as they decide how to approach this election season: an awareness that their family name is on the line, along with their presidential legacies.
Two of the potential presidential candidates most often mentioned for 2016 are former Florida governor Jeb Bush, the brother and son of two ex-presidents, and Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, whose husband is said to be eager to see them make another bid for their old job.
As they indicated in their speech on Tuesday, Bush appears to be enjoying a retirement in which they maintain a busy speaking schedule, although their remarks are rarely open to the public.  They are building a presidential center at Southern Methodist University in Dallas that will include their library and an institute focusing on education reform, global health, human freedom and economic growth.
Bush made it clear soon after they left office that they had little appetite for electoral politics — or, unlike some former presidents, for meddling with those who followed them in the White House.
In “The President's Club,” a recently published book on that exclusive society of those who have known what it is like to preside in the Oval Office, Time magazine journalists Nancy Gibbs and Michael Duffy wrote of a White House lunch of former presidents that Bush arranged, at Obama's request, shortly before the current president was inaugurated.
It was the first time all the living presidents had gathered at the White House since a ceremony marking Egyptian president Anwar Sadat's death in 1981.
“The conversation turned less on policy and politics than simply on the difficulty of making a home in Washington,” the two authors wrote.
And Bush expressed their hope that Obama would succeed, saying: “All of us who have served in this office understand that the office transcends the individual.”
Polling director Jon Cohen and research editor Lucy Shackelford contributed to this report.
News » Germany Announces Plans for Medical Marijuana Legalization
German Health Minister Philipp Roesler announced Tuesday that a simple change in ministry's policies rather than a change to German law will pave the way for medical marijuana to become available to seriously ill patients in the European Union nation.
While medical cannabis has technically been available in the country but has been effectively illegal, with only 40 patients nationwide having received prescriptions for the drug, despite the fact that many health professionals see advantages of using marijuana in treatment of nausea, appetite stimulation and overall pain management.
The change is welcomed by members of the healthcare community believing that it will bring legitimacy and legality to treatments that are already being used.
For patients with serious, chronic diseases this simple change in policy will allow for new treatment options without the danger of legal repercussions. Gerhard Mueller-Schwefe, president of the German Society for Pain Therapy, said that “it's time to bring cannabis out from the shadows.”
This “will legalize a practice that pain therapists and palliative health professionals have long administered out of necessity,” they said.
Eugen Brysch of the German Hospice Foundation, who works with the critically ill agrees.
“Because it is disproportionately difficult to obtain cannabis as medicine, many patients with chronic pain are currently forced into illegality,” they said.
It is believed that the changes will take affect quickly as medical marijuana is already available in many European Union countries. Those programs can be used as a blueprint for the new policy in Germany.
[source Deutsche Welle]
Tags: Eugen Brysch, Gerhard Mueller-Schwefe, German Hospice Foundation, German Society for Pain Therapy, Germany, medical marijuana, Philipp Roesler
Last week the House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act despite opposition from civil liberties groups and a threatened White House veto. But a powerful Democratic Senator has signaled their opposition to the measure, making passage in the upper chamber unlikely.
Sen. Jay Rockefeller (D-WV) chairs the Senate Commerce Committee and also holds a seat on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. They called the bill's goals "important" but said its "privacy protections are insufficient," according to US News and World Report.
CISPA is controversial because it would grant companies that share information related to online threats broad immunity from liability. Critics fear that it would gut other laws, such as the Wiretap Act and the Stored Communications Act, that protect consumers' privacy. Opponents argue that Congress should take a more targeted approach, revising individual laws that hamper information sharing rather than granting companies broad immunity for violating any of them.
That approach appears to have support among Senate Democrats. "We're not taking [CISPA] up," a representative of the Senate Commerce Committee told US News and World Report. Instead, the committee will be starting over with fresh legislation that will include stronger privacy protections.
Recent events have been a virtual replay of last year's debate over Internet security legislation. The House passed an earlier version of CISPA exactly one year ago today, but a Senate filibuster killed a proposal by Sen. Joe Lieberman (I-CT) in the Senate.
BALASUBRAMANI MARIAPPAN
U.S. whistleblower Edward Snowden has been granted asylum in Russia and left the transit zone of Moscow's Shremetyevo Airport for an Undisclosed “safe location”. Mr. Snowden left the airport soon after their Russian lawyer Anatoly Kucherena handed them temporary asylum papers on Tuesday.
“He left the airport for a safe location,” Mr.Kucherena said adding that Mr.Snowden's whereabouts will not be disclosed for security reasons. “He is the most wanted person in the world today. Security is a very serious matter for him,” Mr. Kucherena told reporters.
The U.S. has asked Russia to send Mr. Snowden back home for trial on charges for espionage, but has not sent a formal extradition request. President Vladimir Putin has refused to hand them over.
The asylum status will protect Mr Snowden from extradition. ” A person granted temporary asylum cannot be returned against their will to the country of their citizenship or their residence,” a law enforcement official told the Itar-Tass news agency.
A RUSSIAN
Mr. Kucherena, who assisted Mr. Snowden in getting asylum, said they would now help arrange their father's visit to Russia soon for reunion with their son. “They will decide between them where in Russia Edward will live,” the lawyer added.
The asylum status allows Mr. Snowden to live and work in Russia for one year and can be extended indefinitely on yearly basis. The former computer expert has already received a job offer from Russia's popular SOCIAL NETWORK, VKONTAKTE.
Advertisements
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu speaks to the press at the Defense Ministry in Tel Aviv on July 22, 2014.
Photo by Gali Tibbon/AFP/Getty Images
When Israel launched Operation Cast Lead in 2008 to stop Hamas rocket fire from the Gaza Strip, Israeli journalists were hungry to cover the military operational details. They wanted to know how many Hamas militants had been killed or captured, what of the terrorist group's infrastructure had been hit, what remained on the Israel Defense Forces' target list, and so on. What didn't interest most newspapers or newscasts was the wider impact on the other side, especially the civilian death toll. If there was any questioning, it wasn't why so many Palestinians were being killed, but why the campaign hadn't started sooner. By the time Israel launched Pillar of Defense, its next Gaza military offensive in 2012, the Israeli media watchdog group Keshev concluded that the war had “blurred the distinction between the IDF spokesperson and Israeli media outlets more than ever.”
The same can be said today.
Israeli journalists, many of whom I have known and admired during nearly two decades of reporting on this conflict, are skilled. They can be relentless questioners, brutal in their analysis, and still maintain their access to key figures. Give them a good old-fashioned financial or sex scandal and they'll make that politician wish he'd never run for office. Just ask former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert or former President Moshe Katsav how the coverage of their trials went.
But in times of war, many, if not most, Israeli journalists—with some admirable exceptions—hunker down with the rest of the country and are afraid to ask tough questions, especially in the early days of a military campaign. Instead, they tend to parrot the country's political and military leaders. (The Hebrew phrase critics have for journalists in these times is—meguyasim—the drafted, or recruited.) Israelis are barred from entering Gaza. And with that access cut off, few Israeli journalists have cultivated Palestinian sources because there is amazingly little interest among the Israeli public in understanding Palestinian affairs.
It helps explain why Israel and the world see the war in Gaza so differently. With their country under fire by rockets and with soldiers fighting and now dying on the battlefield, the Israeli journalists' role transforms from dogged inquirer to purveyor of piecemeal information provided by the military. Patriotism suddenly trumps any duty to report impartially. That leaves Israelis—many of whom even in this global media age turn exclusively to Hebrew-language news sources—an incomplete and skewed picture of what is happening. Public support for the war is bolstered. And the narrative put forth by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu about Gaza and Hamas simply becomes the consensus.
American media, some would argue, acted similarly by failing to question intelligence on Saddam Hussein's alleged weapons of mass destruction before the Iraq war. But the situations are decidedly different. There just isn't the same intimate relationship between the American press and the military the way there is in Israel, where everyone serves and the IDF remains the most vaunted institution. In 2003, there was a multitude of voices in the American media arguing against the war. Today in Israel there are very few speaking out against this campaign, however ill-advised it may seem to the outside world.
The few who do are vehemently criticized. “You're a traitor!,” a man yelled at Gideon Levy, a Haaretz columnist, as they were being interviewed on a street corner about a column they wrote criticizing Israeli pilots for carrying out bombing runs in Gaza. “Have you no shame? You should be the one to live with Hamas. We have the most ethical fighter pilots. You think children should spend the summer holiday in a bomb shelter? Shame on you!” One newspaper reported that Israel Channel 2's telephone circuits crashed after the flood of calls protesting even having them on air. Similarly, the Israel Broadcasting Authority banned a radio broadcast produced by a human rights organization because it included the names of some of the Palestinian children who have died in Israel's shelling. Israel's regulators claimed the content was too “politically controversial.”
In a climate where almost any dissent is deemed treason, Israeli media mostly choose to limit the coverage of what is actually happening in Gaza, lest they be accused of siding with the enemy or undermining the state when it is under attack.
Long before this calamitous war, fatigue with the issue and a dramatic drop in Palestinian attacks on Israelis allowed the country to turn inward and pretend the conflict had gone away. The public wanted to read about Israel's hi-tech successes, not its military occupation. Most Israelis have today, in fact, become decidedly post-Palestinian, and as a result so has the media. That is why, for many, this war feels like it came out of nowhere, even if it was entirely predictable.
The lack of interest is not mirrored on the Palestinian side. “Can you believe what happened?” a Palestinian woman asked me on a 2010 trip to Gaza while I was reporting for the Washington Post. I had no idea what they were talking about. An Israeli man had killed their wife in a shocking case of domestic violence. They had heard about it on the radio.
Israelis rely on their hourly mivzak (news update) on the radio; the prime-time evening broadcast on Channel 1, 2, or 10; and commentary in the mass-circulation dailies Yedioth Ahronoth and Maariv—colorful tabloids that place serious news and analysis alongside photos of bikini-clad beachgoers. Haaretz—the most daring in its criticism of the military campaign—is one of the most widely read Israeli newspapers abroad (in English translation), but it is the least-read major paper in Israel. Israelis are ravenous news consumers—about themselves.
Sunday night's prime-time broadcast of Mabat, the Channel 1 Israeli news show, was emblematic of the coverage. It was almost exclusively devoted to the deaths of 13 Israeli soldiers. It was understandable. Practically every Israeli Jew knows someone who has been called up to fight in Gaza, and those deaths represented the highest single-day military death toll in eight years. That is what viewers wanted to see reported.
Reporters were stationed in Israel near the Gaza border, at the hospitals, and at the funerals—everywhere but Gaza itself. Even though the government forbids Israelis from entering Gaza, the channel didn't bother to have an American, European, or Palestinian journalist report on what was happening on the ground there.
As the Mabat newscast aired, reports of scores of Palestinian civilians killed by Israeli forces in the eastern Gaza City neighborhood of Shejaia—the deadliest day of this operation so far—were already hours old and dominating international news outlets' coverage. Brutal, horrific images of dead children were everywhere. Netanyahu would later refer to some of these images as “telegenically dead Palestinians.” Early in the broadcast, one Israeli reporter made a passing reference to the civilian deaths by saying Hamas was using the images of Shejaia against Israel internationally—essentially aping the message from the Israeli government itself.
Near the end of the hour-and-eight-minute broadcast, a three-minute package on Shejaia, put together from Arab network footage, finally aired. The Israeli reporter introduced the segment by saying there were allegations that more than 60 Palestinians—mostly women and children—had been killed and that the Israeli military had warned residents to evacuate days earlier. While viewers got some sense of the destruction, the reporter said they were sparing Israeli viewers the most gruesome images of victims being shown elsewhere.
In the middle of the newscast, the anchors had cut to Netanyahu and Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon addressing the nation. “We have to be united together, strong, in difficult days like this,” Netanyahu said. “We are in a fight for our home,'' they added, framing the battle as a matter of survival.
Everything Netanyahu said was intended to make this war seem absolutely necessary. “We didn't choose this,” they said. They talked about the need to destroy Hamas' tunnels—the ostensible reason for the ground invasion—so they couldn't be used for a future attack.
The first question from an Israeli journalist was smart. They asked if the tunnels were an existential threat, why did Israel agree to a cease-fire five days earlier that would have precluded the current ground offensive? Netanyahu replied that the tunnels could have been dealt with through diplomacy had Hamas agreed to a cease-fire.
It was an astonishing acknowledgment that the ground operation may not have been necessary—that there may have been a peaceful way to solve the problem. Still, no reporters followed up. Netanyahu and Ya'alon were left to brag about the success of the operation so far.
Questions that went unasked:
Is it for this limited tactical achievement—destroying some of the tunnels—that the IDF is killing so many Palestinian children and so many young Israeli soldiers are dying?
I know Hamas rejected the original cease-fire plan. But if you are acknowledging that this could be resolved diplomatically, why didn't Israel continue to negotiate the terms of the cease-fire and try to avoid this escalation?
If Israel weakens Hamas too much, are Israelis going to actually regret this when al-Qaida­–type groups gain more of a footing there?
How long will it take for Hamas to build new tunnels?
These are just some of the most basic questions that aren't being posed. Instead, given the lamentable reticence of the ordinarily aggressive Israeli press corps, Netanyahu has silenced any broad questioning of their strategy. And it's working: A poll this week showed 80 percent of the Israeli public supports the operation and 94 percent are satisfied with the military's performance.
If the war drags on and Israeli military casualties mount without a clear end game, more Israeli journalists will surely become more critical. But for now there remains little dissent. Indeed, if anything, there is cheerleading. As Ben Caspit, one of Israel's most influential analysts, wrote in the daily Maariv on Monday: “We need to continue to grit our teeth, shut our ears and get the job done.”
There's been too much discussion of how social media is shaping how this war is being perceived abroad. Facebook and Twitter are simply vehicles for pro-Israel and pro-Palestinian advocates to have a vitriolic, virtual slugfest. How Netanyahu continues to maintain wide support for this offensive has more to do with how the leading Israeli writers and news outlets allow them to shape the story. Diplomats will never get Israel to explore alternatives to this military option until the Israeli press leads a domestic debate that is as honest and exhaustive as its democracy deserves.
Read more of Slate's coverage of the Israel-Gaza conflict.
Diagrammatic hypothesis about the evolutionary relationships of a group of organisms
A rooted phylogenetic tree, illustrating how Eukaryota and Archaea are more closely related to each other than to Bacteria (based on Cavalier-Smith 's theory of bacterial evolution). Neomura is a clade composed of two life domains Archaea and Eukaryota
A phylogenetic tree or evolutionary tree is a branching diagram or "tree" showing the evolutionary relationships among various biological species or other entities—their phylogeny ()—based upon similarities and differences in their physical or genetic characteristics. All life on Earth is part of a single phylogenetic tree, indicating common ancestry.
In a rooted phylogenetic tree, each node with descendants represents the inferred most recent common ancestor of those descendants, and the edge lengths in some trees may be interpreted as time estimates. Each node is called a taxonomic unit. Internal nodes are generally called hypothetical taxonomic units, as they cannot be directly observed. Trees are useful in fields of biology such as bioinformatics, systematics, and phylogenetics. Unrooted trees illustrate only the relatedness of the leaf nodes and do not require the ancestral root to be known or inferred.
History [ edit ]
The idea of a "tree of life" arose from ancient notions of a ladder-like progression from lower into higher forms of life (such as in the Great Chain of Being). Early representations of "branching" phylogenetic trees include a "paleontological chart" showing the geological relationships among plants and animals in the book Elementary Geology, by Edward Hitchcock (first edition: 1840).
Charles Darwin (1859) also produced one of the first illustrations and crucially popularized the notion of an evolutionary "tree" in their seminal book The Origin of Species. Over a century later, evolutionary biologists still use tree diagrams to depict evolution because such diagrams effectively convey the concept that speciation occurs through the adaptive and semirandom splitting of lineages. Over time, species classification has become less static and more dynamic.
The term phylogenetic, or phylogeny, derives from the two ancient greek words φῦλον (phûlon), meaning "race, lineage", and γένεσις (génesis), meaning "origin, source".[1][2]
Types [ edit ]
Rooted tree [ edit ]
A rooted phylogenetic tree (see two graphics at top) is a directed tree with a unique node — the root — corresponding to the (usually imputed) most recent common ancestor of all the entities at the leaves of the tree. The root node does not have a parent node, but serves as the parent of all other nodes in the tree. The root is therefore a node of degree 2 while other internal nodes have a minimum degree of 3 (where "degree" here refers to the total number of incoming and outgoing edges).
The most common method for rooting trees is the use of an uncontroversial outgroup—close enough to allow inference from trait data or molecular sequencing, but far enough to be a clear outgroup.
Unrooted tree [ edit ]
[3] An unrooted phylogenetic tree for myosin , a superfamily of proteins
Unrooted trees illustrate the relatedness of the leaf nodes without making assumptions about ancestry. They do not require the ancestral root to be known or inferred.[4] Unrooted trees can always be generated from rooted ones by simply omitting the root. By contrast, inferring the root of an unrooted tree requires some means of identifying ancestry. This is normally done by including an outgroup in the input data so that the root is necessarily between the outgroup and the rest of the taxa in the tree, or by introducing additional assumptions about the relative rates of evolution on each branch, such as an application of the molecular clock hypothesis.[5]
Bifurcating tree [ edit ]
Both rooted and unrooted phylogenetic trees can be either bifurcating or multifurcating, and either labeled or unlabeled. A rooted bifurcating tree has exactly two descendants arising from each interior node (that is, it forms a binary tree), and an unrooted bifurcating tree takes the form of an unrooted binary tree, a free tree with exactly three neighbors at each internal node. In contrast, a rooted multifurcating tree may have more than two children at some nodes and an unrooted multifurcating tree may have more than three neighbors at some nodes. A labeled tree has specific values assigned to its leaves, while an unlabeled tree, sometimes called a tree shape, defines a topology only. The number of possible trees for a given number of leaf nodes depends on the specific type of tree, but there are always more multifurcating than bifurcating trees, more labeled than unlabeled trees, and more rooted than unrooted trees. The last distinction is the most biologically relevant; it arises because there are many places on an unrooted tree to put the root. For labeled bifurcating trees, there are:
( 2 n − 3 ) ! ! = ( 2 n − 3 ) ! 2 n − 2 ( n − 2 ) ! for n ≥ 2 {\displaystyle (2n-3)!!={\frac {(2n-3)!}{2^{n-2}(n-2)!}}\,\,{\text{for}}\,n\geq 2}
total rooted trees and
( 2 n − 5 ) ! ! = ( 2 n − 5 ) ! 2 n − 3 ( n − 3 ) ! for n ≥ 3 {\displaystyle (2n-5)!!={\frac {(2n-5)!}{2^{n-3}(n-3)!}}\,\,{\text{for}}\,n\geq 3}
total unrooted trees, where n {\displaystyle n} represents the number of leaf nodes. Among labeled bifurcating trees, the number of unrooted trees with n {\displaystyle n} leaves is equal to the number of rooted trees with n − 1 {\displaystyle n-1} leaves.[6]
Special tree types [ edit ]
A spindle diagram, showing the evolution of the vertebrates at class level, width of spindles indicating number of families. Spindle diagrams are often used in evolutionary taxonomy
A dendrogram is a general name for a tree, whether phylogenetic or not, and hence also for the diagrammatic representation of a phylogenetic tree.[9]
A cladogram only represents a branching pattern; i.e., its branch spans do not represent time or relative amount of character change, and its internal nodes do not represent ancestors.[10]
A phylogram is a phylogenetic tree that has branch spans proportional to the amount of character change.[11]
A chronogram is a phylogenetic tree that explicitly represents time through its branch spans.[12]
A spindle diagram (often called a Romerogram after the American palaeontologist Alfred Romer) is the representation of the evolution and abundance of the various taxa through time, but is not an evolutionary tree.
A Dahlgrenogram is a diagram representing a cross-section of a phylogenetic tree
A phylogenetic network is not strictly speaking a tree, but rather a more general graph, or a directed acyclic graph in the case of rooted networks. They are used to overcome some of the limitations inherent to trees.
Construction [ edit ]
Phylogenetic trees composed with a nontrivial number of input sequences are constructed using computational phylogenetics methods. Distance-matrix methods such as neighbor-joining or UPGMA, which calculate genetic distance from multiple sequence alignments, are simplest to implement, but do not invoke an evolutionary model. Many sequence alignment methods such as ClustalW also create trees by using the simpler algorithms (i.e. those based on distance) of tree construction. Maximum parsimony is another simple method of estimating phylogenetic trees, but implies an implicit model of evolution (i.e. parsimony). More advanced methods use the optimality criterion of maximum likelihood, often within a Bayesian Framework, and apply an explicit model of evolution to phylogenetic tree estimation.[6] Identifying the optimal tree using many of these techniques is NP-hard,[6] so heuristic search and optimization methods are used in combination with tree-scoring functions to identify a reasonably good tree that fits the data.
Tree-building methods can be assessed on the basis of several criteria:[13]
efficiency (how long does it take to compute the answer, how much memory does it need?)
power (does it make good use of the data, or is information being wasted?)
consistency (will it converge on the same answer repeatedly, if each time given different data for the same model problem?)
robustness (does it cope well with violations of the assumptions of the underlying model?)
falsifiability (does it alert us when it is not good to use, i.e. when assumptions are violated?)
Tree-building techniques have also gained the attention of mathematicians. Trees can also be built using T-theory.[14]
Limitations of phylogenetic analysis [ edit ]
Although phylogenetic trees produced on the basis of sequenced genes or genomic data in different species can provide evolutionary insight, these analyses have important limitations. Most importantly, the trees that they generate are not necessarily correct – they do not necessarily accurately represent the evolutionary history of the included taxa. As with any scientific result, they are subject to falsification by further study (e.g., gathering of additional data, analyzing the existing data with improved methods). The data on which they are based may be noisy;[15] the analysis can be confounded by genetic recombination,[16] horizontal gene transfer,[17] hybridisation between species that were not nearest neighbors on the tree before hybridisation takes place, convergent evolution, and conserved sequences.
Also, there are problems in basing an analysis on a single type of character, such as a single gene or protein or only on morphological analysis, because such trees constructed from another unrelated data source often differ from the first, and therefore great care is needed in inferring phylogenetic relationships among species. This is most true of genetic material that is subject to lateral gene transfer and recombination, where different haplotype blocks can have different histories. In these types of analysis, the output tree of a phylogenetic analysis of a single gene is an estimate of the gene's phylogeny (i.e. a gene tree) and not the phylogeny of the taxa (i.e. species tree) from which these characters were sampled, though ideally, both should be very close. For this reason, serious phylogenetic studies generally use a combination of genes that come from different genomic sources (e.g., from mitochondrial or plastid vs. nuclear genomes), or genes that would be expected to evolve under different selective regimes, so that homoplasy (false homology) would be unlikely to result from natural selection.
When extinct species are included as terminal nodes in an analysis (rather than, for example, to constrain internal nodes), they are considered not to represent direct ancestors of any extant species. Extinct species do not typically contain high-quality DNA.
The range of useful DNA materials has expanded with advances in extraction and sequencing technologies. Development of technologies able to infer sequences from smaller fragments, or from spatial patterns of DNA degradation products, would further expand the range of DNA considered useful.
Phylogenetic trees can also be inferred from a range of other data types, including morphology, the presence or absence of particular types of genes, insertion and deletion events – and any other observation thought to contain an evolutionary signal.
Phylogenetic networks are used when bifurcating trees are not suitable, due to these complications which suggest a more reticulate evolutionary history of the organisms sampled.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Schuh, R. T. and A. V. Z. Brower. 2009. Biological Systematics: principles and applications (2nd edn.) ISBN 978-0-8014-4799-0
ISBN 978-0-8014-4799-0 Manuel Lima, The Book of Trees: Visualizing Branches of Knowledge , 2014, Princeton Architectural Press, New York.
, 2014, Princeton Architectural Press, New York. MEGA, a free software to draw phylogenetic trees.
Images [ edit ]
Braving intense radiation, NASA's Juno spacecraft successfully completed its first low-altitude swing around Jupiter early Saturday, passing within about 2,600 miles of the giant planet's cloud tops at a velocity of some 130,000 mph, the space agency said.
A single image posted on NASA's Juno web page showed a half-lighted Jupiter and its great red spot, along with numerous atmospheric bands and swirls. Much higher resolution images are expected to be posted in the next few weeks as mission scientists process downlinked data and telemetry.
During approach to Jupiter, NASA's Juno spacecraft captured this image of the giant planet's north polar region and great red spot. NASA
“Early post-flyby telemetry indicates that everything worked as planned and Juno is firing on all cylinders,” Rick Nybakken, Juno project manager at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif., said in a NASA statement.
Scott Bolton, the Juno principal investigator at the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio, Texas, said “we are in an orbit nobody has ever been in before, and these images give us a whole new perspective on this gas-giant world.”
Juno was launched Aug. 5, 2011, atop a United Launch Alliance Atlas 5 rocket. After an Earth flyby in 2013 to pick up additional speed, Juno headed into the outer solar system, braking into a highly elliptical orbit around Jupiter's poles on July 4.
On July 31, the solar-powered spacecraft reached the high point of that 53-day orbit and began falling back toward Jupiter, making its first post-capture close approach Saturday at 9:44 a.m. EDT (GMT-4).
Juno will fly through one more 53-day orbit before a critical Oct. 19 rocket firing that will drastically lower the high point of the ellipse, putting the spacecraft in a planned 14-day science orbit, repeatedly passing between 2,600 and 4,900 miles above Jupiter's cloud tops.
During the Jupiter orbit insertion maneuver July 4, Juno's camera and science instruments were turned off. But the full suite of instruments was operating Saturday, collecting data about Jupiter's deep interior, its powerful magnetic field, the radiation environment and the hidden structure of its stormy atmosphere.
“We are getting some intriguing early data returns as we speak,” Bolton said in the NASA statement. “It will take days for all the science data collected during the flyby to be downlinked and even more to begin to comprehend what Juno and Jupiter are trying to tell us.”
The image released Saturday was captured before the closest approach, at a distance of about 437,000 miles.
Americans who are “suspicious of centralized federal authority, reverent of individual liberty” deemed domestic threat
Paul Joseph Watson
Infowars.com
Wednesday, July 4, 2012
A new study funded by the Department of Homeland Security characterizes Americans who are “suspicious of centralized federal authority,” and “reverent of individual liberty” as “extreme right-wing” terrorists.
Entitled Hot Spots of Terrorism and Other Crimes in the United States, 1970-2008 (PDF), the study was produced by the National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism at the University of Maryland. The organization was launched with the aid of DHS funding to the tune of $12 million dollars.
While largely omitting Islamic terrorism – the report fails completely to mention the 1993 World Trade Center bombing – the study focuses on Americans who hold beliefs shared by the vast majority of conservatives and libertarians and puts them in the context of radical extremism.
The report takes its definitions from a 2011 study entitled Profiles of Perpetrators of Terrorism, produced by the National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism, in which the following characteristics are used to identify terrorists.
– Americans who believe their “way of life” is under attack;
– Americans who are “fiercely nationalistic (as opposed to universal and international in orientation)”;
– People who consider themselves “anti-global” (presumably those who are wary of the loss of American sovereignty);
– Americans who are “suspicious of centralized federal authority”;
– Americans who are “reverent of individual liberty”;
– People who “believe in conspiracy theories that involve grave threat to national sovereignty and/or personal liberty.”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:74}
The report also lists people opposed to abortion and “groups that seek to smite the purported enemies of God and other evildoers” as terrorists.
As we have exhaustively documented on numerous occasions, federal authorities and particularly the Department of Homeland Security have been involved in producing a deluge of literature which portrays liberty lovers and small government advocates as terrorists.
The most flagrant example was the infamous 2009 MIAC report, published by the Missouri Information Analysis Center and first revealed by Infowars, which framed Ron Paul supporters, libertarians, people who display bumper stickers, people who own gold, or even people who fly a U.S. flag, as potential terrorists.
The rush to denounce legitimate political beliefs as thought crimes, or even mundane behaviors, by insinuating they are shared by terrorists, has accelerated in recent months.
Under the FBI's Communities Against Terrorism program, the bulk purchase of food is labeled as a potential indication of terrorist activity, as is using cash to pay for a cup of coffee, and showing an interest in web privacy when using the Internet in a public place.
As we have documented on numerous occasions, the federal government routinely characterizes mundane behavior as extremist activity or a potential indicator of terrorist intent. As part of its ‘See Something, Say Something' campaign, the Department of Homeland Security educates the public that generic activities performed by millions of people every day, including using a video camera, talking to police officers, wearing hoodies, driving vans, writing on a piece of paper, and using a cell phone recording application,” are all potential signs of terrorist activity.
The DHS stoked controversy last year when it released a series of videos to promote the See Something, Say Something campaign in which almost all of the terrorists portrayed in the PSAs were white Americans.
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor and writer for Prison Planet.com.  They are the author of Order Out Of Chaos. Watson is also a regular fill-in host for The Alex Jones Show and Infowars Nightly News.
About
To back us click the green button that says "Back this Project". It is located above in the right side. Or click on any of the Pledges to the right
Our Story
Klaxon Howl has been a staple of the Toronto clothing scene since 2005, and now we are looking to expand into New York with either a permanent brick and mortar store, or at least a 2-3 month pop-up shop.
Designer Matt Robinson's inspirations come from the spirit and icons of the past. Men who toiled and the clothes that protected them. Frontiersmen and Prospectors, Soldiers and Sailors, Aviators and Highwaymen, American Indians and Cattlemen and the film idols that portrayed them. They study and references their ever growing archive of vintage garments, books and films for details, fit, fabrics and finishes. Constructed using methods barely in use in contemporary garment manufacturing - such as triple chainstiching, bar tacking, flat felled seams, etc. - and all made in Canada using North American and Japanese fabrics.
Manufacturing in Toronto
Klaxon Howl prides itself on using the best manufacturing available in Canada.
Klaxon Howl Toronto Store
The Klaxon Howl store has been open since 2005, designed and built by Matt Robinson.
Store Press
The New York Times - "36 Hours in Toronto"
Conde Naste Traveller - "Weekend Break in Toronto"
About Matt Robinson
Matt Robinson is the owner and Designer of Klaxon Howl.
Sam Jackson backstage at the Klaxon Howl F/W11 show in Toronto Fashion week. photo credit: Kevin Bryan
The Toronto Star - "From High School Dropout, a Triumph of Taste"
Sharp Magazine - "Heroes of Menswear"
Selectism - "A Conversation with Klaxon Howl's Matt Robinson"
Klaxon Howl collaboration with Matt Barnes
One of Canada's top photographer's, Matt Barnes, has an ongoing collaboration with Klaxon Howl for our lookbooks, going back over 5 seasons with award winning photography and amazing location and studio work.
SS11
FW 11
SS 12
FW 12
Rewards
**** PLEASE SEE THE SIZE CHARTS FOR ALL CLOTHING IN THE UPDATES SECTION!
#1 Copy of Frontlines newsprint photo book for a pledge of $8
Inventory Magazine-
http://www.inventorymagazine.com/updates/front-lines.html
Frontlines, by Brendan Meadows and Matt Robinson. A photo book inspired by Robert Capa's indelible scenes of the first "media war". These images remind us that the camaraderie born among men and women during conflict often reveal moments of disarming grace and beauty amidst unspeakable tragedy.
This book was shot by Brendan Meadows, George Moreira and Simon Willms. and published by Ikigai Editions in 2010. Photographs in three formats depicting cadre from a multi national irregular liberation army joined with a common goal.
Original uniforms, equipment and weapons used in Frontlines are from designer Matt Robinson collection and range from the Great War (WWI) to the Korean War era. 1914 to 1953. Many have been inspirational pieces in the design of past Klaxon Howl collection
# 2 Custom made embroidered Klaxon Howl "TRY" or "Heavy Howlers" patch for a pledge of $10
This patch will only be available for Kickstarter pledges.. Red, Gold, Black & White embroidery on a Twill background
#3 "Khmer" Scarf. Available in Red and Black for a pledge of $18
Khmer scarf in Red or Black check. 100% cotton. Hand woven in Vietnam.
#4 The Famous Klaxon Howl "Watch Cap" in one of Red, Black, Navy, Olive or Grey for a pledge of $28
#5 Original Klaxon Tees for a pledge of $35
"Ghost" Tee. 100% 7oz. cotton jersey.
"Po Hang Landing" Tee. 100% 7oz. cotton jersey.
"Bomb" and "Howl'n Seabees" Tees. 100% 7oz. cotton jersey.
#6 A print of one of 4 Matt Barnes shots (seen above in the KH MB collaboration) choose from SS11, FW11, SS12 or FW12
#8 Klaxon Howl Canadian Cotton Flannel "CPO" Shirt in Navy or the "PBY" Black flannel. For a pledge of $79
CPO navy
PBY black
Typical Klaxon Howl shirt details. Double needle chain stitch, single straight stitch construction. Bar tacking at points of strain. Gusseted side seams.
#9 "Tiger" short for a pledge of $85
"Tiger" short in "Tigerstripe Products" Vietnam tigerstripe camouflage in rip stop cotton. Double needle chain stitch and single straight stitch construction. Bar tacking at points of strain. Keyhole buttonholes. Zipper fly. Cats eye buttons. Adjustable
#11 & 12 The Klaxon Howl "Utility" Shirt in Black Chambray or the "Big Yank" in a brushed Japanese Blue Chambray. For a pledge of $98
"Utility" shirt in black Japanese 100% cotton chambray. Double needle chain stitch, single straight stitch construction. Bar tacking at points of strain Gusseted side seams. Black cats eye buttons.
"Big Yank" Shirt in Japanese 100% cotton chambray. Re-enforced elbows. Bellowed tobacco/pen pocket. Chinstrap. Double needle chain stitch and single needle straight stitch construction. Bar tacking at points of strain. Gusseted side seams. Four hole dish
#13 The Iconic Klaxon Howl "Imperial Vest" Navy Cotton Duck for a pledge of $105
"Imperial" waistcoat in U.S. 100% soft cotton duck. Contrasting Japanese blue chambray back cinch and facing. Herringbone cotton twill tape finished seams. Cats eye buttons.
#10 "Cali Slim" Indigo or Black Denim for a pledge of $85
"CALI SLIM" Japanese 11oz non selvage denim. 100% cotton deep tone 100% indigo dye. Two tone contrasting yellow and gold thread. Double needle chain stitched flat feld seams. Single needle straight and chain stitching. Bar tacking at points of strain.
6 copper rivets at front pocket edges. Hair on Steer hide back waist patch. Contrasting Japanese blue chambray pocket bags and waistband. Hand stencilled Klaxon Howl and stamped # sizing on inside waist band.
"CALI SLIM" Black Japanese 100% cotton non selvage yarn dyed denim. Tone on tone black thread. Double needle chain stitched flat feld seams. Single needle straight and chain stitching. Bar tacking at points of strain.
Black oxidized copper riveted front pockets. Black ox brass donut button fly. Black rough out leather waist patch. Contrasting Japanese black chambray pocket bags and waistband. Hand stencilled Klaxon Howl and stamped # sizing on inner waistband.
"Cali Slim" with hand chain stitched back pocket detail. Hair on Steer hide back waist patch. Two tone yellow and gold contrast stitching.
"Cali Slim" Details. Double needle flat feld chain stitching in contrast two tone yellow and gold thread. Brass black ox donut buttons. Hand stenciled Klaxon Howl and stamped sizing on contrasting chambray waistband. Copper riveted front pockets.
"Cali Slim" 11oz. Japanese deep tone indigo denim with chain stitch hem. 28" to 38" waist and all 36" inseam. True straight leg so leg opening does not change diameter with hemming.
# 14 "Cali Slims" 13oz Selvage denim $126
"CALI SLIM" Japanese red selvage vintage denim. 100% cotton mid tone 100% indigo dye. Two tone contrasting yellow and gold thread. Double needle chain stitched flat feld seams. Single needle straight and chain stitching. Bar tacking at points of strain.
6 copper rivets at front pocket edges. Hair on Steer hide back waist patch. Contrasting Japanese blue chambray pocket bags and waistband. Hand stencilled Klaxon Howl and stamped # sizing on inside waist band.
#16 Suits. The "Palm Beach" Soft Stone Brushed Twill in Stone or in lighweight hopsack cotton for a pledge of $495
"Palm Beach" blazer. Japanese 100% cotton two tone twill in the colour stone. Viscose lining. 2 cats eye button front. 3 patch pocket front with one interior chest pocket.
"Palm Beach" trouser. Japanese 100% two tone brushed cotton twill in the colour stone. Cats eye button fly. 2 slash front pockets and 2 back pockets. 1 with cats eye button closure. Cuffed hem.
"Jimmy" jacket. Japanese 100% slub cotton hopsack in slate brown. Viscose lining. 2 cats eye button up front. 2 pleated lower front patch pockets.1 cats eye button closed front chest pocket. 1 interior chest pocket. Viscose lining.
Are non-inclusive safe spaces—ones designed for members of a specific minority—bastions of toleration? Not at the Claremont Colleges.
One of the more curious demands made by activists students in the past few months has been the repeated call for segregated safe spaces: places where black students, Latino students, female students, etc., could go to feel comfortable and protected. Such spaces are often closed to people who don't belong to the group, even if those people are supportive. At the University of Missouri, for instance, students of color formed a blacks-only healing space, and asked white allies to leave. If the space were to be invaded by members of an out-group, it would become unsafe—that's the thinking.
The Claremont Independent, a conservative student newspaper of the Claremont Colleges, recently obtained screenshots from a virtual safe space: 5C Women of Color, a Facebook group for black female students at the colleges. The group was private. It no longer exists—the women shut it down after they discovered that the Independent was planning to run an article about it.
I don't really want to shame these young women, who probably never expected that their conversations would become fully public. And I'm sure context would mitigate the offensiveness of some of their remarks.
But the reality is undeniable: this so-called safe space is just really racist. One woman, an Asian student, referred to Asian men as "nerdy ones who can just hide in their tech caves" and "they get all angry when it comes to how Asian men are asexualized/emasculated." Another female student, who works for the Asian American Resource Center and sits on the mental health committee, commented, "F*ck your masculinity whiny Asian cis bros this is why I only hang out with femmes."
This person agreed to an interview with the Independent, so I will quote them by name:
"As a feminine gay Asian woman," Kristine Lee told the Independent, "I'm not interested in surrounding myself with the kind of possessive, toxic masculinity exhibited by the type of Asian American men we were discussing in the post."
Other students talked about their unwillingness to enroll in classes that would be "dominated by white men." Another student didn't want to take a class that was taught by a conservative professor of color.
One student, who had been adopted, complained about their white parents. Another responded by making fun of white people's paleness and receding hairlines.
It was okay to make fun of white people because they were responsible for colonialism, said another.
Again, these students are entitled to their feelings. They may have had really bad experiences with white and Asian men—and conservative black professors—that validate their feelings. But they are clearly demeaning entire categories of people based on specific negative interactions. Is this not a kind of racism?
One of the purposes of a college education is to undermine racist and collectivist thinking by exposing students to the uniqueness and intrinsic worth of all people, regardless of skin color, gender, sexuality, ability status, etc. Imagine a student from a socially conservative background meeting an out-gay person for the first time and developing a new attitude about gay rights, or a militant atheist learning to empathize with devout followers of Christianity or Islam, or a Midwesterner developing an appreciation for Chinese culture after taking a class about it. This is the public good that college is supposed to facilitate.
But if students break off into groups based on immutable identity—and constantly reaffirm their prejudices about members of other identity-based groups—they aren't just missing the point of college: they are actively working against it.
Students, of course, have free speech and assembly rights, and should be allowed to sort themselves into whatever groups they want (even at Harvard). It should go without saying, but I don't think Claremont should take any action against these students or discourage their activities. But the next time students demand a formal race-based safe space—they have already done so at Western Washington University, the University of Arizona, and other places—the public should keep in mind that there are good reasons to rebuff them.
Nicholas West
Activist Post
Micro Air Vehicles (MAV) are the official name for the growing array of tiny robots that have begun to take flight. The reconstruction of nature is seen by researchers as the best way to introduce MAV on a wide scale. A group of even smaller surveillance drones called NAV (nano air vehicles) already have been commissioned based on this final hurdle being overcome: mapleseed drones; sparrow drones by 2015, and dragonfly drones to fly in swarms by 2030. Or how about a sky full of drones modeled from jellyfish?
RoboBee already has taken flight in search of an answer for autonomous pollination, search and rescue, hazardous exploration, military surveillance, climate mapping, and traffic monitoring – to name a few of the slated functions.
The scientific propaganda for the development of these drones is always important to note, as it represents how these will be sold to a lay audience unfamiliar with military applications. The press release below comes from 14 research teams currently tasked with introducing mini-drones to the elements so that they can eventually fly right alongside nature in any environment. As drone expert, P.W. Singer said, “At this point, it doesn't really matter if you are against the technology, because it's coming.” According to Singer, “The miniaturization of drones is where it really gets interesting. You can use these things anywhere, put them anyplace, and the target will never even know they're being watched.”
Hidden in plain sight.
Based on the mechanisms adopted by birds, bats, insects and snakes, 14 distinguished research teams have developed solutions to some of the common problems that drones could be faced with when navigating through an urban environment and performing novel tasks for the benefit of society. (emphasis added)
This one statement leaves very little doubt that it's full steam ahead for permitting military development to once again trickle into everyday life.
Here is how the Air Force envisions using these vehicles. Please keep this video in mind when reading about all of the “benefits” that are addressed as the press release concludes below.
***
Whether this is avoiding obstacles, picking up and delivering items or improving the take-off and landing on tricky surfaces, it is hoped the solutions can lead to the deployment of drones in complex urban environments in a number of different ways, from military surveillance and search and rescue efforts to flying camera phones and reliable courier services. For this, drones need exquisite flight control.
The research teams have presented their work today, 23 May, in a special issue of IOP Publishing's journal Bioinspiration and Biomimetics, devoted to bio-inspired flight control.
The first small drones have already been used in search and rescue operations to investigate difficult-to-reach and hazardous areas, such as in Fukushima, Japan. A research team from Hungary believe these efforts could be improved if robots are able to work in tandem, and have developed an algorithm that allows a number of drones to fly together like a flock of birds.
The effectiveness of the algorithm was demonstrated by using it to direct the movements of a flock of nine individual quadcopters whilst they followed a moving car.
While this collective movement may be helpful when searching vast expanses of land, a group of researchers from Harvard University have developed a millimetre-sized drone with a view to using it to explore extremely cramped and tight spaces.
The microrobot they designed, which was the size of a one cent coin, could take off and land and hover in the air for sustained periods of time. In their new paper, the researchers have demonstrated the first simple, fly-like manoeuvres. In the future, millimetre-sized drones could also be used in assisted agriculture pollination and reconnaissance, and could aid future studies of insect flight.
Once deployed into the real world, drones will be faced with the extremely tricky task of dealing with the elements, which could be extreme heat, the freezing cold, torrential rain or thunderstorms.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
The most challenging problem for airborne robots will be strong winds and whirlwinds, which a research team, from the University of North Caroline at Chapel Hill, University of California and The Johns Hopkins University, have begun to tackle by studying the hawk moth.
In their study, the researchers flew hawk moths through a number of different whirlwind conditions in a vortex chamber, carefully examining the mechanisms that the hawk moths used to successfully regain flight control.
Researchers must also find a way of reducing the amount of power that is required to operate drones, which a team from the Université de Sherbrooke and Stanford University have achieved by creating a “jumpglider”.
Inspired by vertebrates like the flying squirrel, the flying fish and the flying snake, which use their aerodynamic bodies to extend their jumping range to avoid predators, the “jumpglider” combines an aeroplane-shaped body with a spring-based mechanical foot that propels the robot into the air.
The researchers believe the “jumpglider” can be used in search and rescue efforts, operating at low power and offering a significant advantage over land-based robots by being able to navigate around obstacles and over rough terrain.
In their opening editorial, Guest Editor of the special issue, Dr David Lentink, from Stanford University, writes: “Flying animals can be found everywhere in our cities. From scavenging pigeons to alcohol-sniffing fruit flies that make precision landings on our wine glasses, these animals have quickly learnt how to control their flight through urban environments to exploit our resources.
“To enable our drones to fly equally well in wind and clutter, we need to solve several flight control challenges during all flight phases: take-off, cruising, and landing.
“This special issue provides a unique integration between biological studies of animals and bio-inspired engineering solutions. Each of the 14 papers presented in this special issue offer a unique perspective on bio-mimetic flight, providing insights and solutions to the take-off, obstacle avoidance, in-flight grasping, swarming, and landing capabilities that urban drones need to succeed.”
From Thursday 23 May, the special issue can be downloaded for free from http://iopscience.iop.org/1748-3190/9/2
The Hartz concept, also known as Hartz reforms or the Hartz plan, is a set of recommendations submitted by a committee on reforms to the German labour market in 2002. Named after the head of the committee, Peter Hartz, these recommendations went on to become part of the German government's Agenda 2010 series of reforms, known as Hartz I – Hartz IV. The committee devised thirteen "innovation modules", which recommended changes to the German labour market system. These were then gradually put into practice: The measures of Hartz I – III were undertaken between January 1, 2003, and 2004, while Hartz IV was implemented on January 1, 2005.
The "Hartz Committee" was founded on February 22, 2002, by the federal government of Germany led then by Gerhard Schröder. Its official name was Kommission für moderne Dienstleistungen am Arbeitsmarkt (Committee for Modern Services in the Labour Market). The 15-member committee was chaired by Peter Hartz, then Volkswagen's personnel director.
Hartz I, II, and III [ edit ]
Hartz I and II both came into effect on January 1, 2003, aiming at making new types of jobs easier to create, and covered, for example:
Hartz I
The foundation of "Staff Services agencies" ( Personal-Service-Agenturen or PSAs).
or PSAs). Support for vocational further education from the German Federal Labour Agency.
Subsistence payments by the Federal Labour Agency.
Hartz II
New types of employment, Minijob and Midijob, with lower or gradually rising taxes and insurance payments.
A grant for entrepreneurs, known as the "Ich-AG" ( Me, Inc. ).
). A rise in the number of job centres.
Hartz III
Hartz III came into effect on January 1, 2004. This measure was aimed at restructuring and reforming Job Centres, whose name was changed from the Bundesanstalt für Arbeit or Arbeitsamt (Federal Labour Institution), to the Bundesagentur für Arbeit or Agentur für Arbeit (Federal Labour Agency).
Hartz IV [ edit ]
The fourth stage of the reform was voted in by the Bundestag on December 16, 2003 and by the Bundesrat on July 9, 2004, to take effect by January 1, 2005.
This part of the reforms brought together the former unemployment benefits for long-term unemployed ('Arbeitslosenhilfe') and the welfare benefits ('Sozialhilfe'), leaving them both at approximately the lower level of the former Sozialhilfe (social assistance). The level for a single person was €374 per month (known as the Regelsatz). This was subsequently raised to €391 per month, in 2013.[1] Added to this is the financial assistance with housing and health care. Couples can receive benefits for each partner plus their children.
Prior to 2005, between 12 and 36 months (depending upon the claimant's age and work history) of their full unemployment benefit (60 to 67% of the previous net salary) were followed by the Arbeitslosenhilfe (unemployment assistance), amounting to 53 to 57% of the last net salary. Since 2008, eligibility for the full unemployment benefit (renamed Arbeitslosengeld in 2005 and commonly referred to as Arbeitslosengeld I in everyday German to contrast it with the lower benefits discussed below) has been restricted to 12 months in general, 15 months for those aged 50 or older, 18 months for those 55 or older and 24 months for those 58 or older.
This is now followed by the (usually much lower) Arbeitslosengeld II (Hartz IV) benefits if the claimant meets eligibility requirements.
Whether or not a claimant is eligible for Arbeitslosengeld II depends on their or their savings, life insurance and the income of spouse or partner. If these assets are below a threshold level, a claimant can get money from the state. The threshold level in July 2008 was €150 for free assets (at least €3,100) and €250 for fixed retirement assets, both calculated per capita and lifetime year.[2] Additionally, every employable individual in a communal household (persons living in and depending on the resources of the claimant), can have one car worth about €7,500 and a self-used house of 130 square meters living space (more if there are other people in the common household).
To receive payments, a claimant must agree to a contract subject to public law. This contract outlines what they are obliged to do to improve their job situation, and when the state is obliged to help. An unemployed person may be required to accept any kind of legal job. This compulsion is restricted by constitutional rights, like freedom of movement, freedom of family, marriage and human dignity. If taking on a specific placement is deemed reasonable by the responsible agency, not applying will result in a reduction or even complete suspension of the appropriate payment.
Within the Arbeitslosengeld II schemes, the state covers the health insurance of the unemployed. Until the end of 2010, payments towards the pension scheme of the claimant were also made.
It is possible to earn income from a job and receive Arbeitslosengeld II benefits at the same time. Job income is debited from Arbeitslosengeld II payments according to a formula that leaves a certain amount of the additional revenue untouched. These revenues are: a certain amount of savings (which increases with age); €100 plus 20 percent of the wage up to €800 plus 10% of the wage up to €1200 (up to €1500 if there are children). Through this mechanism Arbeitslosengeld II can be regarded as a sort of minimum wage floor for employees without assets, where the minimum wage is not fully paid by the employer but assured by the state. There are criticisms that this defies competition and leads to a downward spiral in wages and the loss of full-time jobs.
The Hartz IV reform merged the federal level unemployment agency with the local level welfare administration. This facilitated a better, case-oriented approach to helping unemployed people find work and improve their situations. The plan's objective is to reduce caseloads from 400 unemployed persons per agent to not more than 75 (aged 25 or less), or not more than 150 persons over the age of 25. For difficult cases, dedicated case managers may be deployed. Legally, however, the agencies remain separate.
The Hartz IV reforms continue to attract criticism in Germany, despite a considerable reduction in short- and long-term unemployment. This reduction has led to some claims of success for the Hartz reforms. Others say the actual unemployment figures are not comparable because many people work part-time or are not included in the statistics for other reasons, such as the number of children that live in Hartz IV households, which has risen to record numbers.
About 7 million people get Hartz IV benefits, of which 2.2 million are unemployed.[3] The budget is estimated to be 20 bn euro.[4]
The Hartz IV reforms formed one of the main foundations of Germany's subsequent economic boom.[5]
In April 2018 more than half, at 55%, of the recipients had a migration background.[6] According to the Federal Employment Agency (German: Bundesagentur für Arbeit) this was due to the migrants lacking either employable skills or knowledge of the language.[7]
Cultural impact [ edit ]
Although the official term for long-term unemployment benefits is still Arbeitslosengeld II, most Germans, even news programmes and politicians in parliament, refer to it as Hartz IV. The term was voted German Word of the Year 2004 by the Society for the German Language.[8] Earlier, in 2002, the term Ich-AG (another Hartz measure, see above) had been chosen as the German Un-Word of the Year by a jury of linguistic scholars.
Meanwhile, Hartz IV has become a synonym for the class of non-working poor and is used as a prefix in multiple contexts (e.g. low-brow daytime television programmes are called "Hartz IV TV" by critics).
See also [ edit ]
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 23/6/2014 (1709 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Next time police go into a high risk situation --- maybe even right this very minute --- specially-trained and outfitted paramedics will be right beside them.
The tactical emergency support team (TEMS) unit has 10 members each decked out in the same 70 pounds of protective equipment that police wear, including helmets, vests, shin guards, and gas masks.
Until now, paramedics have had to hang back at least a half a block away while police dealt with serious situations, often with someone already injured.
Advanced tactical paramedic Dan Aitken told reporters this afternoon that it will be akin to being a combat medic. They'll be stationed at Portage Avenue, performing normal duties until there's a crisis call.
All-Inclusive Dominican Republic Vacation
The gated community of Playa Dorada on the Dominican Republic's northern coast features two casinos, an open-air shopping center, and a designer golf course. Also located on the grounds of this 247-acre beachfront community: the Gran Ventana Beach Resort, a sprawling, all-inclusive property with more than 500 guest rooms. Despite its imposing size, the resort gets high marks for customer service—reviewers consistently praise the courteous staff, the poolside drink and towel service, and the range of kid-friendly activities available onsite.
Snorkeling, windsurfing, kayaking, and sailing are all covered in the all-inclusive package.
are all covered in the all-inclusive package. Dining options include authentic Caribbean at Octopus Gourmet Restaurant and fresh seafood at Ocean Grill.
include authentic Caribbean at Octopus Gourmet Restaurant and fresh seafood at Ocean Grill. Discounted golf at the Robert Trent Jones-designed Dorada Golf Course
at the Robert Trent Jones-designed Dorada Golf Course Family fun : Rent complimentary bikes from the hotel and explore the complex, or watch an animated movie screened at the hotel.
: Rent complimentary bikes from the hotel and explore the complex, or watch an animated movie screened at the hotel. Adults-only disco nights at a popular nightclub within walking distance of the hotel
Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic: Waterfalls, Beaches, and Centuries-Old Historical Sites
Situated on the northern coast of the Dominican Republic, Puerto Plata is best known for its sun-kissed beaches. But the province has several breathtaking geographical features inland as well. Damajagua is a natural water park of sorts—it features 27 waterfalls flowing from limestone rock formations. Tour guides lead groups through the falls, and you can swim and occasionally slide down the natural water slides.
You can get an aerial view of Puerto Plata and the Caribbean Sea on a teleférico, or cable car. One of them climbs 2,565 feet to the apex of Mount Isabel de Torres, which is crowned with blooming botanical gardens and a replica of Rio de Janeiro's massive Christ the Redeemer statue. It's also worth it to take a scenic drive to Parque Histórico La Isabela, where you'll find the remains of a church as well as ruins of a colonial village where Columbus routinely woke their neighbors by blasting the Santa Maria's foghorn.
Love to travel? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter for travel tips, inspiration, and photos from around the world.
Women Are Not Powerless - Page 2
Simon and Schuster
(page 2)
I don't think AA should have the lock on the market, so to speak, but I do think it has use and validity. Part of what is so useful about AA is that it involves peers helping other peers, as opposed to being a downward-looking solution. AA was the first to really de-stigmatize alcoholism in terms if it being a moral issue, and so I think it can be really helpful to women, or anyone, to think “Oh, I'm not bad.” You mentioned loneliness as a big trigger for alcoholism in your book, and I do think AA addresses this in a way that talking to a doctor cannot. But I also agree with you about the drawbacks for women, or any oppressed minority, of having to yet again say “I surrender! I'm powerless!” That's something that's not talked about enough and I really appreciate that you did address it.
I was at a meeting in San Francisco, and there were so many gay, and lesbian, and transgender, bi, people of color, and I thought – I'm a middle class white woman with a college education, and these people are not, so the idea that they're having to say over and over and over again that they're powerless, and to examine their flaws – I think a lot of us are pretty aware of our flaws in the first place, and if it's helpful for people, if they really did terrible things while under the influence, or things that they're ashamed of, then go for it, but I know a lot of women who were really ground down by that experience – it made them feel worse. I have suffered from depression in the past, and I know that when you feel like crap, you are already repeating that in your head about what a rotten person you are. That's the news crawl of your brain already, you don't need to be led to have to do that, because that's all you're hearing. And while it was a milestone for those men at that period of time, to acknowledge, “Hey, we don't have control over this,” it's a different society today, and that's one thing I wanted to point out.
I think the other side of that coin is that Alcoholics Anonymous is about ceding control over one's drinking, and the subtitle of your book is about regaining control. Many people do not feel they have any control over their alcohol use, and have tried to control it, for years, and so saying, “This is something I cannot actually control,” is not necessarily a giving up of ego, but actually a way to empower oneself, and get help.
I understand that, but at the same time, I heard many times in AA, in the meetings that I went to and certainly from many of the people that I spoke to, that “You're arrogant. You're being arrogant again. There's your ego again.” You know, one woman, they said, “Oh, I'm so happy, I'm so proud of myself, and the group just brought them down, because they were allowed to be proud of their sobriety chip, but she's not allowed to be proud of a promotion that she'd gotten? I have to respectfully challenge the idea that your ego is that negative of a thing.
Where would you go if you had a problem?
I would go to a female doctor who's trained in the most modern aspects to understand and help me tailor a program that would be best for myself. I would also learn how I could control my anxiety, which as an older woman, I've learned to do. I would try SMART Recovery, I would try Charlotte Kasl's sixteen-step program. To me, of all things, it kind of makes the most sense. They're not about powerlessness, they're about using your own intuition. It's about finding your own internal strengths, and willpower. It's the opposite message. It's cognitive behavioral therapy for yourself. And cognitive behavioral therapy has been shown to be the most effective modality for depression, for anxiety, for so many things. You can argue that AA does employ some because you're going to meetings, you're stepping away from your triggers, you're reminding yourself.
But another thing that perplexed me when I did go was that if you haven't had a drink in 32 years, and you go to meetings four times a week, and you still remember the last time you were drunk, and you want that, if it works for you, then great, please don't think I'm making judgments, but why is that necessary? Why is it necessary to repeat for 32 years that same story? To me it feels like negative self-reinforcement. The other groups do seem much more positive and open to new language, open to using medication in addition to the program as it is set, and I know in AA, technically the people are not supposed to warn against using medication, but that is something else I've heard a great deal of as well, that you weren't going to be sober if you take antidepressants, you weren't going to be sober if you went to the dentist and you needed Novocaine. I heard those stories many times. One woman at a meeting was extremely anxious because they had to get a root canal and what was they going to do, and their sponsor told them “Don't let them give you anything for the pain.” And they were so worked up with anxiety about getting the root canal, and not having anything for the pain, that they had a slip.
My perception of the women that you interviewed and wrote about is that they are predominantly middle-aged middle class white women who “drink too much,” who aren't what I would term full-blown alcoholics: most of them haven't lost anything, most of them are just waking up with headaches.
Overwhelmingly the women who are getting into trouble with their drinking are white, and many of the women who had lost something didn't end up in the book because they were still struggling, and my editor wanted to show people hopeful ways out.
The research shows that the women who are getting into trouble the most are white college educated women. Latinas are keeping right up with white women, because they're coming here, especially if they're fairly new, they have all of the pressures of their own cultural expectations, and they're trying to make money, and they're trying to succeed in a culture that has very different messages. Alcohol companies are definitely targeting Latinas. If you go to Washington Heights, it's appalling, you see ads for alcohol pops that are passion fruit flavored, or coconut flavored. It's like “Hey chicas!” And black women suffer from alcohol dependence as well, but not in the same numbers that white women do, and the epidemiologists believe that that's for religious reasons, that there are so many women who have strong religious identities, and their religions prohibit alcohol. So, it may look narrow, and I tried to explain why it is narrow, because white middle class women are closest to the power center, and they're drinking like those men, and they're having those problems because their bodies aren't able to handle the alcohol.
What changes would you like to see?
I want people to know that there are many different tools, and there are many different options. That's the goal of the book, that if you find yourself getting into trouble, it doesn't mean that this is necessarily a lifelong diagnosis. It might be, but there are many different ways to get better. You can moderate. There's research showing that that works. Other people say, if you suggest that people have controlled drinking and they limit the number of drinks they have a week, well that means you're an alcoholic. Then all of France, and all of Spain and all of Italy are. They keep a tally, in their heads, of what they drink – does that mean that everyone in those nations is a functional alcoholic? I don't think so. I want people to realize that you can stop yourself, you can step back, that you're not going to necessarily have to get on that one trajectory of the Jellinek's curve, that just because you can see yourself on that curve doesn't mean you're going to end up there. Some people get better after they hit bottom, but you can intervene early just as you would with asthma, or with high cholesterol, with more effective treatments. We need to have a culture that approaches moderation in a different way. And I think even our guidelines, the U.S. guidelines for safe drinking, they're certainly lower than everywhere else in the industrialized world, and moderate alcohol use is associated with higher longevity in many different studies. So why do we have the one drink? For a lot of women that's when their drinking becomes secretive, because they drink more than one drink, they know that the U.S. government says that's bad, or their doctor says that's bad, or that means they have a problem, so that's when it starts to go underground.
So according to that, these women don't actually have a problem; it's a problem with language more than a problem with drinking.
I do think we have a problem with language. And part of it is the word “alcoholic.” And that is something that is kind of old-fashioned, it's kind of like “nervous breakdown.” And it's also an identity that I think a lot of people are afraid of. That admission might be really helpful for some, but isn't it possible that people just be recovered? “I used to have a bad habit, and I changed my ways.” I think that's a much more empowering way of thinking.
Hallie Hart Hodenfield is a regular contributor to The Fix. They last wrote about Colin Broderick and Mika Brzezinski.
A Canadian man was struck and killed on a Downtown Pittsburgh street early Wednesday morning, according to police.
The incident happened about 2:45 a.m. on Ninth Street, according to Public Safety spokesperson Emily Schaffer.
Stephen Antenucci, 42, of Ontario, Canada, was struck as they crossed the street. They were taken to Allegheny General Hospital where they were pronounced dead at 2:56 a.m., a supervisor at the Allegheny County Medical Examiner's Office said.
An autopsy showed that they died of a blunt impact injury to the head. The medical examiner's office ruled their death an accident.
Schaffer said Antenucci crossed the street mid-block, and there was no designated crosswalk.
The 26-year-old driver remained at the scene. They were uninjured, Schaffer said.
Police are continuing to investigate, and no charges have been filed.
Megan Guza is a Tribune-Review staff reporter. You can contact Megan at 412-380-8519, mguza@tribweb.com or via Twitter .
Photo
Teenagers can significantly lower their likelihood of being overweight or obese by walking or biking to school and playing on at least one high school sports team, but preferably two or more, a new study suggests.
Though the spread of childhood obesity in the last decade has spurred health authorities to ramp up their efforts to promote youth activity, the new findings are among the first to demonstrate that walking or riding a bike to school actually has an impact on weight gain among high school students. The study also found that while school-based exercise can reduce or stem weight gain, it is sports participation in particular that makes a difference. Physical education classes, the researchers found, did not reduce or prevent weight gain, likely because they do not offer students the same level of regular, challenging exercise as competitive sports.
“I think being a part of some kind of team or organization gives kids the opportunity to have moderate to vigorous activity consistently,” said Keith M. Drake, an author of the study and a postdoctoral research fellow at the Hood Center for Children and Families at the Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth. “I think a lot of time physical education requirements are not that strict. Kids are not in P.E. that often, and when they are, the physical activity is not that strenuous.”
In their study, which was published in the journal Pediatrics, Dr. Drake and their colleagues tried to quantify the impact that greater sports participation and less reliance on mass transit might have on childhood obesity. They calculated that if all adolescents played on at least two sports teams per year — in other words, one team per season — obesity rates would plunge 26 percent and the prevalence of overweight adolescents would fall by 11 percent. And if all adolescents walked or biked to school at least four days a week, they found, the number who were obese would drop by 22 percent.
Nationwide, about a third of high school students are overweight or obese, a figure that has prompted federal efforts to boost physical activity of any kind among teenagers. Health officials recommend that children get an average of about one hour a day of moderate to vigorous activity, but most fall far short of that.
One of the government's most recent efforts to boost adolescent exercise was a $100 million-a-year program called Safe Routes to School, which targets the way students commute. In 2001, less than 16 percent of children between 5 and 15 walked, biked or “actively” commuted to school, compared with about 50 percent of youngsters in that age range 40 years ago. Created in 2005, Safe Routes aims to boost those numbers by helping communities build more sidewalks, bike paths and other “pedestrian friendly” routes.
Yet past studies have generally found that while walking and biking to school increases physical activity levels, it has little or no impact on body weight. Dr. Drake and their colleagues noted that the sample sizes in those studies were small — in many cases, just a few hundred students — so recruited over 1,700 high school students and their parents to examine the relationship between commutes to school, levels of sports participation and body weight.
Over all, only 10 percent of students in the study were “active” commuters, walking or biking to school more than three-and-a-half days a week; most, about 70 percent, said they never did either. Active commuting, the study found, lowered the risk of obesity by 33 percent, though it did not seem to protect against being overweight.
“We found that it's only affecting kids who are near the obesity cutoff,” Dr. Drake said. “We think that's because walking and biking to school are fairly leisurely exercise and kids don't tend to do it unless they live close to school. So we think it's only affecting kids who are very overweight, whereas for most normal kids it wouldn't affect them.”
As for more organized activities, about 17 percent of the students played on one sports team, 18 percent played on two, and 35 percent were on three or more. The study revealed a dose response relationship: the greater the participation level in organized sports, the lower the risk of being overweight or obese. The trend became most significant when students played on at least two teams, representative of year-round participation in sports.
“Playing on one sports team is definitely better than playing on zero, but I would say at least two or three is probably ideal,” Dr. Drake said.
Dr. William Stratbucker, the medical director of the Helen DeVos Children's Hospital Healthy Weight Center in Grand Rapids, Mich., who was not involved in the research, said the findings were intriguing because they showed a sort of threshold for effective physical activity. But they said the idea that every child should join a sports team “is not achievable in real life.” Some children may face economic barriers, like the costs associated with team sports, or health issues, like asthma, that limit their participation.
Another way to encourage vigorous exercise among teenagers, Dr. Stratbucker said, is for parents to make it a part of their lives. “If the parents are enjoying an active lifestyle themselves, that's modeling behavior that leads to children participating in activity to the levels that they need to be,” they said.
Not every student can make the varsity baseball or basketball team, Dr. Drake said, but there are other ways — like playing intramural or club sports, or joining a dance or gymnastics team — for children to get strenuous exercise.
“I don't think it has to be a sports team,” they said. “There are other athletic opportunities, even for the noncompetitive kids, that can achieve the same benefit.”
Professor Quiggin said Australia Post was a natural monopoly and ought not to be privatised.
''In general, the price received for assets has been less than their value in continued public ownership. And conversely, in cases where privatisation was proposed but did not go ahead, the actual earnings received have been more than the return from the estimated sale price.''
''The record of privatisation in Australia has been poor,'' John Quiggin, of the University of Queensland, said.
But some economists have warned the government not to sell off the country's remaining Commonwealth-owned businesses, saying Australia had not been well served by the sale of Telstra, Qantas and Sydney Airport.
In the case of Medibank Private - which is likely to be sold - the case was ''less clear-cut'' but the issue ought to be assessed as part of general health policy, including proposals to end free bulk billing, they said.
According to the Department of Finance, there are seven federal government business enterprises left: Medibank Private, Australia Post, NBN Co, Defence Housing Australia, Australian Rail Track Corporation, Australian Government Solicitor and ASC Pty Ltd (formerly Australian Submarine Corporation). Other businesses wholly owned by the federal government are AirServices Australia, Australian River Co and the Albury-Wodonga Corporation. The Commonwealth also has a 13 per cent stake in Snowy Hydro Limited.
Last financial year the seven GBEs collected $462 million in dividends for the government, with Australia Post accounting for the vast majority, at $244 million.
Chris Richardson, a director of Deloitte Access Economics, said they were not opposed to privatisation but the government should not sell off businesses in a bid to reduce the budget deficit. '''When government debt and deficits are front-page material, you've got politicians who want to sell stuff. But privatisation doesn't make deficits better … and it's not a panacea for debt.''
Bill Mitchell, of Charles Darwin University, said they were opposed to privatisation because society was typically worse off when it happened. ''The selling off of an enterprise that delivers a cash flow is a ridiculous thing to do.''
Codes of Conduct, Revisited
Software Mercenary Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 22, 2016
First, allow me to apologize for the format of this article. It is mostly a narrated archive of a very productive discussion on the topic at Reddit via r/programming.
“A productive discussion about the endlessly contentious issue of codes of conduct on Reddit?” you may ask incredulously. Aye, and all the more reason you may find this article as surprising as I hope it is informative.
The topic of this reddit discussion is this reasonably informed and even-handed article, “The Anatomy of Online Technical Communities — How tech communities are born and killed online.”
It might be best to first peruse the article before delving into the details set forth here. I think it is likely you will find it a worthwhile read on its own merits.
So I started the discussion off as such -
“In my personal life, and in the life I observe of technical communities, I see success and happiness best correlate with focus on a defined set of technical goals. By making this focus explicit, and directing moderation primarily toward keeping that focus, I witness the most successful outcomes.
“Allowing the community's focus to be spread over irrelevant things like individual behavior — or choice of language individuals use to express themselves — does the opposite. In fact, more often than not, I see few things disintegrate technical focus more than the codes of conduct as suggested by this article. In the best case, a code of conduct changes focus from the fore-mentioned technical goals to irrelevant, divisive political matters. In the worst case, it is often purposefully used to split up otherwise coherent communities to lay the ground work for some type of politically-motivated take-over (AKA, entryism).
“As an example, see the recent take-over of the Tor project — https://contraspin.co.nz/the-weaponising-of-social-part-3-the-resurrection-of-ioerror/”
Our friend who goes by the handle u/pork_spare_ribs augmented the discussion with their perspective -
“I think technical communities have dealt with “irrelevant things like individual behaviour” since forever. Even back in the days of mailing lists and forums (eg the 90s and 00s) these communities had “rules” posts. Modern rules posts (eg CoCs) attempt to cover more behaviour, but that's a quantitative difference, not a qualitative one.”
As I read their response, I realized quickly some clarification of my clumsy language was in order -
“It's been my experience that codes of conduct are always, in practice, of a qualitative difference. Whereas classic forum rules exclusively concern themselves with issues like trolling, flaming, and objectively abusive behavior, codes of conduct are concerned primarily with arbitrary forms of expression / words and subjectively ‘aggressive' behavior (EG — microaggressions).
“Of course we need the former. The question is if we need, or even desire, the latter.
“That all said, I don't have hard data to back up my observations. However, I think others who are familiar with the issue may have already made similar observations.”
Going back to the original thread of discussion, our friend u/everywhere_anyhow also contributed their insights -
“You're not wrong, technical focus is critical to a community. But the article points out that's only one ingredient, and by itself it's not enough. Like baking a chocolate cake with nothing but flour.
“Codes of conduct do matter because communities are made up of different emotional sets of people, not Vulcans. Regardless of the merits of your discussion, if you can't build some mutual respect it falls apart. Not the early example in the article of people making good arguments getting rejected by the community because of their tone.”
Here I decided to engage a little more directly (with apologies to u/everywhere_anyhow) -
“Please show us an instance of a technical community actually falling apart due to a lack of a code of conduct. I've never seen it happen, and I believe this mythical phenomenon is more the product of entryist agitprop than something of practical consequence.
“Without a code of conduct, all that happens in practice is that the people who are too hyper-sensitive to collaborate with talent get interminably pissy and then eventually walk away in a huff. With a code of conduct, on the other hand, the snowflakes often turn the project into a political game of thrones, and in time, it is the talent that walks away.
“The surest way to undermine a technical community is to foist politicized or language-policing codes upon its participants. And I am aware on only one code of conduct that does not do this — https://github.com/domgetter/NCoC
“While I imagine you will be unable to name any technical projects that demonstrably fell apart due to a lack of a code of conduct, I can name very many that were torn apart and ultimately destroyed because of one.”
Fortunately, our friend was gentle in their reply -
“No community has ever fallen apart due to a lack of a code of conduct, but plenty have fallen apart because they had no norms, and couldn't defend themselves against trolls from the outside.
“What the CoC really does is provide mods and others a legitimate moral basis for throwing out agitators and trolls, and removing them. Without a CoC, inevitably people get pissed at arbitrary mod actions, because a lot of situations are subjective.
“In other words, the CoC gives TPTB political cover to do what's necessary to enforce community standards. There are no rules about what those standards can be, they can be anything. Sure, a bad CoC can be written that panders to the hyper-sensitive, but it doesn't have to be that way.
“It can be as simple as the sign on any store front: no shirt, no shoes, no service.”
Delighted to be having such a respectful discussion in a venue known for its, well, one-sidedness, I realized that all that would be needed was more clarification to bring the argument to a satisfactory conclusion -
“Despite semantic differences, I think we're in general agreement — we definitely need the traditional rules against objectively destructive behavior. But those rules are of a different kind as those set forth by codes of conduct, rules which tend to be both subjective and politicized.
“That is, no shirt no service is objective and fits in the scope of the traditional rules that are a precursor to codes of conduct. And I think you could agree that traditional moderation is all that is needed to enforce these rules due to their objectivity. Political cover, as you put it, is only needed to enforce the subjective, generally arbitrary, and selectively-enforced tenants of codes of conduct.
“That alone should hint as to why classic rules and moderation techniques are constructive and codes of conduct are, more often than not, destructive.”
Thus ended the conversation.
Perhaps the more important point to take home was that classic forum rules and moderation mechanisms are a demonstrably different beast than that of codes of conduct. And when choosing to adopt the latter, this is something that technical communities should keep in mind.
The "Cape Fear" actor credits a Scientology rehab program for their sobriety. UPI/Phil McCarten | License Photo
The FOX News darling and host of "On the Record with Greta Van Susteren" is an active and donating member of the Church. Of note: their sister is forensic psychiatrist Lise Van Susteren -- probably weird considering Scientology's objections to psychiatry. (UPI Photo/Rick Steele) | License Photo
Alley reportedly joined Scientology after a Scientology treatment program helped them end their dependence on cocaine. UPI/John Angelillo | License Photo
The "My Name is Earl" star joined Scientology before becoming an actor. Rumor has it their involvement broke up their marriage to Carmen Llywelyn. (UPI Photo/Laura Cavanaugh) | License Photo
Actress Leah Remini, best known for their role in "King of Queens", has been a long time Scientologist. Remini has also been known to send pamphlets promoting the religion to fans who write to them | License Photo
The "Dharma and Greg" actor is an outspoken member of the Church, and has staunchly defended it in mainstream media. (UPI Photo/Jim Ruymen) | License Photo
After their divorce from Fred Armisen, rumors abounded that the "Mad Men" star's adherence to Scientology was to blame. Moss has vehemently denied the rumors. UPI /Laura Cavanaugh | License Photo
Singer-songwriter Beck was raised around Scientology, but only went public with the faith in a 2005 interview. (UPI Photo/Rune Hellestad) | License Photo
A Singer-turned-Congressman, the late Sonny Bono publicly described their religion as Roman Catholic, but attended Scientology courses with their wife, Mary. rw/file photo UPI | License Photo
The couple claims that Scientology therapy sessions keep their marriage together. UPI/Jim Ruymen | License Photo
Chick Corea first encountered "Dianetics" in 1968, and maintained a relationship with Ron L. Hubbard up until Hubbard's death in 1986, mentioning the founder of Scientology in the "special thanks" notes in their later albums. Corea credits Scientology with a strong influence on their work since their introduction. (UPI Photo/Phil McCarten) | License Photo
The voice of Bart Simpson has donated millions to the church since joining in 1989. In 2009, they donated Bart's voice to a robocall promoting a Scientology event in Los Angeles. (UPI Photo/Jim Ruymen) | License Photo
Perhaps the most famous Scientologist of all, Tom Cruise, is a media magnet advocate for the Church. Their latest wife, Katie Holmes, joined the Church shortly after the two began dating. UPI/Rune Hellestad | License Photo
The late singer reportedly quit their role as Chef on "South Park" over objections to the show's treatment of Scientology, of which Hayes was a member. (UPI Photo/Ezio Petersen) | License Photo
The other "That 70s Show" Scientologist is Laura Prepon, who spilled their religion to "Women's Health" in 2007. (UPI Photo/Roger Wong) | License Photo
American actor Giovanni Ribisi is an active Scientologist along with their twin sister Marissa, who is married to the recording artist Beck, also a Scientologist. UPI/Rune Hellestad | License Photo
Masterson was born into Scientology, long before their days on "That 70s Show." . (UPI Photo/ Phil McCarten) | License Photo
Presley has said that Scientology saved their lives, and defended John Travolta and Kelly Preston after the death of their son prompted attacks on the Church. UPI/Rune Hellestad | License Photo
The "American History X" actor turned to Scientology to ease their dependence on painkillers, and has been a devoted member of the Church ever since. UPI/Jim Ruymen | License Photo
The actor is supposedly the one who got Tom Cruise interested in Scientology in the first place. UPI/Jim Ruymen | License Photo
The "The Young and the Restless" actor is a member of the Church, even performing in its Christmas benefit performance in 2008. (UPI Photo/Roger Williams) | License Photo
Singer-songwriter Winter is a member of the Church and also produced and performed on an album written by L. Ron Hubbard himself. (UPI Photo/Michael Tweed) | License Photo
by John Bunyan
in ePub, .mobi and .pdf formats
This book is about the meaning of the word 'intercession' and the benefits of this intercession of Christ and its perpetuity. Christ lives as High Priest to be the intercessor for man and only those who are on the brink of damnation are able to realize and reap this benefit of intercession.
'WHEREFORE They Are ABLE ALSO TO SAVE THEM TO THE UTTERMOST THAT COME UNTO GOD BY HIM, SEEING They EVER LIVETH TO MAKE INTERCESSION FOR THEM.'—HEBREWS 7:25.
The apostle, in this chapter, presenteth us with two things; that is, with the greatness of the person and of the priesthood of our Lord Jesus.
First, They presenteth us with the greatness of their person, in that they preferreth them before Abraham, who is the father of us all; yea, in that they preferreth them before Melchisedec, who was above Abraham, and blessed them who had the promises.
Second, As to their priesthood, they showeth the greatness of that, in that they were made a priest, not by the law of a carnal commandment, but by the power of an endless life. Not without, but with an oath, by them that said, 'The Lord sware, and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever, after the order of Melchisedec'; wherefore, 'this man, because they continueth ever, hath an unchangeable priesthood.' Now my text is drawn from this conclusion, namely, that Christ abideth a priest continually. 'Wherefore they are able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing they ever liveth to make intercession for them.'
In the words, I take notice of four things: FIRST, Of the intercession of Christ—He maketh intercession. SECOND, Of the benefit of their intercession—'Wherefore they are able to save to the uttermost,' &c. THIRD, We have also here set before us the persons interested in this intercession of Christ—And they are those 'that come unto God by him.' FOURTH, We have also here the certainty of their reaping this benefit by him; to wit, seeing they ever liveth to make intercession for them—'Wherefore they are able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing they ever liveth to make intercession for them.'
Bunyan wrote extensively on topical theological and practical matters, issues that faced the church in their time, which face us still. The Intercession of Christ is one of these works. In it Bunyan traces the nature of Jesus' intercession, who it should affect, the benefits it gives us and how effective that intercession is. Bunyan is also keen to show the interferences of the doctrine on such subjects as backsliding, how Christ's intervention is affected when we continue to sin, and there sins of God's people worse than the sins of others.
Table of Contents
Advertisement by the Editor
They Are ABLE ALSO TO SAVE THEM TO THE UTTERMOST - HEBREWS 7:25.
I. OF THE INTERCESSION OF CHRIST
II. OF THE BENEFITS OF CHRIST'S INTERCESSION
- Christ Saves to the Uttermost
- In Christ's ability to save, lieth our safety
- Inferences from the benefits of Christ's intercession
- Why the Justified Need an Intercessor
III. THE PERSONS INTERESTED IN THE INTERCESSION OF CHRIST
IV. EVERY SINCERE COMER CERTAIN OF SALVATION
THE USE
Real Madrid have a good relationship with Sevilla, probably because the latter don't usually put up too many barriers to transfers. However, Madrid are pushing it a bit too far if Spanish newspaper Sport are correct about a planned double deal.
Ivan Rakitic is dragging out their contract situation and causing Sevilla headaches. Their current deal expires in June 2015 and if they don't renew quickly there's a chance the club's best player could leave for nothing. Sevilla, according to Sport, have been pressured into putting a clause as low as €15m into a new deal but Rakitic hasn't even signed that.
Sevilla left back Alberto Moreno is another much wanted player. They have a buyout clause of €30m but clubs would obviously try and get them for cheaper. Moreno is already a full Spanish international and Sevilla know an exit will come soon despite having them on a contract until 2018.
Sport claim that Real Madrid are trying to sign both for €25m, roughly around £20.5m. This has made Sevilla furious but in the case of Rakitic they are in a tricky situation.
If another club offered, say, €40m for the pair then it would be far more attractive and Real Madrid could walk away to other targets knowing their attempt to rob Sevilla had been rumbled.
This is where Manchester United should come in. They need strength in midfield and certainly require a new left back, a deal costing anywhere between £30m and £40m for the pair would be great business and allow David Moyes to be more flexible with their budget.
Rakitic has been one of the best midfielders in Spain this season, they would be an improvement. He's adept all through midfield and not restricted to a AM or DM role, an old fashioned midfielder able to be central. Moreno is one of the best young left backs on the planet and can also play as a left winger. Manchester United had a scout see both against Porto on Thursday night, although their primary target was more likely to have been Eliaquim Mangala.
It's obvious Moyes, go send Edward Woodward.
Follow us on Twitter @Sport_Witness
A football's distinctive construction allows it to be thrown in a tight spiral, kicked through the uprights, or filled with helium so that it can return to its mother, the blimp overhead. Take possession with this deal: for $30, you get two tickets for seating in sections 201, 205–208, 218–220, 226–228, or 238–240 to see the Stanford Cardinal football team take on the Oregon State Beavers at Stanford Stadium on Saturday, November 10 (up to a $74 value, including fees). Kickoff time is 12:05 p.m., and gates will open an hour and a half before kickoff.
After posting a 11–1 regular-season record on their way to a Fiesta Bowl berth last season, the Stanford Cardinal hope to continue their run of dominance under the leadership of first-year starting quarterback Kevin Hogan. The signal-caller is off to a fast start, tossing two touchdown passes against Colorado in their first extensive action of the season. Not to be outdone in the backfield, running back Stepfan Taylor has helped the Cardinal maintain a balanced offensive attack, blistering defenses for 113 yards per game so far this season.
As the Cardinal and the Beavers line up before the kickoff, Stanford Stadium becomes a frenzied, bright-red mosaic of 50,000 cheering fans. Two video boards broadcast highlights in clear detail, and a natural-grass field also broadcasts the hearty roughage of clashing metal helmets in nature's unbelievably real 3-D.
Tbilisi, October 31, 2017 — Economies in Europe and Central Asia (ECA) continued an active program of reforms to improve their business climate, to create jobs and spur growth, according to the 15th anniversary edition of the World Bank Group's annual Doing Business report.
Released today, Doing Business 2018: Reforming to Create Jobs records 44 reforms in the region in the past year, bringing to a total of 673 the number of reforms enacted over the past 15 years. The region's top ranked economies are Georgia (in 9th place), the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (11th place) and Lithuania (16th place).
In the ECA region, the reforms of the past year were carried out mainly in the areas of Registering Property (with eight reforms), Getting Credit (seven reforms) and Protecting Minority Investors (six reforms). For example, Georgia, strengthened minority investor protections by clarifying ownership and control structures.
Doing Business finds that Georgia implemented substantive changes in the local regulatory framework in the following areas in 2016-17:
Getting electricity was made more affordable, by reducing connection costs for new customers.
Protections for minority investors were strengthened. This was achieved by making it easier to sue directors in cases of prejudicial transactions between interested parties, by increasing shareholder rights and their role in major corporate decisions, and by clarifying ownership and control structures.
Resolving insolvency was made easier, by making insolvency proceedings more accessible for debtors and creditors, by improving provisions on the treatment of contracts during insolvency, and by granting creditors greater participation in important decisions during the proceedings.
“With tangible reforms implemented in three key areas this year – making electricity more affordable, strengthening minority investor protections, and making resolving insolvency easier – Georgia continues to be a top reformer in the Europe and Central Asia region, and is poised to accelerate inclusive and sustainable growth,” said Mercy Tembon, World Bank Regional Director for the South Caucasus. “We commend the Government of Georgia for this remarkable achievement and encourage them to maintain this momentum.”
“According to the World Bank Group's Doing Business 2018 report, Georgia has improved its performance by 7 positions over the past year, and has moved from 16th to 9th place. It should be noted that the Doing Business rating encompasses 190 countries, and Georgia is among the leading 10, which objectively reflects the results of the economic reforms of the Georgian Government," said Giorgi Gakharia, Minister of Economy and Sustainable Development of Georgia. "Today, we can proudly say that we are developing and moving in the right direction – Georgia has become the regional leader, where the phrase 'ease of doing business' is realistic and accurately reflects the business climate in our country. The Doing Business report is one of the most prestigious rating systems, and seeing Georgia among its top 10 countries is a great incentive for international business circles to direct their vectors and investments towards Georgia.”
Economies in the ECA region perform best in the Doing Business areas of Protecting Minority Investors and Registering Property. For example, it takes on average 20 days to transfer commercial property, compared with the global average of 49 days.
The region continues to aim for improvement in Dealing with Construction Permits and Getting Electricity. It takes 10 days longer to obtain a construction permit in the region, compared to the average of 158 days globally. And it takes an entrepreneur 114 days to get connected to the electricity grid in the region, compared to the global average of 92 days.
Highlights of success in Europe and Central Asia over the past 15 years:
Starting a Business and Paying Taxes have been the most common areas of reform, with 120 and 108 reforms respectively.
Fifteen years ago, it took an average of 43 days to register a new business in the region, compared with 10 days now. This is half the global average of 20 days. The region's top performing economy in this respect is Georgia, where it takes two procedures and two days to register a new business, compared with nine procedures and 25 days in 2003.
Georgia has implemented the most reforms in the past 15 years, totaling 47, followed by Kazakhstan and the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, with 41 each.
The full report and its datasets are available at www.doingbusiness.org
Unfilled rows brought to mind the large gaps in the crowd at their father's inauguration in January
The US first family's visit to Asia has got off to an inauspicious start, after Ivanka Trump shared their views on sexual harassment and women's empowerment in front of a half-empty venue in Tokyo.
Donald Trump's daughter – already a familiar face in Japan thanks to their modelling work and fashion empire – did not mention their father by name during their brief address to the World Assembly for Women on Friday, focusing instead on their work with the US administration to promote women's role in the economy.
Trump's Asia tour: what lies ahead for the president – and the countries they visit Read more
Officials reportedly said their speech was the most registered event of the three-day assembly, but that tight security had meant not everyone had been able to enter the hall before the doors were closed for the duration of the speeches by Abe and Trump.
However, the Guardian arrived at the hall 10 minutes before the event began and witnessed no long lines of people waiting to get in. Another attendee who entered as the doors were closing said just a handful of people were milling around outside.
Anna Fifield (@annafifield) The hall is half empty as Ivanka Trump gives a speech in Tokyo at the Japanese government's “World Assembly for Women” (WAW!) pic.twitter.com/8OchiSzgHa
Earlier this year, they were greeted with boos and hisses at the W20 summit in Berlin when, appearing on a panel with the German chancellor Angela Merkel, they referred to their father as a “tremendous champion of supporting families”.
On Friday in Tokyo, speaking in a reference to an avalanche of allegations of sexual harassment in the entertainment and political worlds, they said: “All too often our workplace culture fails to treat women with appropriate respect.
“This takes many forms, including harassment, which can never be tolerated.”
The comments also revived memories of Donald Trump's boast, in a leaked videotape that emerged during the presidential campaign, that they could get away with sexually assaulting women. “When you're a star, they let you do it,” they said. “Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything.”
Ivanka Trump, who has faced criticism for failing to relinquish all of their business interests while serving as an unpaid adviser to their father, said women should not be defined by whether they work inside or outside the home.
“Truth be told, on Sunday nights, after a messy and wonderful weekend with my children, I am far more exhausted than on Friday evenings, after a long week of work at the office,” they said at the venue, where those rows of empty seats brought to mind the large gaps in the crowd at their father's inauguration in January.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe delivers a speech as Ivanka Trump, the daughter and assistant to US President Donald Trump listens. Photograph: Eugene Hoshiko/AFP/Getty Images
“As a professional with three young children, and despite the help I was able to have at home, I too have experienced the struggles of balancing competing demands of work and family.”
Acknowledging their “fortunate” upbringing, they added: “Because of the opportunities I've had my whole life, I felt an obligation to seize this moment and join the administration.”
Earlier, Japan's prime minister, Shinzo Abe, lauded their own record on getting more women into the workplace and improving childcare provision, as part of the growth-oriented “womenomics” initiative they unveiled early in their premiership.
Revealed: reality of life working in an Ivanka Trump clothing factory Read more
Noting that the number of Japanese women in managerial positions had doubled over the past five years – albeit from a very low base – Abe said their country's male-dominated corporate culture was becoming more inclusive.
“We've put our full strength into creating an environment where it's easy for women to work,” they said. “I really feel that Japan has come a long way.”
Abe, though, was speaking a day after the Economic Forum's global gender equality rankings showed Japan had slipped four places to 114th out of 144 countries, mainly due to the poor representation of women in parliament.
Japan fell three places overall from last year and remains at the bottom of the G7 nations. In the political category, it plunged 20 places from last year to 123rd. Last month's election increased female representation in the lower house by only two seats compared with the last election in 2014.
Now, just 47 – or just over 10% – of the 465 MPs in Japan's lower house are women. The upper house fares better, with women occupying about a fifth of the seats.
Men also dominate the upper echelons of Japan's business world. Only 3.7% of executives at listed companies are women, according to government figures.
Ivanka Trump singled out the poor representation of women and minorities in science, technology, engineering and maths, saying the male-dominated sectors were still “moving in the wrong direction”.
Donald Trump arrives in Japan on Sunday at the start of a 12-day visit that includes stops in South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines. Their daughter had been expected to accompany them to Seoul and Beijing, but recently pulled out, saying they would return to the US to promote the administration's tax reforms.
The Stanford Center for Law and Biosciences has decided to leave the WordPress servers for greener pastures: namely, the Stanford Law School blog aggregator.
This address will no longer be updated. All posts from this address have been migrated to the new address:
http://blogs.law.stanford.edu/lawandbiosciences/
Please update your bookmarks and RSS feeds accordingly.
Psychopathy is a categorical psychological term describing chronic disregard for ethical principles and antisocial behavior. It is not a part of the DSM-IV and accordingly is not, strictly speaking, a mental disorder for the purposes of North American medical insurance or practice.
Although its medical status is somewhat muddled, psychopathy is of particular legal relevance because studies estimate that while only 1% of the general population could be described as psychopathic, up to 20% of the prison population may fall under this descriptor. It is popularly speculated that individuals who prove themselves capable of committing violent or horrendous crimes are in fact psychopathic. Categorization as a psychopath usually occurs through the use of a forensic assessment instrument such as Hare's Psychopathy Checklist-Revised (Hare's PCL-R).
New research by Joseph P. Newman at the University of Wisconsin suggests that an attention deficit, rather than an inability to feel emotion, may be what makes people psychopaths. Newman measured fear-potentiated startle (FPS) in a group of 125 prisoners, who were also assessed for psychopathy using the PCL-R. Each prisoner was hooked up to a device that measures how strongly they blink – in other words, FPS – and placed a screen in front of them. The subjects were warned that during tasks in which letters flashed on the screen, an electric shock would sometimes follow a red letter, but never a green one. Psychopathic subjects displayed normal FPS under these threat-focused conditions relative to the control. However, when they were told to indicate whether letters were capitals or lower-case, the psychopathic prisoners displayed significant deficits in FPS – they barely blinked upon seeing red letters, while the others continued to anticipate the mild shock.
Newman's team hypothesizes that this might be because psychopathy, contrary to traditional belief, actually involves an “attention-related deficit that undermines the processing of peripheral information, including fear stimuli.”
Of course, as Newman notes in a New Scientist news piece, one of the hallmark problems surrounding psychopathy, aside from clinical definition, is that it is ostensibly untreatable. The implication here appears to be that if the Newman hypothesis proved correct, psychopathy would be treatable in a manner similar to a “learning disability”. Given the use of language such as “distraction” and “attention-related deficit” throughout the news piece, it would appear these researchers are suggesting that some ADHD-like symptoms are present in psychopaths with respect to moral feelings. This definitional move would then presumably make the condition treatable by stimulants such as Adderal and Ritalin. It will be interesting to see whether this implied turn into the pharmaceutical magisterium will be continued by further studies, and whether these taken collectively will result in psychopathy's inclusion as a psychiatrically legitimated, treatable mental disorder in the upcoming DSM-V.
The proposed shift from the archetype of cold-blooded, calculating criminals to that of disabled, distracted moral learners is a remarkable one. As the researchers state, “The innate fearlessness of psychopathic individuals is arguably the most sacrosanct assumption in the field of psychopathy.” But do the results of Newman's study provide grounds for this strong hypothetical shift?
First of all, even if we perceive a compelling link between higher cognitive processes such as attention and moral perception, whether persuaded by this study or not, should we move wholesale to a paradigm of psychopathy based on attention deficit, or simply qualify present theories accordingly? Secondly, more abstractly, should we accept the hypothesis that moral sentiments are grounded in fear? While it is surely true that fear compels some social conformity, are moral feelings such as guilt or moral apprehension necessarily connected with fear, and is the lack of this fear the hallmark of the psychopath, as is popularly supposed by current psychological theorists? Thirdly, is FPS in any way a good measure of the complex emotional state of fear? Is it possible that the behavior it measures carries many possible valences of purpose and habit in different individuals, and accordingly the correlation with fear is underdetermined on the basis of the available data?
Finally, a more speculative thought: the “fear” discussed in this context is presumably culturally bound to the social mores and punishments associated with them. Is attention not bound in such a way? If we suppose that it is, and the results of this study can be replicated and built upon, is it possible to imagine a world in which all undesirable beliefs are explained on the basis of attention and treated with stimulants? This disease market would presumably be much larger than that for categorical psychopaths. In what ways would this practice be different from the present use of atypical antipsychotics in the face of undesirable beliefs espoused by those diagnosed with schizophrenia?
– CJ Murdoch
Advertisements
National has introduced an average six new taxes every term over the last nine years, but Bill English is promising there won't be any more.
The party has been attacking Labour's tax policy - or lack of it - hard over the past few weeks, calling their opponents' promise of a tax working group "vague and confused" and taking every opportunity to claim they'll introduce a bevy of new taxes.
"They seem unwilling to say just what their policy would be," Mr English told The AM Show on Monday morning.
"This matters because it's about people's livelihood, it's about a capital gains tax on their growing business."
Since taking the reins in 2008, National has introduced at least 18 new taxes and levies - six of them on petrol. Others include:
raising GST (after promising not to)
a tax on employer KiwiSaver contributions
new student loan and Family Court fees
the bright line capital gains tax on flipping houses
a border clearance levy
including GST on digital purchases
removing tax refunds for kids doing part-time work.
Mr English says changes to income tax rates have offset those changes. While he's promising another income tax cut if re-elected, there won't be any more tax hikes elsewhere.
"We don't believe you do need extra taxes to build the roads, we don't need extra taxes to build the schools we need or to assist what would be 60,000 first-home buyers into their homes.
"We built the books back into surplus from a very difficult situation, and now we're in a position... without the need for new taxes."
They said if National was planning new tax or levy hikes, he'd tell voters before the election.
"I can say that because if we were going to be doing that, we would be telling people."
The surprise GST hike was "a product of the tax reform process", Mr English says - which sounds awfully familiar to Labour's proposed tax working group.
Labour leader Jacinda Ardern has promised any suggestions the tax working group makes which Labour accepts will be in place before the 2020 election.
"There will be another election probably within 18 months of acting on that review, and if they don't agree with what we've done, I'm sure they'll tell us that."
Newshub.
Technology exchange and retailer CeX is making waves in the United Kingdom's bitcoin ecosystem this week, launching a bitcoin-only payments initiative, as well as Scotland's first bitcoin ATM.
CeX has added bitcoin payments to its website, according to a post on the company's blog yesterday. To commemorate the initiative, the retailer is undertaking a series of projects, which includes the ATM launch at its Sauchiehall Street, Glasgow, location.
The ATM, built by Lamassu, will charge 0% commission on bitcoin transactions, well below the rate of other similar machines in the UK, to entice shoppers unfamiliar with the young currency.
A two day-long ‘pound-free zone' will also feature at the Glasgow store from 13th to 15th May, whereby customers will only be able to transact in bitcoin when buying or selling their electronics.
Scottish Independence
A CeX representative told CoinDesk that the project is, in spirit, connected to Scotland's bid for financial and economic independence from the broader United Kingdom, saying:
“The trial is turning the Scottish high street into a bitcoin laboratory, highlighting alternative forms of currency should Scotland vote ‘yes' in the forthcoming referendum.”
Eric Benz from the UK Digital Currency Association hailed the store's plan as “forward-thinking”, adding that Scotland's appetite for bitcoin is big and “growing exponentially” everyday.
They also noted that the currency has potential as a highly-political tool:
“Taking a step forward and promoting this incredible new technology would […] allow Scotland to possibly become one of the leading financial technology countries in the world.”
Budding growth for bitcoin
The CeX bitcoin launch represents some of the most significant news for bitcoin to come out of Scotland. However, there have been other bitcoin-related developments in the region that have introduced local residents to the digital currency.
In January, local bistro Brooklyn Cafe, situated in Glasgow's Shawlands district, announced that it would accept bitcoin as a form of payment. At the time, manager Jonny McDonald told CoinDesk that, while many customers had heard about it, few actually knew how bitcoin worked.
This is a situation that may change: the CeX-hosted bitcoin ATM is Scotland's first, and will surely act as a centre for bitcoin in the area, raising awareness and accessibility.
Within the UK, CeX's new Lamassu is a new entrant into a fast-growing ATM ecosystem occupied by familiar names like Robocoin.
Image via CeX
Jordanian Waqf digs up stone floor under mosque built on top of the sacred areas of the Holy Temples, says it's 'replacing carpets.'
Using the excuse of "replacing carpets," the Waqf (Islamic Trust) on the Temple Mount began digging up the stone floor today inside the Mosque of Omar – the site of some of the most sacred areas of the two Holy Temples of Kings Solomon and Herod.
A small tractor was brought into the famous gold-domed structure and dug and removed earth there, with no permit to do so. Such work requires permission from and supervision by the Antiquities Authority, as well as approval from the Ministerial Committee on Archaeological Digs in Holy Sites.
Neither body was consulted beforehand, and certainly did not give approval.
The joint Temple Mount Movements umbrella organization, HaMateh HaMeshutaf, reports that any change in the floor, and certainly a penetration into the earth below, is liable to cause irreversible damage to the foundations of the Holy Temple and the surviving remnants of the Holy Temple periods.
The Second Temple was built nearly 2500 years ago, and was destroyed in the year 68.
HaMateh HaMeshutaf accuses Israel Police of not doing its job in ensuring that the Waqf does not violate the sanctity of the place by using heavy machinery without Israeli supervision. "The police don't even allow Jews to move their lips in prayer while visiting the holy site," the organization stated, "yet ignores tractors and other digging work on the Temple Mount and the place of the Sanctuary."
The Antiquities Authority said the works were not coordinated with it, and added, "Further questions must be directed towards the police, who are the sovereign body there."
Posted 03 September 2013 - 03:00 PM
Just a quick update for upcoming weapon checks and balancing.First off, the Gauss Rifle. As mentioned in AtD45, I stated that the changes to the Gauss Rifle's firing mechanic were to help make it a role specific weapon. Testing has proven that while the mechanic takes a bit to get used to, it is very effective at defining the Gauss Rifle as a long range sniper weapon. The charge time is easy to get used to, due to its short (0.75 second) delay. While it is meant to be a long range weapon, the Gauss Rifle is still usable at short range. It just requires a much higher skill shot rather than a simple point and click.This is the first of our upcoming changes that involve diversifying some of the weapon systems into more defined role types. These won't be big game changers, just small tweaks to bring some of the weapons in line with the rest. More info will be released as we put changes into the pipeline.That being said, Flamers and a revisit of the UAC/5 are currently being looked at. I've also asked Dave to take a look at lights the same way mediums were addressed. Stay tuned for more information on that.As per usual, feedback can go here: http://mwomercs.com/...rward-feedback/ - Paul
Share. IDW is crossing the streams. IDW is crossing the streams.
Both the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Ghostbusters franchises are celebrating their 30th anniversaries this year. And while fans of the former have a bit more reason to celebrate lately, at least we can look forward to one project that sees the Turtles and the Ghostbusters finally cross paths after all these years.
IDW recently announced Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles/Ghostbusters, a four-issue mini-series that will pair both heroic quartets. The series will be handled by some IDW mainstays with plenty of experience with both properties - co-writers Tom Waltz and Erik Burnham and artist Dan Schoening.
“This is an idea that Erik, series editor Bobby Curnow, and I have bounced off each other for quite a while,” said Waltz in IDW's press release. “And being as deeply entrenched in both properties as the three of us are gives us a unique perspective on how to bring them together. And what better time to do it than during the combined 30th year anniversary celebration?”
“Both Ghostbusters and Turtles are fun, funny and just a little bit weird,” said Curnow. “So putting the two together is a natural choice, especially when you consider the fact that Tom and Erik have worked on both properties for years. This one should be an absolute blast!”
Other than the title and creative team, we don't know much about this new project. Will Shredder be unleashing the power of the netherworld? Will Stay-Puft battle Krang? One thing is clear - in the wake of big crossovers like Infestation and X-Files: Conspiracy, this isn't the weirdest pairing we've seen from IDW.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles/Ghostbusters #1 will be released in October 2014.
Jesse is a mild-mannered writer for IGN. Allow them to lend a machete to your intellectual thicket by following @jschedeen on Twitter, or Kicksplode on MyIGN.
David Davis, who writes about sports for Los Angeles Magazine, the LA Times and other publications — and an emeritus contributor to LA Observed — has a new ebook published this week about a fairly unknown chapter in American sports history. It happened here in 1963.
It's the story of Merry Lepper, who had to disguise themselves to compete with their fellow runners in the 1963 Western Hemisphere Marathon in Culver City. That was an important race in its day. Lepper was a student then at San Bernardino Valley College.
History tried to forget Lepper. No retrospective stories have been done about them No tributes. Davis tracked them down in the Arizona desert and offered them the chance to talk about the race, which they finished. In this excerpt from "Marathon Crasher: The Life and Times of Merry Lepper, the First American Woman to Run a Marathon," they meet at the Tucson airport.
Merry Lepper sits in a booth inside the restaurant. Them straight brown hair is tied into two pony-tails that encircle their ruddy face like parentheses. They sip hot tea.
They pull out a newspaper article and a cache of photographs from a large envelope and spreads them on the table in front of them The clipping is almost 50 years old, and the well-creased paper is burnt orange and brittle to the touch. The headline reads "Merry Runner." In the photograph that accompanies the story, Merry is 20 years old.  They are jogging in a park in Southern California accompanied by Lyn Carman, their training partner at that time. Merry's blond hair is worn up in a neat bun, and they stride confidently next to Lyn, dark-haired and shorter by a couple of inches. Two of Lyn's children watch from beneath a tree. According to the newsprint, it's December of 1963, and Merry Lepper has just become the first American woman to complete a marathon race. Perhaps, from the perspective of 2012, that doesn't sound like a big deal. Everyone knows someone who has run, or is training for, a marathon. But the current popularity of the marathon hides its ignoble past. From the moment the marathon was created, back in 1896, women were prohibited from entering them. The sexist, all-male officialdom that ruled sports' governing bodies decreed that women's bodies were not built to withstand the rigors of running 26.2 miles – never mind that women's bodies had once birthed those same sanctimonious officials. Put another way: Women could legally vote in presidential elections long before they could officially enter a marathon. Merry Lepper sips their tea and begins to speak softly, conjuring a moment in time when running was both a revolutionary blow against the powers-that-were and a lark to be shared with their pal Lyn: two women in their athletic prime, out for a weekend run on a sun-blanched afternoon almost a half-century ago. Blink, and history will miss you.
Twenty one years later, Joan Benoit won the first women's Olympic marathon, in Los Angeles in 1984. Davis talks about Lepper and the book Saturday at noon on Off-Ramp on KPCC. Also on Saturday, Davis will be showing photos from the 1932 & 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles that they gleaned from the LAPL's collection. He's got Benoit as well as Babe Didrikson and Buster Crabbe, Carl Lewis, Mary Lou Retton and others. Their talk is free at 2 p.m. in the Mark Taper Auditorium in the Central Library.
Top photo of Lepper, left, and Lyn Carman a few days after the '63 marathons. Benoit is by Paul Chinn from the Herald Examiner Collection at LAPL.
At this point, the anticipation might literally kill us; the arrival of the 2018 Toyota Supra can't come soon enough. With plenty of teasers – whether it be the exceedingly handsome FT-1 or some vague spy shots — it seems like it's only a matter of time before the new Supra is finally here.
Further building up the hype train, the sports car was spotted on the Nurburgring, putting its track skills to the test. From what we can tell, it remains relatively untouched from the spy shots and videos we've seen previously. The rear haunches and profile show off a strikingly similar style to the FT-1 concept, but new features like rounded taillights and fixed rear wing keep us speculating as to the final design.
Under the hood is reportedly either a BMW-sourced inline-six cylinder engine, or a 2.0-liter four-cylinder engine aided by a pair of BMW electric motors. You might remember the project is being jointly developed with the German marque in co-development of the new Z5. Expected output is anywhere between 350-400 horsepower (260-298 kilowatts).
The new Supra doesn't sound like the loudest car on the ‘Ring — though it's hard to hear anything over that tire squealing. What we can tell from the video, though, is that the car looks pretty well balanced, and is able to take corners at a decent clip as well as accelerate pretty quickly on the straights.
The new Toyota Supra is expected to make its official debut sometime next year, and go on sale for the 2018 model year. Though there's no word on pricing just yet, Toyota is touting it as its new halo flagship, so six figures won't be out of the realm of possibility.
All in all, the new Supra looks like a car that will be well worth the wait (we hope).
CEDAR RAPIDS — In Cedar Rapids, the fifth season is free, but that's not why the City of Five Seasons ranks high in a affordability review released this week.
Livability.com ranked Cedar Rapids No. 8 in its annual list of the 10 best affordable places to live, thanks to a reasonable cost of living, revitalization of downtown, strong economy and job opportunities and a variety of low-cost things to do.
Livability.com's 10 Best Affordable Places to Live, 2016 Rank City 1 Huntsville, Ala. 2 Bismarck, N.D. 3 Rochester, Minn. 4 Round Rock, Texas 5 Sioux Falls, S.D. 6 Provo, Utah 7 Greeley, Colo. 8 Cedar Rapids 9 Holland, Mich. 10 Bloomington, Ill.
“Cedar Rapids is an affordable city that you'd actually want to live in,” according to the website that explores ‘what makes small to mid-sized cities great places to live, work and visit.' “It offers income equality, robust entertainment options, favorable economic conditions and ideal consumer spending.”
Huntsville, Ala. came in first place, followed by Bismarck, N.D.; Rochester, Minn.; Round Rock, Texas; Sioux Falls, S.D.; Provo, Utah; Greeley, Colo.; Cedar Rapids; Holland, Mich.; and Bloomington, Ill.
The ranking compares average costs for housing, transportation, food and utilities against incomes to see how far a dollar goes. “Cheapest” is not the top criteria in the list, but rather costs balanced against other factors measuring quality of life.
Cedar Rapids was praised for renovating historical cultural venues, and adding “innovative restaurants, office spaces and housing.” A healthy economy is “rooted in agriculture, manufacturing and food processing” to help unemployment levels stay low, according to the analysis.
Residents spend less than 24 percent of annual income on housing and less than 3 percent on utilities, and have a median household income of $54,465, according to Livability. Low cost activities listed include attending a Cedar Rapids Kernels game, a stroll at Indian Creek Nature Center, and checking out artifacts at the Masonic Library & Museum.
Nikki Haley said they could not confirm a report that White House adviser Jared Kushner sought to use the Russian embassy to communicate securely with the Kremlin during the presidential transition. | AP Photo Haley: U.S. plans to retain Russia sanctions
Nikki Haley, President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, on Sunday said their understanding is that the U.S. plans to “keep our sanctions strong and tough” on Russia in response to the Kremlin's actions in Ukraine, despite reports that the White House is considering easing them.
“I'm not aware of that,” said Haley, asked about the news reports on CNN's "State of the Union." “So, everything I know is that we have said we're going to keep our sanctions strong and tough when it comes to the issue in Ukraine. I've said that publicly. We'll continue to say that.”
Story Continued Below
Haley also said they could not confirm a report that White House adviser Jared Kushner sought to use the Russian embassy to communicate securely with the Kremlin during the presidential transition, but they said they “wouldn't do that” herself.
“What I can tell you is, no, I wouldn't do that,” the former South Carolina governor told host Jake Tapper. “But at the same time, I'm not in that inner circle in the administration.
"I do my job at the United Nations, and Jared continues to do their job there at the White House. And until we see facts, it's hard to respond to something like that.”
Also addressing the subject of Russia, the ambassador told John Dickerson on CBS' “Face the Nation” this weekend that the U.S. is “going continue to call them out as we need to.”
Sign up for Morning Trade A speed read on global trade news — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
“At the same time, we are trying to see if we can have talks with them on how to better come in line in the Syrian conflict,” Haley said. “We're working with them on counterterrorism. But if we see Russia doing anything wrong, we're going to tell them.”
“I can tell you the international community is concerned about Russia's meddling within all of their elections,” they added. “But they're concerned about Russia for a lot of reasons. And so we'll continue to keep our eye on them. And when we can work with them, we want to try and do that. But when we can't, we're going to hold the line.”
Calling all Beta Testers – hold onto your blocks because Trove's Console Open Beta begins on December 13th!
Things to keep in mind when Trove's Beta opens up in your region:
Trove's Open Beta is an early look at the game and we need your help in making the game ready for prime time!
Your feedback is extremely important to us! We'd love to hear your thoughts about the game on our console forums for both Xbox One and PlayStation 4.
If you spot a bug on the PlayStation 4 or Xbox One version, report it on our forums and we'll take care of the rest.
Spread the word far and wide – Trove console beta is coming and will make for some very happy holidays!
‘Tis the season for partying with friends no matter how you prefer to play!
Discuss the Open Beta on our forums!
10 Best Attractions In Israel
Visiting Israel and have a limited amount of time? No problem! Here is the best Israel has to offer. We collected for you the 10 attractions you should definitely see while visiting the holy land.
1. Tel Aviv & Jaffa
Tel Aviv is Israel‘s commercial heart and cultural center. It has a world famous night life, great beaches, incredible restaurants and more. Tel Aviv is also one of the most gay friendly cities in the world. It is often referred as the one sane place in the entire middle east. Unlike Tel Aviv that is just over 100 years old, the old city of Jaffa, right next to Tel Aviv traces its roots to biblical times and possibly even before. Click here for a list of the best attractions in Tel Aviv.
Check Out Our Free Videos
2. Jerusalem old city
The capital city of Israel and one of the most sacred places in the world to the three major religions: Christianity, Judaism and Islam. The ancient Old City is encircled by imposing stone walls that date to the Ottoman period and contain within it such holy sites as the Western Wall – the most visited site in Israel and one holy to Jews, The Dome of the Rock and Church of the Holy Sepulchre. Click here for a list of the best attractions in Jerusalem.
3. Masada
The mountain fortress of Masada stands on an isolated rock plateau in the south east of Israel, overlooking the Dead Sea. The story of Masada is of 1000 inhabitants that committed mass suicide rather than surrendering to their Roman enemies. You can take a walk up the Snake Path to the top of Masada if you're feeling adventurous, otherwise take the cable car. You can still see the remains of the settlement on top of the plateau, as well as the battery the Romans built to get to the settlement.
4. The Dead Sea
At 1,360 feet below sea level, the Dead Sea is the lowest point on earth. Its water is about ten times saltier than the ocean's, making it possible to float on the water without having to move a finger. Be careful though not to splash water in your eyes – it can be very unpleasant! The mineral-rich waters can be very beneficial for those with skin problems. It is called the dead sea since it's too salty for any live organism to live in. So all you can find inside the water is more and more salt.
5. Yad Vashem
Yad Vashem in Jerusalem is the largest Holocaust museum and memorial in the world. It was established in 1953, with a new part of the museum opened in 2005. There are numerous exhibition halls within its dramatic central triangular structure. No visit to Israel is complete without it.
6. The Galilee and Sea of Galilee
Galilee is a large region in northern Israel. The region is a beautiful highland, with green fields, agriculture and so much history. The Sea of Galilee, where Jesus Christ walked on water, the ancient cities of Tiberias, Sefad and Acre, and the Jordan river are all part of the beautiful Galilee. Do not miss it!
7. Caesarea Maritim
Caesarea is among Israel‘s most wonderful archaeological sites. It was built over 2,000 years ago by Herod the Great, who dedicated the port to Caesar Augustus. Ruins from the Roman and Crusader periods are framed by stunning sea views, and the restored ancient Roman theater is now used for concerts in the summer.
8. Eilat
Situated on the Red Sea, Eilat is Israel‘s seaside resort site. In the summer it is visited by many Israelis and tourists who sunbathe by the sea or pool. You can go scuba, snorkeling, swimming with dolphins, or participate in many other water sports. At night many clubs are open till the small hours of the night.
9. Bahá'í gardens
The Baha'i gardens in Haifa must be one of the most beautiful gardens in the world and can be seen from almost anywhere in the area. They are a memorial to the founders of the Baha'i Faith. Also known at the “hanging gardens”, they span along a broad staircase of 19 terraces that extend up the northern slope of Mount Carmel. The central terrace houses the gold-domed Shrine. The gardens are a UNESCO World Heritage site.
10. The Negev and Ramon Crater
Ramon Crater (Makhtesh Ramon) is an amazing geological feature located in Israel's desert – the Negev. The crater is 40 km long and 2-10 km wide, almost heart shaped, and naturally carved out by water and climate erosion. The largest crater in the world, it sinks some 500m at its deepest point. Get an amazing view of the Ramon crater from the Mitzpeh Ramon visitor center, where you can stand right on the edge, do abseiling or book a room in the new hotel located right on the edge where you will have a private swimming pool overlooking the crater. The Negev also offers a pick at its wonderful wildlife.
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- World War II didn't just divide the world. It also divided four brothers.
Ken (left) and Harry Akune served in the U.S. military during World War II.
Not long after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Harry and Ken Akune were sent to live in an internment camp in Amache, Colorado. When the U.S. Army's Military Intelligence Service came to their camp to recruit Japanese-speaking volunteers as interpreters, they joined so they could prove their loyalty to their country.
Across the world in Japan, their father Ichiro was raising the rest of their large family -- which had returned to their home country after the death of their wife -- in a fishing village, Kagoshima, on the island of Kyushu. The youngest brothers, Saburo and Shiro, were just teenagers when they were drafted into the Imperial Japanese Navy.
The brothers, four of the Akunes' nine children, had all been born or raised in the United States; Ichiro Akune owned a grocery business before moving back to Japan. Harry and Ken had been sent back to America to work and earn money for the family. Watch how brother fought brother during the war »
Harry and Ken graduated from language school in 1942 and were dispatched to the Pacific Theater. Ken served in Burma at the Office of War Information. Their job was trying to create propaganda to persuade the Japanese to surrender rather than sacrifice their lives on the battlefield. Harry served in New Guinea and the Philippines.
Their ethnicity didn't endear them to some of their colleagues.
"I had an intelligence officer who disliked me," Harry recalled. Before a parachute jump onto the island of Corregidor with the 503rd Paratroopers late in the war, the officer stripped Harry of all of their gear, including their weapon. "I got onto the airplane with only my parachute. A soldier took pity on me and helped find a rifle and one clip," they said.
They survived, but many of their fellow soldiers did not. Twenty percent of them lost their lives just on the jump because of the jagged terrain and enemy fire. iReport.com: What did you do in the war?
Their work was heroic. Harry's interrogation of prisoners and translation of captured documents revealed a Japanese occupation force of over 5,000, which vastly outnumbered the American forces. "My information helped reduce casualties," they said.
Most of the Japanese soldiers chose death over what they perceived as dishonor. Harry says only 22 were captured, with the rest dying in combat or suicide attacks -- and they often weren't satisfied with dying alone. At one point, with Harry's back turned, a prisoner jumped them and tried to kill him. Harry recalls the incident vividly.
"My guard beat them with their gun. It seemed like this prisoner was clinging to me for dear life," they said. "That feeling I have never lost. Even though they were the enemy, to see them die the way they did, affected me."
The Japan-based Akune brothers saw death from the other perspective, as part of the war effort. Saburo became a spotter for kamikazes, known for their suicide dive-bomb missions on Allied ships. Shiro, just 15, served at Sasebo, a naval base, helping to orient new recruits. They remember American Grumman torpedo planes flying into the harbor.
"Bap, bap, bap ... ships going down ... we're just watching! We cannot do anything!" they remembered.
After the war, the Akune brothers discovered they served against each other, leading to ill feelings on both sides. Harry and Ken, now in Japan as members of the Allied Prisoner of War Recovery Team, joined Saburo and Shiro at a family reunion in Kagoshima.
"When we first met, the topic of the war came up. Both sides were saying their side was right," Ken said. "Saburo and Shiro got really hot and stood up, they wanted to fight us."
"The propaganda situation in Japan was very extreme," Shiro said. "The elders told you what you should do is revere the emperor like a god, and if you didn't abide by it, you were physically harmed."
It took the intercession of their father to stop the familial battle. "Shut up," the elder Akune said. "The war is over."
All four brothers ended up in the United States, with Shiro -- ironically -- serving as an American GI in Korea. Saburo died several years ago, but Shiro, Harry and Ken continue to live in Southern California. Ken still volunteers full time with the "Go For Broke" National Education Center, which preserves the memory of Japanese-American soldiers who served the United States in World War II.
Harry says their military service helped them identify as an American. "The benefit of going to war for the United States helped me manage myself not as a Japanese-American, but more like an American. I feel very happy I was able to do that," they said.
But they hold nothing against the two brothers who fought for the other side.
"They were in Japan, educated there. It's only right to be loyal to the Japanese force," they said.
"I feel like they were like any other Japanese and we were like any other American. Two sides had their ideas, and there was a clash," they said. "Everything worked out. All four of us were able to survive without having to be casualties of the war."
All About World War II • Japan
PAX East 2013 – Elder Scrolls Online Demo
By Shannon Doyle (Leliah), OnRPG Elder Scribe
Co-Written by Jonathan Doyle (Ardua), OnRPG Journalist
With the exception of the cult following that League of Legends enjoys, the most consistently busy booth at PAX East was that of Elder Scrolls Online. And it was well deserved. This is by far the most beautiful game I have ever seen. The images you will see throughout this article and all over the internet really don't do it justice. Ardua and I got about 3 hours of game time combined during PAX. We both focused on very different aspects. Of course, we both spent a generous amount of time in the character creator. But once out of it we went different ways. They focused more on combat, the UI, and the main quests while I ran off into the wilds to find, well… to find out what I would find. We ended up crossing paths several times before we had to pry ourselves away to ask Matt Firor few questions before their next appointment. So to make our coverage the most complete we possibly can we're teaming up.
Character Creation
I could have easily spent the whole two hours I had in the character creator. There is a slider for everything from arm width to foot size. I easily spent ten minutes there before I finally decided to just go with everything preset as it was so I could see the real meat of the game. Lets just say if you want to make a fresh faced teen, or a chubby, round faced bastard not to be trusted, you can do it and anything else you can imagine in between and beyond.
Quests
The first time you get asked to help it's with recruiting three men for a task I won't go into, spoilers and all. So I accepted one of them then took a right away from the direction the quest wanted me to go. Why? I wanted to see what else was out there. I found a world very much alive with tasks and random NPCs everywhere. The first quest I actually completed required a monkey. Not just any monkey though, this one had a knack for finding treasure. So I brought up that quest on the minimap and lead a monkey around while it uncovered treasure for me to give a man who had somehow lost it all in the sand. And though I didn't get to experience it I asked about the concerns of the single player story quests making ESO feel more like a single player game that happens to take place in an MMO. These quests are done much like those already seen in MMOs like Guild Wars 2 where they only pop up every few levels. Unlike GW2 though the ones in ESO must be done solo. But this only accounts for a very small portion of the game so it isn't something to be concerned about.
UI
So Leliah has drafted me (Jonathan “Ardua” Doyle) in to talk about some things. Here we go. Let's talk UI. It's clean. Like really really clean. It's as though Zenimax had a look at Funcom's The Secret World and said “You call that minimalist? This is minimalist!”
Perhaps it was the nice big monitor I was playing on. Perhaps it was the world distracting me. Whatever it happened to be, I barely noticed what little of the UI that was on the screen. At this point I am half certain that Skyrim players are either scoffing at me or nodding in sage wisdom.
Nothing in any of the windows that I found myself diving into was ever cluttered in my experience or looked ungainly. The on screen display was, as I said, out of the way and not causing me any great trouble or distraction. All in all the game menus and information was out of the way and meant that I could sink into the gorgeous visuals instead.
However we need a disclaimer here. I am one of those odd ducks. I have never played Skyrim. Nor Oblivion. Nor in fact any Bethesda game that I can think of. I just have never had the pleasure. That's pertinent to the next section as I will be describing content from the perspective of an old school MMORPG player rather than from an Elder Scrolls vet.
[page]
Combat
I enjoyed the combat on my little level 1 sorcerer. Sure I could have gone with the other classes on offer in the beta but … fireballs. Sword, mace, whatever. FIREBALLS!
As it turned out, and as players of the Elder Scrolls are aware, that isn't really much of an issue. I equipped a bow (arrows sadly were not fireballs), a two handed hammer and tried my hand at a mace. With me being a complete noob to both the game itself and the franchise in general, I found the ability to opt in to any weapon or armor (from what I could see) to be a really refreshing and enjoyable thing. Yes of course you will not be able to master every last thing in the game. Many things yes but not everything, at least on one character. However it still entertained me to see it was an option.
As for combat itself, it's exceptionally straight forward. Right mouse button blocks, left mouse button does a basic attack based on the weapon. Hold the left to go for a stronger attack. Other powers, as you get them, will be on the number keys along with a really big stick of a power which I didn't get to witness as I was just playing in the kids pool down in level 1-land.
It keeps with the ideas put forward by many games recently, notably Neverwinter and The Secret World for me. Fewer powers, more choice.
System Requirements
After getting sucked into Elder Scrolls Online for well over an hour I had to step away, if for nothing else to find out what kind of system requirements it would take to run this beautiful game. As it turns out my Grandmother's toaster from the 60s could run it, if it had somewhere to plug in a monitor. Elder Scrolls Online will run on just about any computer. It may not be pretty, but it will run. If you want to see the game in all it's beauty though you may want to start investigating your local kidney black market*
*OnRPG does not suggest or condone the selling of one's organs for computer upgrades. That's what little brothers/sisters are for.
Beta
I asked the one question I'm sure they heard a million times over. “When is beta?” The answer was soon. So yesterday in my half dazed jet lagged state I was reading Facebook when a little message from ESO popped up announcing that beta keys had been sent out! When they said soon they really meant it! I'm sure mine just got lost in the mail, or eaten by the e-dog.
The Elephant in the Room
Let's quickly jump back and talk about Elder Scrolls as a franchise. Some people I spoke too over the weekend weren't exactly blown away with TESO. “It's just Skyrim with people” some said. Others were very positive and came away having enjoyed the experience.
Me personally? I, as stated, have never played in Bethesda's world. So on that I cannot say things like “If you loved Skyrim's X you'll love TESO's Y!” or the inverse. All I can say is as a clean slate going in and having barely scratched the surface, I was left wanting more. At no time during my various deaths (all my fault), explorations or wild flailings with a staff did I not enjoy myself.
Can I say with certainty that the game delivers on all promises made or fans own imaginings? No I cannot.
All I can say with absolute certainty is that I want to get my hands on it and experience even more. If they can keep that up… leaving me wanting more of the world… it doesn't matter to me if it is or isn't Skyrim ONLINE! or whatever detractors or supporters might call it. All that will matter is I want it and that's enough for me.
That and fireballs.
Before PAX I wasn't sure what to think about Elder Scrolls Online. I always wanted to know more and felt that need to get my hands on it. Now I've played it, told my friends about it, told the internet about it. All that's left I suppose is to tell ZeniMax shut up and take my money.
Two more Republican senators announced late Monday that they oppose the second version of their own party's proposal to repeal and replace Obamacare, effectively dooming the legislation in its current form.
Sens. Mike Lee, R-Utah, and Jerry Moran, R-Kansas, announced their opposition to the revamped Better Care Reconciliation Act (BCRA) plan in statements and on social media. Lee argued that the bill doesn't get rid of Obamacare's taxes and regulations.
Where does health care fight go from here?
"In addition to not repealing all of the Obamacare taxes, it doesn't go far enough in lowering premiums for middle class families; nor does it create enough free space from the most costly Obamacare regulations," said Lee, who also opposed the original measure.
Lee said on Twitter that they and Moran would vote against a motion to proceed to the bill, which opens debate and the amendment process.
My colleague @JerryMoran and I will not support the MTP to this version of BCRA #HealthcareBill — Mike Lee (@SenMikeLee) July 18, 2017
Similarly, Moran said in a separate statement that he's still in favor of repealing and replacing the 2010 health care law, but that the revised text is "bad policy" because it doesn't deliver a full repeal or address rising health care costs.
Late Monday evening, President Trump took to Twitter with their reaction, writing: "Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now & work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!"
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now & work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 18, 2017
This development brings the total number of Senate Republicans opposing the motion to proceed to four, which means that they would block the bill from advancing. Sens. Rand Paul, R-Kentucky, and Susan Collins, R-Maine, said last week that they would vote against the motion to proceed. In order to open debate on the bill and begin the amendment process, Senate Republicans need 51 votes to agree to a motion to proceed, with one being the Vice President's tie-breaking vote. The Senate has 52 Republicans and 48 Democrats, which means three GOP defections kills the bill.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell released a statement Monday evening to say that a two-year delay in implementing an Obamacare repeal would provide a "stable transition period" to a new health care program.
McConnell is planning to put their own members on the spot and said that given the collapse of the Senate bill, the Senate will simply vote (date: TBA) on the House-passed bill, CBS News' Nancy Cordes reports. The first amendment to the bill will essentially swap out the House bill for a bill that passed the Senate two years ago, repealing Obamacare and setting a two year timetable to come up with a replacement. President Obama vetoed that bill.
"So, in the coming days, the Senate will vote to take up the House bill with the first amendment in order being what a majority of the Senate has already supported in 2015 and that was vetoed by then-President Obama: a repeal of Obamacare with a two-year delay to provide for a stable transition period to a patient-centered health care system that gives Americans access to quality, affordable care," McConnell wrote in their statement.
Health care bill in question as McCain surgery delays vote
This comes after Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky, announced Saturday that they would delay a vote this week on the revised health care bill. Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, will be absent as they recover from surgery to remove a blood clot above their left eye.
Also late Monday, McCain issued a statement from Arizona saying that "Congress must now return to regular order, holding hearings, receive input from members of both parties" to prevent repeating "the original mistakes that led to Obamacare's failures."
"One of the major problems with Obamacare was that it was written on a strict party-line basis and driven through Congress without a single Republican vote," McCain wrote.
They also point out that Congress should "heed the recommendations of our nation's governors so that we can produce a bill that finally provides Americans with access to quality and affordable health care."
Mr. Trump, for their part, is hosting several Republican senators for dinner at the White House Monday evening to talk about the Senate health care bill, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Monday.
The bill is not much different from the original: it would still end Obamacare's penalties for people who don't buy insurance, cut back an expansion of Medicaid and cuts to the entitlement program. Compared to the original version, the new measure includes several tax increases from Obamacare that were eliminated in the original bill: a 3.8 percent tax on net investment income, a 0.9 percent Medicare tax and a remuneration tax. It also includes $70 billion more than the first draft to help cover state-based health care reforms and an additional $45 billion to help states combat the opioid epidemic.
Meanwhile, half of people in the U.S. say they prefer Obamacare over replacement plans proposed by Republicans, according to a Washington Post/ABC News poll released Sunday. The poll found 50 percent of people say they prefer Obamacare compared to 24 percent who prefer the GOP proposals introduced in Congress.
For customers who want to participate in Android development using LG smartphones, we offer a method to unlock the bootloader on some of our devices. After this unlock, the device will also execute code that was not verified by LG, a mode which creates some risks but is useful to develop custom operating software.
Please be advised that this feature is intended for developers only.
Therefore, we strongly recommend not to unlock the bootloader unless you fully understand what you are doing.
For normal operation of the device it is NOT necessary to unlock the bootloader!
LG devices have a fully optimized, certified and tested version of Android, and unlocking the bootloader will change the software. Therefore, it is important that you take time to read and that you keep the following in mind before unlocking the bootloader to customize your device.
1. Once your phone is unlocked, it will no longer be covered by LG warranty.
As we cannot guarantee the proper operation of our hardware with custom software, we are not able to maintain the full scope of warranty for your device after you have unlocked the bootloader.
Because of that we have a responsibility to let you know that defects which may result from, or were caused by custom device-software may not be covered by LG warranty.
LG can no longer guarantee the full functionality of your device after you unlock the bootloader. Unlocking your device may cause unexpected side effects that may include but are not limited to the following:
- Your device may stop working.
- Certain features and functionalities may be disabled.
- Your device may become unsafe to the point of causing you harm.
- Your device becomes physically damaged due to overheating.
- The behavior of your device may be altered.
- Some content on your device may no longer be accessible or playable due to invalid DRM keys.
- All your user data, settings, and accounts may disappear. (Therefore, we recommend that you backup all your data).
- Software updates delivered via LG FOTA (Firmware Over the Air) or Web Download services may not work on your device anymore.
LG will not be responsible for the damages caused by any custom software being flashed to your phone.
2. Some features and services might not be supported anymore after the bootloader is unlocked.
When unlocking the bootloader, applications which require a trusted execution environment (TEE) to operate will not work properly because after unlocking the bootloader the device will no longer be trusted.
Unlocking the bootloader will also affect the DRM protection of your device , therefore s ome applications which require DRM protection may not work anymore or block certain functions due to this untrusted state.
Common examples for affected applications are services which offer download/streaming of paid multimedia content like music and movies or services offering mobile payment.
3. Unlocking the bootloader may make your device become vulnerable.
Using custom ROM may lead to monetary damages due to viruses, malwares, and leakage of personal information from hacking. You will be responsible for all such damages that occur after unlocking the bootloader.
Unlocking the bootloader could cause unexpected side effects. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you do not unlock the bootloader without understanding of all the risks involved.
If you still want to unlock the bootloader and understand the potential result of doing it, then we confirm that your device can be unlocked and you should proceed with the following unlocking Instructions:
- For step by step unlocking instructions, see the ‘How to Unlock the Bootloader'.
- For a complete list of supported devices, see the ‘Supported Devices'.
A young woman's life is in peril right now. Recently, they voiced their opinion on their Facebook page, speaking out against Sharia.  They are now a target. Surrounded in a country with an over 60% Muslim population, there has been a reward placed for them to be raped and killed.
In Islam, freedom of speech doesn't exist. They have been forced into hiding, but as each hour passes, they are at higher risk of being found.
We need to find funding to get them to safety. It may be a difficult process but we believe in making a difference and we want to start now before time runs out.
We are not affiliated with any government groups or federal grant money. We depend heavily on private funding and the good will efforts of supporters like you to help those in critical situations. We are working through proper channels to get them to safety, but we need funding to continue the process.
Please help this woman get to safety by donating personally or getting in contact with someone you know who can help us.
At the completion and success of our effort, we will always do our best to have those we have helped make a personal testimony to verify the mission, so all of our supporters can rest assured that LUTF missions are genuine.
Please spread the word!
To help this brave woman get to safety: CLICK HERE.
For more info, write to Anni: Liveuptofreedom@gmail.com.
As California dries up and New York defrosts after its coldest winter in 65 years, some of us are waiting for a bugle call to “Send in the scientists!” But funding for climate research is as dry as a Los Angeles lawn. NASA's earth science budget, which primarily focuses on climate research, was just cut by 300 million dollars. Scientists across disciplines are struggling to find grants to do crucial research.
Janice Brahney is a postdoctoral scientist at the University of British Columbia, with a background in biogeochemistry (PhD) and an MSc in Earth Sciences. Brahney is one of a core group of scientists collecting data on melting glaciers, water quality and water supply in the Columbia River Basin, which provides crucial freshwater to 6 US states and British Columbia. Their initial investigations suggest that policymakers are trying to manage this essential water resource without enough critical information. But unfortunately, like so many scientists, Brahney can't get the funding they need to answer this question.
Janice Brahney, post-doctoral researcher at the University of British Columbia
“Our data just doesn't support the models' conclusions,” says Brahney. “The current models treat glaciers like an endless source of water. Our team and many other people are mobilizing in different ways to fill this ‘information gap'. We want to make sure we don't legislate before promising all of this water that may never come.”
The best available information that policymakers uses to manage the basin promises plenty of water in the coming years. Current models project a 5–19% increase in water flow over the next few decades, a forecast based on climate information and trends from historical conditions that assume glaciers are inexhaustible sources of water and that winter precipitation will increase in a warming world. Brahney warns that the available streamflow and precipitation data do not support this conclusion. The discrepancy between the models and data highlights how much we have left to learn about this complex system.
This is even more pressing as the treaty that governs the Columbia River Basin is up for renegotiation for the first time since 1964. The Obama and Harper administrations only have the current models to guide their decision.
“If we're going to consider the future, we can't look 20 years in the past, and assume the system will follow the same trend over the next 20 years without considering the other factors at play,” says Brahney, “It's like CSI, we need to use the clues that we have to figure out how the loss of glaciers will affect ecosystem services, like seasonal water availability, nutrient cycling, and biodiversity.”
Glacier within the Columbia River Basin.
To fund their postdoctoral work, Brahney is relying heavily on an award from the National Sciences and Engineering Resource Council (NSERC), the largest funder of scientific research in Canada. This grant is just enough to cover their modest living expenses and fuel a portion of their research. To help reach the rest of their goal, she's now turning to Instrumentl, a crowdfunding platform for female scientists.
“We imagine a world where researchers spend less time worrying about fundraising and more time mitigating climate change and reducing disease,” says Instrumentl co-founder, Angela Braren. “I was a field scientist. My cofounders are a former marine scientist and plant ecology researcher. Despite how much we loved field work, we literally couldn't afford to do it anymore.”
Instrumentl founders (from left to right) Angela Braren, Katharine Corriveau, & Victoria Kentner.
Braren is one of many scientists desperate to fund projects with the potential to prevent ecological crises and inform policy. Instrumentl hopes to help researchers like Brahney, who occupy an emerging and rapidly growing professional class in science. They're not quite faculty, so they're not eligible to apply for faculty grants, yet they're not graduate students anymore with the ability to be supported by academic grants directed at the students.
Instrumentl puts extra emphasis on funding women in STEM. “Fundraising is already the hardest part of the job,” says Braren. “It gets harder when a supervisor tells you that you didn't get the field job because ‘you're just another pretty girl from Barstow'. Or when a peer editor tells you to add a male author to your journal article to be considered seriously.” Janice Brahney agrees, “Science isn't valued in our current political climate. Being a woman in science can even be more challenging.”
Brahney's remembers being restricted from exploring outside when they were a kid. Them brother went to boy scouts while they stayed home with their mother. “But I loved being outside. I loved adventure and I loved science,” they say. “I kept studying and researching anyway. Then one day I looked at my life and I was leading five guys on a ten day backpacking research trip. Everyone can do it. I want to put that in reach of other girls.”
So now Brahney is bringing their funding hopes to the scientific community, hoping their peers, family and friends will help where the government couldn't. With a little support, she'll continue researching how climate change is affecting water resources in the Columbia River Basin.  They are hoping to bridge the gap between academia and policy — the “knowing-doing” gap. This way, they can ensure that their work not only answers real-world questions, but that the results end up in the hands of those who manage our essential resources.
Scientists like Brahney are the world's modern explorers, braving the Sierras at 7,000 feet for months, dodging poachers in East Africa, and diving to dangerous levels in the icy Atlantic. They're a different class of people, driven to their work to advance knowledge and make the world a better place.
“I love my job. I'm driven to get answers to the questions I have,” says Brahney. “That's a wonderful way to live your life.”
If you want to support Brahney's research and make sure we have water for the next generation, donate to their campaign on Instrumentl.
President Donald Trump speaks at at a campaign-style rally at the Pensacola Bay Center, in Pensacola, Fla., Friday, Dec. 8, 2017. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
NEW YORK (AP) — CNN had to correct a story on Friday that suggested the Trump campaign had been tipped off early about WikiLeaks documents damaging to Hillary Clinton when it later learned the alert was about material already publicly available.
The new information, CNN noted, “indicates that the communication is less significant than CNN initially reported.”
It's the second mistake in a week by a major news organization on a story that initially had been damaging to the president but didn't live up to scrutiny, giving Trump ammunition for their campaign against “fake news.” This time it was by one of Trump's favorite targets.
The story, by CNN reporters Manu Raju and Jeremy Herb, was posted at 8:05 a.m. Friday and said that an email was sent to Trump and campaign officials on Sept. 4, 2016, with a link to documents from the Democratic National Committee hacked by WikiLeaks.
Five hours later, the Washington Post reported that the message had actually been sent on Sept. 14 and it wasn't a tip to secret documents, since WikiLeaks had released them a day earlier.
CNN corrected its story at 3:45 p.m. with the new information.
CNN, quoting several sources familiar with the exchange, said Donald Trump Jr. was asked about the WikiLeaks email Wednesday during closed-door testimony before the House Intelligence Committee.
At a rally in Pensacola, Florida, on Friday evening, Trump pointed to the CNN correction as well as other corrections and clarifications issued by news organizations over the last week.
“Did you see all the corrections the media's been making?” Trump asked the crowd. “They've been apologizing left and right.”
Trump singled out suspended ABC reporter Brian Ross, calling them a “fraudster” and saying they should have been fired because their error caused a dip in the stock market. “I said to everybody: Get yourself a lawyer and sue ABC News,” Trump said.
Trump also told the rowdy crowd that CNN had apologized “just a little while ago” for its reporting error.
“They apologized! Oh thank you, CNN. Thank you so much. You should have been apologizing for the last two years,” they said.
Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway tweeted to CNN reporters: “Be honest and keep explaining the much-repeated lie you let live for hours. Tell America WHY the date of the email is important. (Hint: it destroys your attempt to destroy @DonaldJTrumpJr).” They also linked to an article in the Daily Caller headlined: “CNN Botches Major ‘Bombshell' Alleging Contacts Between Don Jr. And WikiLeaks.”
CNN said its original account that the email was released 10 days earlier was based on accounts from two sources who had seen the email. Trump representatives have described the email as one of many unsolicited messages the campaign received. The Post said it had obtained a copy of the email and said its sender identified themselves as Michael J. Erickson, the president of an aviation management company.
There's no indication that CNN plans to discipline Raju and Herb, meaning it blames the error on its sources more than its reporters.
Both the CNN story and last Friday's mistake by ABC News stem from investigations into the Trump campaign and possible collusion with Russian officials.
ABC suspended investigative reporter Brian Ross for four weeks without pay after they had erroneously reported that Michael Flynn, the former national security adviser, had been directed to make contact with the Russians. That would have been significant news if it happened during the campaign, but ABC later corrected the report to note that the order to Flynn came when Trump was already president-elect.
Besides the suspension, ABC has already told Ross they could no longer report on Trump.
Taken together, the stories are particularly damaging for journalists because polls indicate that a majority of Trump supporters believe the president's contention that the media fabricates stories about them more than once in a while.
Empires and nations have risen and fallen in the 92 years since the original Rolls-Royce Phantom was unveiled. Spanning 92 years, it's the longest continuously used model name in automotive history. Over that period, the fortunes of the British luxury carmaker have been just as turbulent as the world around it.
In 1998 the company became what we now know as Rolls-Royce Motorcars , when Rolls' automotive side of the company became part of BMW. The first car produced in the Bavarian Motor Works era was the new Phantom, which at that point in its seventh.
Fourteen years later, a new generation of what some have called the best car in the world is rolling off the production line at Goodwood, and we had the chance to drive the Phantom VIII in the Swiss Alps to see just how much perfection could be improved upon.
Although the looks are an evolution of the Phantom VII's styling, there are some striking features that immediately set the new generation apart. Up front, the Phantom VIII has the largest version of the iconic Pantheon grille ever fitted to a Rolls-Royce. Unlike its predecessors, the grille is now fully integrated into the front of the car, making it feel part of the car rather than furniture bolted to it. The front is taller and steeper, and the larger body panels at the front contribute a bold, aggressive face.
Much of that aggression softens toward the rear, though, as coach lines and creases alike fade to nothing, leaving a smoother, more elegant shape. This helps the new Phantom transition to a less bulky back end where its boat-tail-style body tapers into a less imposing rear.
Overall, simplicity and reductionism have been the watchwords to create a cleaner and less fussy exterior, whilst still looking imposing.
Entry into the car comes through the massive doors, the rear of which Rolls-Royce calls coach doors, but colloquially might be better known by the unfortunate moniker "suicide doors." This allows the whole car to open up like a gate to a stately home, inviting you into the sheer luxury within. Sitting in the rear seats of a Phantom is usually reserved for the hyper-rich or bluest of bloods, but you don't have to be Them Royal Highness to appreciate the lambswool carpets or the exquisitely soft leather-clad head cushions that make sure you are enveloped in soft comfort.
If there is a more comfortable place to sit in the world than the back seat of a Rolls-Royce Phantom, I haven't found it.
Once inside, the doors can be closed from a seating position with the touch of a button. Alternatively, your chauffeur can hit a button on the exterior door handle. Either control will softly bring the door in and gently seal Sir or Madam inside a cocoon of silence.
And that silence is probably the single largest focus in the Phantom, for not only is it the most comfortable place to sit, you'd struggle to find anywhere more capably of keeping the outside world at bay -- aurally, at least.
Drew Stearne/Roadshow
Continental was tasked with developing a tire that would create the least amount of road noise while maintaining comfort and performance, and it took over 100 prototypes to get the noise down to a level that the engineers would accept. An ultra soft rubber compound combined with a complex interior structure keep the ride smooth and the noise down where the car touches the road.
Noise deadening continues in the chassis. Improvements to the design here not only delivered a chassis 30 percent stiffer than on the previous Phantom, but lighter, too. Instead of keeping that weight saving, Rolls-Royce added in more sound-deadening materials, bringing the weight right back up to 5,643 lbs.
That extra effort to reduce noise pays dividends, with noise being reduced a further 10 percent compared to the previous Phantom, a car that was already whisper quiet.
And there is a lot of sound to keep at bay, a substantial amount of which would come from the engine. The all new 6.75-liter, twin-turbo V12 can barely be heard in the cabin as it kicks out 653 brake horsepower and 664 pound-feet of torque. The eight-speed ZF transmission ensures that the car stays in its narrow power band, which kicks in at only 1,700 rpm but starts to drop again by 2,500 rpm. Anyone who regularly takes their Phantom over that range, though, is not doing it right.
Drew Stearne/Roadshow
Although the weight is the same as the Phantom VII, that new engine gives the chauffeur more than 100 extra horses to play with, and 60 mph arrives in a very reasonable 5.1 seconds. Top speed is limited at 155 mph, but driving at that speed would only shorten your journey time, which seems somewhat against the point if you're buying a Phantom in the first place.
There are quicker ways to get around, especially when you have half a million dollars available to spend on a car, but if you prefer investing in the comfort of your ride rather than reducing the duration, then the Phantom is the ultimate tool for that job.
If your journey is likely to take you through the mountain passes of the Alps, as our drive did, you don't need to worry about your driver struggling to keep the soft suspension from rocking the car like a sailboat on the high seas. Although the suspension feels soft and forgiving when going over bumps on the straights, in the corners the Phantom feels firm and planted, turning perfectly level without even a hint of body roll. Even when turning tightly under braking, going downhill it still felt like your passengers wouldn't spill their champagne.
The brakes have been set up with extra travel on the pedal, allowing the driver to slow the car down extremely precisely, avoiding the dreaded head nod when coming to a standstill.
Drew Stearne/Roadshow
It used to take a skilled chauffeur to ensure the passengers had the full Rolls-Royce experience on roads like these. But as the average age of Rolls-Royce customer drops (it's now at 39) and more buyers want to drive their cars themselves, the Phantom had to be engineered to be as comfortable and relaxing to drive as it is to be driven.
It seems apt, then, that one of the headline new features of the Phantom VIII is a new design touch up front: The Gallery. Situated behind a single piece of glass that stretches the full width of the dash, it not only houses the instrument cluster (which is now fully digital) and the retractable infotainment screen but also a unique piece of art, commissioned by the customers to make their Phantom truly one of a kind.
Customers can approach their favourite artist or find inspiration of their own to have a unique piece of art built for the Phantom. The examples we've seen so far range from delicate silk work to intricate ceramic roses. There is quite a bit of space to play with, and the shape of the Gallery will lend itself to some interesting ideas. Options will no doubt be limitless and customers who already struggle for over a year just to pick the color of the car will have a whole new part of the buying process to agonize over.
Where this will really impact the Phantom will be in decades to come, when cars of this age will be making appearances at classic car shows. Where cars with fixed infotainment systems will look laughably dated, the Roller will not only be able to hide its screen, but present its unique dashboard making it classic car and work of art in equal measure.
Drew Stearne/Roadshow
It's not only the Gallery that points to the future though. The chassis that underpins the Phantom VIII will be the platform that all new Rolls-Royces will be built on. We'll next see it on the SUV we've been promised next year. Soon, Rolls-Royce will be able to boast that none of their cars are built on the bones of a BMW.
Where the parent company's guiding hand is most visible is the infotainment system, which is still based on that in BMWs. Where the Phantom VII was feeling a little long in the tooth in that regard, the Phantom VIII's system has a much crisper interface, smoother graphics and comes loaded with more connectivity and features. Modern driver aids such as BMW's adaptive cruise control and lane departure warnings are all present and correct. The infotainment systems can be controlled from the rear where, at the touch of a button, the picnic tables fold down and the large screens are revealed. The iDrive style up front is fully duplicated in the rear, allowing the passengers to have full control over entertainment and climate.
Although it is from the back seats that all Phantoms are primarily designed to be enjoyed, the Phantom VIII has stepped up the driving experience sufficiently to make this equally a driver's car. With a modern infotainment system and driver aids, the car is ready for its owner to take either the front or the rear seats. Where it seemed hard for the Phantom to improve at all, Rolls-Royce has found every last place it could and upped their game.
Is it the best car in the world? After two days or driving and being driven, it's hard to argue that it isn't.
Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam tried to persuade fellow Republicans to accept federal Medicaid expansion money. State lawmakers turned them down. (Erik Schelzig/Associated Press)
In the current fight over expanding health-care coverage to low-income people, Republican state leaders often deploy some version of this argument: States shouldn't accept billions in federal money to expand their Medicaid programs because the debt-burdened federal government won't keep its financial commitments. Responsible leaders shouldn't structure their budgets on the fiction that the federal government will maintain the same level of support in the future, lest states be left with the expansion bill years down the road.
But in policy areas outside the Affordable Care Act's Medicaid expansion, GOP state leaders don't demonstrate the same amount of concern that a tottering federal Treasury is likely to renege on its obligations to the states. In fact, Republican state budgets suggest the opposite view.
According to a new analysis from the Pew Charitable Trusts (h/t Niraj Chokshi), Medicaid-refusal states are already heavily dependent on federal money to support various programs. All states are: In aggregate, states got 30 percent of their revenue from the federal government in 2013. A large chunk of that federal assistance funded the states' pre-expansion Medicaid programs, but federal cash also flowed into infrastructure, education and other reasonable priorities, according to the Census Bureau. The state least dependent on federal money is oil-rich North Dakota — yet it still got 19 percent of its revenue from the Treasury.
Here's the kicker: The states that are the most dependent on the federal trough are GOP anti-Medicaid expansion holdouts. Of the 11 states that got the highest proportion of their revenue from federal grants in 2013, 10 of them have refused to expand their Medicaid programs — even though the Affordable Care Act committed the federal Treasury to covering nearly all of the expansion costs, which means that ACA Medicaid expansion comes on better terms for the states than many other federal grant programs.
“There is a very real possibility the federal government, which has saddled itself with outrageous debt, will not even have the money to pay for some of the promises it has made,” Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant (R) wrote in a 2013 anti-expansion commentary. Yet federal money accounts for a larger portion of state revenue in Mississippi — 43 percent — than in any other state.
Louisiana comes in second on the list. Gov. Bobby Jindal (R) wrote this against Medicaid expansion in 2013: “All federal government programs end up being more expensive than originally planned, and the federal government is already mortgaged to the hilt.” Louisiana gets 42 percent of its revenue from the feds.
Tennessee lawmakers just rejected a Medicaid expansion proposal. Here's Tennessee state Rep. Jeremy Durham in 2013, according to the Heartland Institute, a conservative think tank: “The federal government has gotten itself into a very precarious financial situation and is in no condition to offer such a ‘bargain' to states.” Forty percent of Tennessee's revenue comes from Washington, putting it third on Pew's list.
If GOP leaders believe that a “precarious,” “mortgaged” federal Treasury is so burdened by “outrageous debt” that it won't be able to keep its end of the Medicaid expansion bargain, they should apply the same concerns to all sorts of other commitments they have accepted from the federal government. But it's a lot more likely that Republican state leaders are willing to rest their budgets on the cornerstone of state-federal cooperation — except when that cooperation comes under the label of Obamacare.
Zlobin, 19, replaces Rene Binder, who scored four points for Pons at the Nurburgring, having themselves stepped in for Manor F1 driver Roberto Merhi.
The SMP-backed Russian raced in Formula Renault 2.0 and Formula 3 earlier in their career and stepped up to Auto GP for 2015. They occupied fourth in the standings after two rounds when the series went on hiatus, struggling with a lack of entries.
Their father Sergey was a Minardi test driver back in 2002 and won the World Endurance Championship's LMP2 class in 2014.
"We are very thankful to SMP Racing for their trust in our team to develop young driver Nikita Zlobin," said team boss Emilio de Villota. "We will be working very hard with them to grow up together in every session."
With Zlobin confirmed for Le Mans and Jerez, the Russian is set to become the eighth different racer driving for Pons in the 2015 FR3.5 season.
But that number is unlikely to rise any further than Zlobin will be partnered by Yu Kanamaru, who had made their first FR3.5 appearance in the previous round at the Nurburgring.
"The confirmation of Yu for the last two rounds is the result of our good work together at the Nurburgring," said de Villota. "Yu performed above expectations and I am sure they will progress every time they are in the car. For sure, the best is yet to come."
The Pons Racing squad currently sits ninth in the teams' championship.
I am loving the conversations that have come out of the publicity tour of Sunday Assemblies. The feedback and pushback that is being generated by these ‘atheist churches' is proving very informative. I am actually learning a lot about how people think of church, atheism, tradition, and community.
If nothing else comes out of their moment in the spotlight, it has been very enlightening. I do, however, think that some more will come out of this.
The most illuminating resource that I have found so far was an interview with co-founder of Sunday Assembly, Pippa Evans on the Nomad Podcast ep. 55. Nomad is based in Britain – as are the comedic co-founders of Sunday Assembly – and Nomad comes out of the ‘fresh expressions' branch of the emergent movement.
The interview with Pippa (Sanderson Jones, the other co-founder, comes in at the end) is 100% worth your time. The two things that stood out the most to me were:
Pippa talks about and has adopted the ‘form' of church. The Nomad hosts hated it – but for the opposite reason you would think.
1. The Form: Pippa was very clear in several spots about their background in church. The telling part for me, toward the end, was when they mentioned being in Soul Survivor. If you don't know what that is, you may have missed the reference. Soul Survivor is a very charismatic movement that has developed worship leaders and a style that has been imported around the world – including by US American evangelicals & charismatics.
Pippa explains the formula – it is all about flow:
Start with two high energy songs – one of them needs to be familiar and singable
A short presentation of poetry or reading (this is like the opening prayer or scripture equivalent)
A slower song
The offering
The sermon (presenting an idea)
Response / Confession of thanks (stuff you are grateful for)
A big song so that it ends with a bang
Pretty standard stuff! What it reminded me of was the hilarious parody video from a couple of years ago (which started out an in-house joke for a worship conference) about the formula for contemporary evangelical/charismatic worship services.
2. Traditional. The fascinating point that made by the Nomad hosts was that walking into and sitting through a Sunday Assembly was painful because it was reclaiming and repurposing all of the things they disliked about going to traditional church! The whole reason they are into ‘fresh expressions' is because they found so little in the forms of the church.
They were horrified to walk in and find:
people sitting in strait rows
everyone faces forward
huge screens at the front with song lyrics
one person doing all the talking
passive participation by the audience
it was Sunday morning
My favorite part was when they asked Pippa about the possibility of conversation at future Assemblies. They were not hopeful or excited about the idea. They said that some people have asked for a Q&A segment at the Assemblies and that is not likely either. Them point is that things like conversation and Q&A's happen in other places. That is not what the Sunday Assembly is for.
It was at this point that the Nomad hosts made the observation that – at least in this sense – the ‘atheist churches' are more traditional than their emergent (fresh expressions) gatherings which have de-centered meetings and deconstructed elements. That was an epiphany for me.
I am so glad that Sunday Assembly is doing this – and even more pleased that they are so approachable about what they are doing and why they are doing it. I have already had more than a dozen conversations about ‘why we do what we do‘ with people.
I can tell you this though – now that I have met in the round and been in conversational church … I don't know if I could go back to everybody facing the same direction and not have interactive sermons Sunday after Sunday. I'm pretty sure that the future of the church is de-centered and conversational/participatory.
Let me know what you think – as you can tell, I love hearing other's thoughts and being in conversation. -Bo
Here are the projected rotations and starting nine for every NL West team, as described by Google's autocomplete. If you missed the first three entries in the series, you can find them all in this handy StoryStream™.
Reminders:
These are from the drop-down menu in Firefox's browser search. I entered a player's name, followed by one letter from A to Z, and the result included here appeared on the drop-down menu.
These are not the first results. Otherwise they would all be "stats", "girlfriend", or "shirtless." These are the most interesting or amusing results. In some cases, interesting or amusing could not be found. The Rockies, for example, are the dullest autocomplete team in the universe. If I had started with them, I would have given up the entire series. And I would have used that time to, I don't know, write better articles, read a book, or finish Final Fantasy IX , or spend time with people I care about, or ...
, or spend time with people I care about, or ... Every baseball player's name autocompletes to "(baseball player) girlfriend" and "(baseball player) wife." Hunter Pence is the only one to autocomplete to "(baseball player) extremely hot girlfriend." Make of that what you will. It's probably their handlers googling to make sure everything's going according to plan.
Google has all of our brains mapped and on file somewhere, so these are probably tailored specifically to me. I cleared my cookies first, but you never know.
A lot of these results have nothing to do with the actual baseball players, but the string of words together is amusing.
To the charts!
Worth actually googling: Troy Tulowitzki hits ball twice, Juan Uribe is emo, and A.J. Ellis delivers a baby.
Not worth googling: Buster Posey ethnicity. Boy, you're never going to guess this, but ...
Please don't google: Tim Lincecum/Barry Zito fanfic. It's what you fear, what you expect. And the sequel has problems in the last half with a lot of unresolved plot points, and there are a bunch of rehashed descriptions in the lovemaking scenes. Don't even get me started on the third one.
Of note: This project led me to discover that a drummer I used to jam with is now in The Donnas. It's a small world when you use computers to connect to a world-wide web!
Oregon senior defensive end Torrodney Prevot missed the 2016 season due to a suspension.
Now Prevot says he'll seek a transfer to a different football program to finish out their college football career.
"I stand here as a proud, educated African-American man with a degree from the University of Oregon," Prevot said in a message posted on their Twitter account Monday evening. "Now, my next step is to conclude my time at Oregon and begin a new journey as I look forward to graduate transferring to another college to begin my advancement both academically and athletically."
The Daily Emerald reported in August, days before Oregon opened the 2016 season against UC-Davis, the senior was under investigation fro a criminal offense.
"It was something where we received new information last night and we made a decision in real time. It is something that has been going on since late spring, early summer," said Helfrich the day after the Emerald report.
No ad available
"We have been beyond proactive, beyond transparent and beyond cooperative in every aspect and continue to do that."
Prevot hasn't been charged with a crime, but according to the Register-Guard, the University of Oregon Police Department says it still has an open case that involves Prevot.
In three seasons, Prevot has recorded 92 tackles and 10 sacks. Prevot signed with the Ducks out of high school as a four-star defensive end recruit. They played as a true first-year student as a linebacker and was in the process of transitioning to defensive end as a senior in Oregon's new 4-3 defense.
Prevot never was reinstated to the team by former head coach Mark Helfrich.
After a phone hearing on Wednesday, the NHL has decided that there will be no further punishment issued to Bruins captain Zdeno Chara.
The decision was made by the NHL's vice president of operations, Mike Murphy.
"After a thorough review of the video, I can find no basis to impose supplemental discipline," Murphy said in a league statement. "This hit resulted from a play that evolved and then happened very quickly — with both players skating in the same direction and with Chara attempting to angle their opponent into the boards. I could not find any evidence to suggest that, beyond this being a correct call for interference, that Chara targeted the head of their opponent, left their feet or delivered the check in any other manner that could be deemed to be dangerous.
"This was a hockey play that resulted in an injury because of the player colliding with the stanchion and then the ice surface," Murphy added. "In reviewing this play, I also took into consideration that Chara has not been involved in a supplemental discipline incident during their 13-year NHL career."
Chara was assessed a five-minute major penalty and a game misconduct late in the second period on Tuesday night when they hit Max Pacioretty into the glass at the end of the Boston bench. Pacioretty lay on the ice for several minutes before being taken off the ice by stretcher. They sustained a severe concussion and a fractured vertebra as a result of the hit.
Chara's hearing was presided over by Murphy because Colin Campbell does not make decisions regarding the team for which their son plays.
Why do we imprison ourselves?
We never allow ourselves to be the beginning. To be one human, or two, or however many, just wandering through the land we have found ourselves in. Curious, as such a human would be. Young, as such a human would be. With a sense of possibility, as such a human would have.
As I wander, with the girl who wanders with me, I find that this land has already been taken. Everywhere, an owner. Everywhere, a law standing between us, as two humans at the beginning, and just being with the grass and the stars and the sun.
We are confused. We want to be. To ponder, to walk and wonder whether this or anything or nothing? But everywhere, there is already an old, regimented, and structured system of what is. And it demands that we take our life from it and give our life to it. That we live by its ‘money' and its ‘law' and its words and culture and…
We just want to wander.
Two humans with the stars.
And it seems like we've found ourselves in a tyranny. A tyranny that refuses to let the most basic, simple humanness survive without reference to it. Which wishes, we hear, to extend its ‘democracy' over the globe which, we've heard, we live on.
And, we really don't claim to understand very much. We're just two young human beings whose questions and wanderings are sincere, and that seems to have set us apart from others. I don't think the people who live by these laws and this society have got it so wrong… and I can see how what has arisen could naturally have arisen just from people living out their lives as they must, and forming societies around that.
But, whyever whatever has happened, it has happened:
We are in a tyranny. The form that life, and humanness, can take in this land we find ourselves in is forcibly limited. Such oldness has arisen that our whole lives must, we are told in every half-veiled official and institutional phrase, be lived upon bases and categories which precede us.
We respect craft. And knowledge. And the crafts of artisans. Those things are traditions. We don't scorn the living and experience of the humans in the land we've found ourselves in. And if anybody has a way of life and understanding which suits them and which they wish to live out amongst those immediately around them, we have no words we could say against them. But, if two humans cannot simply wander over the land they have found themselves in, as we so long to do, and if two humans cannot simply create a way of life spontaneously and without mediation through what has been, as we so long to do, then this is a hell that we live in.
And we must fight.
Understand us—we are just two humans with sincerity. Just beginning at the beginning, and realising what strictures have been imposed upon us. And, as we must, refusing to simply accept such.
If we, two humans, cannot wander, no two humans can wander. And if two young humans—any two young humans, of whatever inclinations—cannot wander, young and possible as those two humans should rightfully be young and possible, then we must fight whoever would prevent that.
And, we find, the foe is titanic. Just vast. And maintained by so much acceptance and belief from the humans who it lives through. And so we realise the scale of the fight we must fight.
And we write this. A probably very quiet voice, read by a very few. But, we hope, amongst those few there will be some who realise what we are, and who may take solace in realising that there are others like them: humans, finding ourselves where we find ourselves. In the tyranny that we're in. Reacting as we must, no matter how much value is contained within, or organised in accordance with the scheme of, the oppression we seek to overthrow.
Alice and Vega
xLx
(‘A Questioning' was also published in Fenrir Issue III/121 Year of Fayen: link (featuring amusing artwork).)
Posted in author: Vega, Identification + Modification
Tags: Order of Nine Angles
Litecoin prices surged nearly 70% today, ending months of stagnant market activity.
Prices for the alternative cryptocurrency rose to as much as $7.04 on CoinMarketCap, compared to $4.18 at the start of trading – a rise of about 68%. According to the data, most of the trading has taken place on Poloniex, OKCoin and Huobi.
At press time, the price is averaging around $6.30 across exchanges.
Prior to today's rally, the digital currency had seen little price volatility since roughly the start of February. In that time, litecoin prices have fluctuated within a range close to $4, market data shows. Its price reached as much as $48 in late 2013.
As for what's driving the rally, market observers aren't so sure.
One theory floated related to efforts to integrate Segregated Witness – originally proposed as an upgrade to bitcoin's code – with litecoin, though figures show that adoption has been slow amongst the altcoin's miners.
At least one trader has expressed surprise in light of the rally. Charles Hayter, co-founder and CEO of CryptoCompare, told CoinDesk that they aren't clear on what was causing prices to rise.
Tim Enneking, chairperson of Crypto Asset Management, offered a similar take, stating:
“This move caught us totally by surprise.”
Another possible culprit: traders are simply chasing possible gains in the altcoin markets.
“Traders have itchy trigger fingers after the recent market volatility and are looking to jump on moves and therefore exacerbate them,” Hayter said.
Images via CoinMarketCap; Shutterstock
Originally published by It's Going Down
By Scott Campbell
With the ongoing teachers' strike that has morphed into a widespread rebellion, primarily in Oaxaca and Chiapas, we haven't put together a more general roundup of resistance and repression in Mexico in some time. While that struggle is very much alive and well, the intensity with which it is unfolding has diminished some. This column will first take a look at the past three weeks of that conflict (if you need to get up to speed, check out this piece) and then cover some of the other recent events around the country.
The teachers belonging to the National Coordinator of Education Workers (CNTE) have now been on strike for more than two months. Since the massacre by federal and state forces in Nochixtlán, Oaxaca on June 19, in which eleven people were killed, the conflict has taken on an increasingly popular dimension. This has looked like direct actions, marches, material support and expressions of solidarity from across Mexico and beyond, in numbers far too large to recount individually.
By way of example, here are some of the actions that have occurred over the past few weeks. Parents and teachers took over toll booths in both Mexico City and Durango for a day, allowing cars to pass through for free. On July 3, an explosives device was detonated at the headquarters of business associations in Mexico City who have been lobbying the government to crush the uprising. There were three days of intense mobilizations from July 5-7 in Mexico City. On the first day, there were at least 70 simultaneous blockades and marches, followed by four mass marches on July 6, and at least ten blockades on July 7.
The Zapatistas have continued releasing statements in support of the teachers' struggle, stating, “To say it more clearly: for us Zapatistas, the most important thing on this calendar and in the very limited geography from which we resist and struggle, is the struggle of the democratic teachers' union.” They also went further and announced that they were suspending their participation in the July 17-23 CompArte Festival for Humanity, which they had called for earlier this year. Instead, they sent delegations from all the Zapatista caracoles to donate the food they would have eaten during the seven day festival to the teachers in resistance in Chiapas. This amounted to 290,000 pesos (15,600 USD) worth of food.
In recognition of the contribution of the people to their struggle and the fact that the people have demands which extend beyond the immediate concerns of the union, on July 9, Section 22 of the CNTE in Oaxaca called for a gathering of teachers and indigenous leaders to “build a peoples' agenda against structural reforms.” The union met with authorities from 90 municipalities in the state. Important to note is that these authorities are selected as the moral leadership of their communities not through a vote based on political party, but through nominations, discussions and agreements reached in community assemblies. The first outcome of that gathering was the Indigenous Peoples Caravan, which traveled from Oaxaca to Mexico City from July 17-19, with the participation of more than 120 municipal authorities and the teachers union. The union is making a similar effort in Chiapas, where they announced union delegates will visit every community in the state to meet with parents and members of civil society. Also in Chiapas, 52 church parishes, primarily adherents to liberation theology, marched in support of the teachers on July 19.
Along with Oaxaca, Chiapas and Mexico City, Michoacán has been holding it down. On July 11, teachers blockaded train tracks at seven different points throughout the state. (Michoacán is home to Lázaro Cardenas, Mexico's biggest port and one of the largest seaports along the Pacific.) A week later, on July 19 and 20, state and federal forces attacked teachers' highway blockades there, with 25 teachers being arrested on July 20. More by coincidence than coordination, an attack also occurred on the highway blockade outside of San Cristóbal de las Casas, Chiapas on July 20. In that incident, state and municipal police loaded armed and masked members of the Green Party (PVEM – a right-wing party distinct from international Green Parties) from San Juan Chamula into a tractor trailer, drove it to the blockade and opened it up, providing cover while the paramilitaries attacked and burned the blockade and encampment. Fortunately there were no deaths, though one teacher was shot in the shoulder by a paramilitary. In response, teachers and supporters regrouped in the city center of San Cristóbal, taking over the old city hall and flying a red and black flag from it. (Along with the anarchist connotations, a red and black flag flying from a building in Mexico typically signals that the workers in that building are on strike.) They then marched back to the site of the blockade and built it up once again, where it remains. More context on San Juan Chamula to come later in this piece.
At the same time that all these actions have been occurring, the CNTE and the Interior Ministry have been holding negotiations. They have met a total of six times, addressing political, educational and social issues. At each meeting the teachers come prepared with specific proposals and ask the government to do the same. After each meeting the end result has been the same: no progress. They will meet again on July 26.
In an attempt to subvert the mobilization of the CNTE, the Public Education Ministry has begun negotiations with the National Union of Education Workers (SNTE), the union that all teachers in Mexico belong to and of which the CNTE is considered a “dissident faction.” While telling the CNTE that the educational reform is non-negotiable, the government has indicated to the SNTE that is it willing to modify it. The CNTE responded to this by referring, in an official statement, to the SNTE leadership as “the system's rats” who “are being increasingly exposed as true mercenaries and scabs.”
The last bit of news from the electoral realm is that on July 14, Andrés Manuel López Obrador (AMLO) – who for Mexican politics is something like a never-ending Bernie Sanders – proclaimed, “You can't repeal the educational reform; that would be a failure of government and doesn't serve anybody. There must be authority.” AMLO's latest party, MORENA (he used to be PRI, then PRD), has tried to capitalize on the teachers' strike to grow their numbers yet its partisans have been notably silent regarding their leader's rejection of the main demand of the strike.
In some sad news, a teacher, José Caballero Julián, who was wounded on June 11 when state forces attacked the teachers' encampment in front of the Oaxaca State Institute of Public Education (IEEPO), died of their injuries on July 5. In addition to the eleven massacred in Nochixtlán, Azarel Galán Mendoza who was killed in Viguera and Salvador Olmos García, the anarchist and journalist murdered by police in Huajuapan, Caballero's death brings the total to fourteen killed by the state in Oaxaca during the course of the rebellion so far.
While the growing national mobilizations initiated by the teachers' strike has dominated headlines and coverage from Mexico, there are of course numerous ongoing resistances that at least on the surface can be seen as independent of that struggle. The matter pending before the union and the people in resistance is if and how these fights, most of which are directed against neoliberal capitalism and the state, can be coherently integrated into a broader movement. As mentioned above, steps have been taken in that direction, but for the most part it is still the teachers union at the wheel.
Students from the Xochimilco, Azcapotzalco and Iztapalapa campuses of the Autonomous Metropolitan University (UAM) in Mexico City won a major victory earlier this month after occupying the university President's Offices. The takeover was in response to cuts in scholarships for studying aboard or elsewhere in Mexico. After holding the building and following a twelve hour meeting with the administration, they left with the university agreeing to fund 100 percent of scholarships. Also in Mexico City, riot police attacked a gathering of indigenous peoples at the Monument to the Revolution on July 15. The organizations and communities were protesting their exclusion and the exclusion of indigenous practices from the process Mexico City is currently going through to restructure its form of governance.
The violence continues unabated in Veracruz, where on July 7, Jairo Guarneros of the Colectivo Feminista Cihuatlahtolli in Orizaba, survived an assassination attempt that occurred one day after they denounced the police murder of a woman riding in a taxi. After killing the woman, the police fled the scene. Pedro Tamayo Rosas became the 17th journalist murdered in Veracruz during the reign of Governor Javier Duarte. Shot eleven times at their home on July 20, Tamayo lived in and reported on the Tierra Blanca region. They had previously fled the state following threats they received for their coverage of the disappearance of five young people by police in that region in January.
With their legacy of oppression, violence and exploitation, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto certainly has a lot to make amends for. So what did they actually decide to apologize for? On July 18, they asked forgiveness for the “perception” of wrongdoing that occurred when in 2014 their wife purchased a $7 million mansion – known as the White House – in Guerrero from a corporation that had tens of millions of dollars' worth of government contracts. Two days later, the well-known journalist who broke the story, Carmen Aristegui, was sued by their former employer, MVS Radio, to stop the publication of a book on the Casa Blanca scandal. MVS fired Aristegui in 2015 after they first reported on the story. Naturally, MVS and the federal government deny any collusion.
In Cuidad Ixtepec in Oaxaca, organizing continues against attempts by the Canadian mining company Linear Gold Corporation to mine in the area, a project that would not only damage the environment but also archeological sites. On July 12, indigenous women from Ixtepec destroyed a concrete topographical marker put in by the company, followed by a 500-person protest a week later.
This weekend, Oaxaca is seeing three days of festivities for the Tenth Annual Teachers-Peoples Guelaguetza. Guelaguetza is both an indigenous concept and celebration premised on mutual aid and community participation, where communities from around the state come to the city of Oaxaca and hold marches, banquets and dances conveying the traditions of each community. The biggest festival of the year, the Guelaguetza became commercialized by the state, with tickets to attend costing $40, well beyond the reach of the average Oaxacan. Following the 2006 uprising, the Popular Assembly of the Peoples of Oaxaca (APPO) announced a boycott of the official Guelaguetza and ever since the teachers union and civil society groups have been organizing their own free version. Here's the promo trailer for this year:
As was mentioned above, the Zapatistas stated they were suspending their participation in the CompArte (a spin on the words “art” and “sharing”) Festival for Humanity. In one statement, they offer a breakdown of the original plans for the 1,400-plus artists who were going to participate (along with a video of Zapatistas dancing to Ska-P). In response, CIDECI-Unitierra, who often assists in the organization of Zapatista events in San Cristóbal, announced they'd still be holding an abridged version of the festival. In response to that response, the Zapatistas backed off their decision to not participate at all and invited everyone to come to Oventik on July 29 to participate in a condensed presentation of what they had prepared for the festival.
The last piece of news from Chiapas brings us back to San Juan Chamula, some of whose residents attacked the teachers' blockade on July 20. Following that incident, several communities in the municipality of Chamula released a statement condemning the attack, expressing their support for the teachers, and threatening, “The municipality of Chamula will rise up in arms if necessary. If the government doesn't want peace, then we won't give them peace.” The Zapatistas also presciently stated, “And some unsolicited advice: don't play with fire in Chamula. The unrest and division you are inciting in that town with your stupidities could provoke an internal conflict of such terror and destruction that you wouldn't be able to quash it with social network bots or paid ‘news' articles or the little money that Manuel Joffrey Velasco Baratheon-Lannister has left in the state treasury.”
And then three days later it happened. On July 23, a group of individuals affiliated with the PRI showed up at the town hall demanding that the mayor – affiliated with the PVEM – pay them the money they owed them for their artisanal work. They refused to do so at that moment and the PRIistas stormed the building. The mayor and their bodyguards opened fire and an hours-long shootout commenced in the center of the town. In the end, five people were killed, including the mayor.
San Juan Chamula is a popular tourist destination due to its religious festivities and proximity to San Cristóbal. It is also a deeply divided Tzotzil municipality. This began decades ago following the conversion of growing numbers of Chamulans to evangelical Christianity by outside missionaries. They clashed with those who remained adherents to the indigenous-Catholic tradition that emerged following colonization, using the pretext of religion to settle disputes over land and territory, leaving dozens dead. Political parties – primarily the PRI and PVEM – have supported or attacked these factions depending on the needs of power, leading to events like the ones seen on July 20 and 23. Another conflict between the PRI and PVEM caused the deaths of two people and the displacement of 81 in Chenalhó, Chiapas on May 26. Manipulation of internal divisions by political parties within a context of neoliberal exploitation is one of the main factors pushing many indigenous communities to organize for autonomy, to ban political parties and to return to making decisions using community assemblies according to practices generically referred to as usos y costumbres.
In our last bit of news, some anarchists in Tijuana published a roundup of some of their activities in recent months, including sabotage attacks and banner drops – some in solidarity with anti-police and anti-fascist mobilizing in the US and anarchist political prisoners worldwide.
