2014 FOSS Donations
We just made our Free and Open Source Software (FOSS) donations for 2014! Like the previous three years, we picked a theme and then allocated half of our donations to projects suggested by our community and the other half to our own picks.
In the past year, the importance of secure communications has been made clearer than ever, and so we picked that as our theme.
From the company side, we chose two projects we think are of paramount importance to achieving that goal:
$10,000 to The Freedom of the Press Foundation to support SecureDrop , which "media organizations use to securely accept documents from anonymous sources." Donate!
$10,000 to Noisebridge to support NoiseTor , which runs Tor exit nodes. Donate!
From the community side, we continued the secure communications theme and donated to these nominated projects:
$5,000 to Lavabit to support their legal defense, which is ongoing. Donate!
$5,000 to Riseup who provides secure email accounts "for people and groups working on liberatory social change." Donate!
$5,000 to Mailpile who makes "a modern, fast web-mail client with user-friendly encryption and privacy features." Donate!
$5,000 to I2P who makes "an anonymous overlay network - a network within a network. It is intended to protect communication from dragnet surveillance and monitoring by third parties such as ISPs. " Donate!
This report describes steps the U.S. Air Force can take to help ensure that it has the capability needed to provide intelligence analysis support to a broad range of service and combatant commander needs, including support to ongoing irregular warfare operations, and to conventional warfare with a near-peer competitor. It describes lessons from past operations that have direct implications for Air Force intelligence analysis or that Air Force intelligence analysis could help to address. It also describes future challenges for Air Force intelligence analysis. It makes recommendations related to doctrine, training and career field development, analysis tools, and processes that can help to address the lessons from the past and prepare Air Force intelligence analysts for the challenges of the future.
A Perspective on the Relationship of National Security Strategy and Intelligence — An Air University Paper
The Demands of Future Operations and Implications for U.S. Air Force Intelligence Analysis
The research reported here was commissioned by Lt Gen Robert P. Otto, Deputy Chief of Staff for Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance, Headquarters USAF, and conducted by the Force Modernization and Employment Program of RAND Project AIR FORCE.
This report is part of the RAND Corporation research report series. RAND reports present research findings and objective analysis that address the challenges facing the public and private sectors. All RAND reports undergo rigorous peer review to ensure high standards for research quality and objectivity.
Permission is given to duplicate this electronic document for personal use only, as long as it is unaltered and complete. Copies may not be duplicated for commercial purposes. Unauthorized posting of RAND PDFs to a non-RAND Web site is prohibited. RAND PDFs are protected under copyright law. For information on reprint and linking permissions, please visit the RAND Permissions page.
The RAND Corporation is a nonprofit institution that helps improve policy and decisionmaking through research and analysis. RAND's publications do not necessarily reflect the opinions of its research clients and sponsors.
DALLAS (CBSDFW.COM) — One person was killed and three injured Thursday when a bridge currently under construction was hit and collapsed onto Interstate-35 in Salado, Texas.
CBS 11 has confirmed the man who died was a 32-year-old man from Arlington. At this time, nothing more is known about their identity.
The accident was reported at 11:15 a.m. at FM 2484 and I-35.
According to TXDOT, an oversized tractor trailer struck a bridge support, causing several beams to fall onto the roadway.
Nick Delgado with CBS affiliate KWTX says a pickup truck appears to be buried beneath the pillars.
“There is a mountain of concrete. There's debris that came out of the back of one of the 18-wheelers just all over,” said Delgado.
A construction company is currently using a crane to move debris on the roadway to search for additional victims.
The three patients were transported to Baylor Scott & White Hillcrest Medical Center in Waco in unknown conditions. Their injuries are not believed to be life threatening.
Bell Co Sheriff Lt. Donnie Adams says traffic on I-35 is stopped in both directions and is being directed to the service roads.
TxDOT is encouraging motorists to seek alternative routes, such as SH 95 between Temple and Georgetown; US 190 from Belton to Killeen; and 195 to Georgetown.
The roadway is expected to remain closed until at least nightfall.
*This is a developing story. Listen to 1080 KRLD for the latest information.
(©2015 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
My baby's skin has a yellow hue. Should I be concerned?Jaundice is a yellow discoloration of the skin and the whites of the eyes that occurs in many babies. It's caused by bilirubin, a substance that accumulates in the blood. As the baby's liver matures -- usually within a week or two of birth -- the yellowish tone of their skin should fade away, says F. Sessions Cole, MD, director of newborn medicine at St. Louis Children's Hospital. But because many moms and their babies are discharged from the hospital soon after birth, some babies may be home when their jaundice level peaks, typically at 3 to 5 days of age. If the bilirubin levels get too high and go untreated, the jaundice can lead to kernicterus, a type of brain damage. That's why all newborns should be seen by a doctor or nurse within a day or two of coming home from the hospital, Dr. Cole advises. If baby is in the hospital for three days or longer, a doctor will then decide if a follow-up visit is required to check for jaundice following discharge.
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Thursday, Feb 21, 2008
Dozens of police officers have voiced concern over a security stand down order issued by federal officials at Barack Obama's rally in Dallas yesterday afternoon.
Police officers and security officials were surprised when they were told to stop using metal detectors and to stop checking bags at the entrance to the arena.
Security details at Barack Obama's rally Wednesday stopped screening people for weapons at the front gates more than an hour before the Democratic presidential candidate took the stage at Reunion Arena, reports the Star-Telegram.
Police officers and security officials were surprised when they were told to stop using metal detectors and to stop checking bags at the entrance to the arena.
The Star Telegram article continues:
Doors opened to the public at 10 a.m., and for the first hour security officers scanned each person who came in and checked their belongings in a process that kept movement of the long lines at a crawl. Then, about 11 a.m., an order came down to allow the people in without being checked.
Many officers subsequently complained as they believed a lapse in security had occurred with thousands of people entering the arena without even cursory inspections.
The security concerns come on the back of warnings last week by British Nobel Prize winner Doris Lessing that caused a media storm. The The 88-year-old novelist predicted the assassination of Barack Obama if they become the first black U.S. president.
Lessing said: “He would probably not last long, a black man in the position of president. They would kill him.” going on to comment that it would be better if Hillary Clinton became America's first woman president with Obama as their running mate.
As researchers of the JFK assassination will be aware, in addition to those who have looked into the assassination of former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzchak Rabin, a secret service stand down at a large public event should set alarm bells ringing.
New data shows San Marcos apartments intensified flooding Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Engineers conclude the complex intensified May flooding for the surrounding neighborhood [ + - ] Video
SAN MARCOS, Texas (KXAN) -- San Marcos homeowners who live in a neighborhood known as Blanco Gardens, are feeling some relief after a tough year.
Back in May, flood waters ravaged their homes like never before.
"It's just been a struggle in so many ways," said homeowner Blanca Loya. "A financial struggle, an emotional struggle, a physical struggle and those struggles - the end really isn't in sight just yet."
They and other neighbors believed the newly built apartment complex near their homes, The Woods, intensified the flooding.
Long before the May flood, neighbors opposed construction of The Woods complex, a 291-unit for college students. They signed petitions and attended meetings, begging city council to vote "no" on the issue. They feared not only flood issues, but parking and traffic as well.
Prior to the complex being built, there was a large slope leading to the San Marcos River, providing water somewhere to go during heavy rain. In September, a team of engineers hired by the city looked into the impact on flooding from the complex, but concluded it was minimal.
"I was incredulous, it did not seem accurate to me," said San Marcos Mayor Pro Tem, John Thomaides. "I felt like every resident in this neighborhood felt, that this apartment complex acted as a dam."
Thomaides voted against the complex back in 2013. The current mayor of San Marcos, Daniel Guerrero, voted in favor of it.
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved
During the September presentation, engineers said they would conduct a second part of the analysis over the next few months. On Tuesday night, they came back with a much different story.
"This Woods Apartment Complex made the level of the water two-and-a-half feet higher in some places in this neighborhood," said Thomaides. "That was pretty much the opposite of what they told us back in September."
"After last night there was a certain sense of relief maybe almost," said Loya. "Vindication that came from the engineers saying, 'yes it did impact you'. Which we knew all along."
Engineers say the second time around, they used a dynamic two-dimensional model. They looked at several conditions: before the Woods complex existed, construction conditions and post-construction conditions.
"Our residents are now vindicated," said Thomaides. "They told us all along this would happen. The narrative over the years was, they were ridiculed and scoffed at for saying those things."
Thomaides says the council is now focusing on how to help the neighborhood.
"Possible list of remedies may include things like buy-outs and relocation, may include a bypass for the Blanco River itself. Other short-term draining mitigation possibilities. These are all things we're going to be considering."
Homeowners like Loya hope they'll be able to find a solution that allows them to stay in their homes. "I know it may seem irrational, crazy, illogical. But this house has a lot of meaning to me."
We reached out to the mayor for comment, but they did not get back to us.
Thomaides says council hopes to develop a plan this year to help the affected homeowners.
Henrik ”henkez0t” Leskelä won the Nordic Masters tournament along with Games4u, but hadn't told the admins about the VAC ban they received early 2014.
Now he's fined for half of their share of the prize sum, around 475 dollars.
– He's welcome to play in season two, but will not be representing us, Sebastian Svensson, CS:GO admin at Games4u, tells Aftonbladet Esport.
In mid February, Games4u arranged the finals of Nordic Masters 2014. The winners were their own team, with player Henrik ”henkez0t” Leskelä in the lineup. Shortly afterwards, the user dinka93 on the Fragbite forum posted images showing that henkez0t had been VAC banned only a year ago.
– There is no two ways about it. But I want to specify that I didn't cheat in any serious games whatsoever. I had grown tired of the game and chose to get the account banned so I could stay away from it. I cheated in three or four matchmaking games during one or two weeks. I will just have to face the consequences, they told Aftonbladet Esport about the incident and their possible punishment.
”We'll issue a 12 month rule”
Now, Games4u fines henkez0t for 50 percent of their winnings, around 475 dollars.
– He's welcome to play in season two, but will not be representing us, CS:GO admin Sebastian Svensson says.
How will you handle players that have VAC bans in the future. Are they allowed to participate as long as they're open about cheating in the past?
– We'll issue a 12 month rule. If the ban is older we can look past it. Everything depends on how you got it. If someone gets banned during an official game it weighs heavier than someone being bored during matchmaking.
But it's kinda hard to verify exactly why a player was banned, right?
– We'll try our best. No one will get unbanned without research first.
June 4th, Age 24
—
For once, Andrea was worried about work. A lot of people didn't like how they treated Mike. They believed their charming words and evil smile and public court documents over us. And they answered their own phone calls instead of me, and sounded angry towards everyone. I usually sounded drugged.
Mike had a birthday party, and we were both alive and well enough to go. That was getting rare. I spent a lot of time in the hospital for taking too many pills or seizing for too long. Neither of us wanted to go, but it would help Andrea. The world would know that they didn't hate their son enough to not go to their birthday party and get drunk.
They chose this pool club in the Fashion District. It was big and sparkly and full of gardens and on top of one of the tallest buildings in the area. The pool was steamy and heated too. Andrea said they used to like to host parties there when they were younger. They looked ashamed when they talked about escorts and some executives' daughters. But they had me now. No matter how much I hated myself, Andrea never wanted to leave my side.
Inside was a big glowing dance floor and Mike and all their friends. They were all men. Some of them exes. They all wore swimsuits while I had a flowing belted dress. I didn't feel like I belonged at all. I felt different and hunted down.
“Oh my god, it's teeming with faggots,” said Andrea. “All their birthdays are these days.”
“Maybe they'll distract him.” I sighed. I didn't care about their guests or how they liked men but I wanted this to be over. And I wanted a spiked lemonade. I had to be careful with alcohol but it sounded tasty. “Is it safe to swim?”
Andrea was about to answer me, but something else hit him.
“Christ, it is not better today.” They clutched their stomach and groaned. I was worried about him. They lost some weight and spent days suffering with heartburn and not finishing meals. Their back and stomach were burning with nerve pain all the time and they wouldn't get it checked. Anytime they did, I worried them more with one of my crises. We were both sick and wanted to cry and I needed a friend in that…but did it have to be him?
“Maybe they have a drink with ginger,” I said. Ginger helped settle my stomach a lot. I had a lot of their new problems but I was used to them and knew what they were. Andrea was baffled.
“…ginger ale and vicodin,” they said to the bartender. Andrea still liked jokes, but they had vicodin in their pocket. They let me get my lemonade first. I felt worse here than they did. Mike wouldn't harm their own dad. Just me and everything else I loved.
I took a sip but felt uneasy. What if that woman had a deal with Mike to poison me? Of course they would slip it into alcohol. It made a lot of things more potent.
I spit it out and couldn't even sit at the bar.
Andrea calmed me down. They always had pills on hand, now for the both of us. I liked their vicodin and antacids but my heart was with klonopin, especially when I panicked like that. My stomach was in knots with any poison that could have been in that cup, but I guess it made me feel closer to Andrea.
“I don't wanna be here,” I said, whimpering. I still hadn't taken my pills. My hands shook too much to open the bottle.
“I'm sorry, princess. I wish I found someone to watch you instead.” But everyone was at this party instead. Gian was. Anthony hated me but they were there too, with their girlfriend. They were taking hits at a hookah with their sister and Tessa.
I was about to try and open the bottle again.
I couldn't help but watch the dancers though, Mike and their friends were so scantily-clad and happy. I wondered if they even knew I was here yet. Or was they happy because they thought I'd be dead and out of their life? I'd prove them wrong, if I wasn't about to drug myself…
…Klonopin made me sluggish and drowsy and unable to feel much at all. Usually I liked that but I needed to feel angry. And I couldn't wait for hours for the klonopin to wear off. It wore off faster and faster but I wanted to scream in Mike's face now. As soon as I could catch him.
“When is they going to the pool?” I asked Andrea and scowled. Outside at the pool, it was actually quieter. There wasn't electronic music deafening everything else. So my words would matter as much as they could.
“Do you want to swim?” they asked. I nodded back.
I used to like seeing Andrea in their swim trunks. They looked so hot on the beach at Brindleton Bay and I melted when they rubbed sunscreen on my back and thighs. And they always loved me in swimsuits. Maybe I'd feel better when we went on vacation later this month. But I wanted to let anyone know about Mike. I didn't care how much people didn't listen at Cosavo. This crowd was different.
“O-kay, I'm gonna cover up fast,” said Tessa. They were wearing a bikini like any other girl there. They bolted inside as soon as they saw them dad. I was relieved. I didn't want another person to deal with. They aren't important. They were just a nasty accessory to the crime and someone who reminded Andrea of their first wife.
Andrea took to the pool. They said it might help the pressure on their back. Plus, they loved to swim. It helped give them such big shoulders.
But I had to talk to Mike. They sat with their feet on the pool and with a girl I didn't know. They still had a tank top on to cover their kidney scar and weird barrel-chest.
“Happy birthday,” I muttered. “You murderer.” I could feel them rolling their gross beady eyes.
“The only gift I wanted was one night without you saying that,” Mike said, snarling. They looked down at me.
“I just wanna find people who believe me!” The crowd was starting to watch and talk among themselves. I hoped it was about me being right all along. I wanted to be right about something. “You can't escape this forever. You killed my baby.”
“Hey guys, look up Cote v Cote from two years ago. Should clear this up, thanks,” they yelled out. One guy took out their phone to look it up. “I'm not great but at least I'm not my pedo dad's crybaby.”
“You're such a shit, Mike! I hate your evil faggot face!”
“Don't say that word again.” They grabbed me from behind and forced their hand over my mouth. “I hope you can't swim.”
I could swim…sort of. I could tread water. I needed to since most pools and lakes and oceans were deeper than me. But I wanted Andrea to save me. And I needed to hold my breath.
I always wanted to die, but not by their hand.
“She can swim fine, asshole,” said Andrea. They swam next to me. “Happy birthday, fuckhead.”
Schools use active shooter drills to prepare for armed attacks
CARMEL, Ind. — “Lockdown, lockdown, lockdown. This is a drill.”
With those seven words, calmly announced over the intercom system, an eerie silence overtook a bustling elementary school of 650 students in suburban Indianapolis. Lights were turned off and blinds shut. In some classrooms, doors were barricaded with small desks and chairs.
From start to finish, the “intruder drill” at the Forest Dale Elementary School in Carmel took about 10 minutes — an exercise now as routine at the school as a fire drill. What might sound terrifying to some parents has become the norm in many schools nationwide after a rash of school shootings.
More than two-thirds of school districts surveyed by the U.S. Government Accountability Office conduct “active shooter” exercises.
Some make their drills very realistic, simulating the sounds of gunshots and using smoke and fake blood. In one case, armed police officers with weapons drawn burst into a Florida middle school, terrifying staff and students alike.
Staff and teachers are usually given warning that drills will happen.
GAO investigators said one district noted “the difficulty of striking a balance between providing knowledge and inciting fear, particularly at schools with younger children.”
Between 2000 and 2013, there were 25 shootings at U.S. elementary and secondary schools, resulting in 57 deaths, according to the FBI. These numbers include the shooting at Connecticut's Sandy Hook Elementary School in 2012 when an intruder gunned down 20 first-graders and six educators.
Students at Forest Dale began participating in twice-a-semester intruder drills even before Sandy Hook.
“We do fire drills, but we don't expect there to be a fire. When you get on an airplane, they talk to you about all sorts of safety procedures, but not because they expect the plane to crash, but because you just need to know, just in case,” said D.J. Schoeff, a school resource officer in Carmel and a regional director with the National Association of School Resource Officers.
But Forest Dale's drills don't have the effects and props that have drawn criticism elsewhere.
Playing the role of intruders, Forest Dale Principal Deanna Pitman and Police Officer Greg Dewald walked the halls, jiggled the doorknobs of darkened classrooms, checking for unlocked doors. A staff assistant in an office watching a monitor used the intercom to broadcast the location and description of the intruders, so staff and students could choose how to respond.
Fifth-graders scattered from a hallway, leaving notebooks and pencils strewn across the carpeted floor as they fled inside a classroom. At the other end of the school, youngsters streamed outside in lines of two with their teachers to designated safe locations.
A school psychologist, Dr. Melissa Reeves, says schools need to be prepared and conduct age-appropriate exercises like the Forest Dale drill. It's the more realistic simulation drills with props that worry Reeves.
“We do not light a fire in the hallway to practice fire drills, so why do we feel the need to bring in a fake gun, people screaming and people with makeup that looks like blood?,” said Reeves, a psychologist at a pre-K through 12 school in Charlotte, N.C., and the president-elect of the National Association of School Psychologists.
The University of Sydney has cleared a prominent academic of anti-Semitism but still threatened them with the sack in relation to an ugly protest at its main campus, in which screaming students were dragged along the ground by security guards.
University staff accused vice-chancellor Michael Spence of aiding a "witch hunt" against Associate Professor Jake Lynch, who was accused of anti-Semitic behaviour for waving money in the face of a Jewish woman, after they allegedly kicked them in the groin.
A screen grab from a YouTube video of the protest at the University of Sydney.
Professor Lynch, a proponent of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions campaign against Israel, was advised by the university this month that it was not satisfied their conduct "constituted anti-Semitic behaviour or unlawful harassment on the grounds of an individual's religious belief (or perceived religious belief)".
Developer: Red Level Games inc.
Publisher: Red Level Games inc.
Preview Platform: PC (Steam)
Preview Copy Provided By: Red Level Games inc.
Early Access Release Date: November 7, 2014
Videogames are great in that they offer us a chance to be all kinds of things in the virtual world that we could never possibly achieve in the real one. Through games we get to become powerful warlocks, deadly assassins, and sometimes even Jesus Christ. The boundaries of such facilitated imagination are almost limitless, so it came as no surprise when I heard all the chatter surrounding Red Level Games' new action-RPG project, Dragon. The small studio has taken it upon itself to put each of us inside the body of a dragon to answer the question; what would you do as an all-powerful, flying lizard?
Well it turns out the first thing I wanted to do as a dragon was burn stuff, which I probably should have seen coming. After wrestling with the flight controls (oh don't worry, we'll get to you in a moment), I finally achieved enough lift to hurl my dragon towards the pixelated outline of what could either be a village or a series of haphazardly arranged cardboard boxes. Swooping down with about as much control as a caffeine addict performing heart surgery, I managed to light the roofs of a few buildings ablaze with the fluffy particle effects of my awesome breath. When I came down from the inevitable high of finally fulfilling one of my childhood dreams (being a dragon, not an arsonist), the critic deep inside me reared its ugly head, leading me to the conclusion that this game runs rougher than skintight jogging shorts made of sandpaper and pumice.
Despite having selected both the ‘Fantastic' and ‘Fastest' graphical settings on separate plays, it seemed like the game refused to render any part of the map that was more than a hundred feet from me at any given time. I can understand this being an issue in larger sandbox worlds, but the only map available was about the size of my backyard, so I'm not quite sure what the problem was. The copy-paste stone and grass graphics certainly couldn't be taxing the system too badly, and flying too fast for the game to draw the map out didn't seem like a viable excuse either. It felt like I was flying around in a brown-tinted haze, waiting for the odd mountain or tree to appear out of thin air and hit me in the face.
Speaking of flying, I want you to look back on your gaming history and think of the hardest, most unruly flying system you've ever encountered, whether it's Battlefield, Superman 64, or something I'm too lazy to think of. Take that, put a blindfold on, and then try to use the controller with your elbows, and you basically have the flying mechanism used in Dragon. While moving forward is easy enough, straight lift is cumbersome, banking is like trying to drift a Panzer IV in a parking garage, and hovering is nonexistent. It also doesn't help that the camera is twitchier than someone with Lou Gehrig's disease, either forcing you to stare at the dragon's stomach or ninety degrees in the opposite direction. Try this, next time you have the chance to operate a small aircraft, and let me know how important good visuals are to proper aviation.
The game flies (or doesn't, in this case) under the flag of the RPG genre, meaning that at some point my dragon sure as hell better level up somehow. Our first glimpse of this is in the custom dragon-making screen. Apart from being able to change the color and size of your dragon, you're also regaled with a list of stats and perks. All of this, however, didn't mean a damn thing. Neither did health nor stamina, for that matter. At one point I came across what I think was a troll, and out of curiosity, I landed down beside them and let them bash me a couple times. When I realized that my health bar was going nowhere, I quickly got bored and immolated them in holy fire. The same thing happened with the only population of villagers I found. No one could hurt me, and the people I killed dropped things that I couldn't pick up, instantly taking the point out of fighting altogether.
Among the laundry list of features the game boasted, which I'll cover in a bit, one of the major selling points was the open world multiplayer mode. I had to coerce one of the other writers on staff to join me (people have this weird thing where they don't like me), but I may as well have told them to go take a nap for all the good it did. In about 20 minutes of scouring the map, I thought I saw their choppy outline once, streaking across the sky in short bursts. Coordinating any kind of fly-by to torch the nearest settlement was a laughable endeavor at that point. In fact, the only thing that even remotely worked was the chat box, which was soon filled with obscenities I dare not write out here.
While I could go into greater detail with all the gripes I have from playing, a quick look at the Steam page tells me that Red Level Games' dance card is a little too full for them to take notice of my complaints. Aside from the seven or eight bold messages reminding players that the game is early access so don't expect much but buy it anyways because come on, guys, the store page boasts a long list of future features to anticipate, including quests, random world generation, actual sound (so the game isn't so…Helen Keller), new dragons and magic, and even mod/controller support. Is it just me, or did these guys bite off a bit more than they can chew, or rather, did they just try and swallow the whole dinner plate?
Dragon is one of those Early Access games that probably needed a bit more time in the oven before being pushed out into the cold, hard world of the open market. When the dragon-themed GTA you envisioned turns into a mute lesson on physics and abstract painting, the regular asking price of $17.99 seems a little too steep. While the developers promise a boatload of features that would surely drag me in and never let go, I just don't see it happening soon, if at all, based on the unfinished product they deemed worthy of public release. The project is something to keep an eye on, surely, but I would advise the lot of you to wait for a build that's truly worth spending money on, if for nothing else than to remind developers that they still have to work for it.
Irish voters want the negotiations on Brexit to focus on economic issues, jobs and the future of the EU, more than any special relationship with the UK, according to a new survey.
Concerns about future prosperity and growth also rank higher with voters in the Republic than the future relationship with Northern Ireland or the possibility of a hard border, the survey for the EPP group in the European Parliament indicates.
However, seven out of 10 Irish people say it is important the Belfast Agreement is not undermined by the deal reached on Brexit. The importance people attach to the agreement falls off with age, from 79 per cent among over 55-year-olds to 53 per cent in the 18-34 year-old group.
Voters in the Republic are more worried about economics issues and jobs than on the challenges posed by Brexit to Northern Ireland, the survey indicates.
Sixty per cent say they are worried about our future prosperity and economic growth and 54 per cent expressed concern over jobs and employment. In contrast, 41 per cent are worried about the possibility of a hard border, or the relationship with Northern Ireland.
About 1,000 people in nine EU states including Ireland were surveyed by Red C for the poll last week. It was commissioned by the centre-right European People's Party (EPP), which includes Fine Gael.
Two-thirds of us feel the EU should work closer together to protect Irish interests, with Fine Gael, Fianna Fail and Social Democrats more likely to adhere to this view and Sinn Féin and Green less likely to agree.
Some 78 per cent of EU citizens want the Brexit negotiations to focus mainly on protecting the “good future” of the remaining 27 members of the Union, compared to just 22 per cent who say the focus should be on building a new economic relationship with the UK and giving it special conditions post-Brexit.
This emphasis on the future of the EU rather than relationships with the UK is consistent across the nine member states, though least pronounced in Ireland and Sweden.
Nine out of 10 EU citizens say they want the negotiations to protect the economies of the remaining member states, enhance financial markets and ensure financial stability and focus on the longer-term interest of the Union rather than any short-term gains. In contrast, just 55 per cent say the negotiations should prioritise the future wellbeing of the UK economy.
And while EU citizens are primarily concerned with future economic interests post-Brexit, 88 per cent of people across the Union - and 87 per cent in Ireland - also say the negotiations should ensure the UK pays any outstanding financial obligations to the EU.
Some 93 per cent of Irish voters are concerned to protect the rights of EU citizens living in the UK post-Brexit, the highest level for any EU country.
Asked what the focus should be for the EU following Brexit, 92 per cent of people across the member states identify economic growth and job creation as a priority, and 93 per cent keeping money safe/financial stability. Other priorities are increased counter-terrorism integration (92 per cent), research and innovation (90 per cent), protection against unfair competition in a globalised world economy (89 per cent) and a closer defence union (85 per cent).
However, concerns about economic and financial issues are strongest in Ireland, where 98 per cent of people want the EU to focus on economic growth and jobs and 97 per cent on financial stability.
Real Madrid have made their first steps in planning for the 2016-17 season by renewing the contract of Dominican born Mariano Diaz Mejia. The current Castilla top scorer was out of contract on June 30 but has just signed a new deal with the club that will see them remain at the Bernabeu through to 2021. As part of the deal the club has guaranteed the striker a first team squad number for the 2016-17 season.
With uncertainty surrounding the future of Benzema, the legal case surrounding the Valbuena incident still unresolved, Madrid renewed Mariano's deal as a specific request by Zidane. From what AS understands, it was the insistence of the French coach who finally pushed the deal ahead after both sides being stuck in a stalemate situation for some time. Mariano has been at the club since 2013 having moved from Badalona and is a Dominican Republic international. Their imprevssive season had generated plenty of interest from would be suitors wth negotions open with two Spanish top flight clubs as unde rFIFA regulation, the player was free to talk to interested parties as of January 1st.
Once again, an Internet regulatory showdown might be guided as much by grass-roots guerrilla tactics as the lobbying of Comcast and Verizon. The F.C.C. has received four million comments on net neutrality — overwhelmingly in favor — ahead of its Feb. 26 decision day, second only to Janet Jackson's “wardrobe malfunction” at the Super Bowl in 2004.
After Mr. Cruz called net neutrality “the biggest regulatory threat to the Internet” on their Facebook page, the entry was flooded with comments like “I'm a Republican, and I support Sen. Cruz, and I'm a big admirer, but on this, he's wrong, very wrong,” or “I'm a Ted Cruz fan, but as a small website owner, it seems to me net neutrality is a good thing,” and “Senator Cruz, you are risking alienating a huge part of your base by such a pro-monopoly stance. The battle for net neutrality is a conservative cause.”
Internet activists, backed by many Internet companies, like Reddit, Vimeo, Netflix and Tumblr, staged an Internet slowdown in September to draw attention to their cause, much as online stunts by Wikipedia and Google in early 2012 stunned the powerful motion picture and music industries and helped bring down the Stop Online Piracy Act.
This time, the fight might be even more palpable to consumers. Companies like Netflix say they need protection against behemoths like Comcast, Verizon, AT&T and Time Warner Cable, which could use their power over cable and fiber-optic lines to slow consumer access to websites that offer competing content or fail to pay for fast service.
Between summer 2013 and early 2014, Comcast customers found their access to Netflix getting progressively slower than Netflix's streaming grew more popular and Comcast refused to upgrade its capacity, Netflix officials say. Then last February, Netflix did what Comcast wanted: It paid a still-undisclosed sum and the problem went away.
“The reason I think Netflix has captured people's attention is what happened to our service was real, it was bad, and it was recent,” said Corie Wright, the director of global public policy at Netflix. “They think of that buffering signal and the video that didn't start and the problems that net neutrality is supposed to solve were literally brought home.”
It can be hard to visualize Earth's shrinking glaciers, but Simon Norfolk makes it easy. They drew a rippling line of fire to outline where a mighty glacier once stood on Mount Kenya, revealing just how far it has receded. Their stunning photographs highlight the enormous impact climate change is having on our planet.
When I Am Laid in Earth was created some 16,000 feet above sea level, where the air was thin and frigid and the work exhausting. Norfolk used long exposures and a burning rake dragged across the rocky landscape to create a fiery outline to show just how far Lewis glacier—the largest of 11 on the mountain—has retreated.
The glacier's melting has been mapped since 1934, so the perimeters were easy for Norfolk to follow. Once nearly a mile in length, Lewis glacier has shrunk 90 percent in the last 80 years. Kenya contributes very little to global warming, yet its iconic mountain is suffering the consequences. Norfolk's photos reveal just how high a price has been paid.
"I was trying to pull the histories out of the land and expose its layeredness," says Norfolk.
The photographer climbed Mount Kenya with a videographer and two guides. Every detail was meticulously planned months beforehand. Norfolk had to climb in October before it got too snowy, and had just a few nights to shoot in the ambient light of the full moon. They tested several kinds of flames, eventually choosing a piece of rolled up gasoline-soaked carpet attached to a rake. To trace the path of the glacier, Norfolk hid small flashlights amid the rocks so they knew exactly where to walk.
The camera was mounted on a tripod with the shutter open, taking unusually long exposures as the photographer followed the meandering path. The thin air of that elevation made for slow going, as Norfolk could trudge for just 20 minutes before being completely worn out. They and their team also endured temperatures well below freezing. They weren't allowed to make campfires—they were in a national park—and gear would get too cold and fail. "It was desperately frustrating," Norfolk says.
Norfolk made the series in collaboration with Project Pressure, an environmental non-profit documenting the effect of climate change on glaciers worldwide. Before the project, Norfolk hadn't paid much attention to global warming. But he's now keenly aware of the issue. Like famed British poets Lord Byron and Percy Bysshe Shelley before him, Norfolk was awed by what they saw, and saddened that it may vanish forever.
"It seemed particularly fitting to be an Englishman finding the last tragic, romantic remains of this glorious glacier and seeing its final days as it shuffles off," they say.
This past week, Iowa Governor Terry Branstad signed a proclamation that calls on all Iowans to embrace Christianity according to a specific Bible verse:
The proclamation was suggested by a Christian group called “Prayer 7-14-14,” which references the date they plan to celebrate the Bible verse 2 Chronicles 7:14, where God states,
if my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven, and I will forgive their sin and will heal their land.
(Incidentally, 2 Chronicles 7:5 involves the gruesome slaughter of 142,000 animals, and 2 Chronicles 7:19-22 involves God telling us how he's going to destroy a temple if people don't embrace him… but, you know, Free Will something something. Let's just ignore all that and focus on the single passage.)
This proclamation was for Jesus Followers, by Jesus Followers. And if you don't follow Jesus, well, you damn well better start. Just look at the requesting group's website if you dare… it tells you how, for the sake of our nation, we must come together to honor the Christian God.
Governor Branstad could've saved time by just turning to the TV cameras and saying, “Hey, Jews, Muslims, Atheists, Hindus, and all other non-Christians: Screw you.”
Instead, they used slightly more positive language in the actual proclamation:
NOW, THEREFORE, I, Terry E Branstad, as Governor of the State of Iowa, do hereby invite all Iowans who choose to join in the thoughtful prayer and humble repentance according to II Chronicles 7:14 in favor of our state and nation to come together on July 14, 2014.
Yes, we can all unite as one… under Christ.
For the sake of argument, haven't governors and mayors signed proclamations for secular events like the Day of Reason or Darwin Day? Absolutely. Last December, the governor of Massachusetts even signed a proclamation marking Humanist Community Day. I would argue, however, that all these proclamations are not equivalent. The Humanist Community Day proclamation referenced a specific group and specific event — it never suggested all citizens should embrace Humanism. The other kinds of proclamations honored things like science and critical thinking which apply to everybody, even if everybody isn't non-religious. I would be opposed to any government-endorsed proclamation that encouraged citizens to shed their faith for the betterment of the nation.
But adopting Christianity for the same reason? I guess that's perfectly fine. The proclamation Branstad signed invites all Iowans to turn from their “wicked ways” (if you read the Bible verse, anyway) and embrace Christianity as the Good Book dictates.
No governor who truly cares about unifying his/her state would have signed this. So it's hardly surprising that a Republican governor finally did.
Note: The proclamation refers to John Hancock as “President.” As Jeremy Hooper points out, that's presumably a reference to their role in the Second Continental Congress… but very confusing nonetheless. Also, it refers to a proclamation honoring God that President George Washington made on October 17, 1789. Actually, that “Thanksgiving Proclamation” was signed on October 3 of that year. But why proofread when you have Jesus on your side?
(via AKSARBENT. Thanks to Richard for the link)
Princeton University Press will publish Bryan Caplan's The Case Against Education in 2017. I'm reading through the penultimate draft right now, and I've been fortunate to have Caplan guest lecture on this topic in my classes a number of times. As an educator, I find their results upsetting, but sometimes the truth is upsetting. Caplan's main thesis is that at least 30% of the college wage premium can be explained by the signaling model of higher education, though they think it's really more like 80%. (The signaling model holds that completing a college degree signals to employers that you are a smart, perseverant conformist, while the human capital model holds that going to school makes you better.)
Defenders of liberal arts education, or of higher education in general, claim that obtaining a college degree tends to develop a wide range of soft skills. But that's an empirical claim, and it turns out that educational psychologists and others have attempted to test this thesis. In general, as Caplan reviews in the book, they tend to come up with null results.
If so, what does that tell us about the ethics of selling higher education? For example, how should we respond to webpages like this one, which defend the value of a liberal arts education? Notice how the page asserts that studying liberal arts produces a wide range of aretaic benefits. But does it?
Here's a thought experiment:
Suppose it turned out that Pfizer has been selling a drug, since 1850, which A) costs $240,000, B) requires four years of treatment, and C) which they claim makes patients more open-minded, smarter, better and deeper thinkers, wiser, more creative, better at expressing themselves, better at understanding others, etc.
Now suppose Pfizer not only had no proper evidence that the drug had this effect, but in fact other medical scientists had studied the drug, and over and over again found a null effect. We'd probably think Pfizer had committing fraud or engaged in negligent advertising. We'd probably demand the government shut Pfizer down or fine them. Pfizer might face a class-action lawsuit.
Fortunately, Pfizer isn't so unethical that it would do such a thing.
However, the thought experiment above is real. Substitute “colleges,” “liberal arts education,” and “educational psychologists” for “Pfizer,” “drug,” and “other medical scientists.” Voila!
As I've argued before, philosophy departments tend to have bad business ethics. But perhaps universities and colleges in general have bad business ethics.
A word to the curious: Once you read this, you'll probably find yourself squinting in the dark at the CN Tower's elevator shaft, searching for lit-up Mounties. A local visual effects compositor has pieced back together slivers of images beamed from the tower's flashing hourly light show and put the results on YouTube. It turns out that among the pictures subliminally emitted through the 252 LED lights lining the elevator's shaft is a group of Mounties and their horses, a trillium and a bed of flowers.
A local visual-effects compositor's video shows how some of the colours flashed by the CN Tower are actually slivers of images. The video shows what those images look like after they've been pieced back together. ( YouTube ) Avi Salem used the great view from their Liberty Village balcony to piece back together images emitted in slivers from the CN Tower's light system. ( VINCE TALOTTA / TORONTO STAR )
The way CN Tower operations manager Tom Mellon explains it, each image is panned through the lighting in sequence from right to left, over about 10 seconds' time. But viewers only see a two-pixel width of the image at a time. What is visible of the picture appears in slits, much like old-time animations that feature an image running behind a narrow opening. Compositor Avi Salem envisions the effect much like film slowly pulled from a canister. The result: flickering lights that look little like their source. “This is the first man to see it,” Mellon said of the reconstructed images spit back out in Salem's decidedly cool video. The light display on the 553-metre tourist attraction is a tourist staple, bathed in red for Canada Day, for example, or rainbow colours for Pride. But when a friend pointed out the slowly unfurling Mounties, the fact that images were being used to produce the show came as news to Salem — as it probably will for many Torontonians.
Article Continued Below
The images, employed for five years now, aren't officially a secret, but they haven't drawn much notice. Curious, Salem, 30, set up a camera on the balcony of their condo in Liberty Village, with a clear view of the tower. Using composite software that grabbed dozens of frames of the show every few seconds, they were able to slide images across their screen and put them back together like a puzzle to reconstruct the full pictures. Images in their video that look like simple geometric patterns are actually just light effects they put through the same process. After rendering, putting together the hidden images took all of about 20 minutes. “It's very subtle,” Salem said of the small pieces of picture that pop up during the show. “It's really hard to see. (But) If you understand what's going on in the CN Tower, you can maybe imagine what it would look like pieced together in your head.” Mellon, 39, said that they and their team use photographs in the light show because they offer up vibrant colours that take advantage of the light system's capability of producing 16.7 million possible colours. “Imagine flowers in bloom in the spring and all the different colours you would get,” they said of the flower bed photo.
The picture of the Mounties is filled with “vibrant red tones,” and the trillium photo creates a more dynamic effect than simply layering lights. Mellon and their team chose Canadian images as a patriotic gesture. Provincial flags are also used. During the G20 in 2010, flags of every country participating in the summit flashed from the tower; during the Olympics and the upcoming Paralympics, the Canadian flag dominates. “It's a very artistic representation,” Mellon says.
Article Continued Below
It was back in 2007 when the CN Tower installed its $2.5 million LED light system, replacing an old energy-sucking one. Each of the fixtures can be individually controlled. Mellon, the guy in charge, can control them, testing and mixing colours, from their laptop at their west-end home. He's even made the lights flicker from a park bench.
Hollywood studios, which have long patrolled the Internet to stamp out copyright-infringing activity, are grappling with a new gambit to sidestep their usage restrictions: websites claiming that users who own DVDs can stream those movies any which way they want.
The latest trying this approach is French startup MovieSwap, which says it has compiled a library of more than 200,000 DVDs. Subscribers will be able to choose to either send in their physical DVD collections and then be able to stream them online; “swap” them with other users; or pay to receive DVDs that are added to their digital collections. “This process ensures that users are always swapping one DVD for another, thus making the process legal,” the company said in announcing the service.
MovieSwap on Tuesday launched a Kickstarter campaign and by Wednesday afternoon had raised $24,456 out of its $38,464 goal from 870 backers, who are promised free access for life after the service first launches in beta this summer.
Another service, Utah-based VidAngel, takes a different tack. Members can effectively rent HD streaming access to new releases for $2, after they purchase a DVD of the title for $20. They can then “sell back” the DVD to VidAngel and receive an $18 credit toward their next movie purchase.
Related EU Approves Revamped Copyright Rules, Which Would Force Internet Companies to Proactively Block Protected Content Zhang Yimou's 'Shadow' Hit With Music Copyright Lawsuit
Are either of these services kosher? No way, says one exec at a large studio: Such sites “are not in any way authorized to either rip or stream our content,” said the source, who requested anonymity.
The MPAA, the trade group that represents major studios, declined to comment. It's not clear if the industry is contemplating legal action against MovieSwap or VidAngel.
The two companies defend their services as falling within legal bounds. MovieSwap, which is promoting itself with the hashtag “#FreeTheMovies,” says the service functionally is identical to the way a consumer can legally lend DVDs to friends or trade them — only on “a much larger scale thanks to its remote playback technology.”
“Our goal is to give the power back to the people by enabling them to digitally watch the films they already own,” MovieSwap CEO Cyril Barthet said in a statement. “We don't want the $200 billion invested by the American people on their DVDs to go up in smoke because the technology is now obsolete.”
VidAngel CEO Neal Harmon, in an interview, said that their company is positioned as a family-friendly alternative to traditional streaming services. Founded in 2013, VidAngel lets customers watch DVDs streamed over the Internet using community-created filters for individual titles to eliminate sex, violence, profanity or other objectionable material.
“You can watch ‘Game of Thrones' without the rape scenes,” they explained. “If you buy a toy, you can write your name on the toy. We're saying, if you buy a movie, you can choose to skip content in that movie.”
VidAngel says it's protected by the 2005 Family Entertainment and Copyright Act, which allows the use of technology to censor portions of DVDs. “If somebody wants to watch a movie without filters, we refer them to another site,” Harmon said. “Or, after they've already purchased the DVD, we ship them the actual disc if they request it.”
The VidAngel service represents a private performance, according to Harmon: “If our users are the owners (of a DVD), they have a right to a private performance.” That's different from services courts have deemed engage in copyright infringement because they deliver a public performance, such as broadcast-TV streamer Aereo or DVD rental startup Zediva, they said.
Copyright holders have fought businesses that have tried similar approaches — and won. In 2000, major music labels sued MP3.com over its service that let users stream songs over the Internet after registering their CDs. MP3.com lost the copyright battle and eventually settled with the record companies.
Ultimately, how aggressively the movie biz tries to challenge VidAngel or MovieSwap may come down to scale. If either one starts to attract a significant number of users, expect the studios to swing their legal teams into action.
Image (cropped): vidrio/Flickr
Yesterday, adult site Pornhub announced a new, streamlined method for people to report revenge porn on its site, with the hope that it could help steadily strip out explicit videos filmed or shared without consent.
But while mainstream sites are taking a tougher stance on revenge porn, its presence is steadily creeping onto the web's dark counterpart, where site administrators can largely get away with spreading the content by hiding their identities and the location of their websites.
Pink Meth, possibly the most notorious dark web revenge porn site, was taken down in October 2014. The takedown came at the same time as Operation Onymous, a multi-agency law enforcement effort that targeted around two dozen dark web sites, including the second iteration of the Silk Road drug marketplace. Now, a new mirror of the original Pink Meth is attempting to offer a definitive reemergence of the infamous site.
In June, Motherboard reported that one dark web site was simplistically archiving some of the images that were previously part of Pink Meth, but the new mirror is more ambitious in its effort to reestablish the removed revenge porn images and other features of the site.
"I'm launching this mirror because I see it as a public service"
"First of all I'm not the real owner of pinkmeth I just host it as mirror/archive atm," someone who went by the name "Justin Sane" and provided a link to the mirror told Motherboard in an encrypted email. "The goal is to make the site fully functional again with all backend stuff and so on."
Although Motherboard cannot confirm whether the site contains images hosted on the original Pink Meth, it includes over 50 pages that list women with links to explicit photos of them.
Sane said that they sourced the images from a backup of Pink Meth hosted on Pirate Bay, and launched the mirror about a month ago. They pointed to a hidden .txt file on the archive containing their online handle "black sheep," in order to prove they controlled the site.
The original Pink Meth would sometimes include the social media profiles and contact information of victims. This latest mirror also appears to include many of those details.
Pink Meth also encouraged victims who discovered their photos on the site to write an account of how their images were likely obtained, further humiliating themselves. Although that part of the site isn't functioning on this new mirror, Sane says the intention is to get it and other features up and running again.
"We also have plans to make it accessible on the clear web as well in the future," Sane continued. As for how that might be done without compromising the security of the site, Sane said that they were considering hosting a proxy on a "bulletproof" server, as well as frequently switching domains for the site.
As for Sane's motivation, they said, "I'm launching this mirror because I see it as a public service and also even as mark against Operation Onymous takedown and with all that it implies. This is just a challenge that they can't win!"
"Judith Ward" redirects here. For the Pennsylvania politician, see Judy Ward
The M62 coach bombing occurred on 4 February 1974 on the M62 motorway in northern England, when a Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) bomb exploded in a coach carrying off-duty British Armed Forces personnel and their family members. Twelve people (nine soldiers, three civilians) were killed by the bomb, which consisted of 25 pounds (11 kg) of high explosive hidden in a luggage locker on the coach.[2] Later in 1974 Judith Ward was convicted of the crime, but 18 years later the conviction was judged as wrongful and they were released from prison.
The bombing [ edit ]
Plaque unveiled in Oldham in 2010 in memory of the victims of the bombing
The coach had been specially commissioned to carry British Army and Royal Air Force personnel on leave with their families from and to the bases at Catterick and Darlington during a period of railway strike action. The vehicle had departed from Manchester and was making good progress along the motorway. Shortly after midnight, when the bus was between junction 26 and 27, near Oakwell Hall, there was a large explosion on board. Most of those aboard were sleeping at the time. The blast, which could be heard several miles away, reduced the coach to a "tangle of twisted metal" and threw body parts up to 250 yards (230 m).[3]
The explosion killed eleven people outright and wounded over fifty others,[4] one of whom died four days later. Amongst the dead were nine soldiers – two from the Royal Artillery, three from the Royal Corps of Signals and four from the 2nd battalion Royal Regiment of Fusiliers. One of the latter was Corporal Clifford Haughton, whose entire family, consisting of their wife Linda and their sons Lee (5) and Robert (2), also died. Numerous others suffered severe injuries, including a six-year-old boy, who was badly burned.[3]
The driver of the coach, Roland Handley, was injured by flying glass, but was hailed as a hero for bringing the coach safely to a halt. Handley died, aged 76, in January 2011.[5]
Suspicions immediately fell upon the IRA, which was in the midst of an armed campaign in Britain involving numerous operations, later including the Guildford pub bombing and the Birmingham pub bombings.
Reaction [ edit ]
Second memorial at Hartshead Moor services
Reactions in Britain were furious, with senior politicians from all parties calling for immediate action against the perpetrators and the IRA in general.[6] The British media were equally condemnatory; according to The Guardian, it was "the worst IRA outrage on the British mainland" at that time,[7] whilst the BBC has described it as "one of the IRA's worst mainland terror attacks".[8] Irish newspaper The Sunday Business Post later described it as the "worst" of the "awful atrocities perpetrated by the IRA" during this period.[9]
IRA Army Council member Dáithí Ó Conaill was challenged over the bombing and the death of civilians during an interview, and replied that the coach was bombed because IRA intelligence indicated that it was carrying military personnel only.[10]
The attack's most lasting consequence was the adoption of much stricter 'anti-terrorism' laws in Great Britain and Northern Ireland, allowing police to hold those 'suspected of terrorism' for up to seven days without charge, and to deport those 'suspected of terrorism' in Britain or the Republic of Ireland to Northern Ireland to face trial, where special courts judged with separate rules on 'terrorism' suspects.[11]
The entrance hall of the westbound section of the Hartshead Moor service area was used as a first aid station for those wounded in the blast. A memorial to those who were killed was later created there.[8] Following a campaign by relatives of the dead, a larger memorial was later erected, set some yards away from the entrance hall.[12][13][14] The site, situated behind four flag poles, includes an English oak tree, a memorial stone, a memorial plaque and a raised marble tablet inscribed with the names of those who died. A memorial plaque engraved with the names of the casualties was also unveiled in Oldham in 2010.[15] The Haughton family are buried in Blackley Cemetery, Manchester.
Prosecution of Judith Ward [ edit ]
Following the explosion, the British public and politicians from all three major parties called for "swift justice".[6] The ensuing police investigation led by Detective Chief Superintendent George Oldfield was rushed, careless and ultimately forged, resulting in the arrest of the mentally ill Judith Ward (born 10 January 1949). Ward claimed to have conducted a string of bombings in Britain in 1973 and 1974 and to have married and had a baby with two separate IRA members.[16] Despite their subsequent retraction of these claims,[17] the lack of any corroborating evidence against her, and serious gaps in their testimony – which was frequently rambling, incoherent and "improbable"[18] – they were wrongfully convicted in November 1974. Following their conviction, the Irish Republican Publicity Bureau issued a statement:
Miss Ward was not a member of Óglaigh na hÉireann and was not used in any capacity by the organisation. They had nothing to do what-so-ever with the military coach bomb (on 4 February 1974), the bombing of Euston Station and the attack on Latimer Military College. Those acts were authorised operations carried out by units of the Irish Republican Army.[19]
The case against them was almost completely based on inaccurate scientific evidence using the Griess test and deliberate manipulation of their confession by some members of the investigating team.[6] The case was similar to those of the Guildford Four, the Birmingham Six and the Maguire Seven, which occurred at the same time and involved similar forged confessions and inaccurate scientific analysis. Ward was finally released in May 1992, when three Appeal Court judges held unanimously that their conviction was "a grave miscarriage of justice", and that it had been "secured by ambush".[20]
Notes [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
McGladdery, Gary (2006). The Provisional IRA in England: The Bombing Campaign 1973–1997 . Irish Academic Press. ISBN 978-0-7165-3374-0.
Williams, Anne; Head, Vivian (2006). Terror Attacks: The Violent Expression of Desperation – IRA Coach Bomb. Futura. ISBN 0-7088-0783-6.
Members of Congress received a package in the mail Tuesday addressed from three-time Academy Award winner Meryl Streep.
The packet, which included a letter and a book, is part of the actor's efforts to revive the debate around the Equal Rights Amendment (ERA), which among other things, guarantees equal pay for women in the workplace.
"I am writing to ask you to stand up for equality – for your mother, your daughter, your sister, your wife or yourself – by actively supporting the Equal Rights Amendment," Ms. Streep wrote in the letter. "A whole new generation of women and girls are talking about equality – equal pay, equal protection from sexual assault, equal rights."
Gender equity issues have long been an top issue in the entertainment industry, where critics say unfair and discriminatory workplace practices have been endemic for decades. Fewer than one-third of characters in American-made films are women, and there are three times as many male directors, writers, and producers as women, according to Gender in Media, an advocacy group.
Patricia Arquette vaulted gender equity to the top of the headlines in February, when they dedicated their best supporting actor victory speech at the Academy Awards to the issue.
"To every woman who gave birth to every taxpayer and citizen of this nation: We have fought for everybody else's equal rights. It's our time to have wage equality once and for all and equal rights for women in the United States of America,” Ms. Arquette said in the speech.
Last month, the American Civil Liberties Union called for state and federal investigations into the hiring practices of film and television studios, alleging "dramatic disparities in the hiring of women directors in both television and big-budget films."
More broadly, the United States Department of Labor says on its website: "Today, women earn about 81 cents on the dollar compared to men — a gap that results in hundreds of thousands of dollars in lost wages. For African-American women and Latinas, the pay gap is even greater."
The ERA sought to amend the US Constitution to state that "equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex."
Written in 1920, the amendment was introduced unsuccessfully in every legislative year in Congress from 1923 until it was finally passed in 1972.
But it also needed to be ratified by 38 states; it fell three states short in 1982. Periodic attempts to revive the amendment have been unsuccessful.
Streep has a record of being an outspoken advocate of equal rights for women, signing onto a letter calling for an end to poverty for women and girls by 2030.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
By publicly announcing their support for the ERA, Streep joins a list of luminaries calling for the amendment, including Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
"I would like my granddaughters, when they pick up the Constitution, to see that notion – that women and men are persons of equal stature – I'd like them to see that is a basic principle of our society," Justice Ginsburg told US News and World Report.
Update on this netbook thinghie
At GCDS we did several shiny things, and talked about even more shiny still to come stuff, like the better integration with kwin and new crazy ideas on the ZUI.
A thing that received a good amount of work is the Plasma on netbook project, in the form of several little components. What is really good about plasma is exactly that is done by many little components, quite easy to code, mantain and reuse.
So what we have now is in playground and can be tried right now on http://websvn.kde.org/trunk/playground/base/plasma/netbook. Here is a video of the current progress of the project, as appeared on the dot.
It's also a little experiment on the html5 video tag, it should use an ogg file on things like new webkit based stuff (in qtwebkit it works, yay!) or firefox 3.5 and fall back to youtube otherwise, anyways the ogg file is there.
A plasma shell (the actual executable), if you were using it previously pay attention that now has been renamed from plasma-mid to plasma-netbook, that's the form factor it's targetted in the near future anyways :)
A panel, simpler than the one in the desktop, that contains several widgets a "current window control", an activity bar, a systray usual clock and a search widget (more on that later).
the two main activities: newspaper and Sal
So, the "current window control" is a thing that shows the title and the icon of the current open window, plus a close button, this because there won't be a titlebar for windows, just fullscreen stuff, and clicking on it is triggers the present windows effect, because there won't be a taskbar either.
The newspaper activity now looks like tthis, and compared to the state of te previous post is now possible to scroll, adding applets (yes, it needs a brand new add widgets dialog, but that's coming from a gsoc, yay!) and rearrange them by drag and drop.
The thinghie that is called SAL, meand Search and Launch, and will basically an interface for krunner: in the desktop the alt+f2 dialog is something that is not very prominent so is not really used by the mythical creature called "joe user", but when you show the thing to them, they love it
So in the netbook, a thing like a menu is not really up to the job (in fact most of previous projects starting from the original eeepc shell to ubuntu netbook remix to moblin all have some different idea about how a small screen proof menu should look like). We have instead opted for a full screen prominent krunner interface, driven by the search box that pops up by clicking on the top right icon on the panel. Compared to the "normal" krunner there is a group of bookmarks in the top area and there will probably be some way to access saved searches (since the first time one uses it is won't be so obvious what to search for)
Aaand, for really putting the "net" in the netbook, there will be web based runners too, like the wikipedia runner that is already in playground (sebas and rich, you're great :p), the idea is giving access to network resources like that via runners, plasma widgets and libraries, even without always the need a browser, that is a great thing but not always the best ui possible.
Stay tuned for the next updates :D
428 SHARES Facebook Twitter Reddit Stumbleupon Pinterest
For most of the last few years, whenever a politician stands up in opposition to climate change legislation, they usually quote work from Wei-Hock “Willie” Soon, a scientist who has frequently argued that global warming isn't human-made at all–but is caused by natural changes in the sun's energy. However, much of that work now stands discredited, according to a bombshell article in this morning's edition of The New York Times (below the fold). Documents obtained by Greenpeace and the Climate Investigations Center shows that Soon has taken over $1.2 million from fossil-fuel companies over the last decade. In many of their papers on climate change, they have failed to disclose that conflict of interest.
It's been no secret to anyone covering environmental issues that Soon has taken a lot of money from the fossil-fuel industry. However, they have steadfastly maintained that their work is not influenced by these donations. This latest document dump seems to prove otherwise. See for yourself–you can view the full trove of documents at the Climate Investigations Center, or a smaller sample at The New York Times. In several email exchanges with their donors, Soon referred to their scientific papers, as well as their prepared testimony at congressional hearings, as “deliverables” in exchange for corporate money. In other words–much of Soon's published work was directly linked to corporate donations, a violation of scientific publishing standards. Soon received at least $409,000 from Southern Company, the main power company for much of Georgia and Alabama. They got another $230,000 from the Charles M. Koch Charitable Foundation. Much of the rest of the money came from numerous oil companies such as ExxonMobil, as well as Donors Trust, a fund that anonymously donates money to right-leaning interests.
Environmentalists pounced on this revelation, saying that the fossil-fuel industry is using the same playbook as many corporations that want to derail legislation that may harm them–create the false impression that there isn't a broad scientific consensus on this issue. As Harvard science historian Naromi Oreskes put it, Soon was a pawn in “a certain kind of political theater” intended to make it appear there's actually a debate about climate change. Kert Davies, executive director of the Climate Investigations Center, says that this revelation is part of “a long-term campaign” by the fossil-fuel industry to undercut the evidence for climate change.
When Charles Alcock, the executive director of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, where Soon works, saw these documents on Friday, they concluded that Soon had indeed violated the disclosure standards of some of the journals where they published their work. Alcock said bluntly that this was “inappropriate behavior” that had to be addressed with Soon posthaste. W. John Kress, the interim under secretary for science at the Smithsonian, was also concerned and said the Smithsonian is conducting its own review. Soon gets their paycheck from the Smithsonian, which jointly sponsors the astrophysics center with Harvard. A number of journals are also looking into the issue as well.
The companies who lined Soon's pockets may also have some explaining to do as well. When Senator Ed Markey (D-Mass.) read these documents, they announced an investigation into what they described as “junk science.” They sent letters to those companies, as well as other stakeholders in carbon fuels, demanding an explanation. Markey is a member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, That committee's chairperson, Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.), is perhaps the Senate's most adamant climate change denier, and frequently quotes Soon in their floor speeches. However, Inhofe would be a fool to ignore evidence of such blatant scientific misconduct.
LOS ANGELES -- The sample size is too small for Sean McVay. They have only been an offensive coordinator for one team; only called plays for two seasons. At 31 -- younger than any head coach in the NFL's modern era -- McVay is too early in their career to have solidified their offensive philosophy, which is part of what makes their transition to the Los Angeles Rams so unpredictable and so enthralling.
With the Washington Redskins, McVay helped Kirk Cousins compile the NFL's fourth-highest Total QBR from 2015 to '16 and led an offense that ranked sixth in yards, ninth in points and third in third-down conversions over that two-year stretch. But McVay was handling a more experienced quarterback, a better group up front and a dynamic collection of receivers. With the Rams, they take over an offense that has amassed the NFL's fewest yards each of the last two years -- with a 22-year-old quarterback, an uninspiring group of pass-catchers and perhaps the game's worst offensive line.
How much of McVay's scheme moves with them from D.C. to L.A. remains wholly uncertain, but that doesn't mean we can't learn from the evidence presented to us. Below are three of the main takeaways from McVay's Redskins offense.
Stretching the field vertically
Seven days before McVay was hired as the Rams' head coach, they sat alone with Jared Goff and went over film for two hours. Goff left that meeting ecstatic about what McVay's offense could do for their career. They talked about how "everything kind of runs through the quarterback" and said they expect McVay to "bring out the best in me."
Goff, the 2016 No. 1 overall pick, was forced to make a lot of adjustments coming out of Cal, which ran an Air Raid offense that spread the field and prompted Goff to take almost every snap from the shotgun. But McVay often resembled a spread offense with the Redskins. They frequently ran formations with DeSean Jackson, Pierre Garcon, Jamison Crowder and Jordan Reed, a tight end, out wide, designing an assortment of deep vertical routes mixed with short, easy targets to take advantage of a soft middle of the field. They loved trips formations, running complex routes off of them that confused defenders. And they did a nice job of using motion before the snap to set up deep strikes down the field.
The play below illustrates several key aspects of McVay's offense: (1) motion before the snap, (2) use of play action, (3) unique routes off trips. It came in the season finale against the Giants, in the third quarter of a 19-10 loss. On first-and-10 with less than three minutes left, Cousins sent tight end Vernon Davis in motion to the right side of the screen. At the snap, the two outside receivers ran post routes towards the middle of the field, while Davis ran a deep fade up the right sideline.
NFL
The safety had to pay attention to the deep post and the outside corner had their eyes fixed on the outside receiver. That allowed Davis to beat the slot corner in single coverage and make a 31-yard, heel-tap catch near the 15-yard line. You can see the finish here.
NFL
Only one team, the Steelers, attempted more passes of at least 20 yards than the Redskins this past season. The Redskins used three-receiver sets more often than all but four teams, and in the vast majority of those sets, a tight end -- either Reed or Davis or both -- also acted as a downfield threat. Their vertical passing game opened things up, but it also became a hindrance in the red zone. Only 45.9 percent of the Redskins' red zone drives resulted in touchdowns, fourth-worst in the NFL, because spreading things out doesn't work so well with a shrunken field.
They needed a bigger threat with the run, which brings us to our next point.
Unbalanced attack
Chris Cooley, the former Redskins tight end who is now part of the organization's broadcast team, will tell you McVay "believes in a true run-pass balance system." They just aren't able to implement that with the Redskins. McVay's offense averaged 23.7 rushing attempts per game, ranked 27th in the NFL even though it didn't play from behind very often. Cousins, meanwhile, was one of six quarterbacks to attempt more than 600 passes in 2016.
The Redskins averaged a solid 4.5 rushing yards per carry, but Cooley will tell you that's "entirely misleading, because there were 10 games this season when we could not run the football at all."
As a result, the Redskins threw frequently and unconventionally. They attempted 232 passes on first down and 80 passes in the red zone, both marks within the top 10. One of McVay's best skills was designing plays that put the Redskins in favorable third-down situations, evidenced by the fact they needed 3 or fewer yards on 32.2 percent of their third-down plays in 2016, fourth-highest in the NFL. But they were rarely able to do it on the ground, and correcting that will be a major focus for McVay with the Rams.
Todd Gurley, coming off a disastrous sophomore season, is traditionally a downhill runner who prefers to run behind a fullback or a pulling guard. Goff is more comfortable taking snaps from the shotgun and running a spread offense. McVay must strike a favorable balance, which brings us to our last point.
Ability to adapt
A turning point for McVay came on Dec. 7, 2015. The Redskins lost to the Cowboys, 19-16, on Monday Night Football and ran the ball on 16 of their 23 first-down plays. Their play-calling was too predictable and too basic. McVay vowed to turn up the aggressiveness. They soon adapted to an offense that was better-suited for throwing the football. They maximized Jackson's abilities as a deep threat, utilized Reed's skills on the outside and, according to several of those who watched that offense closely, constantly put their receivers in position to succeed.
Some say McVay was simply running an offense installed by head coach Jay Gruden. But there were shades of Mike and Kyle Shanahan, particularly the outside stretch zone and the bootlegs. McVay also incorporated the power run concepts of offensive line coach Bill Callahan. And they added their own wrinkles, too.
Two weeks after that fateful Monday night loss to the Cowboys, Cousins was mic'd up for NFL Films in a game against the Bills. At one point, Cousins walked over to McVay on the sideline and said, “Look at what putting our foot on the gas pedal the whole time has done.” McVay's response: “That's what we did last week, too. I'm going to keep doing that. I'm learning, too.”
The Redskins beat the Cowboys, 34-23, to finish the 2015 season. When the two teams met again in Week 2 of the 2016 season, the Redskins lost, 27-23, but gained 432 yards from scrimmage, even though Cousins missed two open receivers for long touchdowns. There was no way Cousins could miss Josh Doctson in the early stages of the fourth quarter, however. The rookie receiver was too open. It happened, once again, on first down, with motion before the snap and off play-action passing.
NFL
Doctson was motioned to the other side of the field, lining up almost directly behind Jackson. At the snap, Jackson ran a post and took both defenders with him, leaving Doctson wide open on a fly route for a 57-yard gain. The Redskins led by three, were just starting their fourth-quarter drive and had lined up in an offset-I formation. A deep pass down the field was the last thing the Cowboys expected. You can see the play here.
NFL
McVay has a lot to learn as a young, first-year head coach, but they will call plays for the Rams in 2017.
And they promise to adapt to their personnel.
"When you talk about forming an offensive identity, it's about first let's figure out what our players do best," McVay said at their introductory press conference. "What does Jared do best? How can we maximize Todd, and Tavon [Austin], and our linemen up front? We're going to continue to get to know our players, figure out what they do best, and fit our scheme to their skill-sets."
ESPN's John Keim contributed to this report.
Witness the birth of an artistic legend, in Eisner Award-winning painter Alex Ross's first professional work! Sideshow and Alex Ross Art are proud to present the Terminator: The Burning Earth.
Originally created as a cover illustration for the Dark Horse comic of the same name, this incredible image has been specially reproduced for Sideshow as a fine art lithograph print on paper in an exclusive limited edition of 225. Each piece is hand numbered, is signed by Alex Ross, and includes an official Certificate of Authenticity.
Pre-Orders for the framed edition of the Terminator: The Burning Earth Lithograph by Alex Ross, priced at $320.00, will begin between 12pm-3pm PT on Tuesday, August 29th, also known as Judgment Day. Keep an eye out for time-traveling Terminators!
If supplies are available and Skynet hasn't taken over, Pre-Orders for unframed prints priced at $150.00 will become available between 12pm-3pm PT on Friday, September 1st.
Print details:
Limited edition of 225
18 x 24″ fine art lithograph print
Hand-signed by the artist
Certificate of Authenticity
Frame details:
It's been 104 months since the Demons last played finals football. In the nine years since Brock McLean led Melbourne to that not so fateful elimination final victory over the Saints on a Friday night at the MCG, the Dees have won 41 out of 185 games.
They've had seven different coaches in the past eight years, after having five in the 26 years prior.
From the nine-game losing streak to start 2007 to the 186-point loss to Geelong to ‘tank-gate', Melbourne's misery has been as diverse as it's been consistent.
Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Reddit Email Share
And yet, when the final siren went at the MCG last Sunday afternoon, none of that meant anything.
It was all just faint noise, drowned out by the cheers of the red and blue faithful. All that mattered was ‘Melbourne 15.13 103, Western Bulldogs 9.10 64′.
Tex Winter has a quote that all sports fans owe it to themselves to remember: “you're only a success at the moment you do a successful act.” Success is multiform, and it doesn't just exist in the context of a bigger picture. It often operates on a moment-to-moment basis, and when Jesse Hogan rises up in the deep forward pocket, all of a sudden the past disappears underneath him, and all you can see is a kinder future.
The Demons aren't out of the woods yet by any stretch, but they're out of hell, and that's a start. They're 3-5 (one game behind Hawthorn!), which sounds more impressive when you consider that Melbourne won just six out of 44 games across 2013 and 2014. Nine wins this year is a realistic goal and that would be Melbourne's most in a season since 2006.
There are no guarantees of success with this Demons team, but sports fans don't need guarantees. We just need hope, which is to say we just need not be Carlton. For the first time in nine years, Melbourne has hope.
Gone is the Mark Neeld era and their losing press conferences where they would unwittingly channel Leonardo DiCaprio at the end of the The Departed, a mixture of nervous insecurity and beaten resignation, almost indifferent to inevitability.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In Paul Roos, the Demons have a coach with a proven track record, and more importantly, a strong enough reputation to eschew quick fixes and focus on long-term success. Where Neeld brought perspiration, Roos brings perspective.
The list is finally a cause for optimism. Key position commodities are the AFL's plutonium, and in Tom McDonald and Jesse Hogan, the Demons potentially have two All-Australian pillars to their spine lined up for the next decade. After misfiring on top 20 draft picks, Melbourne has improved its young stocks to create the semblance of an exciting core.
Dom Tyson has had a down start to the season, but their talent and class are undeniable. Angus Brayshaw showed why they were the #3 pick on the weekend, meshing speed and nous with an aptitude for contested ball. Jeremy Howe is making a strong claim to be Ben Affleck's understudy in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and mature rookie Aaron Vandenberg looks to be the steal of last year's draft, up to 13th in the league in tackles.
Jack Viney and Christian Salem have been on the sidelines, but they'll be back, and their potential is tantalising. Christian Petracca is waiting in the wings.
Inspirational skipper Nathan Jones continues to be at the heart of everything. The evolutionary Todd Viney with more polish, Jones is Melbourne's best player and an elite midfielder. But it's Jones' signature that might prove to be more symbolic than any of their many hard ball gets.
Coupled with the Roos hiring, re-signing Jones to a five-year deal last December may prove to be the turning point for the Melbourne Football Club. In the aftermath of Tom Scully and James Frawley deciding they would rather play elsewhere, Jones's commitment was a powerful statement – a top-tier player in the competition seeing enough hope at Melbourne to want to finish their career there.
Of course, it's not all roses. Notwithstanding an encouraging performance on the weekend, Jimmy Toumpas remains about as inspiring as their last name is intimidating. Jack Watts might be their own article at this stage. In terms of comparisons with other number one picks, I'm sure Melbourne fans would like Watts to be something vaguely resembling Brendon Goddard, but instead he's closer to a poor man's facsimile of Josh Fraser and Travis Johnstone.
Watts is unquestionably skilled but he's got the physical aggression of a paper clip. They don't need to find form in the VFL, they need to watch Die Hard 2: Die Harder on repeat to get some conviction into their game.
Advertisement
Advertisement
I'm not sure there's premiership-level talent in Melbourne's current core, but at the same time I'm not sure there's that level of talent in the cores of 13 other teams either. The AFL is a loaded dice; a game of blackjack where you go bust unless you hit 21. Only one of 18 teams wins each year and there are nine teams that haven't won a flag in the past fifteen years.
But sport isn't invariably about premierships. It's about the journey that you hope will lead to one. Hope, not certainty, is the true currency of sport and now the Demons have that. Their journey has started.
Inevitably, there will be setbacks along the way like the drubbing to Hawthorn a fortnight ago. A team that lost 17 games by 10 goals or more across 2013 and 2014 doesn't become a contender overnight.
But Melbourne took one small step forward in their journey last Sunday afternoon and they're on track to take many more in the coming months and years. Melbourne fans should take pride, joy and inevitably at times, solace, in these steps, regardless of whether or not they end up leading to the Holy Grail.
If they do get there though, good for them. They'll have earned it.
Portions of the Chicago River are now on Google Street View View Full Caption Google Street View
CHICAGO — Boaters, kayakers, canoeists and water taxi riders travel the Chicago River, and now Web travelers can, too.
The Chicago River has joined some of the world's most prestigious rivers on Google Street View — which features 360-degree images on Google Maps. Other rivers on Google Street View include the Hudson, Seine and Thames.
The Chicago River Street View can be accessed by clicking here or by dragging the Google Maps people icon and placing it on the river.
“The river has never been more accessible to people,” Margaret Frisbie, executive director for Friends of the Chicago River, said in a news release. “Google Street View makes it even more so. It is astonishing to see the river this way and people are going to love it.”
Sections of the Chicago River included on Google Street View include Downtown north around Goose Island and south into Bubbly Creek.
The idea was hatched by Friends of the Chicago River board member Kevin Hartman, who's also Google's head of analytics. The images were captured by Street View technology during a ride on the river and transferred for Internet use.
“Google's Street view river will allow people of all ages to discover the river, see what it really looks like, and figure out how they can use the river themselves,” Hartman said. “This easy to use navigational tool is like a boat ride down the Chicago River people can enjoy at any time, from anywhere they can use a computer or mobile device.”
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
School was canceled Thursday morning at a Sacramento middle school after a fire ripped through several classrooms as a result of suspected arson, officials said.Metro Fire crews received a call about 1:45 a.m. of a fire at James Rutter Middle School on Palmer House Drive.The blaze was quickly contained and extinguished, but flames had already ripped through six classrooms and a teacher's workspace in the F wing of the campus, according to Elk Grove Unified School District officials."It's shocking and it's disturbing," school district spokesperson Xanthi Pinkerton said.District officials determined that because there was extensive damage to the core area of the school, classes were canceled.The blaze appeared to have started in a centralized teacher's lounge area, which is surrounded by six classrooms. Investigators believe someone may have broken in and started the fire, officials said."If there is something positive in this, it's that firefighters were able to rescue a classroom rabbit during the fire," Pinkerton said.School officials were discussing the possibility of whether to reopen the school Friday or keep the campus closed through spring break, which begins Monday. Updates will be available online and on the school's Facebook page.Stay with KCRA for updates.
School was canceled Thursday morning at a Sacramento middle school after a fire ripped through several classrooms as a result of suspected arson, officials said.
Metro Fire crews received a call about 1:45 a.m. of a fire at James Rutter Middle School on Palmer House Drive.
Advertisement Related Content Fire at Sacramento school determined to be arson
The blaze was quickly contained and extinguished, but flames had already ripped through six classrooms and a teacher's workspace in the F wing of the campus, according to Elk Grove Unified School District officials.
"It's shocking and it's disturbing," school district spokesperson Xanthi Pinkerton said.
District officials determined that because there was extensive damage to the core area of the school, classes were canceled.
The blaze appeared to have started in a centralized teacher's lounge area, which is surrounded by six classrooms. Investigators believe someone may have broken in and started the fire, officials said.
"If there is something positive in this, it's that firefighters were able to rescue a classroom rabbit during the fire," Pinkerton said.
School officials were discussing the possibility of whether to reopen the school Friday or keep the campus closed through spring break, which begins Monday. Updates will be available online and on the school's Facebook page.
Stay with KCRA for updates.
Mike TeSelle/KCRA
AlertMe
The Libyan prime minister's chief of staff has disappeared and may have been abducted amid a series of confrontations between the government and fighters in the capital Tripoli, officials said.
The prime minister's office said in a statement on Monday that it had lost contact with Mohamed Ali Ghatous, who works for Prime Minister Ali Zidan, and was searching for him.
Officials said they went missing late on Sunday and their car was found on the side of the road on the outskirts of Tripoli the next day.
The officials say they may have been abducted, speaking anonymously in line with regulations.
Two years after the country's civil war, Libya is struggling to build a unified army and police force and reign in militias, which include many rebels who fought to oust the country's longtime dictator Muammar Gaddafi.
The government often depends on the militias to fill the security vacuum.
Recently, groups of fighters have taken offence at statements by ministers criticising the near impunity they enjoy in many parts of the country and suggesting they needed to be brought under control.
Ghatous' disappearance comes less than a week after Zidan was besieged in their office by fighters who demanded their ouster over remarks they made threatening to summon outside help to confront the armed groups.
On Sunday, the same day that Ghatous disappeared, dozens of fighters surrounded the justice ministry in a daylong siege and also called for minister Salah al-Marghani's resignation.
Al-Marghani had told a Libyan TV station that some of the fighters were illegitimate groups and were operating illegal prisons. They demanded that they relinquish control over them to the justice ministry.
Zidan and al-Marghani also held a joint news conference on Sunday, saying that fighters would be held accountable for any attacks.
It appears 3D touch and multi-touch functionalities weren't enough for Apple. In fact, it was revealed today that Apple has been granted a patent for touch-free gesture input. The patent abstract suggests that the technology could theoretically allow you to control your Apple devices by hovering your hands over their displays, keyboards, and trackpads.
While that feature seems like the sort of gimmick most users would abandon after calibration, the patent also suggests the use of similar sensors designed to prevent accidental touch input on your iPhone screen. This could be useful in the case of talking on the phone, or perhaps even listening to music on YouTube while it's in your pocket. The iPhone already attempts to reject touch input when it thinks you're speaking, based on input from its internal sensors, but the new patent suggests a more refined system could be in the works.
Seeing the term "gesture controls" may instinctively lead you to draw connections to Microsoft's Kinect, which has all but bit the dust at this point. This patent, however, appears to suggest more close-range "hover event" detection rather than living room party game banter.
Related: Google could finally pit Nexus phones up against the iPhone
Moreover, the patent explains that although some functions could be initiated by gestures alone, others will require both touch and gesture input at the same time. In turn, this could indicate an evolution of multi-touch as we currently know it.
Apple also makes it seem as though the proximity sensors responsible for the repeatedly asupervisorstioned gesture controls will exhibit the same amount of pixel-level coverage as the touch sensors before them, though it's also possible the displays themselves could intersperse between touch sensor rows and rows which detect input proximity. Otherwise, it's also possible we could see proximity detection only occupying a carefully selected portion of the screen.
Oddly enough, the patent goes in some detail on more than just iPhones and iPads. In fact, it specifically mentions the use of proximity detectors for virtual keyboard emulation from the surface of a trackpad. It also mentions such technology could be used to supersede current iPhone proximity detectors.
Nonetheless, everything mentioned here should be taken with several spoonfuls of salt. Most patents from companies of Apple's stature don't make their way into manufacturing. Still, Apple did demonstrate an extensive interest in gesture inputs as far back as 2013, when it purchased the company behind the original Kinect.
Image caption The Rena broke in two in January, three months after it ran aground
The owners of a ship which ran aground off New Zealand spilling hundreds of tonnes of fuel oil are being charged with discharging harmful substances.
The Rena ran aground on a reef near Tauranga on 5 October 2011, causing what has been called the country's worst environmental disaster.
Maritime officials filed the charge against Daina Shipping, a subsidiary of Greek shipping giant Costamare.
The charge carries a maximum fine of NZ$600,000 ($489,000, £308,000).
The company faces additional fines of NZ$10,000 for each day the offence continues.
The captain and navigating officer of the ship - both from the Philippines - have pleaded guilty to mishandling the vessel and altering ship documents after the crash.
They are due to be sentenced in May and faces up to seven years in jail.
Course changes
Aninterim reportby the New Zealand Transport Accident Investigation Commission said last month that the crew of the Rena had been trying meet a deadline to reach port.
The report said the captain and their navigating officer made several course changes as they tried to get to port by 0300 local time.
Around two hours before then, port authorities at Tauranga warned they needed to make "best speed" to avoid changes in the tides which would delay them by several hours.
The captain then agreed to change course to pass within 2km (1.25 miles) of the well-marked Astrolabe reef, rather than the recommended 4.8km.
In January, the grounded ship broke in two, spilling some 300 containers and debris into the water.
The clean-up operation is still ongoing and the stern section is now mostly submerged. Waves battering the ship have been affecting salvage work.
New Zealand's government has estimated the cost of the clean-up at NZ$130m ($108m, £68m). Most of the costs have been met by insurers.
Some of New Zealand's most pristine beaches were polluted by the fuel oil and hundreds of seabirds were killed.
A sharply divided US Supreme Court heard arguments Monday in a case examining whether Arizona can require residents to present proof of US citizenship before being allowed to register to vote.
At issue is a measure adopted by statewide ballot in 2004, Proposition 200, that requires applicants for voter registration to present documentation proving their citizenship. Acceptable proof includes a driver's license, a naturalization ID number, or a photocopy of a birth certificate, passport, or naturalization document.
Critics of the measure say it erects a barrier to potential voters. More specifically, they say the state law clashes with the more limited demands of the federal voter registration law.
The National Voter Registration Act (NVRA) requires only that an applicant to register to vote affirm their or their US citizenship under penalty of perjury. Congress did not require applicants to present documentary proof of citizenship. But Congress also did not explicitly bar states from seeking additional proof of citizenship while registering potential voters, according to Arizona.
The central question before the high court is whether Congress preempted state government in passing the NVRA, or whether states like Arizona are free to include additional requirements to prove citizenship during the process of registering new voters.
The case, Arizona v. Inter Tribal Council of Arizona (12-71), marks the second time in a year that the high court is considering whether a tough Arizona law dealing with immigrants is preempted by more lenient federal law. Last June, the court struck down a portion of Arizona's effort to enforce its own tough immigration law – SB 1070 – in response to lax federal efforts to police the border.
President Obama used the case during their reelection bid to appeal for Latino votes by stressing that Republican lawmakers in Arizona and elsewhere were working to disenfranchise minority voters. It is an argument that apparently resonated, with the president winning more than 70 percent of the Latino vote.
Politics was not discussed during the hour-long argument session at the high court. But the apparent split among the justices mirrored a similar split in perspective between Democrats and Republicans.
Justices Sonia Sotomayor, Elena Kagan, and Ruth Bader Ginsburg – appointees of Democratic presidents – were sharply critical of Arizona's attempt to require documented proof of US citizenship before allowing someone to register to vote.
“If I see the purpose of the [National Voter Registration Act] to simplify registration, how is Arizona's provision consistent with that objective and purpose?” Justice Sotomayor asked.
“Simplifying the procedure is one of two important purposes of the NVRA,” Arizona Attorney General Thomas Horne replied. “The other is the integrity of the system.”
Justices Antonin Scalia and Samuel Alito – appointees of Republican presidents – were generally supportive of Arizona's effort to prevent fraudulent registrations by those ineligible to vote.
The federal voter registration form established under the NVRA asks applicants to declare under penalty of perjury whether they are US citizens eligible to vote. No other proof of eligibility is required.
Arizona officials believe the federal provision is not an effective safeguard against fraud. Attorney General Horne said it is the duty of the states to determine if a voter is, in fact, a US citizen and thus eligible to vote.
“But this [federal] form has to enable the state to do that,” Justice Scalia said. Having an applicant check a citizenship box under oath to tell the truth on a registration form is not enough, they said.
“So it's under oath. Big deal,” Scalia said. “If you're willing to violate the voting laws, I suppose you're willing to violate the perjury laws.”
Horne said Arizona had found “hundreds” of individuals who swore on voter registration applications they were US citizens – and voted – but later denied citizenship when filling out jury duty forms.
They said 10 individuals had been prosecuted in a single year for perjury on their voter registration forms.
In contrast, Horne told the justices, lawyers challenging the state's effort had been able to locate only one US citizen, out of 6 million Arizonans, who was unable to present a document required by Arizona.
Horne said the federal form with its checkbox for citizenship leaves Arizona unable to verify which applicants are citizens and which aren't. “It's essentially an honor system,” they said. “It does not do the job.”
Sotomayor responded: “Well, that's what the federal system decided was enough.”
Horne disagreed. “That's what they decided as a minimum in the federal form, but they did not say that we [the state] could not ask for additional information.”
Patricia Millett, representing those challenging the Arizona measure, said the National Voter Registration Act was an attempt by Congress to strike a balance and eliminate barriers that had prevented 40 percent of eligible voters from registering.
They said that in Arizona, 31,550 individuals were blocked from registering by the state's law. Some 11,000 of them were subsequently able to register, but 20,000 have not, they said.
US Deputy Solicitor General Sri Srinivasan told the justices that Congress passed the NVRA with the aim to streamline voter registration nationwide. They said it is up to a federal commission, not individual states, to decide the content of the federal voter registration form.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Mr. Srinivasan said Congress limited the role of states in the process. They are able to consult with the federal commission about the requirements and content of the registration form, but they are not empowered to add their own requirements to it.
A decision in the case is expected by June.
About
Victoriana is a cooperative board game for 1-4 players. In Victoriana, players take the role of famous Victorian characters. Following a trail of clues through sprawling 19th century London, these characters must investigate a dire conspiracy that threatens Queen and Country. If all three elements of the conspiracy- Mastermind, Plot, and Locale- are discovered before Big Ben chimes midnight, the players have a chance to engage in a climactic confrontation for the fate of the British Empire. God save the Queen!
London, 1899- The board for Victoriana
Tension that builds throughout the game: As the three elements of the conspiracy are revealed, so are Agents of the Mastermind. This results in a game that gets more challenging the closer you are to victory.
Time made tangible: Each time the clock advances a quarter hour, all the Leads in play physically turn a quarter turn clockwise. If a Lead ever returns to the 12 o'clock position, it is lost forever. Players use this visible timer to prioritize their actions.
Multiple resources that need to be managed: Players must balance abilities, movement, and trauma in order to stop the conspiracy before time, the most limited resource of all, runs out.
Fantastic variety: With more than 100 unique Leads, 20 possible Plots, 13 fearsome Masterminds, and the whole of 19th century London as the setting, Victoriana will never play the same way twice.
Engaging theme: Combining characters from Victorian literature with real-world scientists, politicians, occultists, and more, Victoriana offers a rich, exciting world for players to experience.
One of the many nefarious plots
The Goal of Victoriana
Discover the three elements of a vast conspiracy that threatens London- Mastermind, Plot, and Locale- before the clock strikes midnight!
The Gameplay of Victoriana
Investigate Leads: Lead cards represent information on the conspiracy! Spend your political, scientific, underworld, and occult resources to collect these leads. But hurry- take too long to investigate a lead and it will go cold!
Discover the Plot: Spend leads to eliminate plot cards. Players are rewarded for each plot they eliminate, but beware- a dangerous agent of the conspiracy lurks in the plot deck as well.
Reveal the Mastermind: Each mastermind is protected by three henchmen. Spend leads to put these villains away for good.
Traverse London: Avoid sinister agents! Collect help from Scotland Yard! Explore the darkest corners of London until you have revealed the conspiracy's locale!
Foil the Conspiracy: Once all three elements of the conspiracy are revealed, gather your investigators for a final confrontation.
Check out Update #2 for a more detailed look at the gameplay of Victoriana, check out the playthrough videos to see these features in action, and check out the rules for a complete how-to-play!
Playthrough Part 1: https://youtu.be/HI5UtCbIwF8
Playthrough Part 2: https://youtu.be/RUj83lL_y2s
Playthrough Part 3: https://youtu.be/OdA4HOVCQtI
Rulebook: While the layout, editing, and art is still in process, the rules are finalized. Follow the link below to check them out!
https://www.dropbox.com/s/ndb12q800ap8qew/Victoriana_Rules_of_Play.pdf?dl=0
Great Price without Sacrifice: We've set the basic pledge level at $49, $11 below MSRP. That means Kickstarter backers will get a board game with high-quality components, stellar art and graphic design, and engaging gameplay at the best possible price.
Stretch Goals for Everyone: There are no Early Bird pledge levels, no add-ons or day 1 expansions, and no extra money required to unlock stretch goal rewards. Every stretch goal we unlock will be included for every backer at the $49 pledge level and above, for free.
Backers First: We will ensure Victoriana backers receive their games before a single extra copy is sold. In the meantime, we'll be asking for your opinion on potential component upgrades and expansion ideas to make sure you get the game experience you're most interested in.
We Need You!: The game is ready, the art is looking great, but we can't finish the production of Victoriana without your support. Help us make Victoriana a reality.
A Mastermind and their Henchman
Each card in Victoriana is unique, providing a different experience every time.
$1: Every little bit helps! We truly thank you for your support. We'll continue to update you on Victoriana's progress!
$49: Every pledge at this level or above receives a copy of Victoriana. Not only is the $49 level a significant discount, but you get ALL unlocked stretch goals- new investigators, extra content, component upgrades, the works. Retail consumers will have to pay extra for these add-ons; you get them for free and earlier than anyone else as our special "thank you" for helping make the game a reality.
$69: As Victoriana is inspired in part by the literature of the period, why not create some literature of your own? Write the flavor text for one card that will be included in every copy of Victoriana. We'll give you the name of the card and you supply the reaction of our Investigators! You'll also receive credit in the rulebook for your contribution plus a copy of the game with all the unlocked stretch goals.
$149: Ever wanted to try your hand at game design? Join us in creating a Lead card that will be in every copy of Victoriana. You come up with the name, effects, and flavor text of the card, we test it to make sure it's balanced, and you receive credit in the rulebook for your creation. Not to mention a copy of Victoriana and all unlocked stretch goals, of course!
$240: SIX copies of Victoriana plus all unlocked stretch goals- a deep discount. Suitable for group buys, gifting, and people who have a compulsive need to buy things in sixes! You'll save on shipping, too.
$249: What good is a Mastermind without their Henchmen? Work with us to design one of these bothersome cards, a copy of which will be included in every copy of Victoriana. You'll receive full credit for your creation, a copy of the game plus all unlocked stretch goals, and the ever-lasting hatred of your friends for creating such a devious impediment to their success.
$499: Now for the SERIOUS design business. Work with us to create one of the most fearsome and challenging cards in Victoriana- an Agent of the conspiracy. These Agents have distinct personalities and far-reaching effects on gameplay. Are you up to the challenge? If you are, you'll receive full credit, a copy of Victoriana plus all unlocked stretch goals, and the terrible knowledge that you may have created the card that eventually costs you the game.
$1000: Are you a die-hard fan of Gothic literature? Love the idea of a protagonist with intelligence AND anger issues? Help us create a new Investigator that embodies both- the strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Create unique abilities, resources, and even drawbacks that will bring this classic character to life for Victoriana gamers across the world. You get full credit in the rulebook, a copy of Victoriana plus all unlocked stretch goals, and the truly unique opportunity to help embody the forces of good- well, at least mostly good.
One of the four brave Investigators
Please add the following shipping fee to your pledge level.
UNITED STATES: No shipping fee!
CANADA, UK, and EU: $15 for one copy, $50 for six copies.
REST OF WORLD: $25 for one copy, $75 for six copies.
Good news, though- thanks to our shipping partners, we are pleased to announce that...
$42,000- FUNDED! Victoriana is a reality, thanks to your support.
FUNDED! is a reality, thanks to your support. $44,500- NEW ART! Setback and Advantage cards now feature individual illustrations- 24 new pieces of art in total.
NEW ART! Setback and Advantage cards now feature individual illustrations- 24 new pieces of art in total. $47,000- MINIS! 3D Printable miniatures for the four Investigators.
MINIS! 3D Printable miniatures for the four Investigators. $49,500- NEW INVESTIGATOR! A brand-new Victorian character joins the fight against evil.
NEW INVESTIGATOR! A brand-new Victorian character joins the fight against evil. $52,000- COMPONENT UPGRADE! Participate in our poll to decide which upgrade gets unlocked first.
COMPONENT UPGRADE! Participate in our poll to decide which upgrade gets unlocked first. $54,500- NEW INVESTIGATOR! A brand-new Victorian character joins the fight against evil.
NEW INVESTIGATOR! A brand-new Victorian character joins the fight against evil. $57,000- COMPONENT UPGRADE! Participate in our poll to decide which upgrade gets unlocked second.
COMPONENT UPGRADE! Participate in our poll to decide which upgrade gets unlocked second. $59,500- NEW INVESTIGATOR! A brand-new Victorian character joins the fight against evil.
NEW INVESTIGATOR! A brand-new Victorian character joins the fight against evil. $62,000- COMPONENT UPGRADE! Participate in our poll to decide which upgrade gets unlocked third.
COMPONENT UPGRADE! Participate in our poll to decide which upgrade gets unlocked third. ...AND MORE TO COME!
Android 5.1.1 rolling to older Xperia Z series (10.7.A.0.222)
The older Sony Xperia Z series is now seeing the Android 5.1.1 Lollipop firmware start to seed in the form of build number 10.7.A.0.222. The update is rolling to variants of the Xperia Z, Xperia ZL, Xperia ZR and Xperia Tablet Z devices.
Looks like the Stagefright exploit has not been fully patched in this update. You will find FTF firmware links for all variants in the post below. If you have installed the update, let us know your initial impressions below.
Sony Xperia Z FTF firmware files – Android 5.1.1 Lollipop (10.7.A.0.222)
Xperia Z (C6602) 10.7.A.0.222 India Generic (Android 5.1.1)
Xperia Z (C6603) 10.7.A.0.222 India Generic (Android 5.1.1)
Xperia Z (C6616) 10.7.A.0.222 US Generic (Android 5.1.1)
Sony Xperia ZL FTF firmware files – Android 5.1.1 Lollipop (10.7.A.0.222)
Xperia ZL (C6503) 10.7.A.0.222 Germany Generic (Android 5.1.1)
Xperia ZL (C6506) 10.7.A.0.222 US Generic (Android 5.1.1)
Sony Xperia ZR FTF firmware files – Android 5.1.1 Lollipop (10.7.A.0.222)
Xperia ZR (C5502) 10.7.A.0.222 US Generic (Android 5.1.1)
Xperia ZR (C5503) 10.7.A.0.222 Middle East Generic (Android 5.1.1)
Sony Xperia Tablet Z FTF firmware files – Android 5.1.1 Lollipop (10.7.A.0.222)
Xperia Tablet Z Wi-Fi (SGP311) 10.7.A.0.222 EU1 Generic (Android 5.1.1)
Xperia Tablet Z Wi-Fi (SGP312) 10.7.A.0.222 Argentina Generic (Android 5.1.1)
Xperia Tablet Z LTE (SGP321) 10.7.A.0.222 Singapore Generic (Android 5.1.1)
Xperia Tablet Z LTE (SGP351) 10.7.A.0.222 Latin America Generic (Android 5.1.1)
Thanks Prabath!
There are few new drugs in development to treat the microbes that NDM-1 plagues. In Western hospitals, "gram-positive" bacteria, which are structurally vulnerable to antibiotics and disinfectants, tend to dominate. In hospitals in India and other tropical countries "gram-negative" bacteria, which are encased in tough outer membranes that can repel antibiotics and antiseptics, are more common. With most drug industry research and development focused on Western markets, "places like India will just have to wait for new drugs for gram-negatives" while the death toll from untreatable infections inevitably rises, says Public Health Foundation of India's Ramanan Laxminarayan, .
Effective containment measures may prove difficult to implement in India. The country has one of the world's highest burdens of infectious disease, and antibiotic use is unchecked, with both rampant overuse and under-use that lead to resistant strains.
In slums like Ekta Vihar, where barefoot children play in narrow alleyways lined by open gutters, many cannot afford a full course of antibiotics when they fall ill. A common practice, says Dr. Sharmila Lal, who has worked in Delhi slums for ten years, is to buy just a few tablets instead, risking the development of drug-resistant bugs. Elsewhere, the more affluent consume antibiotics for conditions that don't require them, such as colds and diarrhea, surveys show.
Nor is there much capacity for the kind of medical microbiological surveillance required to track the spread of antibiotic resistant bacteria. According to Laxminarayan, the country's disease surveillance program effectively collects information from only two of the country's 640 districts.
The politics of national pride further complicate the picture. The new super-resistant gene was first discovered in Europe, in patients who'd traveled to India or Pakistan for medical care. But when British scientists named it after the city from which it seemed to originate, and warned in the medical journal The Lancet that medical tourists might be at risk, Indian politicians, news media, and physicians cried foul.
India's National Centre for Disease Control spent "days openly denying" the public health relevance of NDM-1, The Times of India reported. The Indian Express wrote that NDM-1 was a "conspiracy to hurt Indian medical tourism."
India's booming medical tourism industry brings in hundreds of thousands of foreign patients every year, seeking respite from the high cost and long wait-times for surgeries at home.
New Delhi cardiothoracic surgeon Naresh Trehan, who treats medical tourists, doesn't appreciate their city being implicated in a new superbug. Resistant bugs are a worldwide problem, Trehan says. After all, "when AIDS was discovered, you didn't call it New York-1," they say.
As the controversy over NDM-1 swirled, the Indian government quickly convened an advisory committee on the issue of antibiotic resistance, and floated an ambitious proposal to ban the sale of antibiotics without a physician's prescription. It was withdrawn after protests from pharmacists and others, who said it would have impeded access to life-saving antibiotics among the rural poor. But the policy had little likelihood of being implemented in any case, as health policy is decided at the state level in India, not the federal level.
The accounts of the US Embassy in Sofia in FIBANK (also known as First Investment Bank, Fibank or FIB) are closed. The new service bank is DSK. This transpires from the official visa application and information page, which lists fee payment options for US visa applicants.
For years, the accounts of the US Embassy were at MKB Unionbank (see here). Once First Investment Bank acquired MKB, the accounts automatically moved to the already-branded as FIBANK financial institution (see here). But it seems that this arrangement no longer suits the Americans.
Meanwhile, FIB was rescued from collapsing with State money, and the official stress tests conducted by the central bank – the Bulgarian National Bank (BNB) – found a capital shortage of BGN 200 million. The Bank claims that this 200 million shortfalls is already covered by the 2016 profit and just announced it would be looking for “strategic options”, including the possibility of attracting new core investors, whatever that means.
Dear Friends, thank you for reading Bivol. Please, support our investigations and our authors Pay a Bivol Tax! Become our supporter with or a regular supporter with Send SMS:
In its latest report on economic imbalances in Europe, however, the European Commission states that it is not convinced by bank stress tests conducted by the BNB as the design of the exercise… deviated to some extent from international practice for country specific reviews in terms of independence and transparency. Challenges going forward include dealing with related-party and connected lending and exposures to hard-to-value assets
“Some institutions warrant close attention, including one systemic bank,” according to the executive summary of the report.
In addition to the announced stress tests results, there are BNB reports on the state of FIB from 2011 and 2014. They contain information on a much more serious capital hole that exceeds BGN 1 billion. Such are also the figures established by Bivol's research in the database of registered pledges in the Commercial Register. Over BGN 1.2 billion have been granted in the form of loans, for example, to the unemployed Cypriot Georgios Georgiou, who emerges as the largest investor in Bulgaria and the largest bank debtor.
Georgios' airline will not fly to the United States
Another sign that the United States is severing all ties with the Bank is the fact that the end of BH Air‘s plans to have regular flights to the United States was announced in March. For years, advertisements for BH Air's upcoming direct flights to New York and Chicago were flooding the media at regular intervals, but these aspirations flopped.
The official version is that the Americans have cut off the company because it does not meet security requirements, as a company representative told BITelevision on March 23, 2017. At the same time, the Embassy was closing its accounts in FIBANK.
BH Air is run by Radka, the wife of one of FIB's majority shareholders, Tseko Minev, and the property is shared between the Cypriot offshore Mantovaco Limited, owned by Georgios, and a Liechtenstein company, to which the same Georgios sold their stake in a company, owned through Wilcannia Limited in 2016. BH-AIR has the two registered private jets that serve FIB. These are Gulfstreaaircraftts with LZ-FIA and LZ-FIB codes.
As evidenced by a series of Bivol investigations, Georgios is associated with Tseko Minev and the other FIB majority shareholder Ivaylo Mutafchiev (AKA agent “Kamen” from the Communist regime's secret services). In fact, they serve as their cover as the Credit Institutions Act prohibits owners from directly obtaining credits that exceed 10% of the bank's equity. In the case of the loans in the amount of BGN 1.2 billion, received by Georgios, the excess is over 200%, but the BNB and the prosecutor's office are closing their eyes to it.
For the Americans, however, connected lending is a criminal scheme, as surfaces from an analysis by former US Ambassador in Sofia, John Beyrle, sent to Washington in a secret cable about banks “bad apples” in Bulgaria.
“Connected lending continues to be a problem among some banks as their owners funnel money to related – less competitive – companies, with no intention of repaying. This leaves legitimate investors and account-holders holding the bag when bad loans go uncollected.”
“One foot in the murkier criminal realm”
The report also states that “FIB is now considered to have one foot in the legitimate retail world ) it is known as one of the most aggressive and “polished” banks ) as well as one in the murkier criminal realm.”
Beyrle's cable is from 2005, but evidence of links of Tseko Minev and Ivailo Mutafchiev, the so-called “People from FIB“, with the murkier criminal realm, came to light through the “Yaneva Gate” recordings and the investigations by Bivol into the stolen millions in European funds from the Romanian APIA agency. The main protagonist in this affair, investigated by the Romanian National Anticorruption Directorate, formerly National Anticorruption Prosecution Office, (DNA), is Mila Georgieva, ringleader of the organized crime group “The Killers”. They have also received loans from FIB, while Ivaylo Mutafchiev personally sold an apartment to them
With such evidence of intertwining financial and criminal interests, it is not surprising that Washington has found grounds for discretely getting rid of the Bank and halting attempts to legitimize its draining through a business linked to America.
In Bulgaria, FIBANK enjoys a cover-up by the Prosecutor's Office, whatever irrefutable evidence of its draining may be revealed. The Prosecutor's Office established the disappearance of 80 million from the Bank into offshore companies belonging to Georgios, but decided that this had not caused any damage to FIB and accordingly refused to launch pre-trial proceedings.
At present, the power and the BNB continue to use tricks and manipulations to conceal real evidence of the capital hole and the draining of FIB. The situation resembles the joke about a man whose mother-in-law died, but they kept their body propped on the window to continue to receive their pension from the mail carrier. However, the US moves show that the stench of the corpse has already reached the windows on “Kozyak” street (location of the US Embassy in Sofia – editor's note) and has become unbearable. It is known that the American mail carrier “always rings twice”. The first time they close their accounts with the “banksters”, the second – their airspace.
Updated on April 29, 2017 at 12:30 pm
Bivol received an e-mail with the right of reply from Fibank. It was directly sent to our editorial office and reads as follows:
“The US Embassy never had accounts in Unionbank and subsequently it had no accounts with Fibank. Therefore, talking about accounts closure is not simply an exaggeration; it is a distortion of the truth. Moreover, Fibank announced today its collaboration with Citigroup Global Markets Limited, one of the largest US companies. Let's remind that First Investment Bank works closely with Bain & Co – one of the two largest US consulting companies and with the World Bank's International Financial Corporation (IFC).”
Editorial Comment
It is a mystery for us how visa payments were made to Unionbank and FIBANK until March 2017 if the US embassy had no account and contractual relations with these banks. Account numbers are clearly visible on the copies of deposits slips used by thousands of Bulgarian citizens to pay for visas at the bank counter. It is possible that these were correspondent accounts, but certainly, the money had not traveled in briefcases or leather pouches to the US Treasury. With or without accounts, it is undisputable that the Embassy has ceased all business relations with FIB and, at the same time, its airline has been refused flights to the United States.
Updated on April 29, 2017, at 1 pm
Bivol also received an e-mail with a right of reply from BH-Air, which reads as follows:
In connection with the information posted on the site Bivol on April 28, 2017, regarding a ban on direct flights of BH-Air between Bulgaria and the United States, the airline management considers it necessary to state the following:
BH-Air has all necessary permits to carry out direct commercial passenger, cargo and mail flights between any point within the European Union and the continental territory of the United States, Hawaii and Alaska, respectively, effective from April 2013 to date.
Information on this can be accessed freely in the official US administration database.
https://www.regulations.gov/document?D=DOT-OST-2012-0192-0003
The decision to start flights between Bulgaria and the United States can be made only on the basis of economic expediency at the discretion of the airline.
Editorial Comment
This statement is clearly inconsistent with the words of BH-Air Executive Director Yanko Ivanov before BITelevision. They literally say the following (video is in Bulgarian):
Host: How come?
Yanko Ivanov: Well because they no longer let us there.
Host: Why they no longer let you there? What does this mean?
Yanko Ivanov: Well, security, all sorts of other conditions… (not clear) that we simply do not meet in any (not clear) all these requirements.
Host: When will we be able to talk about direct flights at all?
Yanko Ivanov: Well, I have no idea. Nothing is happening at the moment.
Over the years, BH-Air has been presenting flights to the United States as its primary goal, as evidenced by Yanko Ivanov's media appearances (here – in Bulgarian), and it was announced several times that flights will begin – first in 2015, then in 2016.
The last such announcement came in the spring of 2017, as Georgios Georgiou's company confidently declared that this time there will be no delay: “It is expected that the ticket sale project will be ready soon and that an official ticket reservation announcement will be made to all travelers to these destinations.”
After such an investment and boasting, suddenly some “lack of economic expediency” pops up? Is that the truth? Or is „because they NO LONGER let us there…” the truth? (The bold print is from the editor.)
***
PARIS/PALO ALTO, Calif (Reuters) - Apple's stock may be sliding as investors fret about growing competition, but store visits and interviews with smartphone and tablet shoppers in 10 cities around the world suggest consumers share little of that negativity.
A customer is helped by an Apple employee while looking over the iPad mini after the device went on sale at Apple's retail store in Palo Alto, California in this November 2, 2012 file photograph. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith/Files
With tablets and other mobile devices the gadgets of choice this holiday season, Reuters canvassed over 70 shoppers and store employees across Sydney, Seattle, Palo Alto, Shanghai, Bangalore, Singapore, Paris, London, Mexico City and Boston for insight into what does and doesn't beckon.
Apple stores and electronics retailers were bustling last week, in contrast to the Microsoft pop-up stores in the United States promoting Windows 8 and Surface tablets, which were far less crowded.
Samsung appeared to be marketing aggressively, blanketing stores across major cities with signs for its Galaxy products and other devices, and large displays in many stores. Customers noticed, but only in Singapore and Bangalore did most of those spoken to by Reuters see it as a top choice.
Nokia, meanwhile, seems to have all but vanished from the front lines of the retail wars. Amazon's Kindle devices were also little in evidence, though that likely reflects its greater online sales focus.
Apple and its rivals are duking it out in displays, buying advertising and mobilizing armies of employees to try to win over the swarm of shoppers who will hit malls across the globe in coming weeks.
Loyalty to Apple's compelling orchard of products seemed to be a first line of defense for the Cupertino, California, company as shoppers in Europe, Asia and the United States weighed the pros and cons of switching to rival offerings.
Customers cited existing iTunes music and video libraries plus the traditional Apple virtues of simplicity and ease of use as reasons to stick with the iPhone and the iPad.
“I just taught my Persian grandmother how to use their new iPhone. She's 77 and speaks no English,” said Soheil Arzang, a 27-year-old law student in Palo Alto, California. “With a Windows PC there are so many buttons, it's confusing. I converted my parents officially to Apple iPhones, Macs and iPads.”
Their father “used to go to Best Buy, but now they just says ‘let's go to the Apple Store,'” Arzang said at a store near company headquarters.
In Paris, Max Cevenne, a 62-year-old photographer whose iPad was recently stolen, grilled a sales clerk about how Samsung's 10-inch Galaxy tablet would work with their PC at home.
“The Samsung appeals to me because it has an SD (digital memory) card and is more flexible in terms of software and hardware you can use with it,” they said at the FNAC electronics store near St Lazare train station. “But I may end up going back to the iPad since I already use other Apple products, and it might be simpler.”
Across the English Channel at a John Lewis department store in London, Joanna Sargent cast their eye over Amazon's Kindle Fire, but since she's bought three iPad Minis for their sons, they said they would probably stay with what's familiar.
“I looked at going for another tablet, but although they are cheaper, you have to re-buy everything,” they said. “We'd have to buy all the music again, and you have to take that into account.”
Train engineer John Owen from Didcot, Oxfordshire, echoed: “Apple's got me in now.”
WHAT'S HOT, AND WHAT'S NOT
Just three years after their inception, tablet computers are the indispensable item. In a U.S. Ipsos poll conducted for Thomson Reuters from December 8 to December 11, one in three of 1,330 people surveyed were thinking of buying one of the slim gadgets.
Of those predisposed, 42 percent were leaning toward an iPad or iPad Mini, 16 percent were considering the Kindle Fire, and 14 percent a Samsung Galaxy. A mere 4 percent of respondents were drawn to Microsoft's Surface.
Apple has led the mobile industry since it launched its first iPhone in 2007 and then the iPad in 2010. But rivals including Samsung, Google, Amazon and Microsoft are making gradual inroads. IPads accounted for 54 percent of the tablet market this year but are expected to dip to 50 percent by 2016 as competing tablets gain ground, according to market research firm IDC.
Apple has lost a quarter of its value since September as fears grow about its ability to fend off challengers.
Samsung in particular appears to have launched a global marketing blitz at stores and malls around the world.
In Mexico City, its logo was plastered on signs on roads and outside retailers such as Sanborns and Iusacell. Despite that high visibility, an employee at one shop said he's selling about 15 iPads a week.
“The iPad mini is selling out as soon as we receive the shipments. Last week we got 42 and this week 32, and they sold almost immediately. ... A lot of people buy them as gifts,” they said.
There are 88.5 million mobile phone users in Mexico, out of which just 15 million have smartphones, according to industry data, an example of the sizeable potential market that Apple, Samsung and others are fighting for.
In India, where mobile phone sales grew at a 47 percent clip in the third quarter, according to Gartner research, iPhones are still the gold standard, and many models were sold out.
But Androids are steadily attracting consumers. In tech-savvy Bangalore, the affordable smartphones are pervasive, replacing many of the Nokia feature phones popular in the past.
IPhones and iPads are too expensive for many Indians, but that didn't discourage a steady stream of keen window shoppers at an electronics market plastered with Samsung advertising.
“You have to pay the Apple premium, but when you consider the ease-of-use and the whole Apple ecosystem, it's well worth the money,” said 29-year-old Karthik Venkataraman.
That same stickiness was also a deterrent for many.
“I want to be able to sync to different devices,” said Chenelle Brandford, a 17-year-old student from North London.
In Singapore, the Samsung kiosk at a StarHub store was crowded, with customers testing out the South Korean manufacturer's Note 2 phone-tablets.
“I didn't want to get stuck in the Apple ecosystem,” said one customer who recently bought an Android phone made by LG.
At a major electronics retailer in downtown Shanghai, most tablet shoppers said their first choice would be an iPad, but Samsung also had its share of fans.
“I don't like the iPad because it is too inconvenient to use. You cannot drag files directly into it but only by using iTunes,” said Wang Daliu, 26 and unemployed. “The iPad has a closed system, limiting its capability.”
THE LAGGARDS
Since Amazon, Google and Microsoft sell most of their tablets online, their devices came up less often than Samsung's and Apple's in Reuters interviews with shoppers.
Those companies are building their own ecosystems, but none have neared Apple's success at creating a simple-to-use, closed market of apps, music and content.
Microsoft, worried about declining PC sales, launched its foray into hardware with the Surface tablet in October to compete with the iPad.
The world's largest software company has not revealed sales figures for the tablet, which has won mixed reviews and is only available in its own stores and online in certain countries. On Tuesday, Microsoft said it would sell the Surface through more retailers starting this month.
At a mall in Boston, one person wandered into a Microsoft store for every nine who visited a nearby Apple Store on a weekday last week. In Palo Alto, 40-year-old Javier Sanchez returned their Surface.
“With the iPad, it's one step, and with this (Surface), it's two or three steps to do the same thing,” said Sanchez, who also uses a Mac and an iPhone. “You open (the iPad) and it's ready for you.”
Things looked not much brighter on Microsoft's home turf, in the greater Seattle area. A sales assistant at a Best Buy said they had been quizzed about sales of the Windows 8 device.
“A whole bunch of Microsoft guys basically interviewed me, asking me how well things were selling,” they said, without going into details.
Slideshow (6 Images)
Another assistant, asked if the same store had 32GB or 64GB Surface tablets in stock, said, laughing: “We got plenty of both!”
Apple is likely to reveal holiday sales only in January, alongside results. For now, the loyalists have spoken.
“We're far more familiar with Apple,” said Linda Jenkins at the Carphone Warehouse in London. Them husband, Vaughan, chimed in: “But they haven't taken us over yet!”
Republican leaders in Prince William County said more than two dozen homes and stores in Gainesville were spray-painted early yesterday with obscene messages about Republican Sen. John McCain, and some Montgomery County residents said they awoke to find their yard signs for Democratic Sen. Barack Obama defaced with a red "S" sticker placed over the "B" in their last name.
The overnight vandalism came a little more than a week before the Nov. 4 election -- a sign, some political observers say, that the passion and anger of the presidential race are boiling over, at least for a relative few.
In the Virginia Oaks subdivision in western Prince William, residents spent the morning painting over anti-McCain messages, which were scrawled in two-foot-tall, red and black letters, "so kids in the neighborhood don't have to see the foul language," said Conrad Holtslag, a Republican activist who lives in the neighborhood. The golf club's stone pillars were marred, they said, and on one home with a McCain-Palin yard sign, the double-garage doors were almost completely covered with the words "Hail Satan" and "See What Happens."
Lyle Beefelt, chairperson of the Prince William Republican Committee, said the neighborhood likely was targeted because it is heavily Republican. But this election also seems more contentious, they said. In the 2004 presidential race, they said, the county's GOP headquarters received one or two complaints a week about yard signs being stolen or defaced. Now, they said, there are about 10 a week. Virginia is one of the battleground states in this presidential race, and hasn't gone Democratic in a presidential race since 1964.
As for politically charged graffiti, they said, "We haven't really experienced this kind of nastiness in Prince William before."
Prince William police said they began receiving complaints shortly before 4 a.m. Local Republican leaders said they had heard that up to 35 homes and businesses had been hit, although police spokesperson Erika Hernandez said police had received complaints from 13 homeowners and five businesses by mid-afternoon. Businesses targeted at the Virginia Gateway shopping center included Giant, Best Buy and Target.
The number of incidents would probably climb, they said, because officers were responding to calls throughout the day.
Corey A. Stewart (R-At Large), chairperson of the Prince William Board of Supervisors, called for state and federal investigations into the graffiti, saying it was "voter intimidation" and a hate crime.
Brent Colburn, a spokesperson for the Obama campaign in Northern Virginia, said that they hadn't heard of to spray-paint incidents but that the campaign condemns it. "There should be respect for both sides," Colburn said. "This is not anything we'd support or stand for from anyone associated with the campaign."
Defaced Obama signs are also a part of the political landscape.
Opal Stroup, co-chairperson of the Spotsylvania County Democratic Committee, said a large Obama sign in the yard of a Partlow home was spray-painted Friday with "KKK."
In Vienna, an Obama sign was defaced daily until someone wrote that the vandalism didn't matter because "we're changing America."
Seventies singer claims back spotlight
A female vocalist may have become the first British artist to win an out-of-court settlement for a piece of music recorded over 30 years ago.
Clare Torry was paid £30 to perform on Pink Floyd's 1973 album ‘Dark Sides of the Moon' and was given a written credit at the time.
Yet the session singer, who contributed to the track The Great Gig in the Sky, has taken their claim to the High Court where they have won a half-share on copyright ownership on the song performed.
Although most details of the case are secret, the Daily Telegraph has reported the singer secured a cash payment with Pink Floyd and their label, EMI.
The end-figure of the settlement has not been disclosed, prompting experts to speculate that the sum could have run into the hundreds of thousands of pounds.
It is understood that the argument which convinced the High Court, rested on claims that Ms Torry had employed a special wailing technique, recorded in a series of sessions, which effectively helped compose the track.
The song's album, Dark Sides of the Moon, subsequently stayed in the charts for the next 26 years amassing sales of 36 million copies.
The case is not the only dispute for Pink Floyd, after legal action last December from 23 members of the north London school choir who claimed they were due royalties from their performance on the worldwide hit, Another Brick in the Wall.
14th April 2005
Related News
Latest News
I just wanted to put out another reminder that we're having a fan meetup in Melbourne (Australia) on Saturday evening. We'll meet at/near PAX and then travel to a more central location to meet fans that don't have PAX tickets. We have some microtransaction codes to give out to people who meet us in person, so come say hi if you're in there area! If you're interested in the details, just mail me at chris@grindinggear.com. I haven't sent out specific information on where/when the meetup is, but I hope to do so before the weekend.
I'm leaving for Australia now, so there may not be any news updates until we get back. I'll try to post something while away but it depends a lot on availability of internet :) YouTube |
Lead Developer. Follow us on: Twitter Facebook | Contact Support if you need help!
Posted by Chris
on Grinding Gear Games on
This article is about information leaks in form of memory disclosures created in Internet Explorer 10 32-bit on Windows 7 64-bit. They are used to bypassing full ASLR/DEP to gain remote code execution. While the software containing the bug might not be that popular, it's quite nice what can be done with the bug.
Reading this article requires some familiarity with WinDbg, heap spray , and info-leaks.
Hope you enjoy it.
The Bug
I discovered a vulnerability in an ActiveX Control with the rather oldscool tool COMRaider. The ActiveX Control is a video plugin from X360 Software. Let's take a look with IDA Free 5.0 into it.
The vulnerability is a simple buffer overflow occuring in the data section of the VideoPlayer.ocx module when using the plugin's exposed SetText method (sub_10002930). By supplying a string to that method, the code at .text:1000298A and .text:10002991 copies our string to a variable in the data section at .data:100916A8 without bound checks:
From Data Buffer Overflow to Arbitrary Write
While there are no immediate control flow pointers like on the stack, maybe other pointers can be overwritten to achieve interesting things towards program manipulation and remote code execution. Exploitation on Windows XP may seem straightforward due to the absence of ASLR, but what if we want to target some Internet Explorer on Windows 7 or 8? At the end I decided to take that route.
To bypass ASLR, we need an information leak in order to disclose some interesting memory usable for further steps. After some experimentation with calling the SetText method and calling other plugin methods subsequently, some pointers catched my attention.
For example, the content at address .data:10092068 can be controlled via our buffer overflow. This pointer is used in sub_10058BAA which in turn is executed when the plugin's exposed SetFontName method is dispatched.
When we call SetFontName with a string of size smaller or equal to 0x40 the following happens:
1. A function goes evil
We hit the function sub_10058DAB which retrieves the string's length and calls sub_10058BAA with the length as 1st argument:
2. Use of controlled content
In function sub_10058BAA the address .data:10092068 of our controlled content is moved to ECX at .text:10058BC7 and function sub_1000F775 is called. As the address is passed via ECX to the function, it most likely holds an object's this pointer:
In sub_1000F775 the object pointer is moved into ESI (.text:1000F784). The object's 4th DWORD [ESI+0xC] (which we control) is compared to 0, and when it is not 0, program flow continues at .text:1000F7CE. Afterwards, the 4th DWORD is moved to EAX and the function returns. So we now control the return value passed in EAX:
We return into sub_10058BAA from sub_10058DAB and we control EAX. Thus, we can already control WHERE we want to write, but not really WHAT we want to write. Our controlled value is used as pointer and the values 0x40, 0x1, 0x0 and the string length are written. Also, the controlled value is increased by 0xC and then written to memory pointed to by EBX:
This might be already enough to overwrite the length of a BSTR JavaScript string or a length field of an array to create an Info-Leak. During runtime ESI holds the same address as EBX. So we also control [ESI], and gain control over the destination argument of a memcpy when we return into sub_10058DAB from sub_10058BAA.
3. Write-what-where
Back in sub_10058DAB, the string length in EDI is pushed as 3rd argument, the string pointer in EBX as 2nd, and our controlled value in [ESI] as 1st argument before _memcpy is called:
We can use the following to abuse the call to _memcpy, perform an arbitrary write and return without a crash into the JavaScript context. We spray the heap first and then write 0xcafebabe to address 0x1010102C using SetText and SetFontName:
JavaScript code to perform arbitrary memory write 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 <!DOCTYPE HTML> <script> // create VideoPlayer.ocx ActiveX Object var obj = document . createElement ( "object" ); obj . setAttribute ( "classid" , "clsid:4B3476C6-185A-4D19-BB09-718B565FA67B" ); // spray the heap with 512M to allocate memory around 0x10101020 data = "\u2222\u2222" // use 0x22222222 as filler while ( data . length < 0x80000 ){ data += data } div = document . createElement ( "div" ) for ( i = 0 ; i <= 0x400 ; i ++ ){ div . setAttribute ( "attr" + i , data . substring ( 0 , ( 0x80000 - 2 - 4 - 0x20 ) / 2 )) } alert ( "Check in WinDbg before write: dc 10101000 L14" ) addr = "\x20\x10\x10\x10" // WHERE TO WRITE (0x10101020 + 0xC) // prepare buffer with address we want to write to ptrBuf = "" // fill buffer: length = relative ptr address - buffer start + ptr offset while ( ptrBuf . length < ( 0x92068 - 0x916a8 + 0xC )){ ptrBuf += "A" } ptrBuf += addr // overflow buffer and overwrite the pointer value after buffer obj . SetText ( ptrBuf , 0 , 0 ) // use overwritten pointer to conduct memory write of 4 bytes obj . SetFontName ( "\xbe\xba\xfe\xca" ) // WHAT TO WRITE alert ( "Check after write: dc 10101000 L14" ) </script>
We can attach WinDbg to our running Internet Explorer and view the modified memory starting from 0x10101020 which was previously filled with 0x22222222:
Prepare leaks: One array to access ‘em all
As we can modify any memory arbitrarily (despite the “side effect” values and the appending NULL), we can use tech-niques to make the complete memory readable and writable from JavaScript.
(Typed) array heap spray
Instead of spraying the heap with strings we use arrays. We create blocks of memory with a size of 0x10000 bytes which become aligned to 0xXXXX0000. The first 0xf000 bytes are filled with a generic array and typed array headers (objects) follow which fill the remaining page. As each typed array header has a size of 0x30 bytes, they become aligned after the generic array data to 0xXXXXF000, 0xXXXXF030, 0xXXXXF060 and so on:
There's an awesome plugin tool for WinDbg out there called mona. Recently it got the ability to dump objects in a detailed way. We can see the different elements of the typed array header. Amongst other fields, each typed array header has a vtable pointer, a length field, a pointer to its arraybuffer object and to its arraybuffer. We enter !py mona do -a 0x1111f000 -s 0x30 to dump the typed array header at 0x1111F000:
Modify typed array headers
We now trigger the vulnerability such that we overwrite a pointer to an arraybuffer with a desired value. We choose a value of 0x1111F030 and overwrite the pointer residing at 0x1111F010. Thus, we let it point to the subsequent typed array header at 0x1111F030. Additionally, we overwrite the length field of the typed array header with one of our “side effect” values (0x00000040).
Finding the modified typed array is easy: We iterate over all typed arrays and check if their first elements are unequal to zero. It is successfull when we hit the modified array, as its first element points to a typed array vtable. Then we use the modifed array to change the subsequent typed array header: We set the length at 0x1111F048 to 0x7fffffff and the arraybuffer pointer to the start of process memory, namely 0x0. And we can do this with array element writes ( arr[k][i][6] = 0x7fffffff and arr[k][i][7] = 0x0 ).
After the vulnerability and the subsequent manipulation has taken place, we can view the typed array headers in WinDbg:
At that point we have a typed array usable from JavaScript like any other array but with the ability to get and set the complete memory!
Access arbitrary memory
As we have a memory readwrite interface we can use it via array accesses to read and write arbitrary memory.
Leak memory
So we can use JavaScript code which asks you for an absolute address and returns the content at that address. If you test it, be aware to supply a mapped address, otherwise you get a crash.
We know that there's a vtable at 0x1111F060. So let's read at that address by supplying the value 0x1111F060 to the prompt box:
A message box should pop up showing the resulting content interpreted as DWORD:
This is consistent with the WinDbg output we saw before.
Set and leak objects
As the heap layout is predictable we can set any object as element into a generic array and leak its address. For example, we can put the ActiveX object as first element into the generic array residing below the page with the manipulated typed array headers. As the array is aligned to 0x11120000, we know that the object's pointer is located at 0x11120020 (20 bytes are occupied by allocation and array metadata). We simply supply 0x11120020/4 as index to our memory interface array and get the object's address. You can test it by uncommenting line #102 in the leaking script and supplying 0x11120020 to the prompt box. To verify it with WinDbg, enter dd 0x11120020 .
Dig deep into objects
When we leak content at a specified address and know that the content is a pointer itself, we can use the retrieved content as an index into our memory interface array again. This way, we can subsequently dereference object fields in order to read and rewrite them.
Code Execution
Finally it's time to pop some calculators. So there's of course a PoC which achieves code execution and runs calc.exe.
Just a short description what is happening there:
We first subsequently leak memory from the ActiveX plugin object and obtain the base of VideoPlayer.ocx without touching any import/export tables (line #162 to #179).
The location of VirtualAlloc and _memcpy is obtained (line #181/183)
and is obtained (line #181/183) We then put shellcode into an arraybuffer and leak its address dynamically (#210 - #215).
In line #231 to #249 we build a ROP chain and fill necessary fields of it. We leak its buffer address as well. At runtime the ROP chain will allocate executable memory, copy the shellcode to it and will jump to it. The chain solely uses gadgets from the VideoPlayer.ocx module.
Afterwards we overwrite a field of the ActiveX object with the address of the ROP chain to be able to get control of EIP (#252/253)
(#252/253) To transfer program flow to the ROP chain, we call the ActiveX plugin's Play method inside JavaScript (#256). This executes call [EAX + 0x30] with EAX pointing to the ovewritten field containing the address of our ROP chain.
Et voilà! We've bypassed full ASLR and DEP and got remote code execution with a buffer overflow in the data section. Fun!
[ 2 syll. a-va, av-a ] The baby girl name Ava is also used as a boy name, though the use for girls is far more popular. It is pronounced AA-Vaa- or EY-Vaa- †.
1: Ava's origin is Germanic, and its use, English and German. The name is of obscure origin. It could be from the element aval or avi and the short form of various female Germanic compound names with the element 'av', such as Avaline, or else it could be of Latin or Persian roots.
It was borne by the 9th-century Saint Ava, who became a Benedictine nun at Dinart, Hainaut; they were also from the Frankish royal family. The name was not often used by the end of the medieval period, but it was later made known in high society by the Philadelphia socialite Ava Lowle Willing (1868-1958), who married the wealthy business person John Jacob Astor IV, and subsequently Thomas Lister, Baron Ribblesdale; they named their daughter Ava as well. The name later grew popular from the fame of the actor Ava Gardner (1922-1990). In recent times, it was made popular by a number of celebrities who chose the name for their babies, including the actor Reese Witherspoon, who named their baby Ava in 1999.
The name Ava is widely used; it has 30 forms. Forms of the name include Aena, Aiva, Avada, Avae, Avah, Avail, Avais, Avalee, Avaleigh, Avaley, Avalie, Ave, Aveen, Aveis, Avelaine, Avelina, Aveline, Avelyn, Aves, Avia, Avian, Aviana, Aviance, Avianna, Avice, Avis, Avise, Avlynn, Avyce, and Avyse.
2: Ava's language of origin is Latin and it is predominantly used in German. It is derived from the word avis with the meaning 'bird'.
3: Ava has its origins in the Persian language and it is used largely in Iranian. Meaning: 'voice, song, sound'.
In addition, Ava is an English form of Eva.
Ava is also an English and German form of the English and French Eve.
See also the related forms, the English Avila and the English Evelyn.
See also the related categories, strength, medieval, persian, daughter, desired (heart), element, nun (priestess), voice, song (dance), bird, obscure, actor, fame, royal, saint, and german.
Ava is very popular as a baby girl name. The name has been rising in popularity since the 1980s. At the peak of its usage in 2007, 0.857% of baby girls were named Ava. It had a ranking of #4 then. In 2016, it ranked at #3 with a usage of 0.845%, and it was the most popular out of all girl names in its family. Ava was 4 times more commonly used than the 2nd most popular name, Eva, in 2016.
Baby names that sound like Ava include Eeva, Eva, Ovah, Aabbee, Aba, Abah, Abba, Abbe, Abbea, Abbee, Abbeigh, Abbey, Abbi, Abbie, Abby, Abbye, Abey, Abha, Abi, and Abie.
† English pronunciation for Ava: AA as in "odd (AA.D)" ; V as in "vow (V.AW)"
A famous person named Ava is Actress Ava Gardner, born 24 December 1922 - 25 January 1990, Grabtown, North Carolina.
The flooded Ipswich Motorway at Goodna on Thursday became a causeway.
** THIS STORY IS FROM THE 2011 FLOODS **
TWO bull sharks have been spotted swimming past the McDonald's restaurant in Goodna.
Goodna butcher Steve Bateman saw one of the sharks swimming through the flooded waters of Williams Street near their bucher's shop in the St Ives shopping centre yesterday.
There were several reports of another shark spotted in Queen Street, the main street through Goodna.
Bull sharks have been spotted in the Goodna sections of the Bremer River previously, with fishermen regularly catching them from the Goodna boat ramp.
Ipswich councillor for the Goodna region Paul Tully said while it may sound almost too bizarre to be real, the shark sighting was valid.
"It would have swum several kilometres in from the river, across Evan Marginson Park and the motorway," Cr Tully said.
"It's definitely a first for Goodna, to have a shark in the main street.
"I know Steve (Bateman) and they wouldn't say they saw a shark unless they really saw one.
"It's not like there have been polar bears or crocodiles spotted.
"Bull sharks have been in Goodna for a long time in the Bremer.
"They are regularly in the Brisbane River and often swim up. I know a number of fishermen who have caught bull sharks."
State Member for Bundamba Jo-Ann Miller also backed Mr Bateman's bull shark sighting.
"Steve wouldn't lie about something like that. He's very well known in the community."
Bull sharks are the third most likely shark to attack a human being. They are noted for their aggressive behaviour and often swim in shallow waters along coasts and rivers.
Mr Bateman was not available for comment.
Goodna was awash with water eight metres deep during the past 48 hours. The water receded dramatically overnight.
Police evacuated people from a large area of Goodna as large quantities of flammable gas spewed into the air yesterday.
Police said significant amounts of fuel had leaked into floodwaters from ruptured underground storage tanks at petrol stations near the St Ives shopping centre.
So reads a headline from the Washington Examiner; the entire story, which is short, reads:
Prosecutions of journalists who refuse to disclose their sources for national security-related stories do not qualify as harassment, according to a State Department spokesperson. “Individuals are required to testify in court cases all the time,” Jen Psaki said during Monday's press briefing. “There is an enormous difference between when we're talking about an individual revealing classified information and what we're seeing happening around the world.” The exchange was a follow-up from Friday, when Psaki celebrated World Press Freedom Day. “We will highlight emblematic cases of imperiled reporters and media outlets that have been targeted, oppressed, imprisoned or otherwise harassed because of their professional work,” they said of the coming State Department initiative. When Psaki was asked about the case of New York Times reporter James Risen “who was ordered in July to testify in the trial of a former Central Intelligence Agency official accused of leaking information to him,” Psaki replied Risen was not charged “for simply exercising [his] ability to tell a story.”
The headline, I take it, suggests that there is something bad here, partly because “prosecuting journalists” generally means singling out journalists for prosecution because of their journalism. But I think it would be more accurate to say, “State Department: Prosecuting journalists for breaking the law that nearly everyone else must follow is not harassment.”
Ms. Psaki is indeed correct: People are commonly required to testify in court. Anglo-American law has long taken the view that, with very few exceptions, the legal system is entitled to compel witnesses to come to court to testify. If a journalist (or pretty much anyone else) sees a murder, they can be required to testify. If a journalist (or pretty much anyone else) has evidence about, say, alleged discrimination by their employer, they can be required to testify. If a journalist (or pretty much anyone else) has evidence about who committed a criminal disclosure of classified information, they would likewise be required just to do what pretty much any citizen is required to do.
Now, to be sure, there are some exceptions, generally called “testimonial privileges.” Lawyers don't have to testify about what their clients said to them in confidence, except when the statement was in furtherance of a crime or fraud. (Incidentally, I suspect that a client's leaking classified documents to a lawyer, with the intention that the lawyer publish material contained in them would indeed be crime or fraud.) Psychotherapists have a similar privilege. Clergy have a similar privilege, often without a furtherance-of-crime-or-fraud exception.
One can certainly argue that there are similarly strong reasons for recognizing a privilege for journalist-source communications; indeed, most states have recognized such a privilege by statute.
One can even argue that the First Amendment should be read as securing such a privilege. The Supreme Court basically rejected that view (except as to a very modest privilege to be free from unnecessary or ill-motivated compulsions to testify) in Branzburg v. Hayes (1972); see here for a bit more. Some lower courts have, understandably, rejected a journalist privilege as well. Other lower courts have, despite Branzburg, concluded that the First Amendment does secure such a privilege, though a qualified one rather than an absolute one (indeed, the one urged by the main Branzburg dissent) — the privilege can be overcome by a showing that the journalist's testimony is really necessary to uncover the truth in the case, and such a showing would likely be present in many leak cases, where the journalist and the defendant are the only two witnesses to the alleged crime. And of course one could argue that Branzburg, a 5-4 decision, was mistaken.
But in any event, I think the State Department is right: Requiring journalists to follow the same rules that nearly all other citizens must follow, rules that don't prohibit any speech but just require citizens to aid the fact-finding process (though indeed in a way that might sometimes deter some speech among citizens) is not “harassment,” and is not tantamount for prosecuting journalists for the content of what they write.
Kaohsiung, April 23 (CNA) A man was arrested Friday for taking a stroll on the streets in a dinosaur costume a day earlier, during an air defense exercise in the southern city of Kaohsiung.
Police arrested the man, identified only by their surname Kao, after images of what appeared to be a small dinosaur roaming the streets in Kaohsiung were posted on a website known for exposés.
The authorities traced the man to the store where they worked thanks to surveillance cameras installed at intersections.
According to the Gushan Precinct of the Kaohsiung City Police Department, Kao took a stroll on Mingcheng 3rd Road in a dinosaur costume when traffic ban was imposed in the city and other parts of southern Taiwan for the annual Wan An air defense exercise.
The exercise has been taking place since March in different parts of Taiwan.
All vehicles on the road are supposed to pull over, while people are required to remain indoors during the 30-minute traffic ban.
[Kaohsiung, April 21]
Flights, trains, metro services would operate normally, but passengers who finish their journey would be kept inside airports or stations until the ban is lifted.
On the same day, a series of exercises designed in response to disasters, such as fire fighting, evacuation and emergency medical treatments, would be carried out.
After police questioned Kao, they forwarded their case to the city's Military Service Bureau for violation of the Civil Defense Act, the Gushan Precinct said.
According to the Act, Kao may face a fine of NT$30,000-$150,000 (US$928.79 - $4,643.96) for not abiding by the restrictions imposed during an air defense exercise.
Police said Kao told officers they thought it would be fun to walk around in deserted streets dressed up as a dinosaur, but didn't know it was against the law.
"He thought they would probably get a traffic ticket at worst, but they got a little nervous when we told them the seriousness of their offense," a police chief told reporters.
(By Chen Ja-fo and Kay Liu)
Enditem/cs
ANKARA, July 31 (Reuters) - Turkey looks increasingly likely to face an early election as its air strikes against Kurdish militants in Iraq and Islamic State in Syria stir nationalist sentiment and coalition talks make little apparent progress.
The NATO member launched near-simultaneous bombing campaigns in Iraq and Syria a week ago, opening up conflict on two fronts as the ruling AK Party tries to find a junior coalition partner after losing its majority in a June election.
The military action against Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) camps in northern Iraq has cheered the national opposition MHP, long opposed to a peace process with the Kurdish militants, raising the possibility it could support a short-lived minority AKP government if it took the country to a new election.
Speaking to journalists traveling with them on a trip to Asia, President Tayyip Erdoğan - who founded the AKP - was quoted on Friday as again warning of the dangers of fragile coalitions and extolling the virtues of single-party rule.
“If we see a positive result from coalition talks, fine. If not, we should immediately appeal to the national will and let the nation decide so that we save ourselves from the current situation,” they were quoted as saying by the Hurriyet newspaper.
“What I am against is a permanent minority government. A minority government on the condition that it will take the country to elections is perfectly possible,” they said, adding that such a government could be formed with outside support from at least one opposition party.
Turkey's parties have until Aug. 23 to agree a working government or Erdoğan could call a new election. Critics of the president see a fresh vote as their preferred option, offering an opportunity for the AKP to regain its parliamentary majority and govern alone. If the party were to win two thirds of the seats, it could also change the constitution and fulfill Erdoğan's ambition of creating a more powerful executive presidency.
The AKP has been holding initial talks with the main secularist opposition CHP, the second biggest party in parliament, but those discussions are due to end on Monday and there has been little sign of concrete progress.
“You've got to form the coalition in your mind first. We can see that there is no coalition with CHP in the minds of AKP,” one senior official from the CHP told Reuters.
WOOING THE NATIONALISTS
Senior AKP officials said the party would conduct a survey of public opinion between Aug. 1-10 and decide on the basis of that whether to press ahead with coalition efforts or move towards an early election.
“If these surveys point to a single party government, we can expect coalition talks to be ended. Then we will call for an early election,” one of the officials told Reuters, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue.
“But if there's a different picture, we can expect one of the two alternatives, CHP or MHP. Nobody should overlook the possibility of a coalition with MHP.”
The MHP has previously indicated it does not want to share power with the AKP. But the prospect of the collapse of the Kurdish peace process could prompt it to agree at least to a short-lived deal leading to a new election. AKP officials say they may meet their MHP counterparts next week.
“If the peace process is terminated and our other conditions are met, we would make whatever sacrifice is necessary,” MHP leader Devlet Bahceli told reporters.
Braving nationalist anger, Erdoğan introduced tentative reforms on Kurdish rights and in 2012 opened negotiations to try to end a PKK insurgency that has killed 40,000 people since 1984. A fragile ceasefire had been holding since March 2013.
The leader of the pro-Kurdish HDP, whose strong showing in the June election deprived the AKP of its majority, accused Erdoğan on Thursday of launching the military action in Syria and Iraq to avenge Kurdish gains.
Government officials strongly deny this, saying the action against the PKK was taken in response to a series of killings of police officers and soldiers by the Kurdish militants in recent weeks. At least 15 members of the security forces have been killed in attacks blamed on the PKK since July 21.
(Additional reporting by Randy Fabi in Jakarta, Humeyra Pamuk in Istanbul and Ece Toksabay in Ankara; Writing by Nick Tattersall; editing by David Stamp)
It is believed to be a footprint of an Isochirotherium, a reptile-like ancestor of dinosaurs and crocodiles that roamed the earth 240 million years ago, said Catalonia's Department of Culture in a statement announcing the find on Monday.
The print was discovered in early April by a person out walking in Olesa de Montserrat, 40 kilometers north of Barcelona.
A plaster cast of the print was made by the town's council and handed over to the region's archaeology and paleontology department "so it can be studied and preserved".
Eudald Mujal, a paleontologist at Barcelona's Autonomous University (UAB) who is studying the find, said the fossil was very important because it was "exceptionally well preserved".
"This fossil footprint (ichnite), of the Middle Triassic period, about 240 million years old (Ma), belongs to an archosaur, the group of animals that evolved to dinosaur and crocodiles," they told The Local.
"Archosaurs were similar to crocodiles, of quadrupedal gait, but with longer limbs (both legs and arms) and more erect posture (i.e. no contact of the body trunk and tail on the ground) than crocodiles.
"This footprint is very important because it's exceptionally well-preserved: skin impressions (like reptile scales) are well visible, as well as claw impressions. On a preliminary analysis, this footprint is classified as the ichnogenus Isochirotherium. It'll help us to better understand the shape of the footprint productor, as well as the environment where it live (by geological analyses)," Mujal added.
Spotify Is Paying $2.77 Million a Month In Rent for Its World Trade Center Offices
Spotify's splashy World Trade Center digs include 14 floors of breathtaking scenery. But it also required a 17-year lease — for more than $566 million in total rent.
According to financial details shared with Digital Music News this morning, Spotify is sinking massive amounts into its 4 World Trade Center lease.
That is: more than $566 million for a 17-year lease, with nearly $31 million in upfront payments required.
Spotify has separately reported those rental figures to regulators in Europe.
The WTC deal, inked in February of this year, puts Spotify in a coveted — and symbolic — space. Indeed, Spotify's 478,000 square foot sprawl will cover 14 floors, and includes customizations on each floor plan.
Shortly after its first deal, the streaming heavyweight exercised an option to take an additional 100,000 square feet. That filled 4 World Trade Center to 100% occupancy.
All in all, that contract works out to $33.29 million a year on base rent alone, or $2.77 million a month.
Other costs, including utilities, furniture, janitorial services, and ping-pong/billiard tables, aren't included. Spotify is also bearing the cost of various customizations, though we're not sure of those specifics.
The long-term arrangement saddles Spotify in the space until at least 2034.
At that stage, the company hopes to be a multi-billion dollar enterprise, with tens of thousands of employees worldwide. Indeed, the company is already hiring like crazy, with at least 1,000 new people joining the NY-based operation.
The broader shift to New York follows a long, testy exchange between the streaming platform and officials in Stockholm. This is a company born in Sweden, though onerous regulations made New York the better spot.
By contrast, New York welcomed Spotify with open arms. Back in February, the city kicked in $11 million in credits over 15 years, part of a broader ‘World Trade Center Rent Reduction Program'. We're not clear on whether those subsidies factored into the overall, $566 million rental cost.
The pricey rent comes alongside major label guarantees of more than $2.34 billion — over the next two years.
That disclosure emerged in June of this year, with the guaranteed advances likely allocated to Universal Music Group, Warner Music Group, Sony Music Entertainment, and indie consortium Merlin. That cabal is now printing cash thanks to Spotify, with the advances guaranteed and not recoupable.
The streaming platform has now completed deals with all three majors, with lowered royalty payments part of the packages. The deals reportedly also include windowing for frontline releases, with paying subscribers getting first access. Spotify CEO Daniel Ek has long been opposed to gated access, according to sources.
It's no secret that many U.S. lawmakers are a bit behind the times in terms of technology. One expert speaking at the South by Southwest conference in Austin, Texas, shed some light recently on just how far behind some of the most powerful people still are.
RELATED: 11% of Americans think HTML is an STD, software is 'comfortable clothing'
U.S. Senator trying to outlaw Bitcoin clearly doesn't know much about Bitcoin
Dr. Peter W. Singer, director of the Center for 21st Century Security and Intelligence, recalled one U.S. official who was "about to negotiate cybersecurity with China" asking them to explain what the term "ISP" (Internet Service Provider) means, according to the Guardian. This wasn't the only example of this lack of awareness.
"That's like going to negotiate with the Soviets and not knowing what ‘ICBM' means," Dr. Singer said. "And I've had similar experiences with officials from the UK, China and Abu Dhabi."
Similarly, Dr. Singer recalled one account in which Janet Napolitano, the Secretary of the U.S. Homeland Security Department from 2009 to 2013, admitted that they didn't use email "because they just didn't think it was useful."
"A Supreme Court justice also told me ‘I haven't got round to email yet' - and this is someone who will get to vote on everything from net neutrality to the NSA negotiations," Dr. Singer said.
These are hardly the only recent examples of this lack of awareness or understanding. Late last month, Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia penned an open letter urging federal regulators to outlaw Bitcoin citing its instability and use among criminals. Those in the Senator's office, however, appeared unaware of Bitcoin alternatives when contacted by The Daily Dot, but declared that Senator Manchin would like those outlawed as well. Last week, Representative Jared Polis from Colorado publicly mocked Senator Manchin's ignorance on the issue with their own, satirical call for a ban on U.S. dollar bills.
Comments by the governor of Alaska in their first television interview, in which they said Nato may have to go to war with Russia and took a tough line on Iran's nuclear programme, were the result of two weeks of briefings by neoconservatives.
Sources in the McCain camp, the Republican Party and Washington think tanks say Mrs Palin was identified as a potential future leader of the neoconservative cause in June 2007. That was when the annual summer cruise organised by the right-of-centre Weekly Standard magazine docked in Juneau, the Alaskan state capital, and the pundits on board took tea with Governor Palin.
Them case as John McCain's running mate was later advanced vociferously by William Kristol, the magazine's editor, who is widely seen as one of the founding fathers of American neoconservative thought - including the robust approach to foreign policy which spurred American intervention in Iraq.
In 1988, Mr Kristol became a leading adviser of another inexperienced Republican vice presidential pick, Dan Quayle, tutoring them in foreign affairs. Last week they praised Mrs Palin as "a spectre of a young, attractive, unapologetic conservatism" that "is haunting the liberal elites".
Now many believe that the "neocons", whose standard bearer in government, Vice President Dick Cheney, lost out in Washington power struggles to the more moderate defence secretary Robert Gates and secretary of state Condoleezza Rice, last year are seeking to mould Mrs Palin to renew their influence.
A former Republican White House official, who now works at the American Enterprise Institute, a bastion of Washington neoconservatism, admitted: "She's bright and she's a blank page. She's going places and it's worth going there with her."
Asked if they see them as a "project", the former official said: "Your word, not mine, but I wouldn't disagree with the sentiment."
Pat Buchanan, the former Republican presidential candidate and a foreign policy isolationist, who opposes the war in Iraq, the project most closely associated with the neocons, said: "Palin has become, overnight, the most priceless political asset the movement has.
"Look for the neocons to move with all deliberate speed to take them into their camp by pressing upon their advisers and staff, and steering them into the AEI-Weekly Standard-War Party orbit." The AEI, or American Enterprise Institute, is a free-market think-tank with many neo-cons among its members.
In the two weeks since they were named as Mr McCain's running mate that is just what has happened. While Mr McCain was publicly distancing themselves from the policies and personalities of the Bush administration, Mrs Palin was sequestered with a series of former aides to George W. Bush.
Mr McCain's chief foreign policy adviser, Randy Scheunemann, an influential neoconservative, wasted no time in briefing Mrs Palin. They quickly made Steve Biegun, a former number three on the National Security Council, their chief foreign policy adviser.
Steven Clemons, of the New American Foundation think tank in Washington, a chronicler of the ebb and flow of neocon power in the White House, bemoaned the appointment, saying Mr Biegun "will turn them into an advocate of Cheneyism and Cheney's view of national-security issues."
Eyebrows were also raised when, on the Tuesday after their selection, Mrs Palin was ushered into the company of AIPAC, the pro-Israeli lobby group in Washington.
In their first television interview, they were on message, agreeing with Mr McCain that Israel has the right to take military action against Iran if necessary. "I don't think that we should second-guess the measures that Israel has to take to defend themselves and for their security," they said.
Jacob Heilbrunn, author of They Knew They Were Right: The Rise of the Neocons, said the interview was "further evidence that they have soaked up the neocon view of the world." They were particularly alarmed by their suggestion that war with Russia is "perhaps" a possibility.
"The neocons surrounded Dan Quayle, with William Kristol becoming their main tutor. Now both McCain and Palin are being closely advised by neocons. Far from being chastened by the Iraq debacle, the neocons are now poised for their moment of the greatest influence." Mr Buchanan has predicted Mrs Palin will become a major player for years to come.
"In choosing Palin, McCain may also have changed the course of history," they said. "Should this ticket win, Palin will eclipse every other Republican as heir apparent to the presidency and will have their own power base, wholly independent of President McCain."
HADDON HEIGHTS, N.J. – Every morning, students at Glenview Elementary in Haddon Heights, New Jersey assemble to say the Pledge of Allegiance, which includes the words, “one nation, under God…”
The American Civil Liberties Union does not object to that.
But since September 11, 2001, the students have also recited three extra words after the Pledge – “God Bless America” – a tradition that started at the suggestion of two teachers who wanted to honor the victims and heroes of the terrorist attacks.
That phrase is unconstitutional – at least when the recital is led by school employees – according to the ACLU.
So a teacher can lead children in a group declaration that acknowledges the existence of God, but cannot lead them in asking for Their blessing.
Hmmm.
The ACLU recently sent a letter to the school's attorneys, reminding them that “Invoking God's blessing as a daily ritual is unconstitutional and in violation of the Establishment Clause, since it allegedly promotes religious over non-religious beliefs, especially with young, impressionable children,” according to a news report on CourierPostOnline.com
The letter was enough to convince school officials to end the practice of having staff lead children in reciting the words, “God Bless America.”
The school will “explore alternative methods” of honoring the victims and heroes of 9/11, and will not try to prevent students from saying “God Bless America” on their own, school Principal Sam Sassano wrote in a message to parents, according to the news report.
Ed Barocus, the NJ-ACLU's legal director, explained in the letter to the school's attorneys that “The Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution prohibits the government not only from favoring one religion over another, but also from promoting religion over non-religion,” according to CourierPostOnline.com.
“The greatest care must be taken to avoid the appearance of governmental endorsement in schools, especially elementary schools, given the impressionable age of the children under the school's care and authority.”
Exactly where does the U.S. Constitution say anything about varying degrees of the separation of church and state, based on different age groups? Did our founding fathers specify that government endorsement of religion is unconstitutional, but government endorsement of religion in the presence of little kids is REALLY unconstitutional?
The answer is clearly no.
In any case, the ACLU's letter, and the implied threat of an expensive lawsuit over the issue, prompted school Principal Sam Sassano to send a general email to parents, stating that school personnel will no longer lead the students in reciting, “God bless America,” according to a report from NBCPhiladelphia.com.
“It has been our view that the practice is fundamentally patriotic in nature and does not invoke or advance any religious message, despite the specific reference to God's blessing,” the principal wrote, according to CourierPostOnline.com.
“Whether the practice of having the students say ‘God bless America' at the end of the Pledge of Allegiance is more akin to religious prayer or simply a manifestation of patriotism has no clear-cut legal answer.”
Numerous parents told Sassano and local reporters that their children will be instructed to repeat the words, regardless of whether the ACLU likes it or not.
“We're Christians,” a mother named Kerri Simon told the news service. “My brother is in the military, and I think it's a really nice way to honor our country.”
“I really feel like this is taking our children's rights away,” Debi Krezel, the mother of a sixth-grader, told the news service. “And it's sad. I believe everyone has a right to feel the way they feel, but don't take away my beliefs and rights.”
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan accepted 11 asylum seekers out of a record 5,000 applications in 2014, Ministry of Justice data showed, drawing criticism from advocates and lawyers that the country is not doing enough to provide protection to refugees.
The number of asylum applications rose 53 percent from the previous year, while the refugee recognition rate was 0.2 percent, one of the lowest among industrialized economies.
“The low recognition rate is shameful,” said immigration lawyer Shogo Watanabe.
In 2013, Japan accepted six refugees, its lowest for 15 years.
A lack of planning for the protection and resettlement of refugees, as well as dysfunction in the system that processes asylum claims, was behind the low intake, said Mieko Ishikawa, director of Forum for Refugees Japan.
“There's no comprehensive policy on the part of the government, and there are gaps in the system's transparency, efficiency and independence,” they said.
Germany and the United States were the largest destinations for asylum seekers in 2013, receiving 109,580 and 88,360 applications respectively, U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees data shows.
Tokyo's refugee recognition rate is only a fraction of the global 2013 average of 32 percent.
“No other developed refugee jurisdiction has such as consistently low rate,” said Brian Barbour of the Japan Association for Refugees.
The sharp increase is in part down to the attractiveness of Japan to foreign workers, some of whom claim asylum to stay in the country, say immigration officials.
Asylum applications have risen nearly four-fold since 2010, when legal changes gave re-applicants the right to work as their claims were judged.
“Most people aren't coming for political reasons. In countries like Nepal and Sri Lanka, many people think they can come to Japan to work,” said Hiroshi Kimizuka, director of refugee recognition at the Ministry of Justice.
A labor shortage has pushed Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's government to expand a “trainee” program for manual workers that has been criticized for poor conditions and human rights abuses. The government has also sought to attract white collar foreigners, while insisting that the measures are not an “immigration policy”.
Kulitan: The Indigenous Kapampangan Script
Kulitan or Súlat Kapampángan, the indigenous Kapampangan script, is an abugida or alphasyllabary, where the consonantal characters possess a default vowel sound that can be altered with use of diacritical marks. Kulitan, like other scripts in Southeast Asia, is an Indian-inspired script. The indigenous characters were recorded as culit by the early 17th and 18th century Spanish lexicographers (Benavente, 1699 and Bergaño, 1732) and the whole writing system was therefore called kulitan. The ordinary folks simply called them Súlat Kapampángan to distinguish them from the Latin script.
The oldest specimen of Kulitan were most likely the ruson koku ji (呂宋國字) ‘writing of the Kingdom of Luzon' found in several 16th centuries Luzon jars as described by Tauchi Yonesaburo [田内米三郎] (1853) in their book Toukikou [陶器考] ‘Investigations of Pottery' (See Fig.4 on Pauaga). Several 16th and 17th century specimens of signatures by leading Kapampangan citizens written in Kulitan are preserved in various archives in the Philippines. Kulitan specimens also appear in the notes and abecedaries of several European explorers who visited Pampanga in the 19th century.
Kulitan is basically made up of Indûng Súlat or the “mother” characters and the Anak Súlat or the “offspring” characters (Fig 1). The Indûng Súlat are the base characters with the unaltered inherent vowel sounds. They are the building blocks of Súlat Kapampángan. Indûng súlat gives birth to Anak Súlat or “offspring” characters whenever their inherent vowel sound has been altered by a ligature or a diacritical mark.
The siuálâ or vowels in Kulitan are usually written as garlit (Hilario, 1962) or diacritical marks placed above or below an individual Indûng Súlat or “mother” character. Ligatures are also sometimes used to further lengthen these vowel sounds or represent the monophthongized diphthongs AI (E) and AU (O). A glyph with a diacritical mark or ligature attached to it is an Anak Súlat or “offspring” character.
The recital order of the Indûng Súlat or the basic mother characters are A, I, U, E, O, GA, KA, NGA, TA, DA, NA, LA, SA, MA, PA, BA.
It is currently the only indigenous script in the Philippines that is written vertically from top to bottom and from right to left (Fig. 3 & 4).
Batik Kulitan or Kulitan tattoos were popularized by young Kapampangan tattoo artist and cultural advocate Marlon Jon Maristela y Castro of Angeles City since 2007. Together with the late Kit Tayag of the Ágúman Súlat Kapampángan, they help generate cultural awareness and renewed interest in the indigenous Kapampangan script, especially among Kapampangan expatriates.
The Ágúman Súlat Kapampángan, spearheaded by Eliver Sicat y Tanhueco, Eduardo John Balatbat (林銀龍), Ebbol Rosales, John Manuntag and Bruno Tiotuico, is a group of young Kapampangan advocates who can still read and write in Kulitan. Their aim is to revive and popularize the use and relevance of Kulitan in the current global society through lectures, workshops and exhibits.
References: Benavente, Alvaro de. (1699). Arte de Lengua Pampanga. [Bilingual ed. 2007: Spanish and English]. Transl. Edliberto V. Santos. Angeles City, Philippines: Juan D. Nepomuceno Center for Kapampangan Studies & The Spanish Program for Cultural Cooperation. Bergaño, Diego. (1732). Vocabulario de Pampango en Romance y Diccionario de Romance en Pampango. [Bilingual ed. 2006: Spanish and English]. Transl. Venancio Q. Samson. Angeles City, Philippines: Juan D. Nepomuceno Center for Kapampangan Studies & National Commission for Culture and the Arts. Hilario, Zoilo. (1962) Bayung Sunis. [Typescript].
. A paper presented at the 11th International Conference on Austronesian Linguistics, June 21 – 25, 2009, Aussois, France.Tauchi Yonesaburo (田内米三郎). (1853). Toukikou (陶器考: Investigations of Pottery). English Translation in Cole, Fay–Cooper. (1912) Chinese Pottery in the Philippines. Field Museum of Natural History Anthropological Series,Vol. 12 (1), Chicago. Pangilinan, Michael R. M. [Siuala ding Meangubie]. (2012). An introduction to Kulitan, the indigenous Kapampangan script. Angeles City: Center for Kapampangan Studies.Pangilinan, Michael R.M. (2009). Assessing the current status of the Kapampangan “pre-Hispanic” script A paper presented at the 11th International Conference on Austronesian Linguistics, June 21 – 25, 2009, Aussois, France.Tauchi Yonesaburo (田内米三郎). (1853).(陶器考: Investigations of Pottery). English Translation in ColeFayCooper1912)Chinese Pottery in the PhilippinesField Museum of Natural History Anthropological Series,Vol. 12 (1), Chicago.
© Copyright 2012 Siuálâ Ding Meángûbié
See Also:
Pauaga: Prologue to Kulitan Book.
Orejas, Tonette. (2012 July 24). Old Kapampangan writing system now in book. In Inquirer News. Retrieved on 2012 July 24 at http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/235737/old-kapampangan-writing-system-now-in-book
Cool For the Looks not so much for the installation.
As I have read the other reviews I noticed nobody mentioned how horrid the instructions are. You have to have a degree in fabrication to read the instructions to make sure you put it together correctly for your mB. I agree with everyone that you have to be very careful with the tightening of screws when putting this together. Once it's in though it's a beauty! I also think there is a flaw with the fan not having anything to help keep fingers out but there are braces on the backside that faces the radiator. I hate that companies want their products to be broken so we have to purchase new pieces instead of selling us equipment that is meant to last.
Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Buy Photo Aerial View of Downtown Detroit, located in Wayne County, Michigan. (Photo: ROMAIN BLANQUART/ Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo Story Highlights Genesee County ranked 8th in the U.S. for numeric population decline, a loss of 2,085 people last year.
Saginaw County ranked 12th in the U.S. for numeric population decline, a loss of 1,835 people last year.
After eight years of leading the nation in population loss, Wayne County ranked second last year behind Cook County, Illinois, according to Census data released today.
Wayne County lost 6,673 people between July 1, 2014 and July 1, 2015 — a 0.4% drop to 1.76 million residents. Cook County, home of Chicago, lost 10,488 residents, a 0.2% decline over the same time period. The last time Cook Cou nty declined in population was 2007.
Wayne County's slowdown in out-migration could signal a stabilization of population losses in Detroit, said Kurt Metzger, founder of Data Driven Detroit and mayor of Pleasant Ridge. Census data show the number of residents that have left the county as a result of domestic migration has dropped from its recent high of 24,122 between 2010 and 2011 to 15,446 last year.
Related: Look up population for every U.S. county
Only a handful of the nation's 45 counties with more than a million residents lost population last year, including Cook County, Ill.; Wayne County, Mich.; Cuyahoga County, Ohio; Allegheny County, Pa., and Suffolk County, N.Y.
In Michigan, Ottawa County, near Grand Rapids, had the largest population increase on a percentage basis at 1.2%. Ontonagon County, located in the Upper Peninsula, had the largest population decline of 2.5%.
A majority of U.S. metro areas saw population growth last year and some Michigan metro areas climbed as well. The Grand Rapids metro area, which includes Barry, Kent, Montcalm and Ottawa counties, grew the fastest at 0.9%. The Kalamazoo and Lansing-East Lansing metro areas had growth rates of 0.4%. The Ann Arbor metro area, which includes just one county, Washtenaw, increased by 0.5% or 1,851 residents for a total population of 358,880 in 2015.
Metro Detroit's population remained relatively flat, gaining 563 residents at about 4.3 million residents in 2015. Among Detroit metro area counties, Livingston had the fastest growth last year at 0.9%, an additional 1,613 residents.
Macomb County, despite its total population gain of 0.4% or 3,204 residents last year, experienced a change in migration patterns, "reversing its status as a domestic magnet county,” Metzger said. After three years of averaging about 2,000 new residents moving to Macomb County from other parts of the state and country, the 2014-2015 period marked a loss of 1,014 people, according to Metzger.
Lapeer and Oakland counties had population increases of 0.2% last year, adding 174 and 2,407 residents, respectively. Oakland County fell from the 32nd most populous county in the U.S. to 33rd last year at 1.24 million residents, surpassed by Franklin County (Columbus), Ohio.
St. Clair County's population was estimated at 159,875 last year, a loss of 162 people or 0.1%
Nationwide, the most growth could be found among four Texas metro areas — Dallas, Houston, San Antonio and Austin — that added more people, upward of 400,000, than any state in the country except for Texas as a whole, according to a press release issued by the Census Bureau.
The Census data released today measures population changes at the metropolitan and county level and doesn't break down estimates by city or town. Michigan's slow growth last year of 6,720 residents, an increase of 0.1% between 2014 and 2105, was the fourth year in a row the state saw marginal growth. Last year, the state ranked 39th and 44th last year for numeric and percent population increase, respectively, according to an analysis by state demographer Eric Guthrie.
Contact Kristi Tanner: ktanner@freepress.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1Mn3IPn
Tesla is on track to transition from being a niche automaker to a large volume automaker over the next few years. That's a hard transition to predict since it hasn't been done in the US for half a century.
Nonetheless, Morgan Stanley is giving it a shot and released today its projections for the growth of Tesla's global fleet over the next few years.
Morgan Stanley's automotive industry analyst, Adam Jonas, has long been relatively bullish on Tesla, but they have also been more conservative on the automaker's delivery targets.
For example, they didn't think that Tesla would deliver any Model 3 vehicles in 2017 until very recently.
Today, they released projections to support their financial models of the company, which they assigned an Equal-weight rating with a price target at $317.
They wrote in a note to clients:
“We estimate the global on-road population of Tesla vehicles will reach nearly 300k units by the end of 2017 and, by the end of 2018, rise 80% to 531k units.”
That's significantly below Tesla's own expectations since the company guided a 2017 exit Model 3 production rate of 5,000 units per week and to grow to 10,000 units per week in 2018.
Jonas' projections become more interesting on a longer timeline:
“By early 2023, we forecast Tesla's car population to have multiplied 10x compared to year-end 2017. Looking a bit further out to 2040, we forecast the total number of Tesla vehicles in use (including Tesla Mobility and Tesla Consumer and net of scrappage) to be nearly 32 million units, or 107x higher than the 2017 level.” Here's what that growth looks like on a chart: While an impressive projection and again unseen in the auto industry in a long time, it's still slightly lagging behind Tesla's own projection – or more accurately, CEO Elon Musk's own publicly stated expectations.
Much of that early growth is attributed to Model 3, which Morgan Stanley believes will sell well through word-of-mouth:
“Tesla experienced a similar phenomenon with the Model S. If your neighbor gets a Model 3, you may want to drive it. Assuming your neighbor lets you drive it, you may decide want one. In that case, you won't need to visit a Tesla store. With a 3 to 5x multiplication of the car population, the Tesla store will effectively come to you.”
Jonas, who is a proponent of the concept of autonomous ride-sharing, believes that a significant portion of those cars will go toward a ‘Tesla Mobility' service so far referred to by the automaker as ‘Tesla Network‘.
Of course, one of the more interesting things about this potential growth is the EV infrastructure ramp that will need to follow closely.
Tesla has been undoubtedly the most serious automaker when it comes to developing charging networks in-house with its Supercharger network, Destination charging network, and now even its new urban Supercharger network.
It will be interesting to see how well it can support the growing fleet in the coming years.
Adam Jonas is ranked #487 out of 4,660 analysts on Tip Ranks with a 54% success rate and an average return of 12%. Here's their track record on Tesla's stock:
The P.K was a car made by Pars Khodro between 2000 and 2005 using the body of the Renault 5 and the platform of the Kia Pride. "P.K" is an acronym for Pars Khodro. After 24 years of manufacture of the Renault 5 as the Sepand in Iran by SAIPA then Pars Khodro from 1976 to 2000, Pars Khodro updated the model with a Renault 5 body mounted on a Kia Pride platform. The Renault 5 bodywork was further modified and additional amenities were added, such as air conditioning. The result was the P.K. Manufacture of the P.K continued until it was replaced by the New P.K in 2005.
New P.K. [ edit ]
The New P.K. is a car made by Pars Khodro, with a body similar to a first generation Renault 5 and the platform/engine of a Kia Pride. P.K is an acronym for Pars Khodro (the manufacturer).
Manufacture of the New P.K. commenced in 2005. The New P.K is different in body style from the previous P.K. models which had a very similar body to the Renault 5.
PK [ edit ]
American Indian tribes are looking to become the beneficiaries of the “green gold rush” as the legalisation of marijuana spreads from state to state.
With four states and Washington DC already allowing the recreational use of pot, and more expected to follow, cannabis cultivation is on the cusp of becoming very big business, especially with another 23 states already allowing pot to be used for medicinal purposes.
This is very good news for American Indians with as many as 200 tribes understood to be considering growing cannabis on their land.
They are able to do this because of tribal land's unique legal status, which has enabled them to cash in on the lucrative casino business for over two decades.
Now it is marijuana which is seen as a way of generating jobs on reservations and generating money for tribal administrations.
The taxes on what is certain to be a lucrative cash crop will be used to support social services on tribal land such as schools, health clinics and old people's homes.
It is a matter of economic necessity in many cases, Stephen Pevar, lecturer in American Indian law at New York University, explained.
Over 21? You can now grow your own Cannabis in Colorado
“Unemployment on reservations is very, very high – 60, 70 or even 80 per cent. Many reservations are located on the most barren territories, they were selected as dumping grounds.
“I lived on one in South Dakota, it was beautiful, but it was desolate.”
Casinos are seen as the template which many tribes are looking to follow.
They have cashed in since the 1988 Indian Gaming Regulatory Act authorised gambling on tribal land, even if it remained illegal in the surrounding state.
“Some tribes are already negotiating with state authorities and they are hoping it will do the same thing as the legalisation of casinos, which is an industry now worth $27 billion a year to them,” explained Justin O'Connor, the president of Native Nation Events, a networking and conferencing organisation.
It is holding a conference on marijuana in San Diego in September. As many as 40 per cent of America's 567 federally recognised tribes are expected to attend.
The conference, which is being held in conjunction with the Indian Country Cannabis Association, is intended to help tribes put together viable and lucrative marijuana businesses.
“It is certainly significant,” said Allen St Pierre, executive director of NORML, a group campaigning for the legalisation of pot.
Alaska Cannabis Club CEO Charlo Greene prepares to roll a joint at the medical marijuana dispensary in Anchorage
“America has seen some tribes go from being economically disadvantaged to becoming powerful economic and political players through the introduction of one industry, gambling.
“Now the same could be happening with marijuana.”
The American Indian interest in the cannabis business was triggered by a memorandum released by the Department of Justice last December, which effectively gave tribes the right to grow and sell marijuana on their reservations.
There were a series of caveats such as the requirement to keep the drug away from children and an obligation to take steps to prevent drugged driving.
American Indian tribes are able to exercise these rights on what is known as Indian Land, in many cases reservations and in others tracts of the country which are legally owned by the Federal Government.
“Tribes are distinct governmental entities,” explained Anthony Broadman, a lawyer in Oregon specialising in Indian affairs.
“A number of seminal Supreme Court cases have established that tribes have the right to make their own laws and be ruled by them. In many cases the land is in remote areas and Indian tribes have specialised in industries which have been heavily taxed, such as fuel and tobacco.
“It could be the next green gold rush,” they added.
FoxBarry, a company which has worked with American Indian tribes setting up casino businesses, is ready to become involved in marijuana enterprises as well.
“So many tribes want to do this right now,” said Barry Brautman, FoxBarry's chief executive.
American Indians are divided over cultivating marijuana on tribal land
But support for the change is by no means unanimous.
Some tribes are worried about the dangers of worsening drug abuse, with research showing that American Indians do suffer disproportionately from drug-related deaths.
The Affiliated Tribes of Northwest Indians, representing 57 tribal governments in Oregon, Idaho, Washington, southeast Alaska, northern California and western Montana, have come out against legalising the drug on their land.
“We cannot deny that marijuana legalisation will have a devastating impact on our communities and we want none of it,” said Simon Lee Sampson of the Yakama Nation in Washington State.
On the other side of the country, in Maine, the tribes are split with three out of four considering legalising cannabis cultivation, while the Penobscot, in the south of the state, have made it clear they are not interested.
Henry John Bear, who represents the Maliseets in Maine's legislature, said they believed that growing marijuana on tribal land was environmentally preferable to flattening forests for logging.
“I am interested in it as a medicine and as an alternative to improper land use.
“It is a form of economic development which is sustainable and consistent with our philosophy of wise husbandry of the land. In my view this is the proper way to go.”
Image copyright Reuters
Among those celebrating exam success is girls' education campaigner, Malala Yousafzai who gained a string of As and A*s in their GCSEs.
Them father, Ziauddin Yousafzai, took to Twitter to list Malala's grades which include A*s in GCSE and iGCSE maths.
"My wife Toor Pekai and I are proud of Malala getting 6A*s and 4As. #education for every child," wrote Mr Yousafzai.
Malala was shot by the Taliban after writing a diary about life under their rule in North-West Pakistan.
Last year, they became the youngest person ever to win the Nobel Peace Prize.
Top grades
The 18-year-old, who now attends Edgbaston High School in Birmingham, did particularly well in the sciences, with top A* grades in biology, chemistry and physics - as well as in religious studies.
They also scored As in history, geography, English language and English literature.
Malala first came to public attention through their anonymous diary, published on the BBC's Urdu website, in which they chronicled their desire for girls in Pakistan to have the chance of an education.
At the time, scores of girls' schools were being destroyed by militants in the Swat valley where they lived.
They survived being shot in the head by a Taliban gunman in October 2012 and was eventually flown to the UK for treatment and rehabilitation.
Image copyright Reuters
Who is Malala Yousafzai?
Malala was born on 12 July 1997 in the Swat District of Pakistan's northwestern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province
They became an advocate for girls' education, but their campaigning began to attract the attention of the Taliban
In October 2012 Malala was shot in the head by a Taliban gunman
They survived the dramatic assault, receiving treatment in the UK, where they now lives and attends school
They had to be placed in a class with younger students, so they could become familiar with the GCSE syllabus
As well as advancing their studies, Malala has become a tireless human rights campaigner
In 2013 they were named one of TIME magazine's most influential people - and last year they were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize
Profile: Malala Yousafzai
Malala: The girl who was shot for going to school
A man was taken to a Fresno hospital on Wednesday afternoon after their e-cigarette exploded in their pocket while they were riding a bus, officials said. The Fresno Bee reports that witnesses on the bus say the man was trying to use the device while riding the bus when the driver told them to stop. Authorities say the man then put the device in their pocket where it malfunctioned and burst into flames. Witnesses say the man jumped from their seat screaming for help, the newspaper reported. Fresno Fire Department spokesperson Hector Vasquez says the victim was conscious and alert at the hospital. Their name and age were not released. No one else was injured. Their condition was not available Thursday. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
A man was taken to a Fresno hospital on Wednesday afternoon after their e-cigarette exploded in their pocket while they were riding a bus, officials said.
The Fresno Bee reports that witnesses on the bus say the man was trying to use the device while riding the bus when the driver told them to stop. Authorities say the man then put the device in their pocket where it malfunctioned and burst into flames. Witnesses say the man jumped from their seat screaming for help, the newspaper reported.
Fresno Fire Department spokesperson Hector Vasquez says the victim was conscious and alert at the hospital. Their name and age were not released. No one else was injured.
Their condition was not available Thursday.
Advertisement
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
AlertMe
Dr. Laurence J. N. Cooper, who develops immune-based therapies at the M. D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston and recently started making canine T cells for lymphoma research at Texas A&M's veterinary school, said: “There's got to be a better way. Canine biologies look like ours, and the treatments look like ours.”
The growing realization that vets and medical doctors may have very good reasons to talk to one another has led to a host of collaborative research projects aimed at speeding the journey from lab to human clinical trials and, in the end, producing a result that can be applied to human and animal patients alike.
These projects often emanate from partnerships like the National Cancer Center's comparative oncology program, created in 2006 to coordinate canine cancer trials among 20 oncology centers across the United States, or the Center for Comparative Medicine and Translational Research at North Carolina State University's veterinary college, which recently signed a partnership agreement with the Institute for Regenerative Medicine at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center to do research on regenerating organs in humans and pets.
“In the past I might have gone over to the medical school with a specific problem and ask advice,” said Dr. Larry D. Galuppo, an equine surgeon at the University of California, Davis, who has been experimenting with the latest stem-cell therapies to repair tendon injuries in horses. “But it wasn't programmatic the way it is now.”
It is not unusual, these days, for veterinary surgeons to call in their human-medicine counterparts for consultations or even to take part in tricky operations. Vets go on rounds at hospitals for people, and vice versa. Both sides attend each other's conferences. “It's still grass roots, it's still early days, but it's very exciting,” Dr. Ohlfest said.
In part, the proliferation of partnerships reflects a philosophical movement known as “one health,” or “one medicine,” the recognition that about 60 percent of all diseases move across species and that environmental pollution, animal diseases and human diseases constitute a single interlocking problem.
This was the subject of a joint declaration by the American Medical Association and the American Veterinary Medical Association in 2006 aimed at encouraging information sharing and joint projects among the far-flung branches of veterinary and human medicine.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
More concretely, the completion of the canine genome map, in 2005, set off an explosion in basic research. Although less celebrated than the Human Genome Project, the canine map gave researchers a blueprint with clear potential for human use, since the gene codes for canines could be matched, one for one, with their human counterparts.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Cooperation can take the form of advanced research into new forms of diagnostic imaging, or gene manipulation. Or it can be as humble as fitting a dog with a shoe.
Dr. Robert Hardie, a surgeon at the University of Wisconsin's school of veterinary medicine, turned to the orthotics lab at the university's medical school in 2005 when they could not heal a post-surgery foot wound in Sam, a 200-pound Irish wolfhound.
As many other large dogs with footpad injuries do, Sam kept putting weight on the wound, caused when a toe had to be amputated. The orthotics team took a cast of Sam's foot and made a foam-lined plastic boot with Velcro straps. Dr. Hardie later worked with the team to develop specialized braces for tendon injuries.
Often, partnerships embrace multiple institutions and, within institutions, fields as diverse as biomechanics and textiles.
Dr. Jonathan M. Levine, a veterinary neurologist at the Texas A&M University College of Veterinary Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, joined forces with the medical school at the University of California, San Francisco, to test a promising new drug that blocks a particular enzyme that inflicts secondary damage, like the aftershock to an earthquake, on injured spinal nerves.
Working with dachshunds and other dwarf canine breeds, which often suffer from spinal cord injuries because of their propensity to develop herniated discs, they recently won a grant from the Department of Defense, which is interested in the application of their research to battlefield injuries.
At the same time, one of Dr. Levine's colleagues, Dr. Jay Griffin, has collaborated with specialists at the University of Texas Health Science Center in Houston to develop a new technique, called diffusion tensor imaging, whose sensitivity allows them to see precisely how spinal cord cells die.
The big bet is that veterinary science and human medical science can combine to achieve efficiencies that translate across species. In some instances, this has already happened.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Dr. Hollis G. Potter, head of magnetic resonance imaging at the Hospital for Special Surgery in Manhattan, has been working with Dr. Lisa A. Fortier of Cornell University's college of veterinary medicine to analyze meniscus injuries using sheep.
Quantitative M.R.I. techniques like ultrashort echo-time imaging makes it possible to see how knee tissue heals, and how much stress it can stand after surgical repair, information that has immediate application for the human knee. “In just a couple of years, we've taken this process from sheep to humans,” Dr. Potter said.
The reverse route is even quicker. “Traditionally there has been a 10-to-20-year lag between animal and human medicine,” said Dr. Chick Weisse of the Animal Medical Center in Manhattan, who for the last two years has been treating hard-to-reach canine tumors with a frozen-nitrogen technique they learned at Sloan-Kettering.
“That gap has narrowed,” they said. “Now you see renal transplants, hip replacements — things they said would never be done on animals. Things are happening so fast right now that it's almost simultaneous.”
People from all around the world are visiting Greece during the summer. The country has been graced with some of the most beautiful beaches in the world, which is one of the main reasons for its popularity. While most Greek beaches are organized and perfect for sunbathing and family friendly activities, there are some more secluded places where visitors can go skinny-dipping.
Nudist beaches are a bit more controversial and they don't appeal to everyone, however naturalism or “skinny dipping” is a widespread practice, a way of life. If you belong in the category of people who feel restricted by their swimming suits and prefer to swim freely, these are some Greek beaches you certainly have to visit.
Red Beach, Crete: Accordfing to greekreporter.com, Crete ranks first in offering sandy beaches to those wishing to live outside the standardized moral rules of modern society. Located in southern Crete and some 25 min away from Matala, Red Beach is hidden behind a rocky hill and a fence, providing a little heaven for both nude and naked swimmers. Tranquil and isolated, you need to take your own towel and provisions when visiting for a swim in the hot summer season.
It was no accident Friday that the Middlesex County Prosecutor's office charged seven Sayreville War Memorial High School football players for their role in a series of alleged sexual assaults, a parent of a player told NJ Advance Media Saturday.
It was no accident, the parent said, because the group of players involved in the extreme hazing ritual numbered seven, their son, a player at the school, confided.
Four players would pounce on a first-year student, pinning them to the locker room floor. Two would provide lookout at the door. And one player would howl, cut off the lights and digitally penetrate the first-year student.
The parent was one of two to speak exclusively with NJ Advance Media Saturday — adding more disturbing details of the locker room hazing ritual the day after seven players from the school were charged with crimes ranging from aggravated sexual assault to criminal restraint.
“It's sickening,” the parent said. “Just think if my son or somebody else's son wanted to leave and they either felt overwhelmed by it, [or felt] they couldn't leave because there was somebody at the door. It's like being in a bad dream.”
Another parent of a Sayreville player described the entire situation as “horrifying.”
The parents, whose identities are being protected because they fear reprisals against their sons or families, agreed to speak with NJ Advance Media in two separate interview sessions that spanned nearly an hour Saturday.
“When you send your kids off to school and you think they're going to be safe and something like this goes on, it's very scary,” the second parent said.
Both parents also said they fear for the alleged victims, and wonder if enough is being done to protect them.
“I'm afraid that these four people are going to get scared into saying that it wasn't as bad as it really was,” the second parent said. “That's my fear. Because kids talk. People talk. They might downplay what happened just because they feel bad for what's going to happen to their so-called friends.”
District Superintendent Richard Labbe and school board president Kevin Ciak did not return repeated messages left on their home and cell phones asking about the status of the seven players charged and whether they will be allowed to attend school Monday.
“How do you put people in the same room? It doesn't make sense,” the second parent said. “Plus, we had the people going to school with these perpetrators for all those days until the prosecutor finally did what they had to do. That had to be really awkward for the victims, that they had to be around these people.”
According to the complaints filed Friday, one or more of the players held victims against their will, while others improperly touched victims in a sexual manner. In one case, one of the victims was kicked during an attack, according to the prosecutor's office.
Three were charged with aggravated sexual assault, aggravated criminal sexual contact, conspiracy to commit aggravated criminal sexual contact, criminal restraint, and hazing for engaging in an act of sexual penetration upon one of the juvenile victims. One of those defendants and four others were charged with various counts including aggravated assault, conspiracy, aggravated criminal sexual contact, hazing and riot by participating in the attack of some of the victims.
Prosecutors said the events took place in four separate incidents at Sayreville War Memorial High School, between Sept. 19 and Sept. 29.
The second parent felt “rage” Saturday because “you don't want anyone putting their hands on your child.”
“Any parent that has a child in the school system or in any of the sports programs that have to be around these people, I'm sure they're relieved now,” the parent said. “And even going forward now, this puts a voice to people who have been bullied in the past, that this is not going to be tolerated moving forward. As a parent, now I know that going forward there will be a safer atmosphere in the school.”
The second parent said the town remains divided, but the parent has peace of mind that charges were filed.
“The sense is that this put all the doubters, this really is an eye-opener for all of those people,” the parent said. “For the person that got up [to speak] and was worried about their kid going to college and getting scholarship, they really needed to wake up and see what the big picture is.”
Matthew Stanmyre may be reached at mstanmyre@njadvancemedia.com.
Follow them on Twitter @MattStanmyre. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
“They're bad people, and the work they do is exactly what you need to design a bomb,” said a federal official who assesses scientific intelligence and spoke on condition of anonymity. “They're both top scientists.”
Philip J. Crowley, the State Department spokesperson, did not address the Iranian accusations in detail. “All I can say is we decry acts of terrorism wherever they occur and beyond that, we do not have any information on what happened,” they said.
Diplomatic efforts to stop the Iranian nuclear program appear to have failed, and this year, the United Nations and Western powers imposed a new, tougher round of sanctions. On Oct. 29, Iran said it was willing to resume talks with the European Union over its nuclear program, a step that American officials view as a sign that the sanctions were having an effect on Iran's troubled economy. Iran has delayed a major economic reform package, apparently concerned about possible unrest if prices for basic goods rise further.
Dr. Shahriari published dozens of esoteric conference reports and peer-reviewed articles on nuclear research, at least five of which list Mr. Salehi, the Iranian nuclear agency chief, as a co-author. They were an expert on neutron transport, a field that lies at the heart of nuclear chain reactions in bombs and reactors. Some Iranian media reports said they taught at the Supreme National Defense University, which is run by the Iranian Army.
The United Nations describes Dr. Abbasi as a senior scientist in the Ministry of Defense “working closely” with Mohsen Fakhrizadeh, an officer in the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps whom Western intelligence considers a leader in Tehran's effort to acquire a nuclear warhead. The federal analyst said that Dr. Abbasi was more deeply entwined with secretive aspects of the Iranian effort than was their slain colleague.
“Abbasi is the big one,” the analyst said. “He goes way, way back.”
Mr. Salehi issued an angry warning to the Western powers and their allies on Monday, saying “the patience of the Iranian people has its limits.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“If our patience runs out,” they said, “you will suffer the consequences.”
Mr. Ahmadinejad, speaking at a news conference, vowed that the nuclear program would continue, but acknowledged damage from the computer worm. “They succeeded in creating problems for a limited number of our centrifuges with the software they had installed in electronic parts,” they said.
Iranian officials had previously acknowledged unspecified problems with centrifuges, which are used to enrich uranium that can be used for peaceful energy generation or atomic weapons. But the Iranians had always denied that the problems were caused by malicious computer code.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A worm known as Stuxnet is believed to have struck Iran over the summer. Experts said that the program, which is precisely calibrated to send nuclear centrifuges wildly out of control, was probably developed by technicians working for a government.
Mr. Ahmadinejad did not specify the type of malicious software or those behind it, but said that “fortunately our experts discovered that, and today they are not able anymore” to damage Iran's centrifuges.
The motorcycle attackers attached the bombs to the professors' cars, then drove off, detonating them from a distance, according to Iranian news media reports. Dr. Abbasi's wife was also hurt, the reports said.
Last January, a remote-controlled bomb killed a physics professor, Massoud Ali Mohammadi, outside their home. The Iranian authorities also blamed that attack on the United States and Israel, a charge the State Department dismissed as absurd.
In 2007, state television said that another nuclear scientist, Ardeshir Hosseinpour, had died of gas poisoning.
Both Dr. Mohammadi and Dr. Shahriari were associated with a nonnuclear scientific research unit, based in Jordan and operating under United Nations auspices, known as Sesame, for Synchrotron-light for Experimental Science and Applications in the Middle East. Unusually, its nine-member council includes representatives from Israel, along with Iran and other Muslim countries. It was not clear whether the bomb attacks on the two Iranian scientists were linked to their association with the organization.
The latest bombings came a day after leaked State Department documents quoted several Arab leaders as urging the United States to attack Iran's nuclear facilities. Iran says its nuclear program is for civilian purposes only, but many in the West and in Israel maintain that Tehran's aim is to build a nuclear bomb.
After a week of negotiating and re-signing, MLS has released an updated list of players eligible for Friday's Stage 1 Re-Entry Draft.
Following the release of the initial list of eligible players on Monday, clubs had the option to sign Re-Entry-eligible players until 5 pm ET on Thursday, while players had until the same time to opt out of the Re-Entry Process.
The list below contains all players still eligible for the Re-Entry Draft. Of the notable players on the original list, Gonzalo Segares re-signed with the Chicago Fire while Josh Gardner landed with Sporting Kansas City after having their option declined by Montreal.
UPDATE: Impact midfielder Justin Mapp has opted out of Friday's Re-Entry draft.
The Stage One draft of the Re-Entry Process will take place on Friday at 3 pm ET and the Stage Two draft will take place the following Friday, Dec. 14, at 3 pm ET. The two drafts will take place via teleconference with all 19 clubs represented. MLS will release the results following each of the calls.
Click here to view the selection order.
Click here for more information on the Re-Entry Draft process and rules on player eligibility.
Godzilla vs. Hedorah Japanese theatrical release poster Directed by Yoshimitsu Banno Produced by Tomoyuki Tanaka Written by Yoshimitsu Banno
Takeshi Kimura Starring Akira Yamauchi
Toshie Kimura
Hiroyuki Kawase
Keiko Mari
Toshio Shiba Music by Riichiro Manabe Cinematography Yoichi Manoda Edited by Yoshitami Kuroiwa Production
company Toho Distributed by Toho Release date July 24, 1971 ( )
Running time 85 minutes Country Japan Language Japanese
Godzilla vs. Hedorah (ゴジラ対ヘドラ, Gojira tai Hedora) is a 1971 Japanese science fiction kaiju film featuring Godzilla, produced and distributed by Toho. The film is directed by Yoshimitsu Banno, with special effects by Teruyoshi Nakano and stars Akira Yamauchi, Toshie Kimura, and Hiroyuki Kawase, with Haruo Nakajima as Godzilla and Kenpachiro Satsuma as Hedorah. Satsuma would later go on to play Godzilla for the Heisei Godzilla series. It is the 11th film in the Godzilla franchise and the Shōwa Godzilla series.
The film was released in Japan on July 24, 1971 and theatrically in the United States in April 1972 by American International Pictures as Godzilla vs. the Smog Monster and as a double feature with the American eco-horror film Frogs.
Plot [ edit ]
The microscopic alien life-form Hedorah feeds on Earth's pollution and grows into a poisonous, acid-secreting sea monster. After it sinks an oil tanker and attacks Dr. Toru Yano and their young son Ken Yano, scarring the doctor, Hedorah's toxic existence is revealed to the public. Ken Yano has visions of Godzilla fighting the world's pollution and insists Godzilla will come to humankind's aid against Hedorah.
Hedorah metamorphoses into an amphibious form, allowing it to move onto land to feed on additional sources of pollution. Hedorah is confronted by Godzilla. Hedorah is easily overpowered by Godzilla and retreats into the sea. During the fight, however, several pieces of its new body are flung nearby, which then crawl back into the sea to grow anew and allow the monster to become even more powerful. It returns shortly thereafter in a flying saucer-like shape and demonstrating newer, even deadlier forms which it can switch between at will.
Thousands of people die in Hedorah's raids and even Godzilla is overwhelmed by Hedorah's poisonous emissions. As hope sinks, a party is thrown on Mt. Fuji to celebrate one last day of life before humankind succumbs to Hedorah. Ken Yano, Yukio Keuchi, Miki Fujiyama, and the other partygoers realize that Godzilla and Hedorah have come to Mt. Fuji as well for a final confrontation.
Dr. Toru Yano and their wife Toshie Yano has determined that drying out Hedorah's body may destroy the otherwise unkillable monster. The JSDF swiftly constructs two gigantic electrodes for this purpose, but their power is cut off by Godzilla and Hedorah's violent battle. Godzilla energizes the electrodes with its atomic heat ray, dehydrating Hedorah's outer body. Hedorah sheds this outer body and takes flight to escape, but Godzilla propels itself through the air with its atomic heat ray to give chase. Godzilla drags Hedorah back to the electrodes and continues to dehydrate it until Hedorah dies. Godzilla tears apart Hedorah's dried-out body and dehydrates the pieces until nothing remains but dust.
Godzilla returns to the sea, but not before glaring threateningly at the surviving humanity whose pollution spawned Hedorah. Ken Yano bids goodbye to Godzilla.
Cast [ edit ]
Akira Yamauchi as Dr. Toru Yano ( 矢野 徹 , Yano Toru )
Hiroyuki Kawase as Ken Yano ( 矢野 研 , Yano Ken )
Toshie Kimura as Toshie Yano ( 矢野 敏江 , Yano Toshie )
Keiko Mari as Miki Fujinomiya ( 富士宮 ミキ , Fujinomiya Miki )
Toshio Shiba as Yukio Keuchi ( 毛内 行夫 , Keuchi Yukio )
Yoshio Yoshida as Gohei, a fisherman
Haruo Suzuki as JSDF officer
Yoshio Katsube as JSDF engineer
Tadashi Okabe as a scholar
Yasuzo Okawa as a rioter
Wataru Omae as a police officer
Eisaburo Komatsu
Koji Uruki
Takuya Yuki as a communications officer
Yukihiko Gondo as a helicopter pilot
Haruo Nakazawa
Kentaro Watanabe as a TV news anchor
Tatsu Okabe as a TV news anchor
Haruo Nakajima as Godzilla
Kenpachiro Satsuma as Hedorah
Production [ edit ]
Director Banno initially conceived the idea for Godzilla vs. Hedorah after seeing cities like Yokkaichi covered in black smog and the ocean filled with foam from dumped detergent and formulated the story of an alien tadpole transforming into a monster as a result of the pollution.[3]
The film marked director Banno's directorial debut; however, the budget for Godzilla vs. Hedorah was significantly lower than previous Godzilla films. Banno was only given 35 days to shoot the film and only had one team available to shoot both the drama and monster effects scenes. Veteran Godzilla director Ishirō Honda was later tasked by producer Tomoyuki Tanaka to watch Banno's rough cut and provide advice.[4]
Kenpachiro Satsuma, the actor who played Hedorah, was struck with appendicitis during the production. Doctors were forced to perform the appendectomy while they were still wearing the Hedorah suit, due to the length of time it took to take off. During the operation, Satsuma learned that painkillers had no effect on him.[5]
Director Yoshimitsu Banno was going to make a sequel to this film, but it was scrapped due to the fact that Tomoyuki Tanaka reportedly hated Godzilla vs. Hedorah, so they fired Yoshimitsu Banno.[citation needed] The next film was going to be called Godzilla vs. Redmoon, but this was scrapped and later became Daigoro vs. Goliath[citation needed], then they planned a new film called Godzilla vs. The Space Monsters: Earth Defensive Directive, but this was also scrapped and then became The Return of King Ghidorah, which was also scrapped, after which they ultimately made Godzilla vs. Gigan.[citation needed]
Release [ edit ]
English versions [ edit ]
The film was released in April 1972 by American International Pictures under the title Godzilla vs. the Smog Monster. There were several small alterations: dialogue was dubbed into English by Titan Productions,[6] several shots with Japanese text were replaced with English or textless equivalents, additional sound effects and foley were added to some scenes, and the song "Save the Earth" (based on "Give Back the Sun!", a song in the original Japanese version of the film) was added. This version was rated 'G' by the MPAA, and the same version was given an 'A' certificate by the BBFC for its UK theatrical release in 1975.[7]
The AIP version has been replaced in the North American home video and television markets (including Sony's DVD and Kraken Releasing's DVD and Blu-ray) by Toho's international version, titled Godzilla vs. Hedorah. This version features the original English dub produced in Hong Kong and by extension lacks the English-language song "Save the Earth". This version was first broadcast in the United States by the Sci-Fi Channel on January 20, 1996.[8]
Critical reception [ edit ]
Critical reaction to the film has been mixed, with some embracing its eccentricity and others deriding it.
Japan Hero said the film is "recommended for Godzilla fans, but don't expect much out of it," adding that while "the special effects appear to be pretty good" and "watching it in its original [Japanese] language does make the movie more tolerable," "the character designs ... are bad" and "the music ... really kills the movie."[9] Monster Zero criticized the film's production values and said that it "succeeds in carrying the series over the edge into strictly kid's stuff" and "begins the series' inexorable slide into oblivion."[10] Stomp Tokyo said the film has "many obvious, crippling flaws" but added that "there are some good things," praising the monster action in particular.[11] In a review of Godzilla 1985, Roger Ebert cited it as their favorite of the Godzilla movies.[12]
American Kaiju called the film "a confused Godzilla non-epic that doesn't seem to be sure just who it was made for in the first place."[13] DVD Talk said it "earns points for trying something new, to break away from what was fast becoming a tired formula. The film isn't as entertaining as Godzilla vs. Gigan or Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla, but it is more original and daring, and ... fans will want to pick [it] up."[14] The U.S. dubbed version was featured in the 1978 book The Fifty Worst Films of All Time.[15]
Home media [ edit ]
The film was released on VHS by Orion Pictures in 1989 and on DVD by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment on October 19, 2004. The film received another DVD release and a Blu-ray release by Kraken Releasing on May 6, 2014.[16] A video transfer of Godzilla vs. The Smog Monster was released in Canada on DVD packaged with Godzilla vs. Megalon by Digital Disc.[17]
Legacy [ edit ]
After director Yoshimitsu Banno finished directing Godzilla vs. Hedorah, they began work on creating another installment in the Godzilla series. Like their first Godzilla movie, Banno had wanted the next film to have a strong message against pollution. The initial idea was that a mutant starfish-like monster named Deathla battles Godzilla. However, they scrapped this idea and wrote what was going to be Godzilla vs. Hedorah 2. In it, Godzilla was to fight another Hedorah, this time in Africa. Due to Tomoyuki Tanaka's reaction to Banno's first Godzilla film, this was never realized.
Banno spent several years trying to acquire funding for a 40-minute IMAX 3D Godzilla film starring a new version of Hedorah called Deathla. The project was tentatively titled Godzilla 3D: To The Max. The project was eventually scrapped but several members of the production team, including Banno, would work on the 2014 Godzilla. In November 2013, Banno stated that they still hoped to make a sequel to Godzilla vs. Hedorah, but died in 2017.[18]
Cancelled sequel [ edit ]
Yoshimitsu Banno was so pleased with Godzilla vs. Hedorah that they started writing another Godzilla film. Banno began preparing a script for Godzilla vs. Hedorah 2. However, Tomoyuki Tanaka, who was hospitalized during the production of Godzilla vs. Hedorah, was extremely dissatisfied with the final product and went as far as to tell Banno that they had "ruined Godzilla." Tanaka prevented Banno from directing another Toho film afterwards and demoted them from director to producer on several upcoming films.
According to Banno though, from later interviews conducted with him, Godzilla vs. Hedorah 2 was actually still being worked on after they were removed from the project. Although who the new director would have been is unknown, but Jun Fukuda seems the most likely candidate, considering that they would step up to direct the next three Godzilla films. Whether the film was going to keep its Africa setting at this stage is not known. The project was eventually scrapped and three more proposed projects would be introduced that following year before finally settling on Godzilla vs. Gigan (1972). In 2014, in an interview with Banno,[citation needed] they had stated that they read a Godzilla film history book from the US and that they were surprised to read that the next film would take place in Africa and that Tanaka had said that they had banned them from their director position.
A single remnant of Banno's intentions to produce a sequel exists in the finished film. At the end of the film, an illustration of Hedorah's tadpole form can be seen, followed by a black screen with red text stating "And another one?", implying that the director had already prepared a sequel for approval.
References [ edit ]
Bibliography
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Bay Psalm Book, one of 11 surviving copies of the first book printed in America, sold for $14.2 million on Tuesday evening at Sotheby's in New York, setting a new world auction record for any printed book.
A copy of "The Bay Psalm Book" is pictured at Sotheby's Auction House in New York, November 21, 2013. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Although it had been estimated to fetch up to $30 million, it easily surpassed the previous mark of $11.5 million, paid in December 2010 for John James Audubon's “Birds of America.”
American business person and philanthropist David Rubenstein purchased the book.  They are the co-founder and co-chief executive officer of the U.S. private equity firm Carlyle Group LP.
Sotheby's said Rubenstein plans to loan it to libraries across the United States, before it will be put on long-term loan to one of them.
“We are thrilled that this book, which is so important to our history and culture, is destined to be widely seen by Americans who can appreciate its singular significance,” said David Redden, chairperson of Sotheby's books department.
“We are of course also thrilled to have achieved a new world auction record price for any printed book, which affirms that books remain a vital part of our culture,” they added in a statement.
Printed in 1640 in Cambridge, Massachusetts, the Bay Psalm is one of the rarest books in the world and among the finest surviving copies of original 1,700 that were printed.
It is also the first copy to be sold since 1947 when it set an auction record for a book at $151,000.
Boston's Old South Church sold the Bay Psalm Book from its collection to cover the cost of building repairs and to fund its ministry.
It is one of two owned by the church. Members of the church, a nonprofit organization dating back to 1669 that is a member of the Protestant denomination United Church of Christ, voted to sell the book last December.
“We are delighted,” Nancy Taylor, senior minister and CEO of Old South Church, said after the sale.
Harvard and Yale universities and other institutions own the other existing copies.
Ouch! Hillary Clinton LOST MORE ELECTORS Than Any US Politician in Last 100 Years
Democrats were hoping yesterday's Electoral Vote would end with electors rejecting Republican Donald Trump in droves.
It didn't work out that way.
in fact Hillary Clinton lost more electors than Donald J. Trump.
Trump lost two electors: One to Ron Paul and one to Governor John Kasich.
Hillary Clinton lost Five electors.
The Final Count:
8 Clinton defectors
4 WA (successful)
1 HI (successful)
1 MN (attempted)
1 ME (attempted)
1 CO (attempted)
2 Trump defectors
TX (successful)
In fact Hillary Clinton lost more electors than any politician in the last 100 years.
Not since 1912 has a candidate lost more electors.
Hillary Clinton lost more electors than any US politician in the last 100 years.
Here's the list:
2004 – Anonymous (Democrat, Minnesota)
2000 – Barbara Lett-Simmons (Democrat, District of Columbia)
1988 – Margaret Leach (Democrat, West Virginia)
1976 – Mike Padden (Republican, Washington)
1972 – Roger L. MacBride (Republican, Virginia)
1968 – Dr. Lloyd W. Bailey (Republican, North Carolina)
1960 – Henry D. Irwin (Republican, Oklahoma)
1956 – W.F. Turner (Democrat, Alabama)
1948 – Preston Parks (Democrat, Tennessee)
1912 – Eight Republican Electors
Gameplay Edit
Hitman is a third-person stealth video game in which players take control of Agent 47, a genetically enhanced assassin, travelling to international locations and eliminating contracted targets. As in other games in the Hitman series, players are given a large amount of room for creativity in approaching their assassinations.[12] For instance, players may utilise long-ranged rifles to snipe a target from a long distance, or they may decide to assassinate the target at close range by using blade weapons or garrote wire. Players can use explosives, or disguise the assassination by creating a seemingly accidental death.[13] A common method to approach a mission is to incapacitate other characters and wear their outfits as a disguise, which allows the player to gain access to restricted areas more easily.[14] Actions of non-playable characters influence the game. For instance, players can gain more information about the position of their target through listening to a nearby news reporter.[15] The level design of the game features a structure similar to that of Hitman: Blood Money and earlier games in the series, as opposed to the linear structure of Hitman: Absolution. Every episode in the game features a sandbox-type environment which can be explored by the player, featuring numerous ways to eliminate targets from accidents to scripted "opportunities" which require multiple tasks to complete. Levels are larger in Hitman, in which the maps in the game are "six to seven times larger than the biggest levels in Absolution". Levels accommodate about 300 non-playable characters (NPCs), with each having different routines and reacting differently to players' actions.[16] Players can save their game anytime during missions.[17] Instinct mode, which was introduced in Absolution, returns in a simplified form, no longer being an expendable resource.[17] A player's mission performance review is rated on a 5-star rating system, influenced by factors such as time taken, number of non-targets killed, whether the player was spotted, whether or not they have been recorded on camera or if bodies were found. Completing challenges in a mission will award players with Mastery Points. Gaining enough mastery points will cause the player to earn a level of Mastery Level, with a total of 20 levels when playing on the "Normal" difficulty setting. As the player progresses through the 20 mastery levels, each level will earn players new items including new gadgets such as weapons, different types of poison and explosives, new agency pick-up locations, or new starting locations.[18] The "Professional" difficulty setting has 10 mastery levels. IO Interactive introduced a "live component" to Hitman,[19] with new content being delivered regularly in downloadable form. This includes time-limited missions called "Elusive Targets". If a player fails to assassinate an elusive target before the mission expires, or alert the target and allow them to escape, the target will not return. Successful completion of multiple targets yield cosmetic rewards for the player.[20] "Escalation contracts", which are contracts created by the developers, include multiple stages that require the player to complete certain tasks such as assassinating a target with a specific weapon or disguise or breaking into a safe. Completing a stage will progress through the escalation, and the difficulty will increase with new targets to assassinate, new challenges to comply with or new changes to the level. All additional downloadable content after release will be free of charge.[21] Hitman: Absolution's online Contracts mode also returned in Hitman, allowing players to assign up to five NPCs as assassination targets, set requirements for how to kill them, and share their contract with other players to compete for high scores on.[22] In an interview with PCGamesN, lead online designer Torben Ellert has stated that past Elusive Targets will not be making a return, saying that the quality of the content would not stand up to multiple replays.[23]
Synopsis Edit
Development Edit
Hitman was to be developed by Square Enix developer Square Enix Montréal, a newly established studio.[37] Due to cutbacks and layoffs at IO Interactive, other projects were not followed through, and they shifted their attention to a new Hitman game,[38][39][40] and Square Enix Montréal turned their focus on developing smartphone and tablet versions of Hitman and other games.[41][42][43] On 16 January 2014, an open letter was filed by IO Interactive, sharing some news details on the next game. It stated the intention to make the next version less linear, with more open-ended maps.[44] On 28 June 2015, the first concept art of the game was released.[45] On 18 March 2015, Square Enix trademarked "World of Assassination", which was later revealed to be a promotion slogan for Hitman.[46] On 15 June 2015, a full reveal of the game took place at Sony's E3 2015 press conference.[47] A gameplay trailer of the game was released during Square Enix's press conference on 16 June 2015.[48] Also on 16 June 2015, David Bateson confirmed that they would reprise their role as Agent 47.[49] The Hitman beta, featuring the prologue of the game set in a secret recruitment and training facility, was launched in February 2016, with the PlayStation 4 version released a week earlier than the PC. It was available for a limited period to players who preordered either version of the game from selected retail or digital outlets. A second beta was announced for all PlayStation Plus members that was released on 4 March at no cost.[50] In March 2016, advertising company Omelet announced they had collaborated with Square Enix for a new campaign called Choose Your Hit. People could vote online or through Twitter to "kill" either Gary Cole or Gary Busey, with the "winning" actor who received the most votes lending their voice and likeness to the target in an upcoming mission. It was announced one month later Busey had won and would feature as the target in a mission released sometime in mid 2016.[51] On 18 July 2016, Busey was announced as the seventh elusive target in the game, and their mission would be available for seven days starting on 21 July 2016. Cole appears in the mission as well.[52]
Release Edit
Hitman was originally set to be released on 8 December 2015 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One, but was later delayed to 11 March 2016 so as to allow additional development time for IO Interactive to include more content into the base game.[53] The PlayStation 4 version of the game features six exclusive missions known as The Sarajevo Six. Players who pre-ordered the game gained access to the game's beta, which was released for PlayStation 4 on 12 February 2016 and Microsoft Windows on 19 February 2016.[54][55] No season pass was available at launch, as the company considered the addition of paid-content a "wrong approach".[56] Originally, the game was to be released in an "intro pack" that included all the base content, including Paris, Sapienza and Marrakesh locations, six story missions, three sandboxes, forty "signature kills", a contracts mode with 800 different targets, and regular events held by the developer. New missions and locations set in Thailand, the United States, and Japan were to be released after the game's launch, and a full-priced version was to be released following the release of this post-release content.[1] No downloadable content was to be released for the game and no microtransactions were to be offered, and new missions, locations and targets were to be added to the game regularly as free updates after the game's release.[57][58] This format of release was inspired by modern TV shows, and two more seasons are set to follow after the completion of the first season.[59] According to the game's lead writer, Michael Vogt, Season 1 only serves to introduce the game's characters, whereas the game's story would become increasingly important in later seasons. IO Interactive intentionally avoided adding lots of story content in the first half of Season 1 to ensure that players can relate themselves to Agent 47, a merciless assassin who travels around the world to kill targets assigned to him.[60] On 14 January 2016, it was announced that Hitman would instead be released in an episodic manner; on-launch, the game would consist of the prologue and Paris missions. New content will be released on a monthly basis, including the remaining two cities of the main game (Sapienza and Marrakesh) in April and May 2016 respectively, followed by the previously planned Thailand, U.S. and Japan expansions by the end of the "season" in late 2016, as well as weekly events and additional planned content between the monthly updates. These expansions will be available at no cost to those who purchase a full-priced digital copy of the game, but those who purchase the "Intro Pack" must purchase them. IO Interactive head Hannes Seifert explained that the move was designed to provide the team time to develop the game's levels, and to allow them to "create a living game that will expand and evolve over time and establish a foundation for the future — this is the first game in a storyline which will continue and expand with future Hitman games."[61] After the release of Marrakesh, IO Interactive announced a "Summer Bonus Episode". It was released on 19 July 2016 and features a remake of the Sapienza and Marrakesh levels, which "will also present a range of new in-game Challenges and Opportunities and an entirely new setting for Escalation Contracts and Elusive Targets."[62]
Episodes and post-release content Edit
Hitman is separated into seven episodes, released in consecutive calendar months, starting in March 2016. Content Release date "Paris" 11 March 2016[1] "Sapienza" 26 April 2016[2] "Marrakesh" 31 May 2016[3] "Bonus Episode" 19 July 2016[62]
(only available to Full Experience and Upgrade Pack owners) 31 January 2017[64]
(also includes a third, previously unreleased, mission) "Bangkok" 16 August 2016[4] "Colorado" 27 September 2016[5] "Hokkaido" 31 October 2016[6] "Holiday Hoarders" 13 December 2016[65]
(free content update for Paris) "Patient Zero" 7 November 2017[66]
Re-releases Edit Hitman: Game of the Year Edition was released in November 2017 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. It includes The Complete First Season,[67] alongside the Patient Zero mission set and a cosmetics pack, both exclusive to this edition. Hitman: Definitive Edition was released in May 2018 for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. It includes all the previously released content alongside additional IO Interactive-themed costumes. It was published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.[68][69] Hitman: Legacy Pack has been announced as a DLC for Hitman 2 where the missions from the complete first season of the game would be made available in the new game with improved game mechanics used in Hitman 2.
Reception Edit
Sequel Edit
A sequel to the game, titled Hitman 2, was released on 13 November 2018.[93]
The Ukraine-Russia deal
Charles Wyplosz
As the price to deter a westward move of Ukraine, Russia has made an offer that the Ukrainian president has found impossible to turn down, if they ever contemplated seriously tying their country to the EU. This is generally hailed as a master coup by President Putin and a great relief for President Yanukovych. In fact, this coup is likely to end in tears for both countries.
For many years now, Ukraine has been on a lifeline from the IMF. Severe policy mismanagement has left the country teetering on the brink of default. IMF programmes have been on and off, as commitments were not kept. Most recently, Ukraine has been negotiating a new loan but never closed the deal because it was unwilling to accept the associated policy conditions. The Russian loan means that Ukraine does not have to agree to an IMF programme, at least for the time being.
The first aspect of this deal is that it undermines the IMF. When Japan proposed to set up an Asian Monetary Fund (AMF) during the Asian crisis of 1997, the idea was promptly scuttled because it was perceived as a competition to the IMF. The fear was that the AMF would provide loans at much less demanding conditions than the IMF. Viewed from Washington, this meant too soft conditions. Since then, the IMF has admitted that its (initial) conditions were excessively restrictive, making ex post the case for an AMF stronger. The perception now is that the Fund has learned its lessons. In fact, when the Europeans created their own European Monetary Fund, first with the temporary European Financial Stability Fund, then with the permanent European Stability Mechanism (ESM), the IMF criticised the programmes as being too restrictive.
It is not known what economic conditions Russia has requested but a safe bet is that there is none, only political conditions. Thus Russia has acted as a highly politicised IMF, in effect getting the IMF out of the picture and allowing Ukraine to carry on with its disastrous economic policies. To say the least, it is surprising that one of the Fund's main shareholders, with its own seat on the Executive Board, so callously undermines the institution. Just imagine what would happen if other governments would offer loans without conditions to countries that are deeply mismanaged and refuse to change their ways as requested by the IMF.
The Bretton Woods agreements were designed to create a multilateral world where countries in difficulties benefit from international support and (generally) wise advice. Bilateral deals like the Russia-Ukraine one run against the spirit of Bretton Woods, an arrangement that has mostly worked well for nearly seven decades.
The second aspect is that the economic consequences of the deal will be dire for Ukraine and, in a smaller way, for Russia. Deficit spending, heavy government interventions, graft and more will continue. This will cause further damage to the Ukrainian economy. Sooner or later, Ukraine will need more money. Russia will either have to provide another, possibly bigger loan, or let the shoe drop. If another loan is forthcoming, on account of Ukrainian compliance with the political conditions, yet another one will be needed further down the path, again and again. When Russia gets tired of this process, Ukraine will have no choice but to default on the Russian loans. This will be a blow to the Ukrainian economy and to Russia. There can be no happy end when one country helps another one defy basic economic management principles.
The third aspect concerns a specific aspect of Ukrainian mismanagement and Ukraine-Russia relationships. Ukraine used to buy oil and gas from Russia at close to market prices – through opaque and highly corrupt arrangements – while domestic prices were kept low for the usual political reasons. One of the conditions set by the IMF was that the Ukrainian authorities stop subsidising oil and gas. The new deal now includes Russia's agreement to sell oil and gas to Ukraine at significantly below market prices. This provides great immediate relief to the cash-strapped Ukrainian government, of course. It also creates a deep political dependence on the Ukrainian authorities vis à vis Russia. The costs of the deal are for Russia, whose government will have to compensate its oil and gas exporters. This may be possible at a time when the oil and gas markets are rather depressed. Eventually, however, global demand will rise again, pushing up prices and increasing the costs for Russia. Here again, it is hard to imagine that Russia will be willing to continue indefinitely to heavily discount its oil and gas exports to Ukraine. Eventually it will pull the plug, after having suffered losses. When that happens, Ukraine will be in deep crisis.
India saved about Rs. 28,000 crore (~$4 billion) in coal imports during financial year 2015-2016 as a result of record output by state-owned enterprise Coal India Limited (CIL). In terms of quantity, coal import declined by about 27 percent, a senior Indian government official working at the coal ministry said Wednesday.
"Record coal production by CIL leads to a reduction in import by 34.26 million tonnes (MT). Results in a saving of Rs 28,070 crore in foreign exchange during 2015-16," tweeted Coal Secretary Anil Swarup.
"Coal imports came down by 27.4 percent from 27.4 MT during 2014-15 to 15.54 MT in 2015-16," they further tweeted.
In a regulatory filing to the stock exchanges last Friday, CIL said that its annual output rose 8.6 percent to 536.5 million tonnes during financial year 2015-2016, but fell short of the targeted 550 million tonnes.
The company meets about 81 percent of India's coal requirement from its 430 mines, of which 227 are underground, 175 open-cast and 28 mixed ones. It has eight subsidiaries.
The Indian government has planned to double the coal output to one billion tonnes by 2019-2020.
India's coal reserves were estimated at about 301.56 billion tonnes by the Geological Survey of India in April 2014.
The reserves were predominantly in Jharkhand, Odisha, Chhattisgarh, West Bengal, Madhya Pradesh, Telangana and Maharashtra, CIL declared in its annual report for the year 2014-2015.
Coal-based electricity generation accounted for almost 85 percent of the total electricity produced in India during the April to February period in financial year 2015-2016, according a report by the Central Electricity Authority.
Stocks of Coal India closed at Rs 275.75 on the BSE Wednesday, down 0.13 percent from its previous close.
Record coal production by CIL leads to reduction in import by 34.26 MT. Results in a saving of Rs 28070 Cr in foreign exchange during 15-16 â€” Anil Swarup (@swarup58) April 6, 2016
I did a post a couple of days ago about seeing the Cirque du Soleil show “Zumanity” and noticing that, in a show of people who are nearly naked, the only two fat women in the show were also the only performers wearing full body stockings (long pants, long sleeved) all the time. I got a lot of interesting reactions to the piece that I wanted to talk about.
A very common response was asking if perhaps the women (who are known as The Botero Sisters) might prefer to be covered by a full body stocking, and isn't that their right?
As women of course it's their right, but I don't think it makes this any less important to discuss. If this is the case, then I have a couple of questions. First, would such a request would have been honored if it were made by one of the thin performers, or would they have been told that they were signing up for a show where being scantily clad was part of the job? Also, while it's their right to make the choice, I think it's worth examining if choices like that are driven by a society that says that a thin naked body is sexy and a fat naked body must be covered or contained to be seen.
Some people wondered if the costuming was made to help them with their performance but other people who did the exact same thing that they did wear far less clothing so I don't feel that's it. (In fact, now that I know their background and how talented they are, I feel that they are vastly under-utilized in the show.)
Another response suggested that perhaps Cirque did a study and found that people found them more sexy with the body stockings. If that is the case, then I would have to ask again if that is driven by the rampant fat hatred in society and if “giving the people what they want” is worth reinforcing and contributing to the stigma and shame that are heaped on fat people by society – especially in a show like this that is supposed to be about breaking boundaries. As I said in my original piece, I applaud the step forward of having these women in the show, and I think it's worth talking about what the next step is.
I think I wasn't clear enough in my first piece so let me be clear now that I'm not suggesting that we judge these women – or other fat performers – for the choices they make when it comes to costuming. As a fat dancer who has both competed and is in a fat cabaret company, I can absolutely understand how hard it is to make costume choices and the criticism that can be leveled by anyone and everyone about anything and everything. I am not suggesting that we should run around criticizing fat performers for their costume choices.
What I am suggesting is that we critically examine the culture that leads to those choices. What I am suggesting is that we recognize when something might be driven by that culture – when fat people have a different experience than thin people because of the way fat people are viewed and treated in the culture. What I am suggesting is that, like fat people in all manner of clothes and lack thereof, those things are worth looking at.
Like the blog? Here's more of my stuff!
The Book: Fat: The Owner's Manual The E-Book is Name Your Own Price! Click here for details
Become a member: For just ten bucks a month you can keep this blog ad-free, support the activism work I do, and get deals from cool businesses Click here for details
Interviews with Amazing Activists!! Help Activists tell our movement's history in their own words. Support In Our Own Words: A Fat Activist History Project!
Dance Classes: Buy the Dance Class DVDs or download individual classes – Every Body Dance Now! Click here for details
If my selling things on the blog makes you uncomfortable, you might want to check out this post. Thanks for reading! ~Ragen
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The fatberg was filmed by Thames Water engineers who are trying to remove the blockage
A 250-metre long fatberg weighing 130 tonnes has been found blocking a sewer.
The solid mass of congealed fat, wet wipes, nappies, oil and condoms formed in the Victorian-era tunnel in Whitechapel, London.
Thames Water described it as one of the largest it had seen and said it would take three weeks to remove.
The company's head of waste networks Matt Rimmer said: "It's a total monster and taking a lot of manpower and machinery to remove as it's set hard."
The company says fatbergs form when people put things they shouldn't down sinks and toilets.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption What causes fatbergs?
"It's basically like trying to break up concrete," Mr Rimmer said.
"It's frustrating as these situations are totally avoidable and caused by fat, oil and grease being washed down sinks and wipes flushed down the loo.
"The sewers are not an abyss for household rubbish and our message to everyone is clear - please bin it - don't block it."
The fatberg is about as heavy as 11 double decker buses.
Work at Whitechapel Road to remove the immense fatberg started this week.
Eight workers will break up the mass with high-pressure hoses, suck up the pieces into tankers and take it to a recycling site in Stratford.
In 2013, Thames Water found a bus-size fatberg in a sewer in Kingston-upon-Thames.
A spokesperson for Tower Hamlets Council said: "We know this is a major issue across London.
"We have set up a waste oil collection point with Truman Brewery in Brick Lane, and strongly encourage businesses to set up collection contracts for their waste oil with companies for recycling."
The White House wants a law spelling out how personal data can be used. | AP Photos Obama unveils online privacy plan
The Obama administration is taking a two-pronged approach to online privacy, calling on Congress to pass a "consumer privacy bill of rights," while putting the onus on companies like Google and Facebook, as well as privacy watchdogs and online advertisers, to forge new data handling rules for the digital age.
The highly anticipated report released Thursday reflects the White House's support for a new law that would spell out how consumers' personal information can be collected, stored, used and shared by the Web's myriad of entities — some of which have found themselves in Washington's crosshairs recently for mishandling their users' data.
Story Continued Below
But the administration puts at least as much emphasis on its proposal for Internet companies to lead the way on codes of conduct that would draw greatly from the rights and protections the White House wants to codify — rules that, even if lawmakers don't act, could still be enforced by federal regulators.
“American consumers can't wait any longer for clear rules of the road that ensure their personal information is safe online,” President Barack Obama said in a statement announcing the release of the report. “As the Internet evolves, consumer trust is essential for the continued growth of the digital economy."
"That's why an online privacy bill of rights is so important," Obama said. "For businesses to succeed online, consumers must feel secure. By following this blueprint, companies, consumer advocates and policymakers can help protect consumers and ensure the Internet remains a platform for innovation and economic growth.”
The official release of the administration's new privacy framework, at an event with government officials and industry leaders on Thursday, will cap more than a year of work by multiple federal agencies to try to devise new online privacy rules that balance the concerns of privacy watchdogs with the commercial needs of the tech and advertising communities.
As part of the rollout, the administration is touting a new voluntary commitment by the Digital Advertising Alliance, a collection of the Internet's largest advertisers.
The DAA is the pilot of the Advertising Option Icon, which alerts Web users of ads that are tied to their interests or the websites they visit. The coalition's members offer a feature that helps users opt out of seeing those ads. On Thursday, the DAA is announcing, in conjunction with the administration report, that it will work with Internet browser companies, and permit the use of browser-based “Do Not Track” tools that allow consumers to control Web tracking and advertisements based on their browsing habits.
“The administration, Congress and the FTC have been pushing the business community for several years to make sure consumers are aware of the information practices occurring online and providing choice to consumers regarding the collection and use of information about them,” Stu Ingis, DAA's general counsel, said in a statement. “The DAA is an embodiment of leading companies responding to this call.”
However, Ingis told reporters it could be months before the tools are available to users.
Warren Sapp MASSIVE Nike Collection Sold at Bankruptcy Auction
Warren Sapp -- MASSIVE Nike Collection SOLD at Bankruptcy Auction
EXCLUSIVE
Someone else is finally gonna know what it's like to walk a mile in's shoes ... 'cause some sneakerhead just bought 213 pairs of Warren's Nikes in a bankruptcy auction, TMZ has learned.We broke the story ... Warren's shoes were seized by a court-appointed bankruptcy trustee when the NFL Hall of Famer filed for Chapter 7 back in 2012 after claiming they were millions of dollars in debt.Now, as part of the deal Warren struck with their creditors, some of their items were sold at a bankruptcy auction ... including 213 pairs of Nikes, which sold to a guy from Connecticut for a whopping $6,390.For the record, that breaks down to $30 a pair ... not bad for some pretty sick kicks (some appeared to have never been worn).Now here's the rub -- Warren initially reported that they ownedof Nikes ... so, there are 27 pairs of shoes that weren't included in the sale ... and it's possible, the remainders could be so valuable, they'll be auctioned off in a separate sale.Then again, Warren was also given the opportunity to buy back some of their assets ... so it's possible they managed to hang on to their faves.We called Warren to find out what happened -- but so far, no word back.
We only just got confirmation that the HD remasters of Final Fantasy X and Final Fantasy X-2 are coming to North America, and already the first official trailer has surfaced. So what if it's partly in German?
As far as we know, this trailer was supposed to come out tomorrow. We've reached out to Square Enix to see if their plans have changed now that the German version is apparently out, but we haven't heard back yet.
In the meantime, enjoy the footage from the remastered Final Fantasy X, displayed at the highest quality that Youtube can manage. In addition to giving us a peek, the trailer confirms once again that X and X-2 will be sold separately on Vita, rather than bundled together like on PS3. Our next question, naturally, is whether Sony's much-appreciated Cross-Buy principle will apply in any way, but it may be a while before we get an answer to that one.
Final Fantasy X | X-2 HD Debut Trailer
[Reddit]
Linux, Netlink, and Go — Part 3: packages netlink, genetlink, and wifi
Matt Layher Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 13, 2017
In Part 1 and Part 2 of this series, I described some of the fundamental concepts of netlink and generic netlink. It is assumed that readers are already familiar with netlink and generic netlink from the previous posts in this series.
In this post, I will dive into high level concepts and usage of my Go packages:
netlink : provides low-level access to Linux netlink sockets.
: provides low-level access to Linux netlink sockets. genetlink : generic netlink interactions and data types.
: generic netlink interactions and data types. wifi: provides access to IEEE 802.11 WiFi device actions and statistics.
The series is split into parts as follows:
Part 1: netlink : an introduction to netlink.
: an introduction to netlink. Part 2: generic netlink : an introduction to generic netlink, a netlink family meant to simplify creation of new families.
: an introduction to generic netlink, a netlink family meant to simplify creation of new families. Part 3 (this post): packages netlink, genetlink, and wifi: using Go to drive interactions with netlink, generic netlink, and nl80211.
Package netlink
When I first decided to look into retrieving WiFi device information on Linux, I was pointed to netlink by a colleague as a possible solution. I was familiar with several existing netlink packages for Go, but I was unable to find one that I felt suited my needs.
Several of the existing, popular packages made decisions I wasn't happy with:
lack of documentation
lack of tests
bloated API
a “C-like” Go API
In addition, many of these packages conflated the concepts of “netlink”, “route netlink”, and the iproute2 family of utilities. For these reasons, I decided to start building my own package.
It is important to note that package netlink is meant to be used as a building block for other netlink family packages. Typically, you will use a higher level package like genetlink instead. To enable maximum code re-use, create dedicated packages for any high level netlink families, instead of building them on top of package netlink in your application.
This section will discuss some common use-cases of package netlink, but you may wish to reference the source code and documentation for further information.
netlink.Conn: a connection to netlink
The netlink.Conn type is used to create connections to netlink. A netlink family is specified in the call to netlink.Dial along with additional configuration, if needed.
It is important to note that when a netlink.Conn is no longer needed, netlink.Conn.Close must be called to close the socket and avoid leaking file descriptors.
Once a connection is established, it can be used to send a request, receive a response, and validate the response against the request. Many of the request header fields can be omitted to allow package netlink to calculate and assign those values automatically.
Error checking omitted for brevity. Please check all errors in your code.
// Dial generic netlink.
const genetlink = 16
conn, _ := netlink.Dial(genetlink, nil)
defer conn.Close()
// Ask netlink to echo back an acknowledgement to our request.
flags := netlink.HeaderFlagsRequest | netlink.HeaderFlagsAcknowledge
m := netlink.Message{
Header: netlink.Header{
Flags: flags,
// Other fields assigned automatically by package netlink.
},
}
// Perform a Sand, receive, and validate cycle.
req, _ := conn.Send(m)
replies, _:= conn.Receive()
err := netlink.Validate(req, replies)
For convenience, the Conn.Execute method can be used as a shortcut for Conn.Send , Conn.Receive , and Validate .
msgs, _ := conn.Execute(m)
To listen to multicast groups, use the Conn.JoinGroup and Conn.LeaveGroup methods. Messages can be received using Conn.Receive as usual.
// Listen to rtnetlink for modification of network interfaces
const rtnetlink = 0
const rtmGroupLink = 0x1
conn, _ := netlink.Dial(rtnetlink, nil)
defer conn.Close()
// Join multicast group: Receive will block until messages arrive.
_ = conn.JoinGroup(rtmGroupLink)
msgs, _ := conn.Receive()
_ = conn.LeaveGroup(rtmGroupLink)
Finally, when dealing with a high throughput netlink application, one may wish to make use of BPF filters to explicitly accept or reject packets based on their contents.
BPF filters can be attached by calling Conn.SetBPF with a filter assembled using x/net/bpf . See the BPF integration tests for an example of using BPF filters with netlink.
Package genetlink
Package genetlink is the reference example of a netlink family package built using package netlink . It exposes a very similar API, but handles some common generic netlink operations on behalf of its user.
This package enables sending and receiving netlink messages but also offers a Conn.Family helper using the “service” pattern popularized by go-github.
If you'd like to dive in, you my reference the source code or documentation as you read this section.
genetlink.Conn: a connection to generic netlink
A genetlink.Conn is essentially a specialized wrapper around the netlink.Conn type for interacting with generic. It transparently adds and removes netlink.Message types where needed, and enables the caller to only use genetlink.Message in most cases.
As with a netlink.Conn , when a genetlink.Conn is no longer needed, genetlink.Conn.Close must be called to close the socket and avoid leaking file descriptors.
The methods Conn.Send , Conn.Receive , and Conn.Execute in package genetlink are used to work with generic netlink messages. In fact, when using Conn.Execute , there is no need to deal with any netlink.Message types at all.
conn, _ := genetlink.Dial(nil)
defer conn.Close()
const (
ctrlVersion = 1
ctrlCommandGetFamily = 3
)
// Ask nlctrl to list all known families.
req := genetlink.Message{
Header: genetlink.Header{
Command: ctrlCommandGetFamily,
Version: ctrlVersion,
},
}
flags := netlink.HeaderFlagsRequest | netlink.HeaderFlagsDump
msgs, _ := conn.Execute(req, genetlink.Controller, flags)
Finally, the methods Conn.JoinGroup , Conn.LeaveGroup , and Conn.SetBPF are all available with genetlink.Conn . They perform the same actions as they do with a netlink.Conn .
genetlink.Family: generic netlink families
Because querying family information from the generic netlink controller is so common, genetlink.Conn provides specialized methods and types for doing so.
The genetlink.Family type provides information about a given generic netlink family, including its ID, version, name, and multicast groups.
The Conn.Family helper is used to provide access to these methods:
conn, _ := genetlink.Dial(nil)
defer conn.Close()
// Ask if nl80211 is available on this system. If it is not,
// an error compatible with os.IsNotExist is returned.
if _, err := conn.Family.Get("nl80211"); os.IsNotExist(err) {
fmt.Println("nl80211 not available")
return
}
Two methods are available:
Conn.Family.Get : look up a single family by its name.
: look up a single family by its name. Conn.Family.List : look up all families on the system.
As discussed in Part 2 of this series, communicating with a generic netlink family involves specifying its family ID and version in a request:
conn, _ := genetlink.Dial(nil)
defer conn.Close()
f, _ := conn.Family.Get("nl80211")
// Ask nl80211 for a list of all WiFi interfaces.
req := genetlink.Message{
Header: genetlink.Header{
Command: nl80211.CmdGetInterface,
// Specify the version of nl80211 we are speaking.
Version: uint8(f.Version)
},
}
// Specify the ID of nl80211 in call to Execute.
flags := netlink.HeaderFlagsRequest | netlink.HeaderFlagsDump
msgs, _ := conn.Execute(req, f.ID, flags)
Package wifi
Package wifi provides access to IEEE 802.11 WiFi device actions and statistics. At this time, it only works with Linux, though I'd love to incorporate support for more operating systems in the future.
You may wish to reference the source code or documentation for this package as you read this section.
On Linux, package wifi works using nl80211: a generic netlink family that provides C kernel header definitions for all of its commands and netlink attributes. To easily create a Go package from these constants, I made use of the excellent cgogen tool by Maxim Kupriianov. Maxim was even kind enough to provide the initial generated code for working with nl80211 from Go.
wifi.Client: accessing WiFi devices from Go
Because of the foundation provided by packages netlink and genetlink , usage of package wifi on Linux is rather straightforward. Keep in mind that Client.Close must be called once it is no longer needed, to clean up the underlying netlink socket.
This example retrieves a list of all WiFi-enabled network interfaces, and fetches the SSID associated with each device:
client, _ := wifi.New()
defer client.Close()
ifis, _ := client.Interfaces()
for _, ifi := range ifis {
// For more information about what a "BSS" is, see:
// https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Service_set_(802.11_network).
bss, _ := client.BSS(ifi)
fmt.Printf("%s: %q
", ifi.Name, bss.SSID)
}
That's really all there is to it! Netlink, generic netlink, and nl80211 do the heavy lifting of requesting and retrieving data from the kernel, decoding it, and packaging it up nicely for the user.
Summary
That wraps up my series on Linux, Netlink, and Go! I hope you've enjoyed the series, and found it informative. If you'd like to get started working with netlink, I'd encourage you to check out the source code of following projects:
github.com/mdlayher/wifi: uses netlink and generic netlink to speak to nl80211 on Linux. client_linux.go in particular should be quite helpful if you'd like to work with other generic netlink families in Go.
in particular should be quite helpful if you'd like to work with other generic netlink families in Go. github.com/jsimonetti/rtnetlink: uses netlink and route netlink on Linux to manipulate network interfaces.
If you'd like to begin work on a new netlink family package, I'd love to hear from you! I am told that someone is working on a netfilter netlink package at the moment, but there is no source code available yet.
I happily welcome contributions to all of the packages discussed in this series. Please file an issue if you'd like to contribute!
What's next?
For the netlink family of packages, I'd like to build out a nice testing package akin to net/http/httptest , to avoid the need to “mock” netlink connections using an interface. This would greatly simplify testing netlink family packages, and provide similar benefits for consumer packages such as wifi .
In addition to my netlink work, I'm currently working on a few different projects that I'd like to write about in the future:
https://github.com/mdlayher/vsock: provides access to Linux VM sockets (AF_VSOCK) for communication between a hypervisor and its virtual machines.
https://github.com/mdlayher/alg: provides access to Linux AF_ALG sockets for communication with the Linux kernel crypto API.
https://github.com/mdlayher/raw: enables reading and writing data at the device driver level for a network interface.
Feel free to reach out via the comments, Twitter, or Gophers Slack (username: mdlayher), if you have any comments or questions.
Thank you very much for your time. It's been a pleasure authoring this series, and I've received some great feedback from a wide variety of readers. I'll keep writing if you keep reading! Until next time!
Not so long ago, cross-browser testing meant firing up different versions of Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari, Firefox and (possibly) Opera on multiple operating systems. Add in the ever-growing multitude of mobile devices now available, and it can be a real challenge developing your site to deliver a consistent experience to all.
On the Envato Marketplaces we get over 16 million monthly visits, 6% of which are from mobile devices. We're currently working on making the sites responsive, so having the right tools and cross-browser testing on a range of mobile devices is incredibly important. I'm going to take you through some of the options I've explored while setting up the cross-browser testing suite we use for the marketplaces, and some of the workflows and techniques that make us more efficient.
Goals and Challenges
When testing mobile and responsive sites on mobile devices there are basic factors to test for. Ask yourself:
Does the site look ok? Are there any bugs? Does the user interaction feel good? Is the site optimised for mobile?
The ultimate goal is to deliver a consistent experience to users on a variety of devices and browsers. We're using traffic data and survey results to help narrow down the devices on which we focus our mobile browser support, so that the changes we make assist the bulk of our users. Reviewing your own mobile traffic data and researching device stats usage is a great place to start deciding which devices and browsers to support.
When developing the marketplaces we run multiple local development servers which makes normal cross-browser testing complicated. Until recently we used a combination of Pow and xip.io on our development machines to serve the marketplaces to our testing devices and VMs.
Since beginning our journey to responsive enlightenment, this testing process has become even slower and more complicated. Due to the nature of the marketplaces, we want to focus on testing the same actions across a range of mobile devices and browsers. This means being signed in simultaneously on each device and simulating different scenarios.
Luckily there are some quality tools and techniques available to help alleviate the pain of developing and testing responsive websites, whether you own any testing devices or not.
Synchronized Testing
Synchronised testing is an efficient way to automatically perform the same action across a variety of browsers and devices simultaneously. Products like Ghostlab and Adobe Edge Inspect CC solve this problem and help speed up testing with the added bonus of being able to remotely inspect and debug each connected browser.
Ghostlab
Earlier this year I came across Ghostlab and was immediately attracted to the product by their promise that it “synchronizes scrolls, clicks, reloads and form input across all connected clients.”
Available for Mac, Ghostlab allows you to connect any device (computer, tablet, smartphone, etc.) as long as you are on the same network. If a device has JavaScript enabled then Ghostlab can run on it.
Ghostlab includes the Weinre remote web inspector that lets you inspect the DOM and debug JavaScript on any connected device. To remotely inspect a device it's as simple and double-clicking the device listed in the sidebar and then clicking ‘debug'.
I haven't had a device yet that Ghostlab couldn't remotely inspect, however, I did try to use it to inspect desktop versions of Internet Explorer with no luck.
Ghostlab has lived up to its promise and is now an invaluable tool in our cross-browser testing toolkit. Not only do we use it for testing on mobile devices, but we also use it for our regular desktop cross-browser testing as well.
Adobe Edge Inspect CC
A few years ago Adobe released a product called Adobe Shadow which was revolutionary as it was the first that easily allowed you to synchronise and remotely inspect your testing across multiple devices. Since then it has since been rebranded as Adobe Edge Inspect CC and requires a paid subscription to Adobe Creative Cloud for all the features.
“Wirelessly pair multiple iOS and Android devices to your computer. With Edge Inspect, you browse in Chrome, and all connected devices will stay in sync.”
It is still pretty awesome, however, the downside is that it is limited to Chrome on iOS and Android. It also requires installing software, a browser plugin and apps on each device.
Other mentions
Web-based Cross-browser Testing
Web-based services such as BrowserStack and Crossbrowsertesting.com offer the ability to test your site across a massive collection of mobile OS and browser combinations.
BrowserStack
We have a subscription to BrowserStack and find it really handy for when we want to test devices we don't have physical access to. Although it's great to have access to almost every conceivable OS and browser combination, I find it can be very sluggish and hard to test interactions. I usually resort to using it for bug fixing rather than regular website testing.
BrowserStack relies on mobile device emulators and is served with Flash, so it can't be relied on 100% for a native experience. However, the benefit of nearly no installation makes it another great tool in our cross-browser testing toolkit.
BrowserStack Automate is a separate service which allows you to automatically run your Selenium test scripts across multiple browsers in parallel.
“Automate removes the need for manual testing of common workflows such as registrations and logins, search queries, web-based admin tasks etc”
Crossbrowsertesting.com
Crossbrowsertesting.com is another fantastic cross-browser testing tool and with over 1,000 combinations of browsers, OS, and plugins it markets itself as having “More features than any competitor.”
Other mentions
There are a few similar services that offer desktop browsers testing such as Browserling, however, currently they don't offer mobile browser testing.
All modern browsers have really good built-in developer tools and in the last couple of years a few have added mobile specific features.
Chrome
The Google Chrome DevTools are my go-to inspector tools for developing the marketplaces. An awesome addition has been the ‘override' settings, which allow Chrome to emulate a mobile device.
In DevTools > Settings > Overrides you can currently override the following settings:
User Agent
Device Metrics
Override Geolocation
Device Orientation
Emulate touch events
Emulate CSS media (i.e. handheld, tv etc)
Protip:
The ‘User Agent' override is really handy if you want to inspect a website that uses device detection to serve up the mobile site. However, since it's just mimicking a different browser it will not replicate the associated bugs and inconsistencies.
Firefox
Firefox has a ‘Responsive Design Mode' which allows you to change the size of the content area without having to change the window size.
On the Tools menu, choose Web Developer , and then Responsive Design View .
menu, choose , and then . On the keyboard, press ctrl-shift-M on Windows or Linux, or cmd-option-M on Macintosh.
This is great as it doesn't squash the window and the developer tools whilst testing out different viewport sizes and orientations.
Remote Debugging
As web-developers we have taken for granted the ability to right-click and ‘inspect element' since Firebug hit the scene in 2006. Developing on mobile devices brings its obvious challenges and debugging would be at the top of the list. Fortunately there are a handful of solutions which solve this problem for us, some easier than others.
Using Ghostlab is definitely the easiest way to remotely inspect and debug almost any device and browser. Although it's possible to use the Weinre remote web inspector on it's own, it's probably not worth the headache.
Other mentions
Viewport Resizers
If you want to test or show-off how your website looks and responds at different viewport sizes, there is no shortage of online tools to help.
Bookmarklets
Interactive resizers
Side-by-side comparison
Protip:
Almost all work with localhost addresses, but if you're developing a static site then you'll need to run a server. If you have a copy of Ghostlab then this should be no problem, however another simple way is to start up a basic server. For Mac users open Terminal and to cd into the directory that your files are located in and then run:
python -m SimpleHTTPServer
You should now be able to access your static site at http://localhost:8000/
Screenshots
If you need to rapidly test how your site renders on different devices and browsers then screenshots are a great way to automate testing.
BrowserStack
In addition to its Live Testing and Automate products, BrowserStack offers another product called BrowserStack Screenshots. Screenshots' pricing is independent of Live Testing but does include BrowserStack Responsive, which is another useful responsive screenshot tool.
Crossbrowsertesting.com
Crossbrowsertesting.com offers automated screenshots across all browsers, operating systems and devices as part of a regular subscription. It seems to offer a few more features than BrowserStack Screenshots and some examples can be seen here.
PhantomJS
PhantomJS is a* “headless WebKit with JavaScript API”,* which means that it can run web pages and capture screenshots without actually loading a browser. This is great for testing that your website renders correctly in WebKit, but it's not ideal for detecting device and browser specific issues.
Here are a couple of good write ups on using PhantomJS to automate responsive screenshot capturing:
Simulators & Emulators
If you can't get your hands on physical devices to test on, then a great option is to test your site on a simulator/emulator. This is what BrowserStack uses and if you are after speed and responsiveness I would use these first.
Mobile Emulators & Simulators: The Ultimate Guide
Maximiliano Firtman has put together a fantastic write-up of all mobile emulators and simulators and is definitely worth bookmarking. http://www.mobilexweb.com/emulators
Other mentions
Keynote MITE “MITE is a desktop tool that lets you interactively test and verify mobile content by emulating over 2,200 devices and 12,000 device profiles”
If you have a spare $5,000 per licence then Keynote MITE Pro looks like a promising tool, however it only runs on Windows.
Open Device Labs
Open Device Labs (ODLs) are a non-profit community driven collection of devices that are open to developers to visit so that they can physically test their work on a broader range of devices.
According to opendevicelab.com there are 66 ODLs across 22 countries with 1,052 devices accessible at the time of writing.
For more information about visiting, sponsoring or contributing to a ODL, check out opendevicelab.com and lab-up.org.
Related articles
Open Device Labs: Why Should We Care? (Smashing Magazine)
Envato's Testing Suite
After lots of experimenting my current cross-browser testing setup looks a bit like this:
Machine: 27inch iMac (OS X Mountain Lion)
27inch iMac (OS X Mountain Lion) Dev browser: Google Chrome and the DevTools
Google Chrome and the DevTools Testing browsers: Mac: Latest Chrome, Safari, Firefox & occasionally Opera Windows: Same as Mac but also Internet Explorer 7-10 (VMs thanks to www.modern.ie)
Devices: iPhone 4 (iOS 5.1) iPhone 5 (iOS 6.1) iPad 3rd gen (iOS 6.1) Nokia Lumia 800 (Windows Phone 7.8) Nokia Lumia 920 (Windows Phone 8.0) Samsung Galaxy S4 (Android 4.2) MacBook Pro Retina We are continually growing our collection
Synchronised testing: Ghostlab
Ghostlab Remote debugging: Ghostlab
Ghostlab Edge case browsers: BrowserStack
BrowserStack Screenshots: BrowserStack
BrowserStack Viewport resizing: Viewport Resizer
Conclusion
There is no right or wrong way to test a mobile or responsive site. Having good tools is definitely an advantage but there are plenty of free resources available to achieve the same goal.
If you're unable to get your hands on testing devices then using a device simulator/emulator is great for speed. Otherwise a web-based tool like BrowserStack or Crossbrowsertesting.com is fine.
Whether you're testing on physical devices, emulator/simulators, or VMs, I highly recommend using Ghostlab to ease the pain of synchronised testing and remote inspection and debugging.
If your goal is to simply review your site at different viewport dimensions rather than as rendered by specific browsers; I recommend using a tool like Viewport Resizer.
For taking browser specific screenshots, BrowserStack Screenshots or Crossbrowsertesting.com are both good options. If you're trying to take screenshots at a range of viewport dimensions, then a solution that uses PhantomJS is ideal.
Envato & the Responsive Design Community
One of Envato's key values is to help people learn by sharing our knowledge and engaging with a wide community of designers and coders. I co-founded Be Responsive Melbourne and am I hosting the third meetup here in the cool new offices at Envato — come along if you're local!
The BCCI is unlikely to comply with the Supreme Court demand that it submit, on Friday, an undertaking saying it will "unconditionally" implement all the court-approved recommendations of the Lodha Committee. In the absence of such an agreement from the BCCI, the Supreme Court had indicated it would pass an order on Friday to replace the board's office bearers with a panel of administrators.
A top BCCI office bearer told ESPNcricinfo there was no way the board could submit such an undertaking at short notice and without the approval of its member associations. "Who am I to submit the undertaking?" they said. "The question arises only if the states agree to these recommendations. How can BCCI office bearers decide what members will implement?
"I can only bring members to the meeting room; I can't force them to adopt recommendations. They said they couldn't adopt the recommendations in entirety. What can the office bearers do in this situation? I don't even have a vote."
When asked about the BCCI's next course of action, they said: "We will wait for tomorrow's order. What else can we do? How can this be done in such short notice? Till the time I have nothing in writing, how can I ask the states?Let the order come, we will make an official statement."
Several state association officials ESPNcricinfo had spoken to recently confirmed they were waiting for the BCCI's decision on the recommendations before making amendments to their constitutions, as mandated by the first set of timelines laid down by the Lodha Committee. However, after the special general meeting on September 30, many of these state associations closed ranks ostensibly on the advice of BCCI. Only Vidarbha and Tripura decided to implement the recommendations approved by the court.
The official said the Supreme Court should have passed an order if the recommendations were to be non-negotiable. "What do they mean by a timeline [for implementation of reforms]? Why didn't Supreme Court pass an order under Article 142 [of the constitution] if they wanted to make it compulsory? Why are they saying that members should opt for the recommendations? These recommendations are forced upon us. They don't understand the genuine compulsions that prevent us from implementing the reforms."
Desh Gaurav Sekhri, a sports law expert, said Article 142 gave the Supreme Court authority to pass a decree or make an order as necessary towards doing complete justice in a matter. "What is relevant to the current situation is that it gives the Supreme Court the power to punish contempt of court, and it has been used for that purpose in the past," they told ESPNcricinfo. "The nature of this stand-off being unprecedented, the exact law and/or regulations that the Supreme Court invokes were it to pass an order on October 7 are not clear as of now. Invoking Article 142 would be an extremely serious step by the court, and would take this matter into a space from which conciliation or compromise may no longer be an option for either party."
Another BCCI office bearer admitted the board could have been less confrontational in its approach, referring to the tardiness in responding to the Lodha Committee's correspondences. "This could have, and should have, definitely been handled better."
The latest developments in the tussle between the BCCI and the Lodha Committee took place in the Supreme Court on Thursday. The court was hearing the BCCI's response to the status report filed by the Lodha Committee last week, which recommended that the BCCI office bearers be superseded because they were impeding the implementation of the recommendations passed by a Supreme Court order on July 18.
Bill Nye, the nerdy supernova that fostered my childhood love of science, has recently gone viral in a video highly critical of the teaching of creationism to children. The video (seen below) has now been critiqued in a recent article on this site by a professional business communicator for its wording and presentation. The critique worries that Nye has done more harm than good: either they were preaching to the choir, or alienating the opposition. But Bill Nye is not a business person.
Reading the critique and watching the video, I would have to agree that Nye uses some divisive language. For example, using the term “crazy” in regard to the creationist worldview is certainly polarizing. The problem with loaded terminology is that terms can naturally imply their opposites, as the critique points out. If the creationist view is “crazy,” then other positions are interpreted as sane, which would definitely cause a schism.
But here is where I think the research on communication disagrees with the critique. It cites “push” versus “pull” messaging (with Nye using “push” messaging) as a problem with Nye's video (though see the comments there for alternative definition of those terms). The idea is that instead of “pushing” people towards the extremes, we should “pull” them into the conversation. Sounds reasonable, but the examples of “pull” offered has issues all their own:
They could say, “Scientific recent research shows us that we have evolved. I encourage you to explore this concept deeper. When you're talking with your kids, I encourage you to allow them to discuss the issue with you and have a healthy dialogue.”
The business-like language here seems robotic and insincere, especially considering the candid nature of the video. Further suggestions have the same awkward feel:
I want to encourage you to explore the concept that there is some truth to the idea of evolution. I don't necessarily want to convince you today that you have to stop believing in creationism, rather to invite you today to be open the idea that evolution does exist. I don't want to change you today; I want to challenge you to explore this concept a little deeper.
The critique uses this patronizing language because, “you can't change someone's opinion by trying to force—push—them to change.” But sacrificing a more strongly worded message for an egg shell-traversing speech is operating under the misconception that people can never be “pushed” to change their minds.
In the communication literature, theories of human information processing consider the motivations that people have when encountering information1. One of these motivations, a defensive motivation, is a driver of information processing when a person's beliefs or worldviews are challenged. This motivation is a desire to make judgments that are in accordance with one's material interests or identity-entangled beliefs2. For example, if a creationist sees the video, they or they could be highly motivated to defend their or their beliefs by gathering information to support the creationist position. However, and this is where I think the business-like advice in the critique falters, a defensive motivation often entails looking systematically through both supporting and disconfirming information in order to make a judgment. If the motivation is strong, according to the models, a person is more likely to think deeply about a topic and to evaluate the evidence on both sides with more cognitive effort. Being challenged by a beloved science educator could then be a great galvanizing force to get those of the creationist persuasion to think deeply about their positions. This is all we can ask for, and still achieves an important goal.
However, it should be noted that when processing information, a defensive motivation is a double-edged sword. Yes, it can encourage a deep exploration of both sides of an issue, but because a person is looking to support their worldview or belief this exploration can be highly biased. Information that is unsupportive can be discredited outright, and the authority of one message source over another can be exaggerated3. Even so, instilling this defensive motivation gets Nye's message across.
The critique also suggests that Nye should not try to “change” but “challenge” people. According to the theories mentioned above, this is exactly what Nye has done, and this was accomplished without the transparent platitudes of a distinctly business-like quality. Those who are not going to budge on this debate won't. Using the fame and charm of “The Science Guy,” instead of a more polarizing figure like Richard Dawkins, for example, to confront an important scientific and political issue may just be an effective Trojan horse. Those who could potentially be swayed might now be asking questions and looking into the evidence on both sides, contrary to what the critique suggests.
I do not think that Nye's intent was to convince people in a two and a half minute video that evolution is true. That would be a gargantuan task. Nye, as an adept communicator who has been thoroughly explaining various scientific topics for years (and to children no less), surely knows this. Yes, if Nye's video was meant to be evidence for evolution, then it was off the mark. But it wasn't. Nye was intimately stating their stance on the evolution/creationism debate. The viral-nature of the video is a testament to the fact that it did two simultaneously effective things: it roused a base of people who support the science, and challenged those who do not. Will there be those for whom the message does nothing? Will it offend some and put off others? Of course. But Nye succinctly challenged the creationist worldview in a way that should encourage a deep processing of the evidence for each position, and was not meant to convince anyone in one fell swoop. Nye is the proxy here. If they can promote a discussion about creationism and evolution in an exceedingly popular video, it is left up to us as science communicators to make sure that the opportunity does not go to waste.
References:
1. Chen, S., Duckworth, K., & Chaiken, S. (1999). Motivated Heuristic and Systematic Processing. Psychological Inquiry, 10 (1), 44-49.
2. Chaiken, S., Giner-Sorolla, R., & Chen, S. (1996). Beyond accuracy: Defense and impression motives in heuristic and systematic information processing. In P. M. Gollwitzer, & J. A. Bargh (Eds.), The psychology of action: Linking cognition and motivation to behavior (pp. 553-578). New York: Guilford.
3. Liberman, A., & Chaiken, S. (1992). Defensive processing of personally relevant health messages. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 18, 669-679.
Related Reading:
Critiquing the Critique of Bill Nye's Video
Image: Beao at Wikimedia Commons.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 13, 2017, 11:31 PM GMT / Updated Jan. 14, 2017, 4:50 AM GMT By Ken Dilanian
A conversation between President-elect Donald Trump's national security adviser and the Kremlin's ambassador to the U.S. that took place the day President Obama announced sanctions on Russia was not cleared by the White House, administration officials told NBC News.
Trump aide Sean Spicer confirmed Friday that Ret. Lt. Gen. Mike Flynn spoke to Ambassador Sergei Kislyak on the telephone, and said the intent was to set up a call between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Trump once they become president.
The contact began, Spicer said, on Christmas Day, with Flynn and Kislyak exchanging holiday greetings via text message.
On December 28 — the day before the sanctions announcement — Kislyak sent Flynn a text message asking if they could speak by phone, Spicer said, and Flynn accepted. The call occurred the next day, Spicer said. They denied that it had anything to do with the sanctions.
Spicer said there was nothing unusual about the call, but White House officials told NBC News it was not coordinated with them. It is unclear how the U.S. government became aware of the call, which was first reported by Washington Post columnist David Ignatius, who said there were multiple calls and raised the question of whether the conversations violated the "spirit" of a law that bars private citizens from negotiating with foreign governments.
Ignatius reported that Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Kislyak several times on Dec. 29, the day the Obama administration announced the expulsion of 35 Russian intelligence operatives and other punitive measures. The AP and Reuters also reported that calls took place on that day. NBC News has not confirmed that information.
A senior intelligence official told NBC News that the U.S. government is aware of other calls between Flynn and other foreign ambassadors, but that they didn't consider those calls to be improper.
It would not be unusual for the communications of the Russian ambassador to be under surveillance, particularly as the FBI was investigating Russian hacking and other interference in the election campaign, several current and former U.S. officials told NBC News.
White House spokesperson John Earnest said the contacts were not necessarily problematic.
"You can imagine why these kinds of interactions may have taken place, why the incoming national security adviser may have the need to contact the representative of a foreign government based here in Washington D.C.," Earnest told reporters Friday. "It depends on what they discussed…in terms of whether or not we would have significant objections about those conversations."
In their column, however, Ignatius invoked the Logan Act. "What did Flynn say, and did it undercut the U.S. sanctions?" wrote Ignatius in their column. "The Logan Act (though never enforced) bars U.S. citizens from correspondence intending to influence a foreign government about 'disputes' with the United States. Was its spirit violated?"
The U.S. economic recovery hasn't felt much like one even for people who managed to find new jobs after being laid off. Most of them have had to settle for less pay.
Only 56 percent of Americans laid off from January 2009 through December 2011 had found jobs by the start of this year, the Labor Department said Friday. More than half of them took jobs with lower pay. One-third took pay cuts of 20 percent or more.
The figures would be even lower if people who could find only part-time jobs were included in the total.
The report provides an illustration of the job market's persistent weakness well after the Great Recession officially ended in June 2009. It also documents that while the economy has added nearly 3 million jobs since the recovery began, many pay less than those that were lost.
And it points to the challenge for President Barack Obama, who's seeking re-election with unemployment at 8.3 percent. No president since World War II has faced re-election with unemployment above 8 percent. It was 7.8 percent when Gerald Ford lost to Jimmy Carter in 1976.
Laid-off workers always have a harder time finding new jobs than do people who quit. But since the government began tracking such data in 1984, people who lost jobs in a recovery haven't had it as hard as they did in the one that began three years ago.
And the pay cuts in their new jobs usually aren't so deep.
For example, in 2003-2005, a period that included a slow recovery, nearly 70 percent of those who were laid off found jobs. More than half who found full-time work in that time did so at equal or higher pay.
The government compiles data on laid-off workers every two years. The report covers only people who had worked at least three years in the same job before being laid off. In doing so, it focuses on those who had stable careers before they lost work.
They are people like Andrew McMenemy, who used to make $80,000 a year as a computer systems administrator at a software firm. They were among the 80 percent of the firm laid off in March 2010.
Now, they make $9.15 an hour, providing tech support for Apple. The job offers no benefits. They work from home in East Stroudsburg, Pa., where they live with their father.
"I'm going to be 53; I have to live at home with my father," McMenemy said. "I made more when I worked in high school."
About 6.1 million people with at least three years on the job were laid off in the three years ending in 2011, the government's report said. That's down from 6.9 million in the previous report, which covered the 2007-2009 period. But it's still the second-highest total since 1984.
Though the proportion of laid-off workers finding jobs has improved since the 2007-2009 period, "by no means are they back to a normal level for a recovery," said Henry Farber, an economics professor at Princeton University.
Compared with most other recoveries, "this is really bad," said Dean Baker, an economist and co-director of the Center for Economic Policy Research, a liberal think tank.
Baker noted that only 15 percent of those laid off in 2009 through 2011 have found new jobs with equal or higher pay. That compares with 25 percent in the three years before the recession.
"You were much more likely to be re-employed in 2007 at the same or higher wage than now," they said.
An Associated Press analysis this month documented that by just about every measure, this economic recovery is the feeblest since the Great Depression. The weakness goes well beyond high unemployment. Economic growth has never been weaker in a postwar recovery. Consumer spending has never been so slack. And even for people who have jobs, paychecks have fallen behind inflation.
The Labor Department report Friday showed that men were more likely than women to regain jobs after a layoff. Male-dominated fields, such as manufacturing and mining, have experienced some of the strongest job gains. By contrast, hiring has been below average in some occupations with mostly female workers, such as office and administrative support.
That would come as no surprise to Kim Pinto, who lost their job in November 2009 as an executive assistant and office manager at a commercial interior design firm. Pinto, 50, who lives in Plymouth, Mass., was unemployed for nearly two years before landing a job as a sales person at a furniture store in July 2011.
Them new job pays roughly half the $52,000 they earned at their former job. The new one offers health insurance. But they can't afford the premium.
Pinto considered the sales job a "life raft" until they could find something better. She's still looking, and the competition is fierce. They applied for an administrative position at a local police station. There were 186 applicants, they were told.
"I've always worked a full-time job with benefits," Pinto said. "It's almost like that's a thing of the past. It really erodes your self-esteem."
Opponents of Iranian President Mahmud Ahmadinejad are reportedly considering action to stop a large gathering the government plans to hold on April 18Ahmadinejad's critics -- who accuse them of attempting a power grab akin to what Russian President Vladimir Putin did when they stepped down to become prime minister for one term before retaking the presidency -- believe the meeting will be used by the Iranian president and their close circle to influence the June 14 presidential vote.The dispute is just the latest episode in an ongoing power struggle between Ahmadinejad and hard-liners aligned with Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, whom they have repeatedly challenged.The Iranian president's second term ends in four months and the country's constitution prevents them from running for a third term.Some critics have referred to the gathering at Tehran's Azadi Stadium, which has a capacity of 100,000, as an election meeting. They say Ahmadinejad will use the occasion to unofficially announce the man they have groomed to succeed him, believed to be close aide Esfandiari Rahim Mashaei.A presidential deputy was quoted last week as saying that the gathering is simply aimed at thanking the committee that facilitates travel inside Iran, an event that has been held before in other cities.Ahmadinejad's opponents are not convinced, however, and some appear to be moving to either cancel or control the event.Earlier this week, the judiciary's parliamentary adviser, Hojatoleslam Mohammad Banayi, said the judiciary is looking into the gathering.if any election-related behavior takes place, the judiciary's “prevention body” will take action.The “Arman” daily reported on April 8 that senior lawmaker Mohammad Reza Pourebrahimi has asked Iran's Supreme National Security Council to cancel the gathering. The daily added that the parliament's National Security Committee is planning to look into the reasons behind the gathering and its possible dimensions. That,, could result in its cancellation.But the daily also asks whether it's not too late for such a move, writing: “Will the government allow such an important and vital meeting, on which it has certainly spent a lot of money, to be so easily canceled?”-- Golnaz Esfandiari
Brooklyn schools can have a MakerBot 3D printer and a bunch of filaments and a contract to keep the machine working by raising less money than it would cost to buy a fancy pair of shoes.
Yesterday in Manhattan, MakerBot CEO Bre Pettis announced that their company was partnering with DonorsChoose.org, America Makes and AutoDesk to launch MakerBot Academy. The company said it was answering the call from the President to find ways to restore American manufacturing. To that end, they want to get a MakerBot Replicator 2 into every public school in the country.
On the MakerBot Academy website, it says in the FAQ that the program's goal is to get the machines into as many classrooms as possible by the end of the year. To get a Replicator, a teacher has to go onto Donors Choose and create a project for their or their classroom. They can do so here.
The language on that page has a very powerful message for Brooklyn teachers. It says: “Teachers in Brooklyn, NY will qualify for Almost Home funding from Makerbot. Almost Home funding may become available for projects in other locations at a later date.”
“Almost Home” funding means that a corporation has committed to cover the entire cost of the project except the last $100'ish dollars (usually $95 or $98, according to the link above).
Technically Brooklyn has not been able to ascertain how much a non-Brooklyn teacher would need to commit to raise in order to acquire a classroom bundle.
“As a former teacher, I believe strongly in creating a new model for innovation. A MakerBot is a manufacturing education in a box,” said Pettis in a statement. “We need to encourage our teachers and our youth to think differently about manufacturing and innovation. When you have a MakerBot Desktop 3D Printer, you see the world differently. Instead of waiting for someone to create a product for you, you can create your own. It can change the whole paradigm of how our children will see innovation and manufacturing in America.”
Advertisement
Could getting Replicator 2's into more affluent public schools that are also more likely to be able to crowdfund the purchase of a MakerBot bundle drive sales for the company? Maybe.
When kids come home after using the school's 3D printer, they might ask their parents for one at home. So it could be some very clever marketing, but this is also a big opportunity here for Kings County teachers. That said, there are only six weeks to act and it takes a few days to get campaigns approved on DonorsChooose, so educators need to move swiftly.
They are also enlisting the Thingiverse community to upload curricula to the site, for use in classrooms.
-30-
Lanre Badmus deleted their Twitter account before the start of their junior year at Westfield High School in Westfield, NJ. They also made their Instagram account private and changed their name on Facebook to a nickname before the start of their senior year. For all of this secrecy, you would think Badmus was trying to hide something from the government or law enforcement. Instead, they were simply applying to college.
“I was sort of afraid of colleges would look at my profiles. I didn't want any of my social media rants to come back and bite me in the college admissions process,” Badmus says, adding that they often posted angry Facebook statuses about their favorite sports teams losing big games and Instagrammed pictures of bikini-clad models.
When Badmus announced they would attend the University of North Carolina, Wilmington next year, they immediately changed their name on Facebook back to their real name. “It took a weight off my shoulders,” they say.
Like Badmus, many high school students worry that admissions officers will disapprove of their online behavior. A recent survey by Kaplan Test Prep suggests this fear is not unfounded – 35% of admissions officers surveyed had visited an applicant's social media page, and 16% had found something online that negatively influenced an applicant's chances.
In response, a new group of online reputation management firms aims to optimize what admissions officers would see if they Googled an applicant. Many of these firms feature a play on the word “reputation” in their name, including Reputation.com, Integrity Defenders, and BrandYourself.
Students can pay the firm Integrity Defenders $59.99 a month to make their social media pages showcase their strengths, such as their talent in soccer or painting. For a steeper fee of $629 a month, Integrity Defenders will clear the first page of Google results of unwanted links, such as an article in a local newspaper about a high school expulsion. And for $1,329 a month, the firm will bury any undesirable links on the third page of Google results, where Lori Randall Stradtman, author of Online Reputation Management for Dummies, jokes you could hide a dead body.
Around 10% of Integrity Defenders' clients are students, and most of them are looking to “highlight their skills and accomplishments,” says Alan Assante, president of Integrity Defenders. “We also have folks who had a minor scuffle with their high school or the law that doesn't portray them in the best light, and we can help them clear that up as well," they say.
The online reputation management industry is rapidly changing and expanding, Assante says. When Integrity Defenders was founded in 2009, only a few firms sought to help high-profile executives and companies improve their images. But several new firms have recently burst on the scene, and some – including Integrity Defenders – cater to average individuals like college applicants.
“There are so many new players, and you constantly hear new names being thrown out there,” Assante says. “It's an exciting time to be in the industry for sure.”
BrandYourself, another online reputation management firm founded in 2010 with more than $5 million in venture capital, serves mainly college students and professionals seeking to polish their online presences for potential employers, says BrandYourself CEO Patrick Ambron. But some parents also sign up their children applying to college, they say. Most parents choose the service that costs up to $100 a year and notifies clients when they need to hide negative search results or promote positive search results.
The educational and admissions consulting firm IvyWise adopts a different tactic than online reputation management firms. Rather than supervising students' online presences, IvyWise counselors encourage students to monitor what they share on the Internet themselves.
“What I tell students is first of all, if you're going to post something, make sure it passes the grandma test. If you don't want grandma to see it, don't post it,” says IvyWise CEO Kat Cohen, noting that admissions officers may interpret pictures of students holding red Solo cups as signs of underage drinking.
Cohen worries that students who use online reputation management firms to hide disciplinary proceedings aren't telling the truth to colleges or growing from their mistakes. The Common Application includes a section where students must reflect on what they learned from these incidents, they say, and one IvyWise client wrote an outstanding essay about how they matured from cheating on an exam that won them admission to their top-choice school.
Still, students can rest assured that some admissions officers simply don't have the time or interest to scope out their online behavior.
“We do not consider social media in going through their applications. We're not going to students' Facebook pages or doing any sort of Google search of them in the review process,” says Jennifer Hantho, senior associate dean of admissions at Carleton College, a selective private college in Northfield, MN.
“Social media really doesn't play a role – we usually just rely on the information given in the application to make a decision,” says Alaina Dunn, associate dean of admission at Pomona College, a selective private college in Claremont, CA that admitted a record low of 9.8% of 8,091 applicants this spring.
“Quite honestly, we just don't have the time,” Dunn says. “We have so many applications to read that the extra step of reading someone's social media page just isn't that realistic. And I don't think it would be very helpful.”
The Dodo, that remarkable flightless bird, has become an icon of extinction. However it was far from the only unique island bird to become extinct in the era of European exploration in the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
Of the many species lost in those times, the Spotted Green Pigeon is one of the most mysterious. It is known to us today from just a single museum specimen. Over 200 years after it was first described we are still unsure of where this pigeon lived, its relations to other birds or even if it was actually a unique species.
However new research, published today in BMC Evolutionary Biology, uses DNA taken from this one remaining specimen to not only resolve these mysteries but also potentially to teach us new things about the evolution of the Dodo.
Gone but not forgotten
We only know that the Spotted Green Pigeon ever existed because of two specimens that found their way into the private collections of two members of London's Royal Society.
The specimens were officially described in 1783 by the prominent ornithologist John Latham, who pronounced the Spotted Green Pigeon a new species. Sadly, the collectors of these specimens were not careful note-takers and failed to record exactly which island they found this bird on. As both collectors focused heavily on the Oceania area, it has been largely assumed the bird was found on an island in this region.
Of these two specimens, one was lost while the other found its way to the World Museum in Liverpool, where it remains to this day (hence the species' alternative name of the Liverpool Pigeon).
Debate has periodically arisen around this specimen. Some have speculated on the exact island it lived on (Tahiti being a popular, if disputed, choice). Others have suggested it is not a unique species at all but merely a juvenile Nicobar Pigeon, a bird still found today on a number of Indian Ocean islands.
Such debates have of course been impossible to resolve with such meagre evidence to go on. Now however, the advance of ancient DNA research appears to have resolved at least some of these mysteries.
Bringing ancient DNA to life
A team of researchers, led by Tim Heupink of the ancient DNA facility at Griffith University, Australia, set out to extract DNA from two feathers of the Liverpool museum specimen. Unsurprisingly, having been dead for over 200 years, the DNA from the specimen was highly fragmented; standard PCR techniques were unable to produce usable DNA fragments.
The researchers overcame this by using a novel DNA extraction technique. They characterised three ‘mini-barcodes' located on the mitochondrial 12S gene. Despite being made up of short DNA sequences, these mini-barcodes are very informative; crucially, most bird species have unique barcodes.
By comparing the sequence of the Spotted Green Pigeon's mini-barcode with those from its most likely relatives (including both the Dodo and Nicobar Pigeon) the researchers were able to produce a phylogeny of the evolutionary relationships between these species.
The results confirm that the Spotted Green Pigeon is a unique species; its mitochondrial barcode is unlike those of any other species. Those who claimed they were juvenile Nicobar Pigeons were not so far off the mark however; the results show that the Nicobar Pigeon is the closest living relative of the Spotted Green Pigeon.
Island hopping pigeons
The results also suggest that the Spotted Green Pigeon and Nicobar Pigeon were close relatives of the Dodo and its closest relative the (also extinct) Rodrigues Solitaire. The researchers suggest that this might tell us something about the origins and evolution of the Dodo.
Most species in the extended Dodo clade, apart from the Rodrigues Solitaire and the Dodo itself, share certain characteristics; semi-terrestrial habitats, an affinity for islands and the ability to fly. The researchers suggest that the addition of the Spotted Green Pigeon, also seemingly sporting these traits, to this group supports the ‘island-hopping' hypothesis for the origins of the Dodo.
This theory proposes that the Dodo's ancestors, from India or South-East Asia, flew from island to island across the Indian Ocean before eventually arriving in the Mascarene Islands, off the coast of Madagascar. Here, on Rodrigues and Mauritius respectively, they lost the ability to fly and eventually evolved into the Rodrigues Solitaire and the Dodo. One of the stops on the way would have been the island where the Dodo's ancestors evolved into the Spotted Green Pigeon.
A suitable epitaph for an unusual bird
These findings confirm that a lone specimen in a Liverpool museum is all that remains of an entire species. While this is a sad end for the Spotted Green Pigeon, we can at least be consoled that, remarkably, it can still teach us about the evolution of other species, over two hundred years after the last of its kind flew over an island somewhere out in the Indian Ocean.
A spokesperson for Sen. Al Franken Alan (Al) Stuart FrankenVirginia can be better than this Harris off to the best start among Dems in race, say strategists, donors Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message MORE (D-Minn.) said the senator would not resign in the wake of an accusation they kissed and groped a woman without their consent, The Minneapolis Star-Tribune reported Sunday.
“He is spending time with their family in Washington, D.C., and will be through the Thanksgiving holiday, and he's doing a lot of reflecting,” the spokesperson told the newspaper.
Leeann Tweeden, a Los Angeles radio host, published a story on Friday alleging that Franken forcibly kissed and groped them during a USO tour in 2006. Franken had not yet entered politics at the time, and was working as a comedian.
Tweeden also published a photo in which Franken appears to grab their chest while they sleep.
Franken issued an initial statement saying they did not remember the USO skit the same way, then issued a longer statement in which they apologized and joined other lawmakers' calls for a Senate Ethics Committee investigation. Franken said they would gladly cooperate.
ADVERTISEMENT
Tweeden accepted Franken's apology, adding that they are not calling for them to step down.
Sexual harassment has been at the forefront of discussion on the Hill in recent weeks. Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore (R) is facing allegations of sexual misconduct from multiple women. Two have claimed they initiated a sexual encounter with them when they were teenagers and they were in their 30s.
Several allegations of sexual misconduct surfaced during the 2016 presidential campaign against President Trump. The White House on Friday said the difference between accusations against Franken and Trump is that Franken admitted wrongdoing, and the president hasn't.
A pair of female Democratic lawmakers introduced legislation on Wednesday that would overhaul policies to combat and report complaints of sexual harassment on Capitol Hill.
The Senate also passed a resolution this week requiring that all senators and staffers undergo sexual harassment training.
TWRP Reaches Version 2.5.0.0 and Sees Debut on the HTC One
We have had some rather long running projects on XDA over the years. Some involve simple, yet elegant things like theming engines (UCCW, VR Theme, etc), while others focus a bit more on the functionality side of things. The case for recovery images is one such area that needs to be constantly evolving due to the evolution of the devices and their inner workings. Pushing an insecure recovery into a device is not always easy. Or rather, it is not as simple as some people make it be. Lots of things and information are required even before beginning the process of loading it onto a new device. For XDA Recognized Developer Dees_Troy and other members of Team Win, this has been the case for a while now, but they always tend to come out on top.
TWRP (Team Win Recovery Project) is an open recovery project that has been around for a couple of years now. It is a great alternative to the ever popular CWM if you are looking for something with a bit more flair and functionality. This new version, which stands at 2.5.0.0, is loaded with updates and fixes. These changes make the overall experience smoother and more enjoyable. For instance as of version 2.4.0.0, TWRP was given the ability to turn off the screen to save battery while in recovery. Version 2.5 takes that concept a step further and not only allows the user to select the timeout, but now even the screen brightness can be tweaked as well. On top of that, partition handling and selection has been vastly improved, and it is now easier to use thanks to the implementation of a scrollable list. And as if that weren't enough, not being in the Android UI should not mean that you cannot enjoy a good looking recovery with our ever-growing-pixel-packed screens. So, a theme for 1080 x 1920 was added for devices like the Xperia Z, HTC One, and others. And speaking of which, the recovery is now available for the new beast from HTC… the One.
Please do keep in mind that the new version is still undergoing somewhat heavy testing and there are some bugs that you may run into. On the other hand, if you manage to get this installed, rooting the One will be as simple as using the built-in tool to inject SuperSU. Please take it for a spin and report feedback and bugs that you may run into.
Team Win Recovery Project 2.x, or twrp2 for short, is a custom recovery built with ease of use and customization in mind. It's a fully touch driven user interface – no more volume rocker or power buttons to mash. The GUI is also fully XML driven and completely theme-able. You can change just about every aspect of the look and feel.
You can find more information in the original thread.
Want something published in the Portal? Contact any News Writer.
[Thanks to OEM Relations Manager jerdog for the tip!]
Apple has released a free tool that helps organizations configure and deploy large numbers of iPads and iPhones.
The tool was not mentioned when Apple unveiled its latest iPad during a press event in San Francisco on Wednesday morning, but it's now available from the company's online Mac App Store.
"Apple Configurator makes it easy for anyone to mass configure and deploy iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch in a school, business, or institution," reads Apple's description of the software.
According to Apple's website, the tool lets users configure up to 30 iOS devices at a time. "Apple Configurator can be used by larger organizations and businesses to set up new devices, install enterprise apps, and enroll each device with a Mobile Device Management solution for remote management by an IT administrator," the site reads.
"It is perfect for the classroom or student lab where devices need to be quickly refreshed and kept up to date with the correct settings, approved policies, apps and data. Apple Configurator can also be used to personalize devices with data and documents for specific users."
The tool was first noticed by The Next Web, which compared it to software that Apple itself uses to reset devices into retail showrooms.
The iPad and the iPhone were originally billed as consumer devices, but they've found their way into businesses in large numbers. For instance, Life Technologies – a company that sells biotech products and services – tells us that it has recently purchased about 900 iPads for its worldwide sales staff. "Being early to the game here with the iPad – with its interactive applications that are so easy to use – we find that training cycle our sales staff is relatively small," Life Technologies chief information officer Joe Beery tells Wired.
According to Chris O'Leary, who oversees the company's mobile devices, Life Technologies used a third party to configure the iPads and load them with various applications, including a tool called Roambi, which grabs business data from tools like Excel, SAP Crystal Reports, or Salesforce.com and coverts it into graphical reports for viewing on the iPad and the iPhone.
Roambi is just one of many iOS business apps that Apple highlights on its website, and Apple now offers a way for businesses to offer their own private app stores stocked with their own apps. Elsewhere on the Apple website, the company discusses the use of iPhones and iPads inside the business world, and this includes various case studies, including profiles involving United Airlines and GE.
The company did not respond to a request for comment.
The man accused of slashing another man's throat in Laurel over an argument about which branch of the military is better was in court on Thursday.
63-year-old William Earl Cunningham already plead not guilty to one count of deliberate homicide, and their attorney filed notice they may rely on a justifiable use of force defense.
On August 2nd, shortly before midnight, Laurel police officers responded to a call of an injured man.
Police officers say when they saw Cunningham, they admitted cutting the throat of 40-year-old Nathan Horn, saying, "I cut him, he's dead."
Cunningham also allegedly told police Horn tried to hit him.
Court records indicate the fight stemmed from an argument over which branch of the military was better.
Alcohol was involved in the incident.
Police say both Horn and Cunningham have criminal histories.
underachievers
A top climate scientist isn't impressed with the world's half-assed effort to save itself.
According to a paper released Tuesday by James Hansen, formerly of NASA and now at Columbia University*, the landmark Paris Agreement is solid C-minus work — but when it comes to climate commitments, mediocrity is criminal. Slacker countries making only modest emissions reductions will lock future generations into dangerous levels of climate change.
The average global temperature is already 1 to 1.3 degrees Celsius warmer than preindustrial levels, according to Hansen's group. That's on par with the Earth's climate 115,000 years ago, when the seas were 20 feet higher than they are today.
Unless we phase out fossil fuels entirely in the next few years, Hansen told reporters on Monday, future generations will have to achieve “negative emissions” by actively removing carbon from the atmosphere. Seeing as we don't even know if that's possible, that'd be a helluva task for our progeny.
Hansen and their coauthors' work, which is undergoing peer review, supports a lawsuit brought by 21 young people against the U.S. government. It charges our lawmakers with not protecting the “life, liberty, and property” of future citizens by allowing fossil fuel interests to keep polluting.
But a solution is possible, Hansen explained, if we commit to a fee on carbon pollution and more investment in renewable energy.
*Correction: This story originally referred to Hansen as a former NASA director. They were director of the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies.
Philip Bilden has withdrawn their nomination as secretary of the US Navy, the Pentagon said Sunday, marking the latest in a series of nominees to remove their names from consideration to serve under President Donald Trump.
“This was a personal decision driven by privacy concerns and significant challenges they faced in separating themselves from their business interests,” Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said in a statement, adding that they would soon suggest a new nominee.
“While I am disappointed, I understand and respect their decision, and know that they will continue to support our nation in other ways.”
Concerns over the ability of Bilden, a prominent business person and private equity investor, to separate from their vast holdings, many of which are in Hong Kong, clouded their nomination, according to reports.
The secretary of the Navy serves as the chief executive officer for both the Navy and the Marine Corps.
Bilden's move came on the heels of similar decisions by US Army secretary nominee Vincent Viola over concerns about their ability to separate from their large business holdings, and labor secretary nominee Andrew Puzder, who faced intense scrutiny for their business record and controversies over their personal life.
The posts require Senate confirmation.
And earlier this month, Michael Flynn resigned from the high-profile post of national security advisor as they faced accusations of lying to White House colleagues about alleged contacts with Russian officials.
Source: AFP
Watch how Kevin Pietersen injured their calf, ran out Aaron Finch, and deployed a runner in a bonkers nine-ball innings in the NatWest T20 Blast! Watch how Kevin Pietersen injured their calf, ran out Aaron Finch, and deployed a runner in a bonkers nine-ball innings in the NatWest T20 Blast!
Kevin Pietersen injured their calf, ran out Aaron Finch, and deployed a runner in a bonkers nine-ball innings in Surrey's NatWest T20 Blast win over Middlesex.
Pietersen (4) damaged their calf while smacking a 35-ball 52 against Essex on Wednesday night and tweaked it first ball against Middlesex on Friday after coming through a pre-match fitness test.
The former England batsman declined a single after tapping the delivery into the leg-side and sent Finch (40) back - but the Australian could not make their ground before Steve Finn whipped off theirs bails.
Middlesex skipper Brendon McCullum sportingly allowed Pietersen to have a runner, with Jason Roy, who had been caught in the deep not long earlier, the man asked to charge between the wickets.
Andrew Flintoff caught up with former England team-mate Kevin Pietersen ahead of the clash between Surrey and Middlesex Andrew Flintoff caught up with former England team-mate Kevin Pietersen ahead of the clash between Surrey and Middlesex
Pietersen and Roy only spent a further eight balls in the middle, though, with the former looping Finn to Toby Roland-Jones at midwicket before hobbling off at a sold-out Oval.
"I can't blame Kevin - they did everything they could," said Sky Sports Cricket's Nasser Hussain. "He wanted to play and they pushed themselves to the limit.
"I have criticised Kevin over the years but what else was they supposed to do today? I'd rather have someone who wants to be out there in this sort of environment than someone say: 'I've got the cash, I'll stay upstairs'."
Brendon McCullum had no issues allowing Pietersen to deploy a runner
Speaking to Sky Sports after the match - which Surrey won by 15 runs - McCullum said about handing Pietersen a runner: "We discussed it before the game and had to treat it as if KP was fully fit. Something happened but you have to get on with it.
"What you didn't want to do was get KP's back up as then they would have played a sublime hand. It wasn't that big an issue."
Surrey skipper Gareth Batty added: "Kevin had done the work, done the running and was good to go. They said they were fine and could run twos. We were comfortable and it was just unfortunate that it happened first ball.
"Maybe we look a bit foolish in the end, so credit to Brendon for taking it well."
Viewpoint: The Longevity of Rankings
Guido Caldarelli, IMT Alti Studi Lucca, Piazza S. Ponziano 6, 55100 Lucca, Italy
A phase transition controlled by noise determines how volatile rankings are.
et al. [ N. Blumm 1 ]; Image on homepage: iStockphoto/JeffreyRasmussen Figure 1: Phase diagram of ranking stability in the A – B plane ( A : fitness, B : noise). For a given ranking system, A is a vector of constants ( A i ) representing the “fitness” of all items of the ranked list, B is a parameter measuring the ranking's noise. Every real ranking system is represented by a line corresponding to the experimentally determined value of B . In analogy to the classical phases of statistical mechanics, three phases are identified based on the stability of the top-ranked items: rank stable (solid), score stable (liquid), and unstable or volatile (gas). B is the control parameter of the phase transition. The lower panel shows the rank evolution for the top-ranked items of a stable system (diseases diagnosis in Medicare) and a volatile one (page views in Wikipedia). Phase diagram of ranking stability in the A – B plane ( A : fitness, B : noise). For a given ranking system, A is a vector of constants ( A i ) representing the “fitness” of all items of the ranked list, B is a parameter measuring the ranking's noise. Every ... Show more
et al. [ N. Blumm 1 ]; Image on homepage: iStockphoto/JeffreyRasmussen Figure 1: Phase diagram of ranking stability in the A – B plane ( A : fitness, B : noise). For a given ranking system, A is a vector of constants ( A i ) representing the “fitness” of all items of the ranked list, B is a parameter measuring the ranking's noise. Every real ranking system is represented by a line corresponding to the experimentally determined value of B . In analogy to the classical phases of statistical mechanics, three phases are identified based on the stability of the top-ranked items: rank stable (solid), score stable (liquid), and unstable or volatile (gas). B is the control parameter of the phase transition. The lower panel shows the rank evolution for the top-ranked items of a stable system (diseases diagnosis in Medicare) and a volatile one (page views in Wikipedia). ×
Whenever we use Google's search engine, shop for bargains on Amazon, or evaluate a colleague through citation measures such as the h -index, we are relying on rankings to bring order into large and complex datasets. We would be much better at making decisions if we could thoroughly understand the mechanisms that drive these rankings. Can we trust a ranking system to point out the items of the highest quality? Can lousy items occasionally reach the top of a ranking? Will valuable ones always emerge? Certain rankings, like those measuring the number of times scientists are cited, show remarkable stability: it would take some effort to replace Einstein or Darwin as the most talked about scientists. Others, like bestseller lists, have a very volatile nature and fluctuate on a daily basis. Why such a different behavior? In Physical Review Letters, Nicholas Blumm at Northeastern University and the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, both in Boston, Massachusetts, and colleagues report on a study of the volatility of several prominent ranking systems [1]. From their analysis, a unified theory of ranking stability emerges.
Researchers apply theories rooted in statistical mechanics to explain the properties of particularly important rankings. A ranking is typically described by distribution functions, relating the probability that an item is ranked at a certain position to key parameters of the system [2]. For example, the American linguist George Kingsley Zipf [3] observed that the usage rank of a word is, to a good approximation, inversely proportional to its frequency: the most frequent word will occur twice as often as the second most frequent word, three times as often as the third most frequent word, etc. This scaling applies to all languages and has been interpreted by Zipf [3] and more recent studies [4] in terms of a least-effort principle: minimization of the efforts of both hearer and speaker in a conversation leads to a Zipf-like distribution law, a hallmark of the efficient mechanisms by which human languages are generated. Similar scaling laws are observed in other rankings unrelated to language, such as the distribution of incomes described by the Italian economist Vilfredo Pareto [5], who noticed that a small proportion of a population owns a large part of the wealth. The coefficient of the Pareto's power law is often taken as an indicator of a society's inequalities. These examples illustrate how statistical analysis can reveal profound and sometimes hidden mechanisms that govern the system being ranked.
Blumm et al. go beyond the description of ranking distribution functions and focus instead on what determines their stability in time. The authors search for a common law regulating ranking dynamics by analyzing six prominent ranking systems: the use of individual words in published literature, the hourly page views in Wikipedia, the frequency of certain keywords used in Twitter, the daily market capitalization of companies, the number of diagnosis of a specific disease recorded by Medicare, and the number of article citations in the Physical Review corpus. Each ranking system is based on a different mechanism for assigning scores to different items of a list. The rank of a specific item is obtained by comparing its score to those of other items. Rank is thus a collective measure, depending both on an item's score and on what happens to the rest of the ranked system.
The authors observe that the stability of an item's rank depends on the fluctuations of the score around its mean value. An item ranked at a certain position ( r ) is rank-stable if the score fluctuates less than the gap to the consecutively ranked items ( r ± 1 ). To describe the score dynamics, Blumm et al. apply a universal stochastic equation (a Langevin equation) that can describe the evolution of systems under the simultaneous action of deterministic and stochastic forces. The authors assume that the deterministic and stochastic terms can be represented by power-law functions of the item's score, weighted by a series of constants A i (for every item) and B . The constant A capture the “fitness” of each item, describing the aptitude to increase its score. For example, in social media, A measure the ability to acquire new friends or followers, or in publishing, the capacity of an article to get new citations. B , instead, models a Gaussian random noise that determines stochastic score fluctuations. For the six investigated rankings, the authors derive empirical values of A and B by fitting historical data.
The interplay of these two weights determines the ranking within the system and, more importantly, its stability. The authors calculate the probability that a certain item with fitness A has a certain score x at a given time. Under the assumption that the system reaches a steady-state solution, they find that the most likely score depends on the relative value of fitness compared to other items' fitness. The effect of the noise is to make the score fluctuate by a certain amount. The outcome depends critically on the value of the noise parameter B . If the noise is lower than a certain critical value B c , the score remains localized around the original value. If the noise is larger than B c , the solution is no longer stable. Since the stability of the score does not necessarily imply rank stability, two distinct regimes can be found below B c . For noise between B c and a certain value B r , each item has a stable score, but the fluctuations are sufficient for items with comparable score to swap their rank. Below B r , both ranks and scores are stable. Blumm et al. demonstrate that the volatility of ranking can be captured by a phase diagram in the A – B plane (shown in Fig. 1), where ranking stability properties are plotted as a function of the two parameters A and B . Three phases are identified in analogy to the classical phases of statistical mechanics: ranking and score stable (solid), score-only stable (liquid), and volatile (gas). Transitions between different regimes of ranking volatility can be described as phase transitions in which the random noise ( B ) is the control parameter.
The authors test the validity of this approach by considering the ranking dynamics for the top five items of the six investigated examples. In the A – B diagram, one can represent every real system with a line corresponding to the experimental value measured for B (see Fig. 1). Medicare, word usage, and market cap are in the rank-stable regime, in which highly ranked items should display rank stability, a prediction that agrees with empirical results. Conversely, Twitter keywords usage and Wikipedia page views are in the unstable phase, with high volatility of both score and ranking. Finally, Physical Review citations fall in the score-stable, liquidlike phase: the scores fluctuate around a well-defined average, but this is not sufficient to maintain rank stability.
The work of Blumm et al. delivers a fresh contribution to the study of ranking in social and economic systems, formulating a universal, scale-invariant theory that captures the dynamics of a variety of rankings with wildly different volatility properties. Most of the differences can be attributed to a phase transition controlled by the stochastic noise strength. It is tempting to conclude that the ephemeral nature of modern social media like Twitter or Wikipedia explains the larger noise (hence volatility) compared to established rankings such as that of word usage in English literature. Further studies should explore in more detail the origin of noise in ranking. Another important direction for future research is the extension to correlated noise (in real-life systems, ranking fluctuations of different items may be mutually dependent).
It is reassuring to know that Darwin and Einstein will continue to top scientific rankings for the foreseeable future. However, as a statistical physicist, I am also intrigued by the fact that, in our ranking-obsessed world, a small fluctuation (or a bit of luck) may be all it takes to turn today's also-ran into tomorrow's number one.
By Andy Rowell
Any day now we will truly witness climate change in action. Within days at worst, maybe weeks at best, scientists predict that a huge section of the Larsen C ice shelf in Antarctica will break off into the ocean, in what is called a major "calving" event.
The size of the U.S. state of Delaware or the paradise island of Bali, the iceberg will be one of the biggest ever seen.
For months, scientists have been watching the growing crack spread some 175 kilometers (approx. 108 miles) along the ice sheet with growing alarm. Now just 13 kilometers (8 miles) remain, keeping this chunk of ice attached to the main ice shelf.
In glacial terms, it is literally hanging by a thread.
"It's keeping us all on tenterhooks," Andrew Fleming of the British Antarctic Survey told Reuters earlier this week. "It feels like a niggling tooth" of a child as it comes loose.
According to scientists from Project MIDAS, a UK-based Antarctic research project investigating the effects of a warming climate on the Larsen C ice shelf: "When it calves, the Larsen C Ice Shelf will lose more than 10 percent of its area to leave the ice front at its most retreated position ever recorded; this event will fundamentally change the landscape of the Antarctic Peninsula."
As the scientists pointed out, as the ice-shelf is already floating, an iceberg breaking off does not directly impact sea level rise, although "the ice shelf is holding back land-based glaciers, which have a large sea level potential."
So what should we name this vast new iceberg when it carves? The folks at 350.org have come up with a novel idea: Let's name it #ExxonKnew, because "50 years after learning the truth about climate change, Exxon's climate denial is having increasingly devastating consequences."
350.org outlines that the imminent calving of the vast iceberg is "one of the most dramatic displays of the destruction Exxon and their peers in the fossil fuel industry have unleashed upon the planet. Exxon's climate denial created this iceberg. It should be named after it too."
Ironically, way back in the early sixties, a division of the company that would become Exxon ran a full page ad in Life Magazine bragging about their ability to melt glaciers.
Later that decade, by 1968, a report for the American Petroleum Institute, on which Exxon is a prominent member, warned of the dangers of climate change and the risks to sea level rise if Antarctic glaciers melted.
Nine years later in 1977, Exxon's leaders were told directly by a senior company scientist, James F. Black, about the looming climate crisis. "In the first place, there is general scientific agreement that the most likely manner in which humankind is influencing the global climate is through carbon dioxide release from the burning of fossil fuels," they told Exxon's Management Committee.
A year later in 1978, one of the most seminal works on Antarctica was published by John Mercer from the Institute of Polar Studies, who concluded: "One of the warning signs that a dangerous warming trend is under way in Antarctica will be the breakup of ice shelves on both coasts of the Antarctic Peninsula, starting with the northernmost and extending gradually southward."
But Exxon ignored the warning signs and tried to discredit the science. Instead of taking responsible action, the company employed a decades-long deceitful and disingenuous climate denial campaign that has been well documented by scholars and activists alike.
The scientists and executives from Exxon deliberately followed the tobacco industry's tactics of sowing doubt about evidence. Exxon set out to exaggerate the uncertainty in the science and twist the facts.
In October 1997, decades after the company was first warned about climate change, the head of Exxon at the time, Lee "Iron Ass" Raymond, delivered a speech to the Fifteenth World Petroleum Congress in China.
As Steve Coll recalled in their book "Private Empire," Raymond "devoted thirty-three paragraphs of their seventy-eight-paragraph speech to the argument that evidence about manmade climate change was an illusion."
Months later, Exxon helped create a task-force working with the American Petroleum Institute: "Victory will be achieved when average citizens understand (recognize) uncertainties in climate science" and when public "recognition of uncertainty becomes part of "unconventional wisdom." Where Big Tobacco led, Exxon followed in promoting uncertainty.
Between 1998 and 2005, Exxon donated $16 million to numerous right-wing and libertarian think tanks to manufacture uncertainty about climate change.
In 2006, nearly three decades after Exxon was first warned about climate change, the British Royal Society wrote to Exxon asking the company to stop funding organizations which feature information "on their websites that misrepresented the science of climate change, by outright denial of the evidence that greenhouse gases are driving climate change, or by overstating the amount and significance of uncertainty in knowledge or by conveying a misleading impression of the potential impacts of anthropogenic climate change."
But Exxon has continued funding climate denial and Antarctica continues to warm.
On January 4, Ohio's governor John Kasich signed HB 347 into law, making Ohio one of only 11 other states to create laws cracking down on civil asset forfeiture. Along with a handful of regulations, the law will now require any properties valued under $15,000 to require a criminal conviction before a civil forfeiture may take place.
Introduced in September 2015 by state reps. Robert McColley and Tom Brinkman, the bill hopes to massively curb the incentive for “policing for profit” behavior. Back in 2010, Ohio received a “C-“ grade when reviewed for policing for-profit tendencies by the Institute for Justice. A member of the Institute's counsel, Lee McGrath, said in a statement that “civil forfeiture is one of the most serious assaults on due process and private property rights in the United States today,” and that “Ohio's new law should protect many from this abuse of power.”
Although only 3 states received higher grades in the study, data shows that the majority of Ohioans, regardless of party affiliation, favor forfeiture reform. A poll done in Ohio by Fix Forfeiture found that 83% of Republicans and 87% of Democrats favored reforms regarding civil forfeiture laws.
Along with requiring a criminal conviction, the law also modifies the requirements for proof. It will change the level of proof needed in civil proceedings to be “clear and convincing,” up from the previous level of “preponderance of the evidence.” State reps hope this will rightfully shift the burden from the property owners proving their innocence and onto the state. State senator Kris Jordan said on the Senate floor that while completely abolishing civil forfeiture would be “ideal” this bill does “move us in the right direction.”
In addition to the other reforms in the bill, Ohio lawmakers made sure to close a loophole done through “equitable sharing.” Under this guise, local or state agencies can keep up to 80% of forfeited property by collaborating with a federal agency. Through this practice, Ohio law enforcement received more than $140 million between 2000 and 2013. In that same time span, Ohio seized cash from people without ever charging them with a crime more than 1,900 times. Most of which goes towards law enforcement salaries, covering overtime expenses, and funding recreational upgrades.
With the new law, however, law enforcement can no longer transfer seized property to a federal agency for any property valued less than $100,000. Which will strike a large blow to seizures since, according to The Washington Post, out of all cases where police seized cash and did not file charges, half of the seizures were below $8,800.
While this is surely a victory for Ohio, there seems to be a growing national movement towards the abolition of civil asset forfeiture. Hopefully this is trend we see more often as even more states follow suit in protecting its citizens' rights from unlawful behavior.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Giants executives cast no illusions after Giancarlo Stanton rebuffed their efforts to acquire them last week.
They immediately shifted their attention to Marcell Ozuna, the next power-hitting outfielder that the Miami Marlins were poised to deal. They knew that Marlins officials already had vetted every level of their farm system.
And they knew that their past discussions would yield no advantage.
Sure enough, hours after the Marlins shipped Ozuna to the St. Louis Cardinals on Wednesday for a prospect package headed by hard-throwing pitcher Sandy Alcantara, Giants general manager Bobby Evans acknowledged that their farm system lacked the top-level pieces to complete a deal for the difference-making outfielder.
That candid admission in Evans' suite at the winter meetings spooled into a sobering discussion about the Giants' player development system, which as it turns out, is getting more than just a new farm director in...
If you wanted one of those hot Majora's Mask New 3DS XLs but could never quite get your hands on one, we've got some good news: they're coming back.
The limited-edition New 3DS, which drove the world insane back in January thanks to Nintendo's sloppy distribution and lack of communication, will be in (limited) stock at GameStop tomorrow, according to a memo sent out to employees today (via NeoGAF).
(We've called and confirmed with GameStop employees that this memo is indeed for real.)
According to the memo, every store in the country will get four systems each, so you'll want to get there early if you're still in the market for one of these things. I've been using mine regularly and can confirm that it's Hot As Shit, even if that right-stick nub is kind of a pain to use.
Advertisement
You can reach the author of this post at jason@kotaku.com or on Twitter at @jasonschreier.
Secret Histories Map of San Francisco
I made this Secret Histories Map of San Francisco for the San Francisco Arts Commission for an exhibition that ran last summer (2009). If you're in Los Angeles you can see it at the Japanese American National Museum till the 24th of January (2010). I got a bunch of emails about it from people who saw the Map there and wanted me to explain why I made it and what it's about.
Marci and I and a bunch of other friends were asked by the San Francisco Arts Commission to make work around the theme of "Trace Elements". The idea around "Trace Elements" or what I took from it was how people don't know about the history of things that they might pass by on the street, or how things got to where they were at and how things might have been forgotten (yeah, like Frodo and the Ring, only not). So I thought I'd make a Secret Map of San Francisco. Pretty much like anyone who's lived or lived near San Francisco there's little bits of history you learn about that can easily be placed on a map. Like walking pass Alamo Square you see folks taking photos of the "Full House" Houses, or if you're near Dolores Park you'll notice the golden fire hydrant that saved the San Francisco.
I've drawn out maps of the City for the past few years so when the idea came to me it was actually a pretty easy project because I've already done it so many times before, just not to this scale (3 ft x 3 ft). This actually is my 4th version of drawing out a map of San Francisco. San Francisco is really easy to draw out in map-form because it's only 7x7 miles, and although it has a few hills you can pretty much section it off by the freeway and a few of it's major streets: Market, Third Street, Mission Street, Geary Boulevard, Divasidero, and 19th Avenue.
This is a print I made of an illustrated map of San Francisco with my characters in it. There aren't very many real markers except a few of my favorite 7-11s and few SF landmarks. You might notice I just put the whole Mission District in a cloud. Yeah. I took the easy way out.
View San Francisco Secret Histories Map in a larger map
For this project I created and marked out a map using Google Maps. Originally so I could map out long gone cemeteries off of sfcemeteries.com, but then to mark out new things as I was researching. SFcememteries.com, by the way, as of this writing is now down (August 2009), but i used a lot of the guy's notes in my Google Map for the cemeteries (all the area that is colored in was land that used to be part of a cemetery) so their work and research still lives online. The rest of my researching wasn't really all that in depth; I got into a San Francisco History Podcast called Sparkletack and listened to all their episodes. I took notes and then went to my Google Map to mark things down and take notes. I did all my researching of things to draw from online and never went to a library. Google street view was really helpful, too, cause there are certain things that weren't photographed and I didn't really have time to trek around the City to take photos. The Google Map I created is pretty rich with detail, because I also took the time to update everything with photographs I found online.
The map was my project for the Month of April. It took about five weeks to research, draw out, and paint. It's the most time I have ever put into a project, and that includes zines, and certain solo exhibitions. I've been meaning to scan it and then redraw it so I could have a print to sell or maybe make a zine out of it but I've just never got around to it. It's just a lot of work, and I have a few other projects I want to work on.
The weird bird is a phoenix, the symbol of San Francisco. They put the Phoenix on the city flag in 1900, because the phoenix symbolized San Francisco rising up from the ashes of the Earthquakes and fires of the mid-19th century (San Francisco's been through about 4 or 5 major earthquakes). Then a few years later the Great Earthquake of 1906 happened and it was kind of a fucked up joke. The north half of Dolores Park used to be a Jewish cemetery. I had to use Google Street view to find the location of the Golden Fire Hydrant. Every year on the anniversary of the fire, all the survivors of the 1906 Earthquake gather there and the oldest survivor gets to paint it gold. I think they've thinned down a little, but it was a nice tradition for a while. If you want to know more than you should follow this link.
The Golden Fire Hydrant that Saved San Francisco. Every year the local fire department paints this gold on the anniversary of the 1906 Earthquake.
In this section you will also find Seals Stadium. The Seals (AAA baseball team) used to play where the Safeway complex on Potrero Hill now sits. Before the Giants moved out west, San Francisco had the Seals. Joe Dimaggio used to play for them and Lefty O'Doul used to manage them. I used to walk by this Safeway about 4 times a week for several years, so it's weird thinking that's where people went to go see a game.
The 49ers used to play at Kezar Stadium before they moved out to Candlestick in early 1970s. It always amazed me that they played there, but then I found out that new stadium that seats about 10,000 was built after they destroyed the old one that sat 50,000. Yeah. Sports. No one cares.
17 Reasons Why Sign. When I came to San Francisco the signed got shortened to "17 Reasons". It got taken down in the early 2000s and now a billboard sits there.
Of Note:
1. Lone Mountain Cemeteries- Pretty much where USF sits now is where there used to be the cemeteries of Lone Mountain. As San Francisco grew they passed city ordinances to remove the cemeteries. The bodies were dug up and re-interred in Colma and other parts of San Mateo County.
2. San Francisco Columbarium. The Columbarium still exists, but it doesn't look like that anymore. It used to be part of the Odd Fellow's Cemetery. It's now kind of enclosed, but you can still visit it. I used to take the 38 Geary and would notice it's dome and wonder what it was.
3. Buena Vista Park- If you walk around the park you can see the broken tombstones were used as filler for cement. When they were exhuming bodies a lot of it was pretty haphazard. I marked off the former cemeteries in my map with bone borders, and if you're ever in that part of town you might notice some of the streets are laid out as if they were in a cemetery.
Another strange thing I noticed was how close Jim Jone's People's Temple was to the "Full House" House, but yeah. it really doesn't mean anything, it's just kind of weird.
I drew the ghosts coming in from the direction of Colma for all the spirits who might have been upset for their bodies to be removed from their original grave sites. Yerba Buena was San Francisco's original name, they changed it in 1847, which was two years before the Gold Rush. There's a funny story involving Benicia, and Yerba Buena changing it's name but yeah. This is already a pretty long post.
Before everything got sub-urbanized the western half of San Francisco used to be all sand and was referred to as the "Outside Lands". There are stories of people getting lost walking back from Ocean Beach at night and then getting consumed by giant sand dunes. They made Golden Gate Park to see if they could reclaim the land with grass and vegetation and when that was proven successful, people began moving west of Divisadero.
Of Note:
1. The Japanese Tea Garden is (possibly) where the fortune cookie was invented.
2. There's Bison in the Golden Gate Park. It's kind of sad.
3. Lincoln Golf Course near the Presidio and across the way from the Legion of Fine Arts, is on top of about 10,000-20,000 unmarked graves. Sometimes after the rain a casket or two might pop out. Once they found an open casket with a dude holding a tin box with their heart in it, and another dude buried with a third arm. If you want more stories like this go here.
4. I mapped out the general area of Carville. Carville was a place where people converted abandoned street cars into homes.
5. The abandoned Marine Hospital has about 900 bodies buried in unmarked graves.
6. Playland at the Beach. It's no longer there, but it's the birthplace of It's-It, San Francisco's most famous ice cream treat (that no one knows about outside of San Francisco).
Of Note:
1. 201 Green Street is where Philo T. Farnsworth invented the television.
2. Russian Hill got it's name during the Gold Rush era, because they found a bunch of Russian graves at the top of it. They were the graves of Russian Sailors who were interred there in 1848 because they were of Eastern Orthodox faith and so no church wanted their bodies.
3. Crocker's Spite Fence is no longer around (Earthquake & Fire of 1906) but if you closely you can see pieces of the wall around Grace Cathedral.
4. The Second Street Cut through Rincon Hill. Before the Cable Car all the rich folks in the City lived on Rincon Hill. Then some dude decided to make it easier for horse drawn carriages to go down Second Street by petitioning to carve up the street. It didn't work out so well, cause it made it really easy for robbers to get the drop on people, and some houses fell off into the street. It turned one of the nicest street in San Francisco into a pit, and then the technology for the cable car was invented and rich moved up to Nob Hill.
5. Starr King- "The Orator who Saved the Nation".
6. Near UN Plaza, City Hall and the Main Library there used to be Yerba Buena Cemetery where about 5,000-9,000 bodies were supposed to be exhumed. Only 2,000 were accounted for. When they were constructing the new library they were still finding bodies. If you have ever been there, you kind of get the feeling the place has some bad mojo.
7. My favorite 7-11 in San Francisco is on 711 Market Street. Oh, in the map is all the 7-11s in San Francisco.
The dead Tiger is for the incident at the San Francisco Zoo. Just to let you know, the San Francisco Zoo is probably the most depressing zoo I've been, too. But then there's the LA Zoo.
Other Notable Items:
Camera Obscura. $3 to get in.
The Cliff House before the fire.
Woodward Gardens was the first Amusement Park of San Francisco (1866-1891). It was located where the 101 exits onto Mission and 13th Street. You could like to get your photo with a tiger. It was actually like an exploratory museum than a amusement park, because they had gardens, art, an aquarium, and four museums (so like, uh, Golden Gate Park).
Call Building. This is the Call Building on fire during the aftermath of the 1906 Earthquake. The Call Building is still around, they decided not to recap it, so it's not really that grand of a building anymore. Uh, When Samuel Clemens (Mark Twain), lived in the City they used to work for the San Francisco Call. The Call got consumed by the Examiner in 1965.
After making this map it's kind of crazy to realize how much the City has burned and has then been rebuilt. Pretty much most of the streets have stayed the same, but a lot of really nice architecture has been lost. Like the Palace Hotel has burned and been rebuilt 3 times. The first time they rebuilt it they made it pretty grand, and the 2nd time around they made it pretty awesome, but not as awesome as the time before cause another earthquake was bound to happen. Also trying to locate photos of old buildings to locations was a little hard, like the City Hall, because they decided to rebuild it in the same area around Civic Center but at a different location. San Francisco has only been around for 162 years (if you don't count the Ohlone and the Spanish), which isn't that long, but really rich with a lot of pretty awesome history.
Aug 2013 - Just a little update.
If you're in San Francisco you can see this map up close at the Exploratorium in their map exhibit.
Yes. I made two spelling mistakes. I misspelled Dolores Park and Cesar Chavez Blvd, which is the reason why I probably won't make of this image into a print anytime soon.
Whether you're looking for casual trail riding, gnarly rock climbing or anything in between, the 2018 Can-Am Maverick lineup can deliver.
Can-Am is introducing two all-new models to the lineup for 2018: the Can-Am Maverick Trail and the Maverick X3 X rc Turbo. While the Trail is a meant for nimble handling through tight terrain, the X3 X rc is all about climbing the rocks.
READ MORE: Can-Am Maverick X3 vs Tesla Model X Drag Race
The Trail is a 50-inch wide side-by-side looking to offer a compact feeling out on the trail. Can-Am says that this machine isn't just a shrunk-down Maverick X3 or up-sized Outlander, but rather a right-sized machine for hitting the trails.
Two different engine options can be had in the new Trail, either a 51-horsepower Rotax 800cc V-twin or a 75-hp 1000cc V-twin. No matter which engine you go for, it will be paired with a CVT.
The machine can also be had with power steering, of course, to help with exploring. The Trail has a full wheelbase of 90.6 inches, it packs 10 inches of ground clearance, it weighs either 1,314 or 1,349 pounds depending on the engine you get and it can carry 300 pounds in its cargo bed. Tow capacity is rated at 1,500 pounds.
READ MORE: Watch: Can-Am Maverick X3 Finds an Insane Dune Line
The Maverick Trail will start around $11,000 while power steering bumps that price up to close to $13,000.
As for the Maverick X3 X rc Turbo, it can be also be had in two different power flavors: either with 120 hp or 172 hp in the R model, both coming from a 900cc turbocharged three-cylinder.
Besides all that pulling power, the X3 X rc Turbo will be able to climb thanks to its 14-inch wheels wrapped in 30-inch Maxxis tires and its 20-inches of suspension travel, 24 in the R model. A fully lockable front differential has also been designed by Can-Am to help in low-grip situations, easy to get into thanks to the X3 X rc Turbo's 14-inches of ground clearance.
To make sure it's ready for the abuse, these rock crawling models also get full skid plates, rock sliders, suspension HMW protectors and more, while occupants are protected by a full aluminum roof and four-point harness.
For size, this crawling Maverick packs a width of 72 inches, a 102-inch wheelbase and 133 inches of total length. The standard Turbo model weighs in at 1,631 pounds while the R model bumps that up to 1,751 pounds.
The Maverick X3 X rc Turbo will start at $24,000, while the Turbo R will sell for around $29,000.
ROBOT ATTACK – Security experts have discovered a 19-year-old flaw in the TLS network security protocol that affects much software worldwide.
The security researchers Hanno Böck and Juraj Somorovsky of Ruhr-Universität Bochum/Hackmanit, and Craig Young of Tripwire VERT, have discovered a 19-year-old vulnerability in the TLS network security protocol in the software several tech giants and open-source projects.
The flaw in RSA PKCS #1 v1.5 encryption affects the servers of 27 of the top 100 web domains, including Facebook and PayPal, it could be exploited by an attacker to decrypt encrypted communications.
The researchers dubbed the flaw ROBOT, which stands for Return Of Bleichenbacher's Oracle Threat.
“ROBOT is the return of a 19-year-old vulnerability that allows performing RSA decryption and signing operations with the private key of a TLS server.” the researchers explained.
“In 1998, Daniel Bleichenbacher discovered that the error messages given by SSL servers for errors in the PKCS #1 1.5 padding allowed an adaptive-chosen ciphertext attack; this attack fully breaks the confidentiality of TLS when used with RSA encryption.
We discovered that by using some slight variations this vulnerability can still be used against many HTTPS hosts in today's Internet.”
Today we are still discussing the ROBOT attack because the mitigations drawn up at the time were not enough and many software vendors did not properly implement these protections.
“The real underlying problem here is that the protocol designers decided (in 1999) to make workarounds for using an insecure technology rather than replace it with a secure one as recommended by Bleichenbacher in 1998.” said Young.
This ROBOT attack could allow attackers to decrypt RSA ciphertexts without recovering the server's private key as explained in a security advisory published by CISCO.
“An attacker could iteratively query a server running a vulnerable TLS stack implementation to perform cryptanalytic operations that may allow decryption of previously captured TLS sessions.” states the advisory published by Cisco.
“To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker must be able to perform both of the following actions:
Capture traffic between clients and the affected TLS server.
Actively establish a considerable number of TLS connections to the vulnerable server. The actual number of connections required varies with the implementation-specific vulnerabilities, and could range from hundreds of thousands to millions of connections.”
Fortunately, the vulnerability affects only 2.8% of the top million websites, this small value is due to the fact that the affected library is mainly used for expensive commercial products that are often used to enforce security controls on popular websites.
Similar issues exist in XML Encryption, PKCS#11 interfaces, Javascript Object Signing and Encryption (JOSE), and Cryptographic Message Syntax / S/MIME.
As a proof-of-concept for the ROBOT attack, the experts have demonstrated practical exploitation by signing a message with the private key of facebook.com's HTTPS certificate.
Facebook was using a patched version of OpenSSL for its vulnerable servers, according to the tech giant the issue was caused by custom patches applied by the company.
Facebook has patched its servers before the disclosure of the paper on the ROBOT attack.
Several vendors have fixes pending, the following list includes patches that are already available.
According to Young, the most interesting attack scenarios see hackers having access to the target's network traffic, a position that could be obtained by an attacker exploiting the KRACK attack to target a Wi-Fi connection.
The impact of ROBOT attacks is severe, an attacker can steal sensitive and confidential data, including passwords, credit card data, and other sensitive details.
The experts released a python tool to scan for vulnerable hosts so everyone can check their HTTPS server against ROBOT attack.
Researchers also included countermeasures in their paper, they recommend deprecating the RSA encryption key exchange in TLS and the PKCS #1 v1.5 standard.
“We can therefore conclude that there is insufficient testing of modern TLS implementations for old vulnerabilities. The countermeasures in the TLS standard to Bleichenbacher's attack are incredibly complicated and grew more complex over time. It should be clear that this was not a viable strategy to avoid these vulnerabilities.
The designers of TLS 1.3 have already decided to deprecate the RSA encryption
key exchange. However, as long as compatibility with RSA encryption
cipher suites are kept on older TLS versions these attacks remain a problem.” concludes the research paper.
“To make sure Bleichenbacher attacks are finally resolved we recommend to fully
deprecate RSA encryption based key exchanges in TLS. For HTTPS we believe
this can be done today”
Pierluigi Paganini
(Security Affairs – ROBOT attack, hacking)
Share this...
Linkedin Reddit Pinterest
Share On
Almost ten years after the friendly fire death of former NFL star turned Army Ranger Pat Tillman, a fellow ranger admits that they may have been the one who fired the fatal shot.
In their first public statements since the incident in Afghanistan on April 22, 2004, former Army Ranger Steven Elliott told ESPN's “Outside the Lines” that they have lived for 10 years with the thought that they might have killed Mr. Tillman.
“It is possible, in my mind, that I hit him,” Mr. Elliott confessed. They had been engaged in their first firefight as an Army Ranger when Mr. Tillman was killed.
Mr. Tillman had left behind a $3.6 million NFL contract to fight in the war after the terrorist attacks of September 11.
The mystery behind Mr. Tillman's death has never been solved and the events leading up to their untimely death only lead to more questions.
The Army initially told Mr. Tillman's family that they had been killed by enemy fire while charging down a fill to assist fellow Rangers. However, soon after their funeral, it was revealed that an Army investigation into their death determined that they were shot by their own men.
PHOTOS: These pro-gun celebrities may shock you
While it is not certain that Mr. Elliot was responsible for Mr. Tillman's death, they believe the circumstances surrounding the event point to himself.
“You aim at a point, and you fire a burst. You are holding your trigger for a fraction of a second, but that fraction of a second releases three to five rounds,” they told ESPN. “If it looked like you had (three) rounds and very close to one another, well, that was very consistent to how I was firing my weapon at that point. … It would be disingenuous for me to say there is no way my rounds didn't kill him, because my rounds very well could have.”
Mr. Elliot also told ESPN that other rangers had opened fire in Mr. Tillman's direction. Their Squad leader, Greg Baker, had started shooting first then they and two other Rangers did the same.
“The mantra is that when all else fails you do what your team leader does, you go where your team leader goes and you shoot where your team leader shoots, and so effectively…effectively them (Baker) firing at that position is, is the same as theirs giving an order to fire. … And it breaks my heart to say that, because I know that they regret that—so much,” Mr. Elliot admitted.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Share this
Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. University Cardiff University
CARDIFF U. (UK) — Chewing gum can help you stay focused for longer on tasks that require ongoing attention.
Previous research has shown that chewing gum can improve concentration in visual memory tasks. This study focused on the potential benefits of chewing gum during an audio memory task.
[sources]
It's been well established by previous research that chewing gum can benefit some areas of cognition. The study focused on an audio task that involved short-term memory recall to see if chewing gum would improve concentration, especially in the latter stages of the task.
The study, published in the British Journal of Psychology, involved 38 participants being split in to two groups. Both groups completed a 30-minute audio task that involved listening to a list of numbers from 1-9 being read out in a random manner.
The researchers, including Chris Miles of Cardiff University, scored participants on how accurately and quickly they were able to detect a sequence of odd-even-odd numbers, such as 7-2-1. Participants also completed questionnaires on their mood both before and after the task.
The results show that participants who chewed gum had quicker reaction times and more accurate results than the participants who didn't chew gum. This was especially the case towards the latter parts of the task.
Participants who didn't chew gum performed slightly better at the beginning of the task but were overtaken by the end. This suggests that chewing gum helps us focus on tasks that require continuous monitoring over a longer amount of time.
Source: Cardiff University
So after a break from model building for many moons, I've returned by starting with a HG Over Flag from Gundam 00 I got as a Christmas gift years ago. I really liked the kit so it's a shame I've sat on it this long.I do realize this is a pretty amateur build, but I'm happy with how it came out. I used to get really OCD with models I built as a teen, but I've since grown to feel I should just build models in a way where I have more fun and take it easy. I did minimal painting on this kit, and gave it a coat of Mr. Super Clear Matt. In retrospect there are a few things I should've taken a little more care with (I didn't know how silvering decals worked :/ ), but there again I had fun so what's it matter.Thanks for looking!
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Israel is being attacked by the same forces attacking Europe, and just as Israel stands with Europe, so too Europe must stand with Israel, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Thursday.
The prime minister, speaking following a meeting with visiting Norwegian Foreign Minister Börge Brende, said that Wednesday's terrorist attack in Paris “clearly demonstrates the disdain of radical Islam for the values we hold dear. We cherish freedom and tolerance; they worship tyranny and terror.
And through this terror they seek to impose a new dark age on humanity.”Netanyahu said the terrorists were “part of a global movement and this necessitates a global response. I believe that with the strength of our resolve and the unity of our action, we can defeat this threat to our common civilization. And what the battle against terror requires is courage, clarity and consistency.”PM Benjamin Netanyahu met with Norwegian FM Børge BrendeDeputy Foreign Minister Tzachi Hanegbi said in an Israel Radio interview that precisely that type of determination has been missing up until now in France and elsewhere in Europe in the battle against terrorism.The French in the past tried to delude themselves regarding the true nature of threat, saying “maybe it was only sporadic incidents, maybe it is only anti-Semitism, maybe it is only against the Jews,” Hanegbi said.The French at times tried to understand the terrorists' motivations, and at other times tried to downplay the terrorists' ties to Islam, they said. The sheer brutality of Wednesday's attack, especially the murder of the police officer on the sidewalk, will compel the French government to “look at the reality square in the face” and realize there is a serious danger at their gates, they continued.Hanegbi predicted that France will be forced, as the US was after the September 11, 2001, attacks, to empower the security establishment with tools to effectively deal with the threats.“France must deal with the threat coming from within,” they said. Hanegbi added that Israel, unfortunately, has quite a wealth of experience dealing with terrorism, and that “anyone who cooperates with a country as experienced [in dealing with terrorism] as Israel, only benefits.”Israel has the capability to help France a lot more than the French have requested in the past, they said. Now, France “will have an interest in being helped by anyone who can help them, including Israel.”Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman, meanwhile, took the Paris attack and used it to prove a point regarding domestic Israeli policies.If there was an important lesson to be learned from the attack, they said, it is that extremist movements must be dealt with early, and that there are only small legal and semantic differences separating those organizations from terrorist groups.Those who demonstrate tolerance toward those organizations will ultimately pay a high price in blood, as well as in threats to the very democracies that allow those organizations to work, Liberman said.Israel's lesson, they said, must be not to tarry and to stop the activities of Raed Salah and the northern branch of the Islamic Movement in Israel.Liberman said Salah's organization was an inseparable link in the chain of terrorist organizations that includes Hamas, Islamic Jihad, al-Qaida and Islamic State. They said the organization “shares exactly the same values of the perpetrators of the massacre in Paris and its intolerance of criticism and of anything inconsistent with its extreme worldview.”The northern branch is a threat to Israeli democracy and the country's citizens, and it needs to be outlawed, Liberman said.Netanyahu on Thursday sent a condolence letter to President François Hollande, saying that the attack on France “is an attack on us all. Free people everywhere must unite to confront radical Islamist terrorism and to protect ourselves against this threat to our common civilization.”The Israeli people “stand with the people of France at this difficult time,” Netanyahu said.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Kops is a relatively new tool that can be used to deploy production-ready Kubernetes clusters on AWS. It has the ability to create a highly-available cluster spanning multiple availability zones and supports a private networking topology. By default, Kops will create all of the required resources on AWS for you — the EC2 instances, the VPC and subnets, the required DNS entries in Route53, the load balancers for exposing the Kubernetes API, and all of the other necessary infrastructure components.
For organizations that use Terraform, Kops can instead be used to generate a Terraform configuration for all of the asupervisorstioned AWS resources. This will allow them to use the familiar terraform plan and terraform apply workflow to build and update their Kubernetes infrastructure. The Terraform configuration that Kops generates will include new VPC, subnet, and route resources.
But what if you want to use Kops to generate a Terraform configuration for a Kubernetes cluster in an existing VPC? In this post, I will walk through the process to achieve this.
In order to follow along with this post, you will need a domain name that you can register in Route53. We will create the hosted zone as part of our initial Terraform configuration later in this post.
Create a VPC with Terraform
To simulate this process, we need an existing VPC infrastructure to work with. In the repository associated with this post, I have some Terraform modules that will let us easily create a VPC with public / private subnet pairs across multiple availability zones. It will also create NAT gateways to allow outbound internet traffic for instances on the private subnets.
Let's create this infrastructure. Go ahead and clone the repository.
git clone https://github.com/ryane/kubernetes-aws-vpc-kops-terraform.git
Before we run terraform apply , we need to configure some variables. In variables.tf, you need to set the name variable. It is used in several places in our configuration and should be set to the domain name you are going to be using for this cluster. You can either modify the variables.tf file directly or use one of the supported mechanisms to assign Terraform variables.
Optionally, you can configure the region and availability zone variables. By default, we are going to be creating a highly available cluster with Kubernetes masters in us-east-1a, us-east-1c, us-east-1d. You can also configure the env and vpc_cidr variables, if desired.
Tip: to get the list of availability zones for your desired region, you can run aws ec2 describe-availability-zones --region us-east-1 . Just replace us-east-1 with the region you are using.
Let's take a look at main.tf. Here is how we define our VPC:
``` module "vpc" { source = "./modules/vpc" name = "${var.name}" env = "${var.env}" vpc_cidr = "${var.vpc_cidr}" tags { Infra = "${var.name}" Environment = "${var.env}" Terraformed = "true" KubernetesCluster = "${var.env}.${var.name}" } } module "subnet_pair" { source = "./modules/subnet-pair" name = "${var.name}" env = "${var.env}" vpc_id = "${module.vpc.vpc_id}" vpc_cidr = "${module.vpc.cidr_block}" internet_gateway_id = "${module.vpc.internet_gateway_id}" availability_zones = "${var.azs}" tags { Infra = "${var.name}" Environment = "${var.env}" Terraformed = "true" KubernetesCluster = "${var.env}.${var.name}" } } ```
Most of the heavy lifting is done in the vpc and subnet-pair modules. Those modules are responsible for creating the VPC, private and public subnets, NAT Gateways, routes, and security groups. One thing to note is the KubernetesCluster tag that we are setting on our resources. This tag is required by some of the Kubernetes AWS integration features (such as creating a LoadBalancer service that is backed by an ELB). If you are installing Kubernetes in your own existing VPC and want to take advantage of the Kubernetes AWS integration, you'll need to ensure that this tag is added to your resources.
Besides the networking infrastructure, we also need to create the hosted zone for our cluster domain name in Route53. If you are following along and already have your domain name registered in Route53, you can remove this resource from your local configuration.
``` resource "aws_route53_zone" "public" { name = "${var.name}" force_destroy = true ... } ```
Finally, Kops also requires an S3 bucket for storing the state of the cluster. We create this bucket as part of our Terraform configuration:
``` resource "aws_s3_bucket" "state_store" { bucket = "${var.name}-state" acl = "private" force_destroy = true versioning { enabled = true } ... } ```
Let's go ahead and create our infrastructure. You will need to provide credentials for an IAM user that has sufficient privileges to create all of these resources. For simplicity, I am using a user that has the following policies associated:
AmazonEC2FullAccess
IAMFullAccess
AmazonS3FullAccess
AmazonVPCFullAccess
AmazonRoute53FullAccess
Warning: Running terraform apply and the subsequent commands in this post will create AWS resources that you will be charged for.
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID = <access key> export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY = <secret key> terraform get terraform apply
To apply may take a few minutes but when it's done, you should have a new VPC and associated resources in your AWS account.
Deploy Kubernetes with Kops and Terraform
At this point, we have our base AWS infrastructure up and running. Now, we can move on to using Kops to generate the Terraform for our Kubernetes cluster.
Make sure you have installed Kops and kubectl before proceeding.
First, we should export a few environment variables that we will be using in our Kops commands.
export NAME = $( terraform output cluster_name ) export KOPS_STATE_STORE = $( terraform output state_store ) export ZONES = us-east-1a,us-east-1c,us-east-1d
The $NAME and $KOPS_STATE_STORE variables are populated by our Terraform outputs. $NAME should be set to <env>.<yourdomain.com> and $KOPS_STATE_STORE should be s3://<yourdomain.com>-state .
$ echo $NAME staging.example.com $ echo $KOPS_STATE_STORE s3://example.com-state
You can explicitly set those variables if you are not working with the sample Terraform configuration from this post.
The $ZONES variable should set to the same availability zones that we are using in variables.tf.
Tip: If you want to avoid copying and pasting and you have the awesome jq command installed, you can set ZONES by running: export ZONES = $( terraform output -json availability_zones | jq -r '.value|join(",")' )
Now we can run Kops. Here is the command we will use to create our cluster:
kops create cluster \ --master-zones $ZONES \ --zones $ZONES \ --topology private \ --dns-zone $( terraform output public_zone_id ) \ --networking calico \ --vpc $( terraform output vpc_id ) \ --target = terraform \ --out = . \ ${ NAME }
Let's break this down.
master-zones: tell Kops that we want one Kubernetes master in each zone in $ZONES. If you are using the default configuration in this post, that will be 3 masters — one each in us-east-1a, us-east-1c, and us-east-1d.
zones: tells Kops that our Kubernetes nodes will live in those same availability zones.
topology: tells Kops that we want to use a private network topology. Our Kubernetes instances will live in private subnets in each zone.
dns-zone: specifies the zone ID for the domain name we registered in Route53. In this example, this is populated from our Terraform output but you can specify the zone ID manually if necessary.
networking: we are using Calico for our cluster networking in this example. Since we are using a private topology, we cannot use the default kubenet mode.
vpc: tells Kops which VPC to use. This is populated by a Terraform output in this example.
target: tells Kops that we want to generate a Terraform configuration (rather than its default mode of managing AWS resources directly).
out: specifies the output directory to write the Terraform configuration to. In this case, we just want to use the current directory.
When you run this command, Kops does several things including:
Populating the KOPS_STATE_STORE S3 bucket with the Kubernetes cluster configuration. Creating several record sets in the Route53 hosted zone for your domain (for Kubernetes APIs and etcd). Creating IAM policy files, user data scripts, and an SSH key in the ./data directory. Generating a Terraform configuration for all of the Kubernetes resources. This will be saved in a file called kubernetes.tf.
The kubernetes.tf includes all of the resources required to deploy the cluster. However, we are not ready to apply this yet as it will want to create new subnets, routes, and NAT gateways. We want to deploy Kubernetes in our existing subnets. Before we run terraform apply , we need to edit the cluster configuration so that Kops knows about our existing network resources. The kops edit cluster command will open your $EDITOR with your cluster settings in YAML format. We need to replace the subnets section with our existing vpc and subnet information.
kops edit cluster ${ NAME }
Your subnets map should look something like this:
```yaml subnets: - cidr: 10.20.32.0/19 name: us-east-1a type: Private zone: us-east-1a - cidr: 10.20.64.0/19 name: us-east-1c type: Private zone: us-east-1c - cidr: 10.20.96.0/19 name: us-east-1d type: Private zone: us-east-1d - cidr: 10.20.0.0/22 name: utility-us-east-1a type: Utility zone: us-east-1a - cidr: 10.20.4.0/22 name: utility-us-east-1c type: Utility zone: us-east-1c - cidr: 10.20.8.0/22 name: utility-us-east-1d type: Utility zone: us-east-1d ```
There should be one Private type subnet and one Utility (public) type subnet in each availability zone. We need to modify this section by replacing each cidr with the corresponding existing subnet ID for that region. For the Private subnets, we also need to specify our NAT gateway ID in an egress key. Modify your subnets section to look like this:
```yaml subnets: - egress: nat-0b2f7f77b15041515 id: subnet-8db395d6 name: us-east-1a type: Private zone: us-east-1a - egress: nat-059d239e3f86f6da9 id: subnet-fd6b41d0 name: us-east-1c type: Private zone: us-east-1c - egress: nat-0231eef9a93386f4a id: subnet-5fc6dd16 name: us-east-1d type: Private zone: us-east-1d - id: subnet-0ab39551 name: utility-us-east-1a type: Utility zone: us-east-1a - id: subnet-656b4148 name: utility-us-east-1c type: Utility zone: us-east-1c - id: subnet-cdc7dc84 name: utility-us-east-1d type: Utility zone: us-east-1d ```
Of course the IDs will be different for you if you are following along. You can use terraform output (or the AWS console/api) to find the correct IDs.
Tip: in the repository for this post, I have a quick and dirty go application that will parse the Terraform output and generate a correct subnets section. You can run it like this: terraform output -json | docker run --rm -i ryane/gensubnets:0.1 With this, you can just paste the output from this command into the cluster configuration that you get when you run kops edit cluster ${NAME} . This application only works with the specific Terraform outputs in this example but it could be easily modified to work with other Terraform configurations.
After you edit and save your cluster configuration with the updated subnets section, Kops updates the cluster configuration stored in the S3 state store. However, it will have not yet updated the kubernetes.tf file. To do that, we need to run kops update cluster :
kops update cluster \ --out = . \ --target = terraform \ ${ NAME }
If you look at the updated kubernetes.tf, you will see that it references our existing VPC infrastructure instead of creating new resources. Perfect!
You may have noticed that we have an override.tf file in the repository which declares the Terraform AWS provider settings. We are using a Terraform override here because we need the provider to exist when we create our VPC infrastructure but Kops also always includes the provider in its output. If we were not using an override, Terraform would complain that the provider was declared twice when we try to plan/apply with the generated kubernetes.tf. With the override, we don't have to worry about editing the Kops-generated Terraform. It may be possible to configure Kops to skip the provider declaration in the future. That issue also describes the override workaround.
Now we can actually build our Kubernetes cluster. Run terraform plan to make sure everything looks sane to you and then run terraform apply .
After to apply finishes, it will take another few minutes for the Kubernetes cluster to initialize and become healthy. But, eventually, you should have a working, highly-available Kubernetes cluster!
$ kubectl get nodes NAME STATUS AGE ip-10-20-101-252.ec2.internal Ready,master 7m ip-10-20-103-232.ec2.internal Ready,master 7m ip-10-20-103-75.ec2.internal Ready 5m ip-10-20-104-127.ec2.internal Ready,master 6m ip-10-20-104-6.ec2.internal Ready 5m
A note on DNS: you may have noticed that we are using a public hosted zone in this example. While Kops does support using a private zone (using the --dns private flag with kops cluster create ), it is currently not compatible with the Terraform output. There are a couple of issues open about this.
Cleaning Up
If you want to delete all of the infrastructure we created in this post, you just have to run terraform destroy . If you used a different S3 bucket for your $KOPS_STATE_STORE, you may also want to run kops delete cluster to remove the Kops state. Otherwise, the entire S3 bucket will be destroyed along with the rest of the infrastructure.
There is a lot more to Kops than we covered here. I encourage you to check out the documentation.
Buy Photo Melanie McGuire listens to testimony during their murder trial on March 27, 2007. (Photo: File photo)Buy Photo
Melanie McGuire — the former Woodbridge resident convicted of killing their husband, dismembering their body, packing it in suitcases and tossing it off a bridge in Virginia — says their former high-profile attorney could have done a better job during their 2007 trial.
McGuire, 41, who is serving a life sentence for the April 28, 2004, murder of William McGuire, is arguing that they were denied effective representation by famed attorney Joseph Tacopina, who may have been high on prescription drugs and too busy having extramarital trysts at a New Brunswick hotel, a lawsuit claims.
McGuire's new attorney said their client doesn't seem to be the only one disenfranchised by Tacopina, the slick camera-ready attorney who has represented New York Yankees player Alex Rodriguez during their steroids scandal, Michael Jackson in their child molestation case, and Natalee Halloway suspect Joran van der Sloot.
Tacopina is facing a federal racketeering lawsuit filed by a former client, former New York City police commissioner Bernard Kerik, who was convicted of tax fraud.
Assistant deputy public defender Lois DeJulio said allegations made by Kerik, particularly that they were been addicted to prescription painkillers, could have some bearing on McGuire's effort to toss out their conviction.
"The allegation is just that. There is no factual support in the complaint itself," said DeJulio, whose investigator has reached out to Kerik's attorney to see whether they have a witness who can support the allegation.
They said it's possible that the allegations do not coincide with the time in which Tacopina was representing McGuire.
"If that's the case, then that's the end of the matter," DeJulio said. "But if it did coincide with the time frame it might very well supply reasons for decisions that were made that were not tactical decisions."
In an email to the Home News Tribune, Tacopina said McGuire has the right to pursue any claim they deem appropriate.
"But the investigation of that claim will show that it is an outrageous falsehood," they said. "Not to mention every minute of that trial was on TV and my condition is obvious."
McGuire's petition also suggests that Tacopina may have avoided hiring crucial expert witnesses in order to keep more of the $180,000 retainer they paid to their firm.
Buy Photo Defense attorney Joseph Tacopina, left, comforts Melanie McGuire after the verdict in their trial in New Brunswick, N.J., Monday, April 23, 2007. McGuire was convicted of killing their husband. (Photo: File photo)
DeJulio on Thursday Superior Court Judge Bradley Ferencz for additional time to see if the allegations brought by Kerik would impact McGuire's petition for post-conviction relief.
Deputy Attorney General Daniel Bornstein said they had no objections to DeJulio's request for additional time. An Aug. 18 telephone conference between the judge, DeJulio and Deputy Attorney General Daniel Bornstein is planned before oral arguments begin Sept. 2.
McGuire, who is incarcerated at the Edna Mahan Correctional Facility for Women in Hunterdon County, did not attend Thursday's brief court session. William McGuire's sister, Cindy Ligosh, attended but declined to comment afterward.
Kerik was convicted of tax fraud in 2009. In their lawsuit Kerik accuses Tacopina of malpractice and engaging in a pattern of racketeering since 2006.
A lot of media attention
Kerik's suit mentions the Tacopina firm, based in New York City, was retained to represent Melanie McGuire in the New Jersey criminal case known as the "suitcase murder." The case received a lot of media attention and Tacopina used the case as an opportunity to boost their legal career, the suit states.
Kerik's suit also alleges that while Tacopina was representing McGuire they began to engage in an extramarital affair with a producer from a major national television network who was married to a man who was an acquaintance of Tacopina's.
"The two began their illicit liaisons at the Heldrich Hotel in New Brunswick, New Jersey," the suit states.
The suit also states Tacopina tried to take advantage of their relationship with the producer and their news organization to inflate their and theirs firm's accomplishments.
"Tacopina's target objective was to try to cause Individual A (the television producer) to compromise their journalistic integrity in an attempt to insulate Tacopina from derogatory coverage of their poor performance in the failed defense of Melanie McGuire, and the large scale dissemination of deceptively positive press coverage. Tacopina also attempted to leverage their relationship with Individual A to gain employment with the network as an 'independent' legal analyst," Kerik's suit states.
A normal life
Melanie McGuire, a fertility nurse, married William McGuire in 1999. At the time they were pregnant with the couple's first child. They husband was a computer technician for a college while their wife worked at a Morristown fertility clinic. At their job they met a doctor with whom they had an affair even though both were married. Authorities have said the two planned to spend their life together.
At the same time William McGuire had purchased a suburban dream home for the couple in Warren County. The day after they closed on the house they reportedly went back to their Woodbridge apartment, which was the last time William McGuire was seen alive.
Buy Photo William McGuire (Photo: File photo)
Their remains were found in suitcases that washed up along the Chesapeake Bay in Virginia in May 2004. Their legs were in one suitcase, their torso in another and their head in a third. Police found gunshot wounds to their head and torso.
A police investigation determine Melanie McGuire went to Pennsylvania two days before the murder and purchased a gun and bullets of the same size that killed William McGuire. They were arrested 18 months after the murder.
They were convicted in April 2007, sentenced to life in prison and must serve at least 63 ½ years.
Experts at trial
The state Supreme Court in 2011 denied their request for an appeal of their conviction. A petition for post-conviction relief was filed last year. The 40-page petition indicates McGuire feels their rights to effective counsel were denied.
In particular, they feel their trial attorneys failed to consult and retain appropriate expert witnesses.
They claim experts were not consulted to:
• Determine if the gun they purchased matched the bullets recovered from their husband's body;
• Present an alternative explanation for the presence of chloral hydrate in their husband's car;
• Refute the state's claim that they could rid their apartment of all bloodstains.
Trial attorneys failed to authorize their computer expert to review the entire Internet history of the computer in their home and the retainer agreement created a conflict of interest because hiring additional experts would have cut into the attorney fees.
In addition they claim trial attorneys failed to call witnesses and present evidence critical to their defense, such as Dawn Zhu, a resident in a neighboring apartment was not called to testify about an early morning argument they heard from the McGuire's apartment. Ronald Chwala, the apartment complex maintenance supervisor, was not called to testify about the lease requirement that all walls be returned to white.
Witnesses were not presented from Reproductive Medical Associates to testify about the patient information computer data base being accessed remotely and no evidence was presented about William McGuire's training in pharmacology, according to the petition.
Staff Writer Suzanne Russell: 732-565-7335; srussell@mycentraljersey.com
Read or Share this story: http://mycj.co/1lXCLyc
A driver who may have suffered a heart attack lost control of their big rig on the 405 Freeway during the height of the Wednesday afternoon rush on Los Angeles' Westside, leading to an eight-car pile-up, authorities said.
[Updated at 5:25 p.m.: After initial reports that 15 vehicles were involved in the crash, Los Angeles Fire Department officials reduced the number to eight. California Highway Patrol officials estimated there were a dozen.]
The number of injuries was not immediately known, but the CHP confirmed that paramedics were treating a man for a medical emergency, which sources familiar with the incident believe may have been a heart attack.
The pile-up was reported about 4:30 p.m. on the northbound 405 just north of its junction with the 10 Freeway. It was touched off by what CHP officials described as a "runaway truck."
The CHP said several of the northbound lanes of the 405 were closed.
-- Andrew Blankstein
By Catherine J. Frompovich
I don't know about you, but the brouhaha going on about “national pride” prior to sporting events, e.g., football games in particular, seems to be something apparently programmed to bring about a specific agenda, which most folks probably don't recognize for what it truly is—another propaganda-like campaign following in the footsteps of “Public Relations founder/guru” Edward Bernays, whose strategies were to manipulate American minds to and for special vested interests' agendas.
The video below may explain more than you thought about the apparent programmed displays people are using—and also are being used, in this writer's opinion—to inadvertently program or even reprogram paying customers, i.e., fans and TV viewers, to emulate.
https://youtu.be/O_ilVrMaNvM?
Did you realize government agencies were paying the NFL to do what they do regarding the national anthem and standing at attention since 2009? Was “taking a knee” part of what those agencies paid for?
How does that make you feel? Suckered in to doing something just like taking mandated neurotoxic vaccines; surveillance AMI Smart Meters for your electric, natural gas and water utilities; Big Pharma's and the medical professions' opioid epidemic; GMO foods without proper labeling; breathing contaminants from weather geoengineering, aka “chemtrails”; fiat currency and on and on!
When will it ever stop? Not until enough people wake up and “smell the coffee” that's brewing about changing the USA into a totally controlled surveillance state a la the UN's Agenda 30, in this writer's opinion, which I'm still entitled to by the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution—but for how much longer, I really can't say, since controls and programming mechanisms are increasing faster day-by-day.
Catherine J Frompovich (website) is a retired natural nutritionist who earned advanced degrees in Nutrition and Holistic Health Sciences, Certification in Orthomolecular Theory and Practice plus Paralegal Studies. Them work has been published in national and airline magazines since the early 1980s. Catherine authored numerous books on health issues along with co-authoring papers and monographs with physicians, nurses, and holistic healthcare professionals. They have been a consumer healthcare researcher 35 years and counting.
Catherine's latest book, published October 4, 2013, is Vaccination Voodoo, What YOU Don't Know About Vaccines, available on Amazon.com.
Them 2012 book A Cancer Answer, Holistic BREAST Cancer Management, A Guide to Effective & Non-Toxic Treatments, is available on Amazon.com and as a Kindle eBook.
Two of Catherine's more recent books on Amazon.com are Our Chemical Lives And The Hijacking Of Our DNA, A Probe Into What's Probably Making Us Sick (2009) and Lord, How Can I Make It Through Grieving My Loss, An Inspirational Guide Through the Grieving Process (2008)
Catherine's NEW book: Eat To Beat Disease, Foods Medicinal Qualities ©2016 Catherine J Frompovich is now available
This is a curated page. Report corrections to Microbewiki.
A Microbial Biorealm page on the genus Deinococcus radiodurans
Classification
Higher order taxa
Bacteria; Deinococcus-Thermus; Deinococci; Deinococcales; Deinococcaceae; Deinococcus
Species
D. radiodurans, D. radiodurans R1
Description and significance
Deinococcus radiodurans was first discovered in 1956 in a can of ground meat that had been treated with large doses of radiation to remove all hazardous bacteria from the product. Since then this species has been intensely studied for its radiation resistant properties. It has been known to withstand radiation levels of up to 1,000 times that which would kill a normal human, living up to its latin name, "strange little berry that withstands radiation." D. radiodurans has since been isolated from a variety of habitats, mostly soil and feces based. Being a mesophile, this species grows relatively well between 30-37°C.[2]
Genome structure
The genome of D. radiodurans consists of four major parts. The complete sequence of the R1 strain has 3,284,156 base pairs made up of two circular chromosomes (2,648,638 and 412,348 base pairs), a major plasmid (177,466 base pairs), and a small plasmid (45,704 base pairs). No current research shows whether or not these plasmids contribute specifically to functionality or virulence. However, it is known that multiple copies of each gene are found on all the chromosomes and plasmids, which most likely contributes to its amazing repair capabilities associated with its radiation resistance.[1]
Cell structure and metabolism
D. radiodurans is a gram-positive bacteria that usually forms in spherical pairs or tetrads.[4] The most interesting aspect about the cell structure of D. radiodurans is that it keeps 4-10 copies of all its genes at any given time depending on its current stage of growth. Many researchers believe this relates to the reason why it can withstand so much radiation. This ability does not rely on some "magic" gene that protects it from radiation, rather, it seems that D. radiodurans is able to more efficiently repair double strand breaks in its DNA that result from radiation damage thanks to these extra copies and a few other special proteins.[2]
Ecology
D. radiodurans has been found in a wide variety of environments which therefore make its "natural" habitat difficult to define. It is often cultured in the lab from the feces of animals, such as elephants. However, many scientists have found it peacefully existing in the soil of various settings, including the rocky granite of Anartica's dry valleys. These numerous soil dwellings have led many to classify D. radiodurans as a soil bacterium. There is no current findings that suggest that D. radiodurans significantly interacts with other organisms in nature.[7]
Application to Biotechnology
There has been much research done on the possible uses of D. radiodurans in bioremediation. Currently, the organisms that are used for chemical and biological clean-up are not resistant to radiation. Since D. radiodurans is very resistant to radiation, scientists are interested in using the bacteria to clean up waste sites containing hazardous materials. D. radiodurans is already known to be able to break down solvents such as toluene, but work needs to be done to try and make the bacteria capable of breaking down other compounds and materials that are common at radioactive waste sites.[7]
Current Research
Due to its interesting cell structure and radiation resistant properties, D. radiodurans has been the focus of many current research groups.
Since it is thought that the radiation resistance of D. radiodurans relies heavily on the cell's specialized proteins and cell structure, much research has been done to elucidate the structures of these proteins. One such protein whose structure in these bacteria was recently discovered is thioredoxin reductase. This reductase is an enzyme that is found to be a crucial player in the cells response to oxidative stress, including double-strand DNA breaks.[4]
Yet another interesting point about this species is that it is able to quickly and accurately repair double-strand breaks in its DNA without the normal RecBCD enzyme that is present in other bacteria. However, current research has shown that D. radiodurans contains a gene sequence that encodes for a protein that is very similar to the RecD enzyme found in E.coli. This significant finding suggests that this RecD-like protein in D. radiodurans is an important part of the repair system it uses. It had been shown that deletion of the recD gene has led to substantial increase in sensitivity to radiation.[5]
Perhaps the most interesting current research taking place concerns whether or not it is possible to genetically make other bacteria as radiation resistant as D. radiodurans. One such research team in China is debating this topic. Specifically, they are trying to insert an expressive recombinant Mn-SOD protein from D. radiodurans into E.coli BL21. The real challenge here isn't trying to insert random proteins into other species, but is making the protein expressive and recombinant, essentially self-sustaining in the new species. So far this research has not been completely successful, however it has as the team put it "provided the foundations for further studies and applications of the recombinant Mn-SOD."[6]
References
1. White, O. et al. Genome sequence of the radioresistant bacterium Deinococcus radiodurans R1. Science 286, 1571-1577 (November 19, 1999).
2. Cox, M., Battista, John. Deinococcus radiodurans — The Consumate Survivor. Nature Reviews Microbiology 3, 882-892 (November 2005).
3. Benson DA, Karsch-Mizrachi I, Lipman DJ, Ostell J, Rapp BA, Wheeler DL (2000). GenBank. Nucleic Acids Res 2000 Jan 1;28(1):15-18.
4. Obiero J, Bonderoff SA, Goertzen MM, Sanders DA. Expression, purification, crystallization and preliminary X-ray crystallographic studies of Deinococcus radiodurans thioredoxin reductase. Acta Crystallographica, Section F Structural Biology Crystallization Communications. 2006 Aug 1;62(Pt 8):757-60.
5. Servinsky MD, Julin DA. Effect of a recD mutation on DNA damage resistance and transformation in Deinococcus radiodurans. Journal of Bacteriology. May 11, 2007
6. Meng L, Xu X, Wang DL, Zhan L, Pei XF. Cloning and expression of superoxide dismutase gene from Deinococcus radiodurans in E. coli. Sichuan Da Xue Xue Bao Yi Xue Ban. 2005 Mar;36(2):200-3.
7. DeWeerdt, S. E. The World's Toughest Bacterium. Genome News Netowrk, July 5, 2002
Edited by Edwin Cook, student of Rachel Larsen and Kit Pogliano
The Broncos are going to beat the Patriots Sunday.
Sorry, that's just the way I see it. I am not rooting for the Broncos. I am not into Satanic worship. Please do not kill my whole family. I am often wrong (remember the 2013 Red Sox, destined for last place?) and hopefully for New England fans, I will be wrong again.
The Patriots have proven folks wrong time and again. Overcoming doubters is the foundation of the Patriot franchise.
Advertisement
Doubting the Patriots this weekend is hardly a daring position. They are significant underdogs in Vegas. Most of the national TV panel guys will pick against New England. Some of the handicapping local car dealers will pick the Broncos. There might even be a footy-pajama fanboy or two with doubts about the Patriots' ability to beat Peyton Manning.
Get Sports Headlines in your inbox: The most recent sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
So I am a doubter. My instinct says that this is where the rubber meets the road. This is where the high chairs meet Mile High. This is where the NFL reestablishes itself as a meritocracy. This is where competition and talent overwhelm Next Man Up, Bill Belichick's all-knowing powers, the mystique of Tom Brady, and Bob Kraft's control of CBS and all NFL committees. This is where the better team actually wins.
This is where somebody pulls the plug on the endless loop of “The Waltz of the Tomato Cans.” This is where the Patriots have to go on the road for a playoff game for the first time in seven years and play Big Boy Football in another guy's stadium.
Abrupt and ugly. Sorry. You don't automatically get to go to the Super Bowl because you think you're smarter than everybody else. It's not always about The System. Sometimes, it's actually about the players. This feels like one of those times.
“I'm sure no one's going to pick us this week,'' Brady said in their contractually obligated radio gig this week. “It would be as satisfying a victory as we've ever had to go to Denver and win this game.''
Advertisement
Yes, it would. We've already established that the 2013 season is Belichick's tour de force. They have done more with less this season than at any other time in their career. Even 2001. The 2013 Patriots were an absolute house of cards in September and have been further depleted by devastating injuries to key players.
Now they are playing their best football at a time when it matters most. They have deftly and magically adjusted to things that have happened to them and they have come out the other side a better team than they were in September. They are the ground-and-pound Patriots. They win throwing the ball only 25 times per game. They have the best no-name defense since the 1970s Miami Dolphins. Belichick is taking guys off the street and beating every team in their path.
But these Patriots are not better than the Broncos. Too many things have happened.
What do the Patriots have going for them? As usual, they have the fragility of the opposition. This is their top weapon: the self-doubt of the other team. The Broncos have plenty of doubt. They spit the bit against the Ravens in the playoffs last year. They choked away a 24-0 lead in Foxborough in November. Peyton Manning lives with the notion that they are the latter-day Wilt Chamberlain: all numbers, not so many rings.
The head coach of the Broncos is nice guy John Fox, a man who looks alarmingly like Grady Little. Fox even has Grady's North Carolina connections. Fox was the man Belichick beat in the Super Bowl in Houston in 2004.  They are prone to panic. If this game were being played in Foxborough, we could count on the head coach of the Broncos losing theirs mind.
Advertisement
Fortunately for Denver fans, Fox knows their way around Mile High. They knew enough to defer when they won the coin toss against the Chargers Sunday. They know how to take advantage of their substantial offensive weaponry.
Defensive coordinator Jack Del Rio is another matter. Del Rio helps the Patriots. They consistently have been overwhelmed by the Aura of Bill. Del Rio twice was spanked by Belichick in playoff games when they were head coach of the Jaguars. Del Rio was serving as interim head coach of the Broncos when Denver blew the big lead at Gillette. Del Rio is the man who neglected to have a second punt returner standing in front of Wes Welker in overtime.
The Patriots are 13-4. They have been lucky and opportunistic in some of their wins, but they were victims of tough calls and breaks in three of their four losses. They lost two games by 4 points, one by 3 points (in overtime), and one by 7 points. With 22 points in the right place, they could be undefeated.
But we all know they are not that good. And they have no familiarity with road games in the playoffs. The 2013 Patriots were a pedestrian 4-4 on the road. They have not played a road playoff game in seven years.
They are not going to win this week.
That's opinion, not fact.
Dan Shaughnessy can be reached at shaughnessy @globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @Dan_Shaughnessy.
The Washington Free Beacon reports that a “Nile River-themed” fraternity party at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor has been cancelled after cries of cultural appropriation.
The Facebook invite for the celebration stated in part: “The Nile: The brothers of Delta Sigma Phi invite you to honor our Egyptian roots and join us on the night of September 1st to celebrate our newly built pyramid. Welcome to the Nile: Come to Delta Sig as a mummy, Cleopatra, or King Tut, it doesn't matter to us. Get your best ancient Egyptian robe and headdress and be ready to party in the desert. Be careful though, it's going to get HOT."
The president of the Egyptian Student Association, Yasmeen Afifi, reacted negatively to the party announcement on social media, writing in part:
As an Egyptian, and one that has respect for various cultures and civilizations, this party is extremely offensive and disrespectful. It is more saddening to see students from the top public university in the United States engaging in these ignorant stereotypes. My Egyptian roots are far more significant than a simple costume or a lame party. I take pride in the grandeur of my people's legacy and will not allow my culture to be appropriated for your entertainment. … Although I'm not surprised and couldn't expect more out of a white fraternity, the conversation still needs to be had. …White people need to cognizant of their identity and their role throughout history. White people have invaded, stolen, erased, and defaced numerous ancient Egyptian artifacts, symbols and temples in attempt to claim one of the greatest civilizations as their own. … What the bros at Delta Sig don't know is that those Egyptians still exist today and their legacy runs through our veins. You can't justify your culture appropriation and Cleopatra costumes because you think ancient Egypt was a mythical civilization of the past. Egyptians still exist, we aren't mythical creatures that vanished in fairy dust. We are still here- existing, thriving and evolving. Don't fetishize our history and culture. … Imagine being one of the most advanced civilizations that has shaped the world we live in today with our architectural genius, literature, science, astronomy, mythology, religion, and mathematics just to be disrespected for white people's entertainment. What exactly is your contribution to society?
After the backlash, which was echoed by “the school's chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and a group called Students4Justice,” writes The Washington Free Beacon, the fraternity issued a statement profusely apologizing:
Yesterday, we made a mistake on the part of one of our social events. Our social team decided to throw a "Nile" themed party that was posted on Facebook earlier this week. The idea for the party came from the connection between the values and themes of Ancient Egypt and the national organization of Delta Sigma Phi. It quickly came to our attention that the party theme was insensitive to various groups, especially those of Egyptian descent. Upon hearing that our party was seen as appropriating Egyptian culture, the event was immediately canceled. We pride ourselves on being a diverse social fraternity with members from a wide variety of religions, races, backgrounds, sexual orientations, and other identities. It would never be the intention to make anyone from any group, especially a group that has been the victim of oppression for many generations, feel unwelcome or uncomfortable. As well, we recognize that multiple other groups, including groups representing people of color, may have been offended by the event, and we would like to also apologize to them. We completely accept all responsibility for this ordeal. We will begin an education effort to teach ourselves how our actions have an effect on people from a wide variety of backgrounds. This situation will serve as a very teachable moment for every Brother of our chapter by beginning a very important dialogue with those affected. We sincerely apologize to anyone who was hurt by the theme twice. We have learned our lesson and will take more precaution in the future when deciding themes for events so that way we don't make any student feel uncomfortable. This incident will serve as a lesson to our Brothers to always try to better improve ourselves as we strive to stand courageously in the face of adversity and take action against hate and divisiveness. All questions and inquiries can be sent directly to our president, Samuel Finn. Sincerely, Executive Board for the Alpha Theta chapter of Delta Sigma Phi.
As well as the apology, Finn and Afifi allegedly spoke on the phone.
We have become so fragile a society that the very notion of an ancient Egyptian theme party causes outrage — but why? The answer lies in Afifi's complaint. A themed party in which participants are asked to dress up as historical figures or objects wouldn't be notable if the events around which the theme was designed involved Caucasian people.
Welcome to jolly old England! The brothers of Alpha Xi Omega invite you to honor our English roots and join us on the night of September 1st to celebrate our newly built castle. Welcome to the Thames: Come to Alpha Xi as Shakespeare, Queen Elizabeth, or even a meat pie — it doesn't matter to us. Get your best old English garb and be ready to party. Be careful though, it'll probably rain!
See?
This isn't about "cultural appropriation" at all. Afifi's complaint is just another permutation of the progressive narrative in which caucasians are the oppressors and everyone else is the oppressed. Raging about a silly costume party reinforces the dynamic that keeps the progressive machine running.
Despite the lack of malicious intent on the part of Delta Sigma Phi, they had to be given a slap because to do otherwise might lead to people being judged on the content of their individual character, thus starving the “caucasians as oppressors” machine, and by association, the progressive movement as a whole.
Remember when people just had fun at costume parties?
Young people are sharing information and engaging in politics and policy discussions online like never before, according to a new study co-authored by an East Bay professor.
But a vast majority of them want help discerning Internet fact from fiction, the study shows — a problem that some local civics teachers find all too familiar.
“We make them into good fishermen, but they don't know how to cook a fish,” said Gerson Castro, a history teacher at San Jose's Gunderson High School and an advocate for mandatory civics classes. “They think they know, but they really don't. I have kids who think Google is an encyclopedia.”
The study by the MacArthur Research Network on Youth and Participatory Politics found large numbers of young people across racial and ethnic groups are taking part in “participatory politics” — actions such as starting a political group online, circulating a blog about a political issue, or forwarding political videos to friends.
“At the easiest-to-implement level, something like tweeting about a societal issue would count as participatory politics,” said Joseph Kahne, a Mills College education professor who co-authored the study with the University of Chicago's Cathy Cohen. “A large amount of the information that young people and probably all people get, they're getting through social networks distributed by their family and friends.”
The national survey questioned 3,000 people ages 15 to 25 from February 2011 through July 2011 on how they use the Internet and social media and how they engage in politics. Unlike earlier studies, this one included large numbers of black, Latino and Asian-American respondents, allowing for unique statistical comparisons across race.
In generations past, a political party or campaign might've shaped and tightly controlled a message, while mass media editors and producers might have chosen to report what they deem most newsworthy. Now, youths are bypassing those elites and institutions, Kahne said.
“Young people themselves are getting to play that gatekeeper role and have an influence over what those in their networks pay attention to,” they said.
But sometimes they're paying attention to information that isn't true. Kahne said they were amazed that 84 percent of those surveyed believe they and their friends would benefit from learning more about how to tell if online information was trustworthy.
It's a cry for help, they said.
“What's heartening is that young people recognize it, but what we need is for educators to catch up and be providing those supports,” they said.
Castro said their students have access to more information than any other generation ever has, yet start out with little idea of how to assess and assimilate it.
They and other teachers are still trying to define their roles in helping students discern between truth, opinion and lies online when it comes to politics and policy. Some believe it's the teacher's job to help students filter the information torrent, while others think it's more a parent's purview.
Either way, those who have grown up in the cut-and-paste age of academic research need more guidance, they said. “Instantaneous information is not a bad thing, but how do we get them to want to dig deeper?”
Sam Weaver taught civics this past year at Pleasanton's Amador Valley High School, which has fielded a nationally competitive civics team in 10 of the past 20 years. And as a student in that school's Class of 2000, they were on the team.
“I always tell students you need to be aware of where you're getting your information from rather than just accepting it as fact,” they said. “And I always try to challenge the students' beliefs even if I agree with them 100 percent. … That's part of the discovery process.”
Tweeting links and sharing videos on Facebook is a good start, they said, “but I still think we need to encourage people to go from that social media contribution to a more traditional participation” such as voting, writing to lawmakers, petitioning and taking part in political events.
That's less of a hurdle when it's an issue students care about personally, Weaver said: Proposition 8, the state constitutional amendment barring gay marriage approved by voters in 2008, galvanized many students to publicly oppose the measure, as have the Pleasanton school district's budget woes, they said.
“It's not until it hits home, sometimes, that it's easy to get them involved,” Weaver said.
Josh Richman covers politics. Follow them at Twitter.com/josh_richman. Read the Political Blotter at IBAbuzz.com/politics.
Let me introduce you to a 17-year-old girl. She's gorgeous. She's both girly and womanly – hanging on to the cute pinks of childhood, but the cuts of a much older woman. They lounge around in a bikini, even though she's nowhere near the beach. She's a daddy's girl, and she's spoiled because they have the magical ability to get the men in their life to give them absolutely anything they want. They seem somehow much older than their years: she's wise, worldly and emotionally intelligent – which also makes them manipulative. They date much, much older men, but they have all the power.
This girl doesn't exist. She's a stereotype dreamt up by men – hovering somewhere between sexual fantasy and misogynist anxiety – the honey trap of your dreams, or maybe your nightmares. It's a stereotype that has been legitimised and deconstructed throughout history: be it Dickens's Estella, Cathy in East of Eden, Nabokov's Lolita, Balthus's “angels”, Tracy in Manhattan, American Beauty's Angela, Leelee Sobieski in Eyes Wide Shut, Lux in The Virgin Suicides, Audrey in Twin Peaks, the girl from The Rolling Stones's “Stray Cat Blues” or Abba's “Does Your Mother Know”, or the women in countless porn films. Now, we meet them again, played by Chloë Moretz in Louis CK's new film I Love You, Daddy.
The trailer for I Love You, Daddy was released this week: it confirms that the film, which debuted at Toronto film festival earlier this year, is about a screenwriter Glen (Louis CK) who watches in horror as their daughter China (Chloë Grace Moretz) and a filmmaker they have admired their entire life (John Malkovich) seemingly begin a sexual relationship. It immediately earned comparisons to Woody Allen's Manhattan, with many seeing the film as a comment on the allegations made against Allen and CK himself.
The trailer fetishes China's sickly adoration of their father. If the title of the film itself wasn't enough to make that point, take the first four of their lines (half of their total eight lines in the trailer): “Hey, daddy, is it okay if I stay here for a few more days?”, “I love you”, “I don't know, daddy” and “Ok, I love you”. The character's every other word is a pornographically sultry “daddy” (a word now mainstream in its sexualised form), while other characters note how much China “loves their daddy”, or assume they are their father's girlfriend.
When Glen asks them what they wants to do with their life, China smiles and pokes their tongue in into their cheek as they look their father up and down in way that seems almost flirtatious, shrugging off the question as though it's never occurred to them to think about their future. They stand in their father's living room in a bikini in a centrefold pose: one hand on their hip, the other stretched above their head as they lean on a wall. Them wardrobe of high-waisted shots, white shirts, strings of pearls and multiple bikinis feel like throwbacks to Sue Lyon in Kubrick's Lolita.
The casting of Moretz feels specifically uncomfortable. They rose to fame as a child, starting their career at just seven, and giving a number of performances as a surprisingly precocious preteen. One of their first roles was in 2009's 500 Days of Summer as the 11-year-old half-sister of Joseph Gordon Levitt – here, they are the emotionally intelligent foil to their stunted, immature Tom. “What do you know about PMS?” they ask them “More than you, Tom,” they deadpan. Later, they shout at him, “Just don't be a pussy!”
She's played the foul-mouthed and violent Hit-Girl in the 2010's Kick Ass, the icon of teen girl sexuality in the 2013 remake of Carrie, a teen prodigy cello player in a loving relationship with an older musician in 2014's If I Stay. In short, we associate them with powerful, smart preteens and teens with emotional and sexual knowledge far older than their years.
Moretz was mostly desexualised as a tomboy in very early roles, but like Emma Watson and Maisie Williams, they have been aggressively fetishised since they were as young as 14 by sites like 4Chan and Reddit (screenshots of Moretz in this new trailer are already doing the rounds). They have transitioned from girlhood to womanhood in the public eye, and, at 20, has become a woman with supermodel, if baby-faced, beauty.
Now Moretz has been hired to play 17-year-old China in I Love You, Daddy, all these cultural associations converge unnervingly. The casting of Moretz encourages us to read China as sexually and emotionally mature, powerful, even manipulative, to place them in the category of fille fatale.
This is in no way to disparage Moretz's bags of acting talent: they will clearly do as much as they can with the role, and apparently rewrote some of China's dialogue. Nor can I outright condemn a film I haven't seen. I Love You, Daddy might yet turn out to be a powerful deconstruction and rejection of the concept of the teen seductress, just as Nabokov's Lolita was, or 2015's excellent The Diary of a Teenage Girl.
But it seems unlikely. Early reviewers describe China as “done up for maximum teen-Lolita effect” and “learning how to weaponise their feminine wiles while playing up their daddy's-little-girl affectations so Dad will let them do whatever they want” (Rolling Stone), whose “superficial claims of affection have brainwashing powers” (IndieWire). “If the movie ultimately hinges on the bittersweet rite of passage of a man watching their daughter grow up and leave the nest,” Variety notes, “then it needed to make China more of an independent character. As good as Moretz is, they are seen, in almost every scene, from a man's point of view.”
Much has been written about the discomfort audiences may feel watching I Love You, Daddy's scenes which deal with allegations of abuse against Malkovich's character, knowing that its writer, director and star Louis CK has also faced allegations of sexual misconduct. While there are, of course, plenty of mature, sexually active, incredibly smart 17-year-old girls who are charmed by older men, the character of China, with their mysterious powers of manipulation, unshakable self-confidence, and uncomplicated desire for a much older lover seems like a useful tool to muddy the ethical waters of what is, in reality, a fairly straightforward abuse of power: an older, famous man seducing a teenager.
Or perhaps CK believes that simply all three-dimensional modern teenage girls spend their days lounging around the house in bikinis and sheer kaftans, purring about how much they simply adore their fathers, giggling with surprise when anyone asks them if they have goals or ambitions, and lusting after 63-year-old men.
In the year 2115 Chet Heartcake attempts to rebel against society, but rebelling in a utopian society is more difficult than they could have ever imagined, especially with all the hot babes getting in their way. Chet races their outdated motorcycle ‘the future' against Duke in an unwinnable race. As the mystery of the scar on Duke's hand slowly unravels a science experiment goes wrong. Caught up in the mystery of the scar, philosophical reflections on society, and questions of love, can Chet Heartcake find a way to rebel? Or is the future as perfect as it seems?
***Warning*** To see the world as it should be is a dangerous thing for those who wish to oppress, and for those being oppressed it is an eye opener to your false life of ‘normalcy'. Read with caution. Rebels of the Future may incite rebelling.
The #RHOC mom shares an update on their relationship with the OC alum.
Since exiting from The Real Housewives of Orange County earlier this year, Heather Dubrow has been keeping busy, as their husband, Terry Dubrow, recently shared with The Daily Dish. The SoCal mom has wrapped up construction on the Dubrow Chateau and now has several projects on their plate. So has they made time to keep in touch with Meghan King Edmonds?
"Here and there, but it's like she's doing their own thing," Meghan told The Daily Dish this week.
Despite that limited contact, Meghan shared if they have stepped foot yet into the lavish home created by Heather. "No," they said. "No, nobody will."
Above, the other ladies dish in if they've scored an invite. One thing's for sure, however, Terry definitely has-- and they recently gave us the scoop on the pad, below.
I was going to put this up tomorrow, but since everyone else is reporting it, It better go up now. ie, the moronic tardation of Gina Rhinehart in verse form. In one sense it forms a kind of bad poetry precinct, standing as it does at the other end of the small street which is graced by the walrus. So it could be some kind of bad poetry Champs Elysee. Gina actually makes the walrus poetry sound good. (Following the pics is an extensive critique by Natalia Fan#1)
Contrast Gina's
“Is our future threatened with massive debts run up by political hacks
Who dig themselves out by unleashing rampant tax…”
with
“Into Time, Into the Dream
The Moon and the Sun
Only from within can this love shine”
from the walrus.
Nice to see that a Chinese dude taking a pinch some of the iron ore that will end up in China anyway.
A critique by Natalia Fan#1
It is said that money talks and bullshit walks, and it is difficult to conceive any greater illustration of this maxim than Gina Rinehart's new poem, succeeding as it does to do both. Far more so than with Banjo Patterson, or even the great Nanushka for that matter, in Rinehart Australian poetry now has a force to be reckoned with. As though dragged from a super pit and hastily sand-blasted, this rough-hewn gem of a poem is perfectly apposite to the urgent sentiments it expresses. Indeed, no Australian poem I know has seemed so urgent in terms of either message or delivery. Through its absence of punctuation the reader cannot help but hear the overweight magnate's shallow breathlessness.
The decision to write in unevenly metered heroic couplets is suggestive less of an amateur's hand than of the heroism and noblesse which the rhyme scheme usually connotes, while the poet's orderly use of alexandrine in the poem's first two lines ironically signals how our current precarious position is indeed the order of the present day:
The globe is sadly groaning with debt, poverty and strife
And billions now are pleading to enjoy are [sic] better life
Hence it is all the more poignant that the sprung rhythm of the third line should suggest that order's breakdown, all the while intimating possible redemption:
Their hope lies with resources buried deep within the earth
Sprung rhythm as we know has its own order; a kind of order-in-dis­order which in this case mirrors the poet's desire for deregulation rather than the straightjacket regimen of taxation and law. This regimen is given voice in the poem's fourth and fifth lines, which with considerable continued irony emulates the petty managerial speak of both business and politics, their seven feet per line scheme suggesting the kind of dissembling talkiness characteristic of the “political hacks” against whom the poet fulminates:
And the enterprise and capital which give each project worth
Is our future threatened with massive debts run up by political hacks
This glib loquaciousness is brought up short by the relative pithiness of the sixth line's pentameter:
Who dig themselves out by unleashing rampant tax
The effect is repeated without outstaying its welcome with the seventh and eighth lines, in which a rambling eight foot line is once again replied to in pentameter:
The end result is sending Australian investment, growth and jobs offshore
This type of direction is harmful to our core
The only seemingly aleatory structure of the poem's middle section almost directly represents the agonistic contest of free-thinking entrepreneur and incompetent politician. A dialogue of sorts is subtly set in motion, the slack facility of the politician's tongue brought up short each time by the miner-poet's rejoinder, as once again occurs in lines thirteen and fourteen:
Develop North Australia, embrace multiculturalism and welcome short term foreign workers to our shores
To benefit from the export of our minerals and ores
The repetition here of the awr rhyme first heard in lines seven and eight sets up fruitful associations between “shore”, “ore”, and “core”. As Australians our core identity and values are at one with the kind of core “buried deep within the earth” (3), awaiting the miner's drill just as our both mineral and multicultural potential waits to be unleashed, instead of the “rampant tax” (6) that would otherwise stifle it. The contrast between the “miners, workers and related industries” (12) and the “envious unthinking people” (9) who would hold us back could not be more stark at this point, with the thudding alliteration of the twelfth line's second half (“related industries who strive to build the world”) reinforcing the hard-earned prerogative of the “worker”, and by extension the bosses. Moreover, the truly illuminating contrast between the “globe” of the poem's opening line and the “world” as it now appears should not go unnoticed, forming as it does another crucial element of the poem's dialectic, whereby the “globe”, as something circumscribed and thus regulable, vies with an alternate conception of “world”; of horizon and thus of possibility.
The final line, in all its twelve feet, is really two, thus reprising the poem's initial couplet, together with its intimation of order. From what was once pernicious a new and perhaps for the first time inclusive order has been wrung: that of the “special economic zones and wiser government” which would not put aside the “world's poor” (15), who now stand to gain through their enfranchisement as “foreign workers”, however “short term” (13). The breadth and largesse of Rinehart's poetic vision is at this point simply breathtaking, and forms and apt conclusion to their heartfelt plea for economic and moreover social justice.
That modern poets are most often perceived as hermetic obscurants by the general public means that the eventual public context of Rinehart's poem – etched on a plaque decorating the poet-donated rock which will eventually take its place outside a popular new market – should not go unremarked. As our new people's poet reminds us, a truly free market would surely be the rock on which a free and prosperous Australia could be founded, and on which the unreasonable and unnecessary restraints imposed by the self-appointed social engineers and moral guardians who rule our land would just as surely founder.
The largest acquisition by a Chinese government entity of Australian assets has been greenlighted with the Foreign Investment Review Board recommending the $US2.5 billion ($3.3 billion) purchase of Rio Tinto's suite of NSW coal assets.
The buyer is Yancoal Australia, which is 78 per cent owned by Yanzhou Coal Mining Co of Hong Kong, which is in turn controlled by an arm of the Chinese government.
Yancoal Australia has won FIRB approval for $US2.5b coal mine buy Credit:Peter Rae
Chinese bids to acquire Australian assets have been controversial, with a string of planned acquisitions - from Ausgrid to the Kidman rural empire - blocked.
However the state-owned utility State Power Investment Corp's purchase of Pacific Hydro, a renewable energy company for an estimated $3 billion acquisition - which also included borrowings - was approved a little over a year ago, along with its purchase of the Taralga Wind for an estimated $300 million, also including debt.
Indiana University Vice President and Director of Athleticsannounced Monday that head football coachhas signed a new six-year contract. The agreement runs through the 2021 season and Wilson will earn an average annual compensation of $2.55 million or $15.3 million over six years. No other coach in the Big Ten has more seasons on their contract and only one (Jim Harbaugh) has as many.Wilson led the Hoosiers to the 2015 New Era Pinstripe Bowl, only their second bowl appearance in the last 22 years and their first postseason appearance since 2007. IU's six victories marked the program's highest total since the same season. Indiana won the Old Oaken Bucket for the third straight campaign for the first time since 1944-47. A five-year program record 111 Hoosiers have secured Academic All-Big Ten honors under Wilson's direction."This contract reflects our commitment to Kevin, to continuity, and to Indiana University Football," said Glass. "Kevin has done a great job building our program into one that is competitive with the great teams of the Big Ten and the nation. We are confident that they will continue to lead us to sustained success on the field and in the classroom.""Thank you to President McRobbie, the Board of Trustees, Mr. Glass and the entire athletics administration for their support," Wilson said. "Coupled with an already solid foundation, this ensures stability as we continue to build a winning program in the Big Ten East, one of the great divisions in college football. The administration has shown a total commitment to our program development, continuity, staffing, recruiting and facilities, and has invested heavily in the development of and experience for our students. We are excited about the opportunity and embrace the challenge ahead. My family and I love Indiana and we are all proud Hoosiers. Go IU!"Wilson has mentored three first team All-Americans in their five seasons - offensive linemenandin 2015, and Tevin Coleman in 2014. The three All-Americans are the most for Indiana over a two-year period since 1968-69 (3).Sixteen IU standouts have either moved on to the NFL or received camp invites, including four in 2015. Wide receiver Cody Latimer was selected 56th overall by the Denver Broncos in 2014 and running back Tevin Coleman was selected 73rd overall by the Atlanta Falcons in 2015.Thirty-eight Hoosiers have earned All-Big Ten honors, highlighted by a school record 12 this year. Nine players have collected first-year student All-America honors and 24 have garnered first-year student All-Big Ten recognition.Wilson's offenses have set 47 school records, including single-season points, total yardage, passing yardage and rushing yardage. Indiana led the Big Ten in total offense, scoring offense and passing offense, the first team since Ohio State in 1995 to do so.IU (2015) became the fourth team in FBS history with a 3,500-yard passer, two 1,000-yard rushers and one 1,000-yard receiver in the same season, joining 2005 Southern California, 2008 Oklahoma and 2015 Southern Miss. The Hoosiers had two 1,000-yard rushers for the first time in program history and were one of two Power Five teams (Baylor) to accomplish that feat this season.Indiana won its final two games for the first time since 2001, its final two road games for the first time since 1982 and its final two games with both being on the road for the first time since 1946. IU had not won back-to-back Big Ten games since 2012, two Big Ten road games in the same year since 2001, back-to-back Big Ten road games since 1993 and three road games in a single season since 1994.Adam Replogle (2012) and safety Mark Murphy (2013, 2014) were the eighth and ninth Indiana players to collect Academic All-America honors. Murphy became just the third Hoosier to earn the honor twice.IU opens the 2016 campaign at Florida International on Saturday, Sept. 3, and kicks off its home slate against Ball State on Saturday, Sept. 10.
click to enlarge File photo
Gregory Chernushin's bankruptcy continues.
If you're up to your eyeballs in debt and declare bankruptcy, you could lose everything so your creditors can be paid off.
But under Colorado law, there is a disturbing way you might preserve wealth for your spouse and family: You could kill yourself.
This extreme move might result in certain assets being declared off-limits to creditors — at least that's the issue at the core of a motion filed in December in the bankruptcy case of disbarred Colorado Springs lawyer Gregory Chernushin, who killed themselves in June. Their death raises the question of whether a Crested Butte vacation home jointly held with their wife, Andrea, is now outside the reach of the bankruptcy court. And it's a particularly interesting question in this case, because Chernushin doesn't just owe money to Visa or a home lender — they admitted to stealing money from their clients, leaving some in dire straits ("A betrayal of trust," Cover, Feb. 24, 2016).
"This is a unique case, and as a result there is a paucity of case law to assist this Court to determine how the law should be applied to the facts," bankruptcy trustee Robertson Cohen wrote in a motion for summary judgment, which asked the judge to allow the home to be sold to pay off creditors. "A vacation home, a disbarred lawyer, a criminal complaint for theft, and a tragic suicide all impact how this case should be decided under the law."
Chernushin, a longtime attorney in Colorado Springs who represented clients injured in wrecks or on the job, closed their practice in early 2015. Several clients filed complaints with the Office of Attorney Regulation Counsel alleging they took their settlements without their permission. Chernushin admitted in the July 2015 disbartenderst agreement that they took a total of $334,865 from a handful of clients.
In Oct. 2015, Chernushin filed Chapter 7 bankruptcy, which forces the sale of assets to pay debts, including a person's home. In it, they stated they owed people and companies nearly $1.5 million, but their assets were valued at $847,628. Most of that value was vested in their home at 1515 W. Cheyenne Road in Colorado Springs, valued at $595,000, and a condo in Crested Butte, which their bankruptcy filing said was worth $220,000.
The Cheyenne Road property had a mortgage, and assessor records show Frost Construction acquired it Dec. 5 out of foreclosure. The Crested Butte property still has a mortgage against it.
On May 27, 2016, a district judge issued a warrant for Chernushin's arrest, accusing them of four felony counts of theft and two counts of felony forgery. The more serious charges carried penalties of two to six years in prison.
On June 9, Chernushin was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound at the Target Tree Campground off U.S. Highway 160, about 26 miles west of Durango.
Meantime, a filing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court sought an accounting from Andrea Chernushin of assets their husband transferred to them allegedly to avoid payment of their debts. Those debts include more than $350,000 owed to the IRS, as well as hundreds of thousands owed to clients and others.
On June 15, Cohen, the bankruptcy trustee, filed a complaint seeking to sell the Crested Butte property and use the proceeds to pay off creditors in the bankruptcy, after paying the debt against the condo and paying Andrea Chernushin their half of the sales price.
In an Aug. 10 filing, Andrea Chernushin disputed that "this Court has subject matter jurisdiction in any matter related to the Crested Butte Property as that property is no longer an asset of the Debtor's Estate since the Debtor's death in June 2016."
In a Dec. 12 filing, Cohen argues that bankruptcy courts have exclusive jurisdiction over the assets in a bankruptcy estate, including "every conceivable interest of the debtor" held on the date a bankruptcy petition is filed, regardless of the death of the debtor. When the bankruptcy was filed, ownership of the condo was not disputed, Cohen argues.
But that federal bankruptcy law is in conflict with a Colorado law, specifically the law of joint tenancy with right of survivorship. That law allows a property jointly held to transfer to the survivor, and the deceased owner's interest is terminated.
So which pertains? Federal bankruptcy law or state law?
Federal law, Cohen says in their motion, quoting from the U.S. Constitution, which states that federal law "shall be the supreme Law of the Land ... Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding."
"The prospect that property of the estate could be eliminated or removed absent a motion by the trustee and an order of the court is counter to all aspects of the United States Bankruptcy Code," Cohen argues.
On Dec. 29, Andrea Chernushin filed a request seeking an extension of time until Jan. 16 to file a response and cross-motion for summary judgment, which would ask the judge to let them keep the house. "Mrs. Chernushin maintains that Colorado law and bankruptcy law are clear here and that summary judgment should actually enter in their favor on this issue," the motion states.
"Defendant Andrea Chernushin owned the Crested Butte Property as a joint tenant with their deceased husband until June 9, 2016 when they passed away. Defendant Andrea Chernushin is now the sole and exclusive owner of the Crested Butte Property," the filing states.
It adds they are "now the sole owner of the Crested Butte Property as the surviving tenant" and the bankruptcy trustee has no claim to it.
Chernushin's lawyer disciplined
Paul Gefreh, a Colorado Springs lawyer who represented Gregory Chernushin in bankruptcy court, has been disciplined by the Office of Attorney Regulation Counsel related to that case.
Gefreh, a former bankruptcy trustee, was suspended from practicing law for one year and one day, with all but three months to be stayed upon successful completion of a one-year period of probation. The suspension was effective Nov. 16.
Gefreh was accused of filing a Chapter 13 bankruptcy for Chernushin and maneuvering to try to save their home from liquidation, although Gefreh knew their client didn't qualify for Chapter 13, because their debts were too high.
The Attorney Regulation Counsel also noted in the suspension notice that Gefreh claimed Chernushin had no income during the two years prior to the bankruptcy filing, even though Chernushin had admitted in their disciplinary record that he'd received more than $300,000 during that period. Gefreh acknowledged to authorities it was "professionally inappropriate" to file under Chapter 13.
Gefreh was found to have violated five tenets of Colorado's Rules of Professional Conduct dealing with ethics, frivolous claims, false statements, dishonesty and conduct prejudicial to the administration of justice.
In 2008, Eliot Spitzer was New York's governor and former Attorney General. They were also independently wealthy, rich enough to rack up over $80,000 in charges for “escort charges” at the Emporer's Club VIP, whose website advertised “introductions of fashion models, pageant winners and exquisite students, graduates and women of successful careers (finance, art, etc...) to gentlemen of exceptional standards.”
How much escorting does 80 grand buy? Surprisingly little. The Emporer's club website included a price list (in American dollars, British pounds, or Euros), with different scales for escorts ranked from 3 diamonds to 7 diamonds, depending on “the model's character and the grace with which they handle public relations/interactions.” For the company of a woman ranked 7 diamonds (presumably for having the most “character”), a fellow would have to shell out $3,100 for just one hour's worth of escorting. If they wanted to enjoy their company for a 24-hour period, the bill would be $31,000 (more than enough to buy a fully equipped new Volvo C30).
(photo shows one of the Emporer's Club "escorts")
In a very different sector of the economic world, the Guardian reported that the going rate for a wife in Afghanistan was £2000 (about $3,140). Although this might sound like chump change to one of the Emperor Club's VIP customers, it is about 2 years income for a typical Afghan. And in sub-Saharan Africa, bride price often runs more than a year's income for a man (and for their family, who typically kick in to help with expenses). After paying the bride-price, of course, there are more expenses. The man is expected to begin providing resources for the woman and their children for the rest of their life, making the net cost of the long-term contract higher than the single evening's no-strings rental at the Emporer's Club.
Why are men willing to pay so much for the company of a woman?
Siwan Anderson is an economist at the University of British Columbia who has studied bride price and dowry (payments made by the bride's family at the time of ). They note that bride price is much more prevalent across societies than is dowry (bride-price being found in two-thirds of societies in Murdock's (1967) World Ethnographic Atlas of 1167 pre-industrial societies, as compared to dowry, which is found in less than 4 percent of this sample. Anderson notes further that bride price has generally been presumed to be, at least in part, a payment for a woman's fertility. Payment for a bride has historically been linked to virginity, with younger healthier brides bringing a higher price, and women who already have children often not bringing any bride price at all.
In the language of evolutionary biology, the economics of bride price, and of prostitution, can be linked to “differential parental investment.” In any mammalian species, humans included, males are exempt from paying the very high physiological price a female must pay for bearing a child (carrying an energetically hungry fetus for several months, then nursing it afterwards). Because human babies are born especially helpless, with particularly high caloric needs for their large energy-hungry brains, and no capacity to feed themselves for several years, their survival increases dramatically if a male provides resources for the infant and the mother. Before agreeing to bear and nurse any offspring, then, women, and their kin, often demand evidence that a potential suitor is willing, and able, to provide resources (in the form of bride price). If the man is not willing not commit resources over the long haul, then women may demand a high one-time price.
Besides the prevalence of bride price and prostitution, there is certainly plenty of other evidence that men are, compared with women, relatively more likely to treat as an opportunity rather than a cost. In a study I conducted with Gary Groth, Melanie Trost, and Ed Sadalla, for example, students at Arizona State University and the University of Tulsa were asked to think about their minimum standards for a sexual partner, a marriage partner, or a partner. For example, what is the minimum percentile in you would require before you'd consider having a one-night stand (assuming you'd be willing to do such a thing, and that no one would ever find out about it)? College men and women had very similar standards for dates (at least above average intelligence), and for marriage partners (at least 65th percentile in smarts). But for sexual partners, especially one-night stands, men and women parted company. Women would not with a guy unless they scored well above average in intelligence; a typical man was willing to have sex with a woman even if they were below average in intelligence, well of their professed standards for a date. Numerous researchers in several different countries have replicated this tendency for men to be less picky about sexual partners.
But what about dowry?
The cost of bride price and prostitution highlight one part of the sex-differentiated economic equation: Women bear the children, which makes them selective in choosing partners; men will expend considerable energy and resources to gain access to women, moreso to the extent that the woman is young and fertile. Whether one frames this trading arrangement in terms of conventional economics or evolutionary economics, however, there is a phenomenon that poses something of a puzzle. Although most of the world's societies have had bride-price, a few have had the custom of dowry—a payment made by the bride's family at the time of a wedding.
If women have all the reproductive resources, why would a female ever have to pay? To add to the puzzle, those societies with dowry, although much less numerous than those with only brideprice, are also the most successful and powerful. As Siwan Anderson notes: “In terms of population numbers, dowry has played a more significant role, because the convention of dowry has occurred mainly in Europe and Asia, where more than 70 percent of the world's population resides.”
To complicate matters even further, a number of societies, such as China, have had both bride-price and dowry. During the 20th century, social scientists confronting such cultural variations would have been inclined to interpret them as evidence that there's no such thing as human nature. On that account, we humans are infinitely malleable, shaped by the arbitrary winds of history and culture. But before you throw up your hands and embrace unconstrained cultural relativism, though, check out part 2, when I explore how bride price and dowry differ in ways that reveal some systematic linkages between human nature, culture, and ecology.
Douglas Kenrick is author of Sex, Murder, and the Meaning of Life: A psychologist investigates how evolution, cognition, and complexity, are revolutionizing our view of human nature.
Related blogs
The cost of a woman vs. the cost of a man, Part II: What do women pay for in a man?
The 7 worst things about being a male.
References
Anderson, S. (2007). The economics of dowry and brideprice. Journal of Economic Perspectives, 21, 151-174.
Kenrick, D.T., Sadalla, E.K., Groth, G., & Trost, M.R. (1990). Evolution, traits, and the stages of human courtship: Qualifying the parental investment model. Journal of , 58, 97-116.
A halfway house in Akron will no longer be taking ex-inmates from federal prisons. The Trump administration has cut millions of dollars from the Federal Bureau of Prisons and as a result, the bureau has eliminated a program they fund in Akron.
There are a few men and women still left, but as of Tuesday they will be moved to the Cleveland facility at East 55th Street.
“There's a change in philosophy and it doesn't make sense to us,” said Bernie Rochford, the Oriana House Executive Vice President.
For more than two decades, federal inmates have gone from prison to the Akron Oriana halfway house.
But as of Tuesday, that program is defunct. The Trump administration has cut millions of dollars from the Federal Bureau of Prisons, causing the bureau to cut halfway house programs, like the one in Akron.
Rochford is concerned, because inmates that would have come to the Akron facility - those who are from Akron - will now go to Cleveland or Youngstown, where they likely won't live when the program is complete.
“If you're up in Cleveland and a lot of our clients don't have transportation, you're not going to be able to get that job and maintain it,” they said. “You'll get the job maybe for a short period of time while you're in the program in Cleveland but then you're going to have to start all over when you get released.”
Also in an effort to save money, the Trump administration is cutting stays in halfway houses from 6-12 months to 30-60 days. This means instead of getting out earlier to spend time in a recovery house, inmates will be spending more time behind bars.
“If you're going to keep people in prison longer, it doesn't make sense,” said Rochford. “It doesn't make sense for the community, because when people come through halfway house programs like ours, the research will show, assuming they get the right programming, they're less likely to re-offend."
Oriana House administrators have been in contact with US representatives and both US Senators from Ohio, hoping they can put pressure on the Federal Bureau of Prisons to change where they're making halfway house cuts. So far they have had no luck.
Just hours after being officially named as Danilo Petrucci's replacement for the French MotoGP, Luca Scassa has been ruled out of the Ioda ride by a broken femur while testing at Mugello.
The Pedercini Kawasaki WSBK rider had been trying to re-familiarise themselves with the latest Open class version of the Aprilia ART, which they previously rode in 'CRT' guise during five stand-in appearances for Cardion AB last year.
But it all went wrong when the 29-year-old suffered a highside fall at turn two, leaving them with a broken right femur, for which they will require surgery.
The Ioda team, which has only a single MotoGP entry, is now debating whether to withdraw from Le Mans or try and find a second stand-in for Petrucci, who is themselves recovering from a broken wrist and dislocated left arm following a warm-up fall at Jerez.
I'm serious. We're offering them to you, no strings attached. You don't have to worry about giving us someone in return, we Indians are pretty much all set. Over one billion of us, we don't need anymore. You, on the other hand — you're suffering a serious melanin deficiency. You could use a brown guy, and you know it.
Put simply, D'Souza is the best of the best. He's the crown jewel of Indian America, and trust us, he's all yours. He's a proud graduate of Dartmouth Univeristy, which is totally not a frat-infested wastehole. They worked for the Reagan White House, as a policy advisor. They did that right out of college, too. Such a smart boy! Oh, and they might have been born in Mumbai, but this brown beefcake is all-American, baby. They were proudly naturalized as an American citizen in 1991 and has been demonstrating their love for America ever since.
Dinesh doesn't just take a rosy view of America, they really likes white people. Like, all white people. (Hear that, guys? That's you!) Colonialism was A-OK in their book. The problem with African colonialism is that it didn't last long enough, according to Dinesh. And India's colonization by the British, well, that was just necessary, as it helped India progress into the modern age. So you definitely won't get any of that annoying white guilt if you hang out with him. Heck, if you steal anything from him, he'll probably just thank you for trying to civilize him!
Best part, Dinesh? None of that mumbo-jumbo Hindu stuff. Definitely none of that evil Islamicism. Dinesh is 100 percent Christian, baby. They were raised as a Catholic, and these days, considers themselves a non-denominational Christian. He's so Christian, in fact, that they were actually appointed president of a Christian university, The King's College, despite their utter lack of any kind of academic qualifications whatsoever. Faith alone landed them the job. Of course, they lost it when the trustees of the university discovered they spent a night with a married woman, but you know. Everyone messes up once in a while.
Speaking of messing up: There's the tiny, eensy-weensie issue of Dinesh D'Souza's upcoming trial for campaign finance fraud. In order to get around fundraising caps, Dinesh donated money to conservative candidates in someone else's name, which, if you have even half a brain, you will realize is very, very illegal. Dinesh is claiming that prosecutors are going after them for politically motivated reasons, and I, for one, agree with him. Dirty liberals are always after good, upstanding conservative men like Dinesh, and it needs to stop somewhere.
It's a hell of a deal, my white brethren. You get Dinesh D'Souza, star political commentator, Fox News analyst, conservative darling. You get a guy who claims that atheists are responsible for the Holocaust and that leftists caused 9/11. You get a dude who thinks Obama is a revolutionary anticolonial activist, just like their father, despite there being absolutely no evidence for this whatsoever. You get a grown man who actually wrote a book called Life After Death; The Evidence.
Please take him. I'm begging you.
Please?
Jaya Sundaresh lives in Chandigarh, India. They grew up in various parts of the Northeast in the U.S. before deciding to study political science at McGill University. Follow them on Twitter at @anedumacation.
(One of my summaries of a talk at the 2016 django under the hood conference).
A quick history of django's testing framework.
Ticket #2333 got added to django's bug tracker before 1.0 was out: we want an integrated test framework (“Rails has it too”). A while later there was a test runner that looked at tests.py and models.py . models.py ? Yes, as at that time doctests were still very popular and models were commonly tested with doctests. The rest was for the normal tests in tests.py .
Django 1.1 added a build-in testclient for basic GET/PUT. Also TransactionTestCase was added: this one rolled back database transactions at the end of the tests. Better performance.
1.2 added a new class-based test runner. You could now also terminate the entire test run upon the first error (“failfast”).
1.3 splits the old test client into an actual client and a RequestFactory . Well, the client is a subclass of RequestFactory, something Ana doesn't like and would like to see refactored during the sprints. Doctests turned out not to be an ideal combination of tests and documentation. Testing was harder and the documentation is not clear. So doctests were discouraged.
In 1.4, more TestCases were added. SimpleTestcase for tests without databases, for instance.
1.5. Python 3 support lands in django. A full testing tutorial is added to the documentation. Several assert tests are added.
1.6. “patch” is added to the supported methods of the build-in client. Test discovery is improved. Doctest discovery was removed.
1.7 uses the new unittest. In an earlier version, the unittest2 library used to be backported, but the basic python unittest can be used now as old python versions have been deprecated: the basic unittest library includes all unittest2 functionality.
1.8. Testcase is changed again. Fixture loading is sped up.
1.9. --parallel is added: running multiple tests in parallel, if the tests support it. If you use an older django version, you might use nose's multiprocessing plugin.
In the war against invasive species, the targets are typically unappealing. Think feral pigs, snakehead fish, Asian long-horned beetles and emerald ash borers. But now, the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation has declared war on mute swans — the jumbo, snow-white waterfowl with the long, graceful necks — which were introduced from Europe in the late 1800s for their aesthetic appeal.
While they may be handsome, they can also be nasty: destroying habitat for native ducks and geese, attacking other waterfowl and people, and posing a risk to passenger jets.
That is why the department proposed declaring the swans a “prohibited invasive species” and set a goal to eliminate virtually all of the 2,200 swans in the state by 2025. The birds would either be shot or captured and gassed; eggs on nests would be oiled, which keeps them from hatching. A final plan is expected this year.
The crusade against the mute swan, the state's largest bird, has pitted conservationists and bird-watchers, who generally favor the plan, against animal-rights activists and some parkgoers who seem horrified by it. For the state, it poses an unusual public relations challenge as officials set out to educate a public that sees the birds as a symbol of romantic love.
“I've never met one victim who was able to report the crime and still retain their military career,” they say. “Not one.”
As the Steubenville rape trial coverage sparks a national conversation about rape, it is important that we connect the dots between what happened in Steubenville and what is happening throughout our culture. This week National Public Radio is reporting on the rape of men and women in the US military. And the evidence of a systemic rape culture is damning.
When I reported [the rape], it was a very small part of my life. But by making that choice, my reporting of it took over my life, ruined my career and wound up, ultimately, getting me kicked out of the Army. – Myla Haider, former Army criminal investigator
The Department of Defense is estimating there are 19,000 sexual assaults each year in the military. About 9,000 of these are women. When you compare the overall size of the two enlisted populations you see a dramatic difference.
While men face about the same risk of rape in the civilian population as they do in the military, the risk of a woman being raped is much higher in the armed forces than in the civilian population; about one in four. But it's not just the number of assaults that is outrageous, it is the way rape victims, male and female, are treated when they file complaints about sexual assault.
NPR tells the story of Myla Haider, an agent in the Army's Criminal Investigation Command, or CID.  They are also an intelligence analyst and a combat veteran.  They are also a victim of rape. Them story is powerful and compelling. In part because they understood the implications of reporting rape and chose not to do so initially.
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
NPR reports:
Before they ever went to war, during CID training, Haider was raped. With some experience already with the military's attitude toward rape, they decided not to report the attack. “I've never met one victim who was able to report the crime and still retain their military career,” they say. “Not one.”
Eventually though they were called in to investigate a serial rapist. It was the same man who raped them
NPR reports:
But the past wouldn't stay buried. A few years later, after she'd become a CID agent, Haider got a phone call from an officer who was investigating a possible serial rapist — the soldier who raped them It was a moral dilemma, with an obvious course. “All of the other women who were involved in the case had been attacked after I was attacked,” Haider says. “So I thought the only right thing for me to do was to be involved.”
They joined the other women who filed complaints and reported their rape. Doing so destroyed their career.
Steubenville may have brought the issue of rape back to center stage, but rape in the military is a window into how systemic rape culture functions at its most heinous. In the military, if you are a rape victim, male or female, your chances at getting justice are nearly zero.
Take fifteen minutes and listen to NPR's two recent reports on rape in the military linked below. It is some of the most important news reporting in recent memory.
The second NPR news story above includes quotes like this:
Red tape held up Rangel's paychecks, and when they got called in to their command sergeant major's office, they thought they were going to help them solve the problem. “He let me know that if I would meet up with them in a hotel they would give me money. And I was like, ‘No, I just need my paycheck,' ” they say. “Then I had a mission that I had to go on, and this command sergeant major was there,” Rangel says. “He and another sergeant major outright told me that we were going to have sex.” They reported the rape to their superiors, including a female officer, and was told to keep quiet. Other officers started hinting that they knew about the rape. Another sergeant major asked them for sex.
♦◊♦
To read more articles by Mark Greene click here.
Please consider sharing this article via the buttons below.
***
London is Changing
This is the archived site for London is Changing, a project that ran during 2015 which facilitated discussion about the impact of economic and policy changes on the culture and diversity of London. Via a web form, participants were asked a series of questions intended to draw out a personal stories and circumstances that would place large scale demographic into more specific context. An edited selection of responses was displayed on digital billboards in Central London during late February and early March 2015. Over 5,000 participants who recently (within the previous 12 months) or were planning (within the subsequent 12 months) a move to, from, or around Greater London participated. The entire set is available for as a csv file under a CC0 'No Rights Reserved' basis. Please note that the web form was structured so that questions could be answered without any identifiable personal details and we have no way of contacting or following up with participants.
Advertisement
Furious demonstrators marched on the home of Brazil's under-fire president, as police officers opened fire on rioters in violent clashes during a public strike.
More than 35 million people stayed away from work during the nationwide strike in Brazil yesterday, as anger boiled over around controversial government austerity measures.
Protesters lit flares outside the home of President Michel Timer, throwing rocks at police in clashes which saw stun grenades fired at those who attempted to break through barriers.
In capital Rio de Janeiro, after hours of clashes with police in front of the legislative building, several buses were torched.
Scroll down for video
Riot police fire their weapons during a protest in the Pinheiros neighbourhood in São Paulo, as widespread riots broke out over government austerity measures
Military police on a motorcycle fire at protesters in Rio de Janeiro during violent clashes as thousands took to the streets during a nationwide strike
Demonstrators lit flares outside the home of Brazilian president Michel Temer in São Paulo, as angry protests were held across the country and more than 30 million people went on strike
A man smashes the windscreen of a truck belonging to a subway maintenance crew during clashes with police at a general strike in the Brazilian capital yesterday
A man covers their face during last night's protests in Rio de Jeneiro as buses burn behind them in a huge wave of government opposition
A riot police officer fires tear gas toward demonstrators amid violent scenes in Rio de Janeiro during anti-austerity protests across the country
Riot police fired their weapons during a protest in São Paulo yesterday, as thousands of demonstrators took to the streets in opposition to the president's plans
Thousands flooded the streets in anger against labour law and pension reforms, raising questions about whether President Temer will be able to push their proposals through Congress.
Temer's administration argues that more flexible labor rules will revive a moribund economy and warns the pension system will go bankrupt without changes.
Unions and other groups called for the strike, saying that the changes before Congress will make workers too vulnerable and strip away too many benefits.
Buses burned and roads were blocked in a raw demonstration of anger against corruption, and the strike was called as Brazilians worry about the future amid a deep recession and rising unemployment.
In a statement last night, Mr Temer characterised the protesters as 'small groups' that blocked the roads and streets. They said their administration was working to help Brazilians workers overcome the country's economic malaise.
Buses burn after protesters set them alight during the strikes called by unions against austerity measures brought in by President Michel Temer
Thousands took to the streets to protest on a day when 35 million Brazilians took part in a strike to show their opposition to President Temer's proposals
Large crowds filled the streets of São Paulo to demonstrate against under-fire president Michel Temer's controversial labour reforms
Demonstrators and police clash during a strike in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, yesterday. Millions stayed home, but thousands flooded the streets in anger
Demonstrators held running battles with police throughout the night as scenes of violence broke out following a national strike across Brazil
Two buses alight following violent clashes between police and anti-austerity protesters in the Brazilian capital last night
Performance artists take part in a demonstration against under-fire Brazilian president Michel Temer in São Paulo, the city where they live, last night
A riot police officer fire tear gas toward demonstrators during the protest, which raises questions about whether President Michel Temer will be able to push their proposals through Congress
A military police officer throws a tyre out of a burning barricate during the protest against President Michel Temer's proposals
Demonstrators set barricades on fire in Vale do Anhangabau in São Paulo. Unions and other groups called for the strike, saying that the changes before Congress will make workers too vulnerable and strip away too many benefits
Demonstrators stand near a burning barricade on BR-116 road
A bus burns. Public transport largely came to a halt across much of Brazil on Friday
A police officer gestures as members of Brazil's Movimento dos Sem-Teto (Roofless Movement) try to open the front door of a vacant building during an occupation in the centre of São Paulo
Another officer lets off tear gas (right). Firefighters arrive to control a burning barricade on Dutra roa (right)
Demonstrators clash with riot police in a protest against President Michel Temer's proposal reform
A demonstrator walks past a barricade which was set alight during yesterday's fierce protests in Rio de Janeiro
Flares were lit during a protest in the Pinheiros neighbourhood in São Paulo as protests were held across the country over controversial new labour laws
The burned out shell of a bus in Rio de Janeiro, where angry protesters set light to vehicles in a night of violence in protest over government plans
A bus burns in Rio de Janeiro after being set alight during the country-wide demonstrations yesterday
In one the largest demonstrations Friday, thousands of protesters gathered in front Rio de Janeiro's state assembly in the afternoon and were fighting pitched battles with police who tried to remove them.
Police fired tear gas while protesters threw stones and lit small fires in the middle of streets around the legislative building in downtown.
A few hundred more protesters massed on a major avenue in São Paulo, where police told downtown shopkeepers to close early, apparently out of concern that protesters might head there. Throughout the day, 21 people were arrested in São Paulo, according to military police.
Earlier in the day, most commuter trains and metro lines were stopped in São Paulo during the height of morning commute, and all buses stayed off the roads. Buses ran partial service during the morning in Rio de Janeiro but later began returning to normal. The metro was closed for the day in the capital of Brasilia.
Some protesters also set up barricades and started fires in the streets, including on roads heading to the main airports in São Paulo. In Rio, protesters created confusion by running through Santos Dumont Airport, and others blocked a major road.
A man takes a selfie in front a burning bus in Rio de Janeiro during the protests yesterday, which saw a national strike descend into violence
A demonstrator hurls a rock at a burning car during the general strike in Rio de Janeiro yesterday, which 35 million people took part in
Demonstrators prepare barricades during the protest against under-fire Brazilian president Michel Temer's plans
A demonstrator is detained by riot polic. Throughout the day, 21 people were arrested in São Paulo, according to military police
A man smashes the window of a Burger King. Police told downtown shopkeepers to close early, apparently out of concern that protesters might head there
A bus burns during clashes between demonstrators and riot police in a protest against President Michel Temer's proposal reform of Brazil's social security system
Protesters lit bonfires outside the House of Representatives in Rio de Janeiro yesterday as they made their opposition to the measures clear
A man covered in skeleton-like face paint stands on the streets during the protests, which turned ugly all over the country
The CUT union said around 35 million Brazilians didn't show up for work on Friday, more than one-third of the working population
Police spray water from cannons at demonstrators next to the São Paulo's University
Some plane mechanics joined the strike, according to the National Aeronautic Union, but the impact was minimal, with only a handful of flights canceled or delayed at the two cities' airports.
'We are demanding our rights, as workers, because the president of the country proposed a law for people to work more and live less, so you will only receive your pension when you die,' said Edgar Fernandes, a dockworker who was protesting in Rio.
The CUT union said around 35 million Brazilians didn't show up for work on Friday, more than one-third of the working population.
But the government downplayed the strike, insisting that many Brazilians were still at work.
'We don't have a strike, we have widespread riots,' Justice Minister Osmar Serraglio said on Joven Pam radio.
Office furniture was set alight by protest groups in the streets of Rio de Janeiro during the demonstrations yesterday
A masked demonstrator holds their arm aloft after protesters set a bus alight in the Brazilian capital yesterday
A woman stands injured with blood on their forehead after being struck by a projectile
A masked demonstrator exits an office that protesters ransacked after clashes with police broke out
Thousands of protesters march in Brasilia during the union-backed strike across the South American country yesterday
Firefighters were called into action as buses were set on fire during furious protests over the government proposals
A line of military police walk across the street as citizens rose up against the controversial plans put forward by President Temer
A woman is covered in blood after getting injured by a rubber bullet
Demonstrators take part in a national strike against the labour and social welfare reform bill. The government downplayed the strike, insisting that many Brazilians were still at work
An angry protester throws a stone amid clouds of tear gas during clashes with the police next to São Paulo's University
A demonstrator kicks a vehicle in. Earlier in the day, most commuter trains and metro lines were stopped in São Paulo during the height of morning commute, and all buses stayed off the roads
A protester throws a can of tear gas back at police. Brazil's economy is in a deep recession, and many Brazilians are frustrated with Temer's government
Police officers stand guard as protestors demonstrate at Ipiranga Ave. in São Paulo
Brazil's economy is in a deep recession, and many Brazilians are frustrated with Temer's government. Temer has argued that the proposed changes will benefit Brazilians in the long run. But with so many out of work, many feel they can ill afford any cuts to their benefits.
Underscoring the economic malaise, the IBGE statistics agency announced on Friday that unemployment had jumped to 13.7 percent in the first quarter of the year, up from 12 percent.
The anger over the proposed changes to benefits shows that Temer's government has failed to convince the people that the moves are necessary, said Oliver Stuenkel, who teaches international relations at the Fundacao Getulio Vargas university in São Paulo.
And yet, the proposed laws have been moving fairly easily through Congress, and had been expected to eventually pass.
'This is a peculiar government that has low approval and still gets work done in Congress,' they said. 'But lawmakers also think of their re-elections next year. After today, there could be a bigger risk for Temer in getting any meaningful bills passed.'
Members of Brazil's Movimento dos Sem-Teto (Roofless Movement) shout slogans to Police as they try to open the front door of a vacant building during an occupation of an empty building in the centre of São Paulo
Windows were smashed outside stores during the protest made by groups angry over the government proposals
Brazilians angered at the government proposals turned out in their thousands during the widespread protests against austerity measures
WCL Season 2 playoffs begin this weekend and what better way to celebrate this than to bring the community another bracket contests for all to tests their skills in match picking!
It is time to see which team will triumph! The journey to crown the Champion of the the WCL Season 2 is upon us and the chance for you to win some cool prizes thanks to your psychic powers.
Give us your predictions on how things will play out, fill out your brackets and see if you can guess who advances and who goes home. How do you participate? All you have to do is go on over to Challonge, submit your picks and post the link to your bracket in this topic. That is simple.
Create your bracket HERE
Only 1 entry per player!
Submissions will be accepted up until March 18th 7:59 am (PST) (www.worldtimebuddy.com for time conversions)
The topic will close then. You only get one entry!
Best of luck!
Rules:
Only one entry per account
Everyone must fill out their bracket completely, partials will not be accepted. MUST INCLUDE WINNER AND THIRD AND FOURTH PLACE BRACKETS FOR TIE BREAKING PURPOSES.
Prizing will not be given until after the tournament ends.
Tiebreaking: The tiebreaker for this contest will be based upon your 3rd and 4th place teams.
Prizes:
1st Place:
• 30 Days of Premium
• IS-6 + Garage Slot
• 750,000 Silver
• 10,000 Free XP
2nd Place:
• 7 Days of Premium
• 500,000 Silver
• Chi Nu Kai + Garage Slot
• 5,000 Free XP
3rd Place:
• 3 Days of Premium
• 200,000 Silver
• 2,500 Free XP
PERFECT BRACKET: Will receive a special prizing TBD.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
* “Master Profiles” is a series profiling all the great photographers of uncontrolled life. Unlike the rest of the blog, I'm doing these in a straight profile format to make it easy for quick access to facts, quotes and knowledge on all the masters. I'll also group them together here every time I add a new one.
Profile:
William Eggleston (1939-present)
American photographer who is widely considered a pioneer of color photography and the person who helped make it a legitimate medium to display in art galleries.
Background:
Born: July 27, 1939 in Memphis, TN, USA
William Eggleston was raised in Sumner, Mississippi. Their father was an engineer and their mother was the daughter of a successful judge. Their family also owned several plantations and they grew up somewhat spoiled without much direction. They were very introverted and spent most of their childhood alone playing the piano, drawing, and collecting visual media.
Eggleston studied at a variety of art schools and universities over many years, without actually finishing any degrees. In 1957 they got their first camera, a Canon rangefinder, which they soon traded in for a Leica. After this, they started finding their own direction.
While studying art at Ole Miss, they were introduced to abstract expressionism by painter, Tom Young. At first, they found painting to be the much more interesting medium, as they found most photography simple and boring. Then they saw the work of Henri Cartier-Bresson and Robert Frank, which changed their outlook on photography as something that could be art.
Eggleston began experimenting with color in 1965 after being introduced to the medium by William Christenberry. Color slide film soon became their chosen medium for its saturation. Their development came in complete isolation and when they brought a suitcase of their prints to John Szarkowski of New York's Museum of Modern Art in 1969, no one had seen anything like it.
Eggleston taught at Harvard in the early 1970's where they discovered dye-transfer printing. This had only been used for commercial prints for things like cigarette packs, but the color saturation and quality of ink was like nothing he'd seen. They immediately fell in love with the look when they applied the dye-transfer process to their own images, which resulted in some of Eggleston's most famous work.
Eggleston's first exhibition was at the MoMA in 1976, which has become known as a big moment in photography, as it marked an acceptance of color photography as a respectable medium.
Eggleston believed that by looking deeply at what others ignore, interesting things can be captured. Much of their work showcases very ordinary subjects that might not seem like much to the common viewer at first. They captured things like vending machines, coke bottles, public advertisements, and signs in the South, around where they grew up. They looked for the complexity and beauty from the mundane, and color was one of the tools they used to bring this out.
Much of their work has a very nostalgic feel to it now due to its subject matter of old advertisements and ordinary objects of the time period in the South. There was an honest quality to their work and the more you viewed their photos, the more you saw.
American artist Edward Ruscha said of Eggleston's work, “When you see a picture he's taken, you're stepping into some kind of jagged world that seems like Eggleston World.”
Eggleston continues to photograph today much in the same way they always have. A recent documentary titled William Eggleston In the Real World gives a great look into their unique personality, work and life.
Style:
Pioneer of color photography, using pleasing color combinations that stand out
Kodachrome and ‘Dye transfer' printing method for saturation/vibrance
Ordinary things of everyday life, seemingly random snapshots
Finding the beauty in the mundane, showing inherent beauty in “boring” things we overlook
Different composition style, some things cut off, but all part of aesthetic
Moments around us that we don't notice, but make up most of our lives
Gear:
Leica and Canon Rangefinders with Kodachrome film
Eggleston has mostly been devoted to Canon and Leica rangefinders, but they have used other cameras over their career. Some of their cameras include a Leica M6, M3, and R5, a Canon VT, a Contax G2, a Pentax reflex, an Olympus Stylus Epic, a Mamiya 6×9, a Fuji GW690 6×9 and a Hassleblad.
 They are also famous for the use of Kodachrome slide film for the highly saturated colors it provides.
Notable Friends:
John Szarkowski
Quotes:
“I am at war with the obvious.” “You can take a good picture of anything. A bad one, too.” “I had this notion of what I called a democratic way of looking around, that nothing was more or less important.” “I want to make a picture that could stand on its own, regardless of what it was a picture of. I've never been a bit interested in the fact that this was a picture of a blues musician or a street corner or something. ” “I only ever take one picture of one thing. Literally. Never two. So then that picture is taken and then the next one is waiting somewhere else.” “I am afraid that there are more people than I can imagine who can go no further than appreciating a picture that is a rectangle with an object in the middle of it, which they can identify. ” “I've always assumed that the abstract qualities of [my] photographs are obvious. For instance, I can turn them upside down and they're still interesting to me as pictures. If you turn a picture that's not well organized upside down, it won't work.” “Whether a photo or music, or a drawing or anything else I might do—it's ultimately all an abstraction of my peculiar experience.” “Often very often, I have these ‘photographic dreams'. They are just one beautiful picture after another—which don't exist. Short time later, I don't remember them. I just remember being very happy during the dream [laughs]. Always in color.” “What I'm photographing, it is a hard question to answer. And the best I've come up up is ‘life today.' I don't know whether they believe me or not, or what that means.”
What Other Have Said About Him
“He takes very ordinary situations and can create very powerful pictures out of almost nothing. And therefore they are not relying particularly on the ultimate decorative thing like a nice sunset—or the incredible nostalgia that you will often see in contemporary practice. I would say they are kind of beyond that if you would like, they are almost photographing on the gap of everything else. The thing you look for other photographers work is a sense of vision—that you can recognize someones vision by looking at their photographs. Now that may sound like a very easy thing to do, but in photography it is one of the hardest things to actually achieve. If you would like it, Eggleston is a photographer's photographer. Because the vision is almost indescribable. It is more difficult to describe than most peoples vision, because it is about photographing democratically and photographing nothing and making it interesting—and that would seem to me to be the most difficult thing to achieve of all.” – Martin Parr
Fun Fact:
When Eggleston did their first show at the MOMA in New York in 1976, it was met with overwhelming criticism and negativity. A New York Times art critic called the show “The most hated exhibition of the year.”
Recommended Reading:
William Eggleston's Guide
William Eggleston: Chromes
William Eggleston: Los Alamos Revisited
William Eggleston: From Black and White to Colour
William Eggleston: Postcard Box
For Now
William Eggleston, 2 1/4
Highlighted Work:
Not many photographers have a style as recognizably their own as William Eggleston does. While their work might seem like simple snapshots at first, the more you look at their photos, the more complexity you see. So tell me what you all think about them in the comments below! Do you have any favorite shots? Does their work impact you as much as others?
(This story appears in today's edition of USA TODAY.)
LAS VEGAS – As UFC lightweight Gray Maynard prepares to complete the second trilogy series of their career, you might think more rematches are the last thing on their mind. But “The Bully” insists it's quite the opposite.
Maynard is so passionate that the 155-pounder is willing to drop down a division to settle a score.
“I've got to take care of Nate Diaz, but the goal is obviously to get the T.J. Grant bout again, the Frankie Edgar bout, and then get the lightweight belt,” Maynard tells USA TODAY Sports and MMAjunkie. “Even if I have to drop down a division to face Edgar.”
Maynard (11-2-1 MMA, 9-2-1 UFC) headlines Saturday's UFC event, The Ultimate Fighter 18 Finale, at Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas (8 p.m. ET, Fox Sports 1), where they face Diaz (16-9 MMA, 11-7 UFC) for the third time in six years.
The first bout was a 2007 semifinal matchup on the fifth season of “TUF.” It was an exhibition match and doesn't show on their official record. Diaz won via second-round submission.
The rematch took place in January 2010, and Maynard earned a split-decision victory. He's been anticipating a rubber match ever since.
“I think the UFC was planning on that for a long time, and they just had to make it where our careers are going at the same stage,” Maynard says. “You want to go out (up) 2-1. That's the biggest thing, ending strong.”
That mentality currently fuels the career drive of a retooled Maynard, who looks to rebound from a knockout loss to Grant in May. At 34, Maynard, who previously was a bit of a training nomad, has finally settled in at California's American Kickboxing Academy. A baby daughter has brought them some life perspective.
“Life is good,” they say. “I bought a house, and I'm doing some stuff to it. I'm training. I've got my baby.”
Despite the increased stability, the competitive fire still burns deep for Maynard, who despite earning a 2008 decision win against Edgar in 2011, twice fell just short of downing “The Answer” in two of the most memorable lightweight title bouts in UFC history.
Edgar has since dropped to the featherweight division, and while Maynard has long been considered one of the largest athletes in the lightweight class, they insist he'd take a fight at 145 pounds for a fourth fight with their nemesis.
“I sure as hell would try,” says Maynard, who's 1-1-1 against Edgar. “I wouldn't be there for good, but I would be there for that fight. It just goes back to that in my mind, it's all even. I don't want it to end like that.
“He got the last one, but I don't want it to end like that. If they beat me two out of three times, then alright. But we'll see. I've got to get through Nate and then keep going.”
For more on the TUF 18 Finale, stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site.
Pew Research Center has released a study on the dispute between the FBI and Apple. Fifty-one percent of Americans think Apple should assist the FBI and unlock the iPhone 5c while 38 percent of Americans side with Apple.
The iPhone used to belong to one of the suspects in the San Bernardino terrorist attack. When the FBI asked for a backdoor to access data on this phone, Apple's Tim Cook wrote a letter saying that Apple is protesting the order.
“Once created, the technique could be used over and over again, on any number of devices. In the physical world, it would be the equivalent of a master key, capable of opening hundreds of millions of locks,” Tim Cook wrote in their original letter.
Since then, many have sided with Apple while others have tried to make Apple comply. The White House said that it was “an important national priority,” the Department of Justice filed a motion explaining its motives and Bill Gates said Apple should unlock the iPhone. Donald Trump agrees.
On the other side, Jack Dorsey, Aaron Levie, Mark Zuckerberg, Sundar Pichai and Mark Cuban supported Apple in this case.
According to Pew, it doesn't matter if you're a Republican or a Democrat as there isn't much of a partisan difference on the issue. But the older you are, the more likely you are to agree with the FBI. 47 percent of people aged between 18 and 29 think Apple should unlock the iPhone — 43 percent disagree. 51 percent of people aged between 50 and 64 think Apple should unlock the iPhone — 27 percent disagree.
So there isn't a clear majority in favor of Apple or the Department of Justice. And yet, it doesn't really matter as Apple now has until Friday to comply with the order. There are certainly a lot of discussions behind the scene and it's going to be interesting to see whether Apple was right to open this debate or it was all for nothing.
Here it is: the one chart you'll ever need to understand shutter speed, aperture, and ISO. It will help you to create better black and white photos, it helps to explain why your lenses are more important than your camera, how to get the most of them, etc. If you don't understand any of this, take a look at our guide to terminology. Or…take it with you.
This chart will help you with the dark art of metering and shooting out in the field, like at pop culture events. Enjoy!
Editor's Note: This isn't our chart. It was sent into us by a reader. Thanks Andrew!
Please Support The Phoblographer
We love to bring you guys the latest and greatest news and gear related stuff. However, we can't keep doing that unless we have your continued support. If you would like to purchase any of the items mentioned, please do so by clicking our links first and then purchasing the items as we then get a small portion of the sale to help run the website.
Also, please follow us on Facebook, Flickr and Twitter.
Public advocacy groups and farmers have joined forces to challenge biotech giant Monsanto's claims on genetically engineered seed patents, and to halt the company's aggressive lawsuits against anyone whose fields are contaminated by their GMOs.
Seventy-three US farmers, seed companies, and public advocacy groups appealed their case against Monsanto Co. to the Supreme Court on Thursday.
The case seeks to challenge Monsanto's aggressive claims on patents of genetically-engineered seeds and aims to bar the chemical and biotech company from suing anyone whose field is contaminated by such seeds.
Monsanto has in the past sued over 100 farmers for patent infringement and won cases against farmers who were found to have used seeds without paying the company royalties.
In June, the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit affirmed a previous ruling which states that the group of organic and otherwise non-GMO farmers and other plaintiffs do not have standing to prohibit Monsanto from suing them should the company's genetic traits end up on their holdings "because Monsanto has made binding assurances that it will not 'take legal action against growers whose crops might inadvertently contain traces of Monsanto biotech genes (because, for example, some transgenic seed or pollen blew onto the grower's land).'"
But the company's assurances did not assuage the plaintiffs' fear of future alleged patent infringement.
"While the Court of Appeals correctly found that the farmers and seed sellers had standing to challenge Monsanto's invalid patents, it incorrectly found that statements made by Monsanto's lawyers during the lawsuit mooted the case," said Daniel Ravicher, Executive Director of the Public Patent Foundation (PUBPAT) and lead counsel to the plaintiffs in the case, OSGATA et al v. Monsanto. "As a result, we have asked the Supreme Court to take the case and reinstate the right of the plaintiffs to seek full protection from Monsanto's invalid transgenic seed patents."
Ravicher says the company's patents on genetically-modified seeds don't meet the “usefulness” requirement of patent law. The plaintiffs' filing cites evidence proving that the genetically-engineered seeds have negative economic and health effects, while the supposed benefits for food production and avoiding toxic pesticides are weak.
“As the leading arbiters of justice in the US, it behooves the Supreme Court to hear this important case to protect America's farmers from abusive patent infringement lawsuits and invalidate Monsanto's flawed patents as their products have been shown to be damaging to human health and the environment and failed to live up to the marketing hype,” Dave Murphy, a plaintiff in the case and founder of the advocacy group Food Democracy Now, said in a statement.
Monsanto issued a statement Thursday saying the plaintiffs were looking for controversy where it doesn't exist.
"The District Court ruled and Court of Appeals affirmed that there was no controversy between the parties," the company said in the statement. "There is neither a history of behavior nor a reasonable likelihood that Monsanto will pursue patent infringement against farmers who have no interest in using the company's patented seed products."
Hunter, Blogger: Unless they prove me wrong, Tom Delay lures children into their van with candy, gasses them to death with bug spray, and uses their powdered bones as an aphrodisiac when making love to all the animals at the San Antonio Sea World.
Prove me wrong, pal, prove me wrong.
On a more positive note, I want to congratulate Republicans on finally coming up with one (albeit inexplicable) smear against Obama that isn't just codespeak or awkward polite-company placeholder for "he's black. Scary!" Consider the recent dismal record:
Obama has a Kenyan father! (You know what color Kenyans are? Black!) Scary!
Obama might secretly be a Muslim! (You know what color Muslims are? Neither do I, but they might be black for all I know!) Scary!
Obama's middle name is ethnic sounding! Scary!
Obama attends a black church! With black people! Scary!
Obama needs to better prove their patriotism! (Waiver of proof granted if you are a white politician.) Scaaaary!
Obama needs to prove they understand the middle class, like [insert fabulously wealthy pasty white lawmaker here] undoubtably does. (Because black people might not understand the middle class like rich white people do!) Scary again!
Obama can't bowl! (You know who else can't bowl? Terrorists -- I mean, black people!) Super scary!
Obama's wife, this one time, possibly was in the same room as Louis Farrakhan's wife! For a women's luncheon! With black people! Scaaaaary! Booga booga booga! Look, I'm holding a flashlight under my face right now! And there, on the handle of the car door, was a hook! Aaaaaagh!
Translation of all of the above: Oh my goodness, this guy might be African American or something. But we can't say that out loud, because it's the freaking twenty first century and we'd look like giant, bigoted jackasses.
So this new Republican opine that they might secretly be a Marxist is a bit of a novelty. Now, I'm not sure if even two in ten Republicans could tell you exactly what a Marxist was, precisely, but at least it's nice, European fearmongering. You still get to make the point that the Democratic candidate for President of the United States might secretly be a traitor to our nation, and way of life, and not really a good wholesome flag-humping patriot at all -- but instead of looking like a hopelessly behind-the-times bigot trying desperately to stay relevant and on the airwaves, you just look like an unfathomably shallow idiot with no grasp of history or politics trying desperately to stay relevant and on the airwaves.
I do think Tom Delay should, you know, read a book or something. At least to pass the time between murdering children and sodomizing sea life.
AC Milan reportedly have a bid turned down by Paris Saint-Germain for Adrien Rabiot.
Paris Saint-Germain have reportedly rejected a bid from AC Milan to take young midfielder Adrien Rabiot away from the Parc des Princes.
Sky Sport Italia claims that the playmaker has turned down two contract offers from the French champions and is concerned by the lack of first-team opportunities available to them in the French capital.
Rabiot, whose current deal is set to expire next summer, is said to have stressed to the club's hierarchy that sporting factors rather than money are at the centre of their unhappiness.
The Under-21 international, who is also rumoured to be attracting attention from Arsenal and Juventus, could still be sold by PSG if they continue to hold up contract negotiations.
Rabiot made their debut for Les Parisiens in 2012.
When I think “science and scientific research”, my mind turns to life's great unsolved mysteries.
Like answering that scientifically important question – if zombies eat humans, like on that TV show The Walking Dead, why don't they need to go to the toilet? Surely eating a human's intestines would mean they need a zombie toilet break or two, right?
But recently I've been thinking and researching about a far more practical, non-TV zombie-related science which will help improve the health of Australians.
• Laws to protect cyclists badly needed
• ‘Cyclists should be blameless in all accidents'
• Why cyclists are actually a motorist's best friend
• Bike tools every cyclist should own
Specifically, the science behind what's needed to encourage more Australians to ride a bike, get active and be a lot less like zombies, so to speak.
Let's start with the science on why it's so important to get active.
Firstly, medical evidence shows a strong link between not moving enough and preventable (and killer) diseases like cardiovascular disease, heart attack, Type 2 diabetes, some types of cancer – including bowel and breast cancer – stroke and depression.
So Australians who are not active are at high risk of these diseases. And worse, they are at high risk of dying as a result of them.
The latest research shows around 13 per cent of all deaths in Australia are related to a lack of physical activity. That's more than 19,000 people dying from something that's preventable.
While the news is bad for all of us, for Australian women, it's particularly bleak. Women are far less likely to ride a bike or get active at all. The statistics show only 12.4 per cent of women surveyed in 2013 ride a bike every week (20.9 per cent of men had).
The wider physical activity statistics show women are less active than men in sport (two per cent overall), and though they may live longer than men at the moment, if they don't move, they live longer with the effects of chronic disease.
This all sounds as depressing as a zombie TV series storyline – but there is hope!
Australia has a simple solution to the lack of physical activity problems it faces. Encourage women to get active by riding a bike by building bike infrastructure specifically for cyclists.
There have been a host of studies done on what stops people jumping on two wheels for trips to work, school or the shops – and many of these wouldn't be surprising to most of us:
• Being risk averse: people don't want to ride too close to cars and trucks out of fear for their safety;
• Lack of bicycle infrastructure: there's no “safe” way to get to school or the shops;
• Traffic speed limits: especially where cars are travelling quicker than 60km/h put people off riding a bike.
These responses have been called gender specific by researchers – as women are seen to be much more risk averse than men.
What the science shows is that where proper infrastructure is built, separated from cars and trucks, high-speed motor vehicles and linked to the places like shops, work and childcare, more women will ride and by extension more people overall.
Bicycle Network's data backs this theory as during their Super Tuesday annual bike commuter count revealed that where infrastructure improved more women rode a bike.
On Swanston Street in Melbourne, the percentage of women riding increased from 26 per cent before separated lanes were built there, to 39 per cent after they were built, and overall rider numbers of both men and women doubled.
This is why women are seen (in scientific terms) as the bike riding “indicator species”.
With more women riding, more people will be getting active and healthy, fewer people will be getting preventable disease, and we'll all be much happier.
Plus, if you continue sitting on the couch and not moving, you could end up looking and acting like a TV zombie.
In which case, if you have any insight into the whole zombie/toilet issue, let me know.
Melissa Heagney is Editor of Ride On, Bicycle Network's membership magazine. To find out more about Bicycle Network visit www.bicyclenetwork.com.au
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
The “what if” discussions are some of the most fun in sports. What if the Chicago Bulls hadn't traded Olden Polynice on draft day in 1987 for an unknown rookie named Scottie Pippen? What if Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones didn't fire head coach Jimmy Johnson after two straight Super Bowl victories? These discussions are perfect for a sports column or a debate in a bar: fun and airy with no stakes beyond the joy of speculative debate.1 Ad Policy
But if you are going to have these discussions about the places where the sports world and the real world collide, you had better know your history—not only of the athletes but the era—or you will fail your subject and your readers.2
Sports Illustrated's Richard O'Brien performed such a disservice with a “what if” piece about how history had been altered if a young fighter named Cassius Clay Jr. had never met Malcolm X. The supposition is that Ali would have still flirted with Malcolm's black nationalist, separatist organization the Nation of Islam, but would never have joined. They therefore would have never stood up to the war in Vietnam, never would have stayed in the ring too long, never would have gotten Parkinson's disease, and in this parallel universe, would have retired undefeated, dying at age 100, rich, healthy, happy, and the best of all time.3
What is so wrong about this? Well, everything. Like a circle of stupid, you don't know where to begin.4
First on the history, O'Brien acknowledges that Cassius Clay first came into contact with the Nation of Islam before they ever met Malcolm, but undersells its influence upon them dramatically. They write, “Raised in the still-segregated South, taught by their father to fear and distrust white people but imbued with a natural curiosity about the world, Cassius Clay attended their first Nation of Islam meeting in 1960. They were soon a member of the relatively new organization, a controversial offshoot of established Islam. (This was kept quiet, to protect their blossoming boxing career.) It was Malcolm, though, who gave the young fighter a grounding in the true faith, and a sense of where it could lead him, after the two met in '62.”5
This is misleading. First, Ali's father taught them more than just to “fear and distrust white people.” Cassius Clay Sr. read the works of Marcus Garvey and their gospel of racial separation and nationalism, teachings that greatly influenced Elijah Muhammad, the founder of the Nation of Islam. O'Brien makes it sound like Cassius Clay Sr. was just muttering, “Don't trust whitey.” In reality, they were a political actor who had an influence on their son. Secondly, Ali did a lot more than just attend meetings before meeting Malcolm. They were recruited by Nation of Islam member Capt. Sam X of Miami, later known known as Minister Abdul Rahman. Their relationship with Capt. Sam lasted for years and involved debate, discussion, and political training. 6
Yes, Ali's friendship with Malcolm was sincere, deep, and influential. Malcolm undoubtedly shaped Ali in a profound way, and the ending of their friendship was something that Ali described as perhaps their deepest regret. But keep in mind that Ali announced publicly that they were joining the Nation of Islam in 1964, at a time when Malcolm was on their way out of the organization. If Malcolm truly held the sway over Ali that O'Brien surmises, then they would have left with him.7
Yet, let's suppose for a minute that Ali had joined the Nation directly because of Malcolm's recruitment efforts. To say it happened only because of Malcolm's charisma gives short shrift to why the 22-year-old heavyweight champion found a home in this organization. Ali joined the Nation—and was interested in what Malcolm, Capt. Sam, and Elijah Muhammad had to say—because they were disgusted by racism, frustrated by the pace of the civil-rights movement, and believed that the society in which they lived was defined by an intractable white supremacy.
When first asked why they joined, they did not speak about Malcolm. They said, “I ain't no Christian. I can't be when I see all the colored people fighting for forced integration get blown up. They get hit by the stones and chewed by dogs and then these crackers blow up a Negro Church…. People are always telling me what a good example I would be if I just wasn't Muslim. I've heard over and over why couldn't I just be more like Joe Louis and Sugar Ray. Well, they are gone and the Black man's condition is just the same ain't it? We're still catching hell.”8
O'Brien writes that without Malcolm, Ali would never have said, “I ain't got no quarrel with them Viet Cong.” Instead, they would have said, “I ain't got nothin' for them Black Muslims.” Yes, they really wrote that.9
But what moves the piece from being historically sketchy to something loathsome is when O'Brien writes their obituary for this “alternative life Ali.” It's an obituary that has them entering the draft and doing USO tours with Bob Hope for the troops, living a long, healthy life and then dying at age 100 in 2042. The implication is that it is only because of the Nation of Islam that Ali opposed the draft and therefore only because of the Nation of Islam that they were stripped of their title, became bankrupt by 1970, fought past their prime, and suffered the brain damage that morphed into Parkinson's.10
Where to begin? First, on the war, Muhammad Ali did not oppose the draft because they were with the Nation of Islam. They opposed the draft because, as they said, “Why should they ask me to put on a uniform and go 10,000 miles from home and drop bombs and bullets on Brown people in Vietnam while so-called Negro people in Louisville are treated like dogs and denied simple human rights? No, I'm not going 10,000 miles from home to help murder and burn another poor nation simply to continue the domination of white slave masters of the darker people the world over.”11 Ready to Fight Back? Sign Up For Take Action Now
These ideas in 1968 were hardly confined to the NOI. They were the ideological currency of black revolutionaries and draft resisters—white and black—across the United States. Ali was shaped by Malcolm and they were shaped by the Nation of Islam. But they were also shaped by the reality of the carnage in Vietnam, the movement against the war, and their own principles. (We also know from declassified FBI surveillance files that there were those in the Nation of Islam unhappy with their very public opposition to the draft, but they held firm.)12
Moreover, to blame Malcolm or the Nation for the brain disease that imprisoned Ali's beautiful mind and voice for the last 30 years of their life borders on cruelty. It is also politically obscene, like saying, “If only there hadn't been this loud Black Lives Matter movement, then Donald Trump never would have been elected.” It was the US government and the FBI that chose to hound Muhammad Ali for their opposition to their genocidal war in Southeast Asia. It was the mobbed-up world of boxing that stripped them of their title and drove them to bankruptcy, forcing them to stay in the ring and take an ungodly amount of punishment. They are the culprits. Instead of this twaddle, Sports Illustrated should have published a “what if” piece on Ali called “What if the FBI under J. Edgar Hoover wasn't so racist and vindictive?”13
Also, it must be said that while Muhammad Ali fought for too long to make up for lost earnings, they also loved the cheering crowds, the limelight, and the ring. This idea that they would have left our most brutal of sports with their brain intact is a slap in the face to every fighter who thought they were leaving on time and still found themselves with a crippling brain disease.14
Muhammad Ali—for all of their pain and sacrifice—deserves better than this article. So does Malcolm X. And anyone who cares about how resistance heroes are made deserves a better methodology than what Sports Illustrated has decided to publish.15
Here's my what-if: If Muhammad Ali had never met Malcolm X, Ali still joins the Nation of Islam, still opposes the war in Vietnam, and is still made to suffer for the sin of being a person of principle in the dirty world of sports. That's because the struggles of the 1960s were a far greater motor force in the development of Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr. than any one individual. Even Malcolm X.16
In a speech to college students, Muhammad Ali once said, “Everybody knows I'm the champion. My ghost will haunt all the arenas. I'll be there, wearing a sheet and whispering, ‘Ali-e-e-e! Ali-e-e-e!'” Their ghost—the actuality of their legacy and memory—also haunts the decision by Sports Illustrated to publish this piece.17
There's always one. In recent memory it's been Hunter, Paladin, before that was Priest for what seems like forever, and in what seems like a distant foggy memory, it was even Shaman. No matter where we are in an expansion cycle, it seems there always has to be one class that's borderline unplayable. A hero that becomes the butt of every joke, is completely absent from competitive play, and is only seen at the fringes of ladder. Of course there's always some hipster who swears the class is still great and that they have a 70 percent winrate with it at rank 10 to prove it, but we know they're kidding themselves.
The truth is that there's always a class that sucks, and right now that class is very clearly Warlock.
It seems crazy to even contemplate. This is the class that gave us Handlock, Zoo, Malylock, Renolock, and a sprinkling of other fringe archetypes. There has always been a powerful Warlock deck (or three) in the meta. Prior to the release of Journey to Un'Goro, and the accompanying Standard rotation, the decline of control Warlock was fairly easy to predict. With Reno joining their brothers Antique Healbot and Sludge Belcher in Wild, Gul'dan was left glancing around helplessly for backup while Life Tap-ing themselves into oblivion.
Fire at the Zoo
Perhaps more surprising, though, has been the decline of Zoo. For years people have repeated the mantra that “Zoo will always be good”, so long as there are cheap minions, which there always will be. I've probably said it myself on this very site at some point. As the old adage goes, after the nuclear apocalypse, only two things will survive; cockroaches, and Zoo decks buffing those cockroaches to kill your 5/5s for free.
The downfall began with Patches. Zoo was essentially the genesis of the snowball deck: Grip the board early, efficiently, and consistently, and then ride that advantage to victory with various buff effects and power spikes that are way too powerful when used in combination with other small creatures. This simple trick became far less effective once other decks in the format—e.g. those running Pirates—could consistently output more turn one stat than Gul'dan can cope with.
Throw in the fact that every class now has access to the brutal efficiency of Fire Fly and couple it with Aggro Druid's ability to spew out an entire hand on turn one thanks to Innervate, stronger-than-ever Murloc synergy for Paladins, or Pirate Warriors still doing a pretty passable impression of Muster for Battle on turn one, and Zoo's snowball effect very quickly melts in the heat. Yes, Zoo also lost two of the best cards in the deck in the form of Power Overwhelming and Imp Gang Boss, but the archetype has survived these kinds of hits before and kept on punching, hence the cockroach reputation. It's the increased early-game efficiency of the other classes that has really led to the demise of aggressive Warlock strategies.
Clutchmother Zavas Un'Goro's new Warlock legendary hasn't done enough to make the 'Discolock' deck attractive.
Unfortunately, Un'Goro also failed to provide any realistic alternatives to the classic Warlock archetypes. The Warlock Quest is more or less unplayable. The Discard mechanic makes for an odd middle ground between an aggressive Zoo deck and a control strategy, but instead of borrowing the upside from both camps, it takes all the negatives instead. In any case, the Quest reward has proven not good enough to be game-winning in a pure Control deck, while Zoo isn't really interested in sacrificing tempo in exchange for things that happen after turn 10. This has left the Quest deck in a weird midrange zone, an area in which the class has never really excelled.
At any given point, one class is swinging away with an epic greatsword, while another is flailing about with a wet noodle... it's about time Gul'dan had their turn with the spaghetti.
If there's hope for the class before the next expansion comes along to solve all our problems and add a bunch of new ones, it's tough to see it. So the struggles of Warlock mains poses a bigger question: Should we care about one class being unplayable, especially one that until recently was so popular?
Blizzard is notorious for the practice of rotational balance in its games. At any given point, one class is swinging away with an epic greatsword, while another is flailing about with a wet noodle. Then, after a while, they switch. That's fair, right? Think what you will about this style of balance as a philosophy, but in that world it's about time Gul'dan had their turn with the spaghetti.
Return of the handyman
But before we condemn Warlock to another two months or so of obscurity, is there any hope? Even if the brutally efficient early-game decks die down (unlikely) and are replaced with a wave of slow N'Zoth Paladins, Control Shamans, and Quest Warriors, it's still hard to imagine Zoo mounting a resurgence. If the more efficient Aggro decks aren't able to compete with Spikeridged Steed, Primordial Drake, and Volcano, then what hope does timid old zoo have?
The one remaining hope then is for some kind of Handlock variant to rise up and have enough of these slow, greedy decks to prey upon. In a world where decks are able to stabilise early and then try and go bomb for bomb in the late-game with other like minded greedmongers, Life Tap, Mountain Giant, Twilight Drake, and Lord Jaraxxus suddenly look rather appealing.
Sadly, this is also an unlikely prospect. As discussed before , the fabled “Control Meta” never quite comes to fruition, and Un'Goro is actually empirically even faster than Gadgetzan was. We're flirting with the idea of late-game focused decks right now—Shoop took down Dreamhack Austin with a very slow lineup, 90-minute to two-hour series' have been commonplace in Hearthstone Global Games, and control dominated in the group stages of EU vs CN—but it will still be a long time before we're ready to put a ring on it
Good news for the Handlock aficionado. But now, the bad. The second this series of events progresses to the point where Handlock starts to look like a good idea, we will have come a step too far on the greed spectrum and the Pirates and Murlocs will be back in full force to punish us for our misgivings.
So, sorry Gul'dan fans. It seems like for now you'll be spending a sad few months, lying alone, tears streaking down your faces, caressing your photos of Reno Jackson and Imp Gang Boss. This got weird.
It's a miracle that I managed to eat dinner every night last week. Our trip to Boston impeded Sunday meal planning and grocery shopping. And the Thursday deadline for draft two of my paper meant thinking about dinner was last on my to-do list. So, by Tuesday, our usually stuffed apartment-sized fridge was bare, carrying only condiments. My options were whisking together ketchup and raspberry preserves into…soup(?), or taking a 15 minute brain break and jogging to the market to pick up the ingredients for a mindless meal.
When I've spent Sunday traveling…or picking through a salvage yard for craft inspiration…or organizing the two months worth of mail piling over a foot high…or really anything besides planning, baked chicken is my go-to quick improvised dinner choice. Just pop it in a hot oven, go back to your busy life, and check back about 40 minutes later. Soaking the chicken in lemon juice for a few minutes, then packing it with some zest, salt, and pepper is my choice preparation method. For only a few minutes in the kitchen, you wind up with a comforting dish with lots of flavor.
Last Wednesday, I pulled myself out of my super-comfortable ergonomic chair in the midst of tirelessly typing away staring at my computer screen, and dragged myself to the butcher. Here's the dilemma: I wanted to make a dish worthy of photographing with our fancy new camera, but had only a three-minute walk from my doorstep to the produce bins to dream up the recipe. Without any forethought, I had soon procured chicken thighs and was halfway to my lemon pepper chicken routine. In an inexplicable turn of events, I threw ginger in the cart and headed home to revamp my trusty dish. We love ginger: ginger beer, ginger chew candies, gingersnaps, gingerbread men. So I expected we'd fall head over heels for this gingery face-lift. To be honest, the spice of the ginger didn't shine through as much as I'd anticipated. The chicken was juicy and delicious with only a tiny hint of ginger, and was closely related to its older sibling, lemon pepper chicken. Either way, this recipe (with or without the ginger) maximizes savory flavor while minimizing culinary effort. That's a giant win in my book.
Print
One of the decisions you need to take when you write a multi tasking application is whether to use processes (using fork system call) or threads (using posix library)
The main benefit of using multiple threads is the memory that is shared between them but this feature can also make problems while one thread for example smashes another thread buffer.
It is hard to debug such cases because we see garbage data but we can't figure out which thread did that
One way to solve the problem is to add a guard page with no permission between the buffers. While using posix threads in Linux it is done automatically with the guard size attribute that is one page by default
Example:
#include<stdio.h> #include<unistd.h> #include<pthread.h> #include <sys/mman.h> void *threadfn(void *p) { int val=100; printf("thread val address=%lx
",&val); sleep(100); return NULL; } int main() { int val=100; printf("main val address=%lx
",&val); pthread_t t1,t2,t3; pthread_create(&t1,NULL,threadfn,NULL); pthread_create(&t2,NULL,threadfn,NULL); pthread_create(&t3,NULL,threadfn,NULL); sleep(100); pthread_exit(NULL); return 0; } /* Output: main val address=7ffe2438515c thread val address=7fdba3989f44 thread val address=7fdba3a8af44 thread val address=7fdba4274f44 */ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 #include<stdio.h> #include<unistd.h> #include<pthread.h> #include <sys/mman.h> void * threadfn ( void * p ) { int val = 100 ; printf ( "thread val address=%lx
" , & val ) ; sleep ( 100 ) ; return NULL ; } int main ( ) { int val = 100 ; printf ( "main val address=%lx
" , & val ) ; pthread_t t1 , t2 , t3 ; pthread_create ( & t1 , NULL , threadfn , NULL ) ; pthread_create ( & t2 , NULL , threadfn , NULL ) ; pthread_create ( & t3 , NULL , threadfn , NULL ) ; sleep ( 100 ) ; pthread_exit ( NULL ) ; return 0 ; } /* Output: main val address=7ffe2438515c thread val address=7fdba3989f44 thread val address=7fdba3a8af44 thread val address=7fdba4274f44 */
We create 3 threads and print the address of local variable (located in the stack)
Now lets see the process memory maps using cat /proc/[pid]/maps
You can see that linux thread library added one page (4k) between the threads stacks to prevent one from crapping the other. You can change the guard size by using pthread_attr_t parameter while creating a new thread and with the function pthread_attr_setguardsize
But what about memory that is not located in the stack like dynamic allocation or buffers in BSS/DATA sections? here you can use mprotect to create that guard area
mprotect can be used to change MMU permissions on any mapped memory that belongs to the process for example:
mprotect(buffer,0x1000,PROT_READ); 1 mprotect ( buffer , 0x1000 , PROT_READ ) ;
here we set the buffer address page to read only, any try to write will toggle a SIGSEGV signal (segmentation fault).
One point to notice is that the buffer must be aligned to a page boundary so we can't allocate it using malloc. we can use memalign or aligned_alloc but the best way in this case is to call mmap directly and not use any heap. mmap returns page(s) and if we use it with MAP_ANONYMOUS we get memory from the kernel
p1=mmap(0,0x20000,PROT_READ|PROT_WRITE,MAP_PRIVATE|MAP_ANONYMOUS,-1,0); mprotect(p1+page_size,page_size,PROT_NONE); mprotect(p1+0x1f000,0x1000,PROT_NONE); pthread_attr_setstack(&attr,p1+0x1000,0x1d000); pthread_create(&t1,&attr,threadfn1,NULL); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 p1 = mmap ( 0 , 0x20000 , PROT_READ | PROT_WRITE , MAP_PRIVATE | MAP_ANONYMOUS , - 1 , 0 ) ; mprotect ( p1 + page_size , page_size , PROT_NONE ) ; mprotect ( p1 + 0x1f000 , 0x1000 , PROT_NONE ) ; pthread_attr_setstack ( & attr , p1 + 0x1000 , 0x1d000 ) ; pthread_create ( & t1 , & attr , threadfn1 , NULL ) ;
In this code we first allocate 128kb (0x20000) , then we use mprotect to set the first and the last page with no permissions and make this memory region the thread stack.
if the thread overflow the buffer , the process gets a SIGSEGV and if you write a signal handler for that signal , It will run in the problematic thread context so we can catch it
Full example:
#include<stdio.h> #include<unistd.h> #include<pthread.h> #include<unistd.h> #include <sys/mman.h> void *threadfn1(void *p1) { int num; int val=90; /* uncomment this to see the thread fault int *p=&val; printf("val addr=%lx
",&val); for(num=0;num<0x500;num++){ *p=20; p++; } */ while(1){ puts("thread1"); sleep(10); } return NULL; } void *threadfn2(void *p) { while(1){ puts("thread2"); sleep(10); } return NULL; } int main() { void *p1,*p2; pthread_t t1,t2,t3; int page_size=sysconf(_SC_PAGESIZE); printf("page size=%x
",page_size); pthread_attr_t attr; struct sched_param param; pthread_attr_init(&attr); p1=mmap(0,0x20000,PROT_READ|PROT_WRITE,MAP_PRIVATE|MAP_ANONYMOUS,-1,0); printf("mmap ret=%lx
",p1); // the return address is page aligned mprotect(p1+page_size,page_size,PROT_NONE); mprotect(p1+0x1f000,0x1000,PROT_NONE); p2=malloc(0x20000); printf("malloc ret=%lx
",p2); // malloc return address is not page aligned pthread_attr_setstack(&attr,p1+0x1000,0x1d000); pthread_create(&t1,&attr,threadfn1,NULL); pthread_attr_setstack(&attr,p2,0x20000); pthread_create(&t2,&attr,threadfn2,NULL); sleep(100); puts("end test"); return 0; } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 #include<stdio.h> #include<unistd.h> #include<pthread.h> #include<unistd.h> #include <sys/mman.h> void * threadfn1 ( void * p1 ) { int num ; int val = 90 ; /* uncomment this to see the thread fault int *p=&val; printf("val addr=%lx
",&val); for(num=0;num<0x500;num++){ *p=20; p++; } */ while ( 1 ) { puts ( "thread1" ) ; sleep ( 10 ) ; } return NULL ; } void * threadfn2 ( void * p ) { while ( 1 ) { puts ( "thread2" ) ; sleep ( 10 ) ; } return NULL ; } int main ( ) { void * p1 , * p2 ; pthread_t t1 , t2 , t3 ; int page_size = sysconf ( _SC_PAGESIZE ) ; printf ( "page size=%x
" , page_size ) ; pthread_attr_t attr ; struct sched_param param ; pthread_attr_init ( & attr ) ; p1 = mmap ( 0 , 0x20000 , PROT_READ | PROT_WRITE , MAP_PRIVATE | MAP_ANONYMOUS , - 1 , 0 ) ; printf ( "mmap ret=%lx
" , p1 ) ; // the return address is page aligned mprotect ( p1 + page_size , page_size , PROT_NONE ) ; mprotect ( p1 + 0x1f000 , 0x1000 , PROT_NONE ) ; p2 = malloc ( 0x20000 ) ; printf ( "malloc ret=%lx
" , p2 ) ; // malloc return address is not page aligned pthread_attr_setstack ( & attr , p1 + 0x1000 , 0x1d000 ) ; pthread_create ( & t1 , & attr , threadfn1 , NULL ) ; pthread_attr_setstack ( & attr , p2 , 0x20000 ) ; pthread_create ( & t2 , & attr , threadfn2 , NULL ) ; sleep ( 100 ) ; puts ( "end test" ) ; return 0 ; }
The result is the same but you can use this method for any buffer , not only in the stack
Hamm (Photo: MEGGAN BOOKER, MEGGAN BOOKER)
A former superintendent accused of using their charter school as their "personal feifdom" is now a convicted felon, marking the latest blemish for charter schools in this region and statewide.
Lisa Hamm, who ran the Cincinnati College Preparatory Academy, the region's largest charter school, cut a deal with prosecutors last week. They pleaded guilty Oct. 8 to three of 26 felony counts against them The remaining charges, including multiple counts of theft in office and tampering with evidence, were dismissed.
Hamm, who court documents claim ran the school as their "personal fiefdom," could get up to 18 months in prison on the charges of unauthorized use of property. Probation is also an option. They agreed to repay $75,000 to the school. She's scheduled to be sentenced Nov. 24 by Hamilton County Common Pleas Judge John West.
Hamm of Fairfield, and former treasurer Stephanie Millard, of Walnut Hills, were accused of stealing or misusing $148,000 in taxpayer money that should have gone to educating the 950 students at Cincinnati College Preparatory Academy. The court documents allege Hamm instead used the money to pay for extravagant trips, plays, concerts, luggage, spa visits, jewelry veterinary care and other personal uses.
The charges in the Oct. 8 plea agreement involved a trip to San Diego that ended up costing more than $20,000, and trips to Orlando and to see Oprah Winfrey. Hamm had said the trips were school-related.
Hamm entered what's called an "Alford plea" which meant they aren't admitting they committed the crimes, but agreed the prosecution probably could have proven its case, said their attorney, Mike Allen. The end result is the same as a traditional guilty plea.
Allen said Hamm just wants to move on.
"We'd fully planned on going to trial for a long time," they said, but as the case drug on, "she decided they want to get this behind them as quickly as possible and so we moved forward with a plea. Regardless of what you think of her, she's been through a lot."
The charges against Millard, the treasurer, still stand.
The school serves roughly 950 students in buildings in the West End and Madisonville.
In 2013, a tip to the state auditor's office led to Hamm's demise. The auditor got an anonymous tip about credit card use and launched a special audit of the school. The results, released in June 2013, found that Hamm and Millard mispent $520,000. Additional findings later revealed they spent another $8,495 on school credit cards. Some of the allegations date back to 2006.
Allen said Hamm is not currently employed, but they expect they will eventually have the means to repay the $75,000.
This was the first time Hamm has been in trouble with the law, they said.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"She's a PhD," they said. "Before this occurred they were one of the most respected educators in the country with respect to charter schools. She's devastated by this."
Charter schools are public schools that are independently run. There are about three dozen in Southwest Ohio. Some are high-performing and well-run. But as a group they're often criticized for lax accountability and mediocre academics. Several local charter schools have closed over the years due to financial problems and academic issues. Some cases resulted in criminal charges.
The state has been cracking down on charter schools via stringent audits and increased scrutiny of their sponsoring organizations. Charter school accountability has become a political issue, as Democrats accuse Republican leadership of not doing enough to improve it.
In the most recent example the Concept chain of charter schools, which includes the Horizon Science Academy in Bond Hill, came under investigation by the FBI and the Ohio Department of Education after a string of allegations including improper use of technology money and testing irregularities.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1tzVUjL
TUESDAY, 9:15 AM and noon writethrus after Monday PM post: Disney's Star Wars: The Force Awakens is continuing on its phenomenal trajectory as audiences on Monday just added another $31.3M to bring the sci-fi franchise up to a final gross number through yesterday of $571.42M on its way to $600M in the next 48 hours or so. With another holiday weekend on its way — New Year's Day is Friday — the industry can expect to see the picture hit $700M as soon as this weekend.
The movie, Disney noted this morning, is already the No. 2 film of 2015 (behind only Jurassic World, which grossed $652.27M domestically). It is also climbing the charts and is now the fifth top film of all time. Currently above it — and it's bound to change after this coming weekend — is Marvel's The Avengers ($623.3M), Jurassic World, Titanic ($658.6M) and No. 1 Avatar with $760.5M.
Monday's estimate is only about 28% off of Sunday's gross and is greater than most pictures make in their opening weekends. The film has pretty much toppled every box office record, most notably reaching $1B worldwide in only 12 days. It has a current international gross through Monday now of $589.6M (having made $39.4M on Monday) — and that is before it releases in China on January 9.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
ANAS Sarwar last night dramatically quit as deputy leader of the Scottish Labour party .
The Glasgow Central MP rocked the party by revealing they would follow in the footsteps of Johann Lamont by standing down .
The shock move means Scottish Labour has lost its entire leadership team in the space of a week as the SNP surge in the polls.
Sarwar announced their decision tonight at a Labour fundraising dinner in Glasgow attended by Ed Miliband .
They were given a standing ovation for stepping aside to allow a new leader and deputy leader to be elected simultaneously.
The event was expected to be dominated by Lamont's explosive resignation over the weekend in which they accused the party's Westminster leadership of treating Scotland like a “branch office” .
But Sarwar stunned the party activists in attendance by revealing that they too had decided to stand aside.
Speaking just before of the event, they told the Record: “After thinking about it long and hard over the last few days I have decided that I believe Scottish Labour should be represented by a leadership team that is focused on the Scottish Parliament.
“It has been a privilege to serve as deputy leader for the last three years and a honour I never thought I would receive.
“But I think the leadership contest that is going on now is a time for everybody to reflect on what is best for Scottish Labour.
“And after much soul searching I have come to the conclusion that I believe the Scottish Labour leadership team should be focused on Holyrood.
“I have spoken to Ed Miliband and informed them of this decision and told them I want to devote my efforts to securing a Labour victory at next year's general election and help make Ed Miliband Prime Minister.”
Sarwar said they would stay on as interim leader until Johann Lamont's successor is elected by the party on December 13 .
“The coming period offers the opportunity for the Labour membership to decide on the new leadership team.
“I will remain focused over the next seven weeks on ensuring Labour hold both the UK and Scottish governments to account and on getting the best outcome for Scotland out of the Smith Commission process for more powers for the Scottish Parliament.”
And they stressed that was not leaving the position because they shared any of Lamont's criticisms of the party leadership.
The Record understands Sarwar's departure will spark a deputy leadership contest that should see a new deputy elected at the same time as the new leader is appointed on December 13.
The latest twist in the Scottish Labour saga could be good news for leadership favourite Jim Murphy.
The Shadow International Development minister formally announced that they intend to stand for the post on Wednesday night .
They have said they want to move from Westminster to Holyrood as soon as possible but there may not be any Scottish Parliament seats available until the next election in May 2016.
But if Murphy was elected leader with an MSP as their deputy it would solve the problem of who would lead the party at Holyrood until they were installed in a seat.
Daily Record columnist Kezia Dugdale is already being tipped as favourite to bag the post.
Murphy yesterday appointed two respected MSPs - Jenny Marra and James Kelly - as the joint chairs of their leadership team. They will also be mooted for the deputy position.
Murphy's two rival leadership candidate - MSPs Neil Findlay and Sarah Boyack - have yet to unveil their leadership team.
Meanwhile, Ed Miliband addressed leadership crisis at the dinner.
Miliband told the dinner: "We meet here after a tough week for our party in Scotland and after an extraordinary year when Scotland has gone through a profound debate about its future.
“We meet here proud that in September we won the battle to keep our country together.
“And we meet here above all determined to fight to show the Scottish people that Labour can be the change they want to see.
“We heard in the referendum about what the people of Scotland want. There is a deep desire for economic and political change.
“The referendum rejected separation. However much the SNP may try and rewrite the result, the Scottish people voted for us to stay together.
“It means democratic change with more powers for a stronger Scottish Parliament."
Their problems were made worse just hours before the event when a shock Ipsos Mori poll revealed the SNP now enjoy twice the support of Scottish Labour in Westminster voting intentions.
It showed Labour would poll 23 per cent of the Scottish vote, leaving them with just four seats in Scotland.
In comparison, support for the SNP has surged to 52 per cent, giving them a projected 54 seats at Westminster.
Around 200 protesters gathered outside the Grand Central Hotel and booed as Labour members entered the building.
First Minister Alex Salmond said the Labour meltdown showed Labour couldn't be trusted in government.
“The events of recent days have simply proved what has been evident for some time, which is it that Labour is a hotbed of factionalism and poisonous infighting – between factions in Scotland and London and within those factions themselves.
“That is the reality of what their new leader in Scotland will inherit and what they will be consumed by – rather than concentrating on the issues that matter to the people of Scotland.”
Try your hand at today's news quiz
This article is from the archive of our partner .
It's funny when Michele Bachmann confuses John Wayne with John Wayne Gacy, or Elvis' birthday with the anniversary of their death. But while Bachmann's struggles with American history are amusing, their trouble nailing down the details of their own biography is a bit more disconcerting. Mother Jones' Tim Murphy reports that for years the Republican presidential candidate referred to themselves as "Dr. Michele Bachmann." The problem? She's not a doctor. And that's not the only detail from their past that Bachmann has -- to put it charitably -- trouble remembering. It seems, at least, that some of the things Bachmann tells people about themselves conflict with what reporters have found when fact-checking the statements.
Not a Doctor
Murphy reports, "Back in the late 1990s and early 2000s, when Bachmann traveled [Minnesota] as an education activist, they went by 'Dr. Michele Bachmann,' even though they had never obtained nor sought the advanced degree that's a prerequisite for the title." Guinea Pig Kids, their 2002 movie opposing a state education law, identifies them as "Dr. Michele Bachmann." Bachmann worked with the activist group Maple River Education Coalition, which put out a news release celebrating their nomination as a Republican candidate for the state legislature in 2000 that said, "Dr. Bachmann herself, who arrived at their convention with no intention of running, was shocked by their victory."
Murphy explains why that's not okay:
"Dr. Bachmann" might have given the activist a bit more gravitas, but it was not an appropriate title. Bachmann received a J.D. -- the standard law school degree -- from Oral Roberts University, and an LL.M. in tax law from William & Mary in 1988. ... But while J.D. (juris doctor) has the word "doctor" in it, it is not accepted practice for J.D.'s to refer to themselves as "Dr."
No Post-Doctorate Degree
In June, Bachmann told Fox News, "I'm not only a lawyer, I have a post-doctorate degree in federal tax law from William and Mary... I work in serious scholarship." That's not a correct characterization of their education, either. Murphy writes, "The LL.M. does count as a post-doctoral degree, as Bachmann says, because it came after they had received a 'terminal degree' -- that is, a degree that can't be directly improved upon."
Not a Tax Litigation Attorney
Bachmann occasionally still refers to themselves as a "tax litigation attorney" to show they understand how the federal government hurts average Americans with high taxes. But as Murphy notes, she's not currently authorized to practice law in Minnesota. Further, they were really more of a tax collector than a tax attorney, National Journal's Beth Reinhard and Lindsey Boerma report. As an employee of the IRS, Bachmann took a Native American activist to court for not paying taxes on $30,650 they earned with a non-profit group over three years.
Not Descended from a Long Line of Iowa Prairie Preachers Lizza reports that Bachmann told a long tale about their family's roots in Iowa to a group of voters earlier this year. They said their family moved to Iowa in the 1850s -- after reading the Muskego Manifesto, a letter written by Norweigan settlers back to the home country -- during a harsh winter, terrible floods, and a plague of locusts. But they stuck it out and founded the first Lutheran church there. But that isn't entirely true. Bachmann's ancestors arrived 12 years after the letter manifesto was written, and besides, Muskego is in Wisconsin, not Iowa. There were already Lutheran churches in the area by the time their family arrived. Not a Devoted Family Reunion Attendee This week Bachmann told Iowans they were late to an event because they were attending their annual family reunion in the state the same day. But their own mom told Politico's Ben Smith Bachmann was a no-show. And Bachmann's first cousin told NBC News that they hadn't seen the candidate at a family reunion in "about 10 years."
Not an Accidental Candidate
Bachmann likes to say they decided to challenge a more moderate Minnesota state legislator at the party's 2000 convention on the spur of the moment. They say their win was a surprise. But as The New Yorker's Ryan Lizza reports, Bachmann had actually planned on making a bid for the senate seat for at least a year.
Not From a Swing District
Bachmann has said they represent a swing district, and, as Murphy reports, she's "stated that Minnesota Democrats squeezed them out of their old Senate district and put them in a new, liberal-leaning one -- but the districts were drawn up by the courts, and their new district actually leaned red."
Never in Charge of 23 Foster Kids at Once
In 2006, Bachmann told a Christian group, "We took 23 foster children into our home, and raised them, and launched them off into the world." Likewise, Bachmann told Politico in 2008, "Every weekend now when I go home, I will go to the grocery store, I'll buy food for the family. We have five kids and 23 foster kids that we raise. So I go to the grocery store and buy a lot of food." But Bachmann didn't have any foster kids in 2008 -- they took in their last child 10 years earlier. That also makes it sound like they had all those kids at once. But as The New York Times' Sheryl Gay Stolberg reports, Bachmann was licensed to have up to three foster kids at once. Some of them were in their home for only a few months.
Earlier this month, Ron Carey, who spent six months as Bachmann's chief of staff last year, explained to The Wall Street Journal that the member of congress's staffers were frustrated they couldn't get Bachmann to quit saying things that weren't true. For example, for months they asked them to stop saying President Obama had grown the federal debt more than all previous presidents put together. "It was simply not true, and yet I could never get them to drop that line," Carey told the Journal. The story does not note whether the staff had to help Bachmann try to remember their own biography.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Darlington attract an average of 1,836 fans to their 25,000-capacity stadium
Darlington have been placed under a transfer embargo by the Football Conference, BBC Tees has learned.
The terms of the embargo, issued 12 days ago, mean the Quakers cannot sign or register personnel to the team.
Chairman Raj Singh and several players are currently in negotiations regarding wages, with some members of the squad claiming they have not been paid.
Singh has been in talks with the Professional Footballers' Association to try to resolve the situation.
Both parties met with the PFA to discuss the issue.
"I wasn't party to the meeting, because I had to nip off to take the youth team," caretaker manager Craig Liddle told BBC Tees.
"What's been said by the players and the officials at the club is that there was a lot of positivity coming out of it.
"We'll have to see how that pans out over the next few weeks."
Football Conference general manager Dennis Strudwick said: "Our role is to try to ensure clubs are sustainable. That's why we have a number of financial practices in place.
"We wouldn't normally discuss a club's business, but it's in the public domain that some of the players haven't been paid all their wages.
QUAKERS TIMELINE June 2003: Darlington move to Arena after 120 years at Feethams
April 2004: Name changed to The New Stadium as George Reynolds relinquishes control and they enter administration
March 2006: George Houghton takes control of the club from Stewart Davies
February 2009: Club go into administration again
June 2009: Vice-chairperson Raj Singh replaces Houghton
May 2010: Darlington relegated from the Football League
February 2011: Holding company goes into receivership over debt to creditors
April 2011: Stadium goes up for sale. No buyer found, so stadium passes to major creditors Scott and Sizer
October 2011: Mark Cooper and assistant Richard Dryden leave the club, Craig Liddle takes on the job
November 2011: Singh seeks offers to buy the club after revealing personal losses of £80,000 a week
December 2011: Darlington placed under a player embargo as some players claim they have not been paid
"So what we try to do is find out what is happening, why this is the case and hopefully facilitate payment in accordance with the players' contacts.
"The bottom line is, we wouldn't wish a club to increase its wage bill when it's not affording the one it's currently got.
"We're looking after the club, because we don't want it to shoot itself in the foot, and we're looking after the players because they have contracts, so we're looking for compliance with those contracts."
The Conference is hopeful of coming to agreement between Darlington, the players and the PFA, although penalties could be imposed if this is not the case.
"Ultimately we have a rule that a club must pay it's football creditors, not doing that is a breach of the rule," Strudwick continued.
"Players' wages are considered football creditors, so we will be looking at that rule, and possibly looking at charging the club for failing to pay its football creditors.
"The board is empowered to make whatever decision it wishes. All decisions made throughout the process will be reasonable."
Darlington won last season's FA Trophy, but are already out of that competition this season, lost in the first round of the FA Cup and lie 13th in the Blue Square Bet Premier.
Singh revealed in they were considering a departure from the club in November after attempts to secure a deal to acquire the stadium land from owners Graham Sizer and Phillip Scott stalled.
In addition, talks with the council to aid the purchase of that land - and remove covenants that limit its useage - have also reached deadlock.
A mixed start to the Blue Square Bet Premier season led to the departure of boss Mark Cooper in October, leaving interim boss Liddle to run both first-team and youth development squads.
Players were criticised by the chairperson for the club's poor form, who demanded that the squad took pay-cuts to ease the financial burden.
John Campbell, James Walshaw, Exodus Geohaghon, Adam Quinn and Greg Taylor have moved out on loan.
If you can't keep people employed digging holes, pay them to fill the holes they have already dug. That seems to be at least part of the logic behind a new mandate from Interior Secretary Ken Salazar.
The mandate, which the federal Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement issued, requires oil and gas companies to permanently plug about 3,500 out-of-use wells in the Gulf of Mexico. Around 650 production platforms will also have to be dismantled. If it hasn't been used for five years, then it's got to go, according to the new rules.
The change in regulations came during the six-month moratorium on deep-water drilling imposed by the Interior Department after the Gulf oil spill in April. The Obama administration maintains that the halt, which has idled 33 rigs, will cost only about 8,000 to 12,000 jobs, but other reports put the number far higher. Louisiana alone could lose around 20,000 existing and potential new jobs due to the moratorium, Gov. Bobby Jindal said in a statement.
Most of the wells that must be permanently sealed under the new regulations were "shut in," or temporarily plugged, because they were no longer cost-effective to operate. There's still some good stuff down there, but the market price does not currently justify the cost of extracting it. Previous regulations didn't require energy companies to permanently seal wells or dismantle platforms until one year after the end of a lease. This meant that as long as one well in a field was producing, numerous other wells in the same field could be shut in with temporary caps.
The industry term for all this unused extraction infrastructure is "idle iron."
Using temporary plugs, rather than permanent ones, allows oil and gas companies to return to old wells if they become economically viable again. When prices are low, a company may not be able to operate a marginal well profitably. If prices climb, it can be worthwhile for the company to put that well back into operation. Improvements in technology can also make it worth restarting production, by making more oil or gas accessible or by making it easier to extract the accessible reserves.
Keeping shut-in wells is an important part of many energy companies' business models. An oil and gas partnership that our firm manages always has at least a few wells shut in at any given time, and some of those wells stay shut in for years. (Since these wells are all onshore, they aren't subject to the administration's new policy.) Permanently plugging idle wells in the Gulf of Mexico could cause oil and gas companies to lose $6 billion to $18 billion in revenue from future production, Mark Kaiser, director of Research and Development at the Center for Energy Studies at Louisiana State University, told The Wall Street Journal.
Nevertheless, the government insists that complying with the new regulation will benefit oil and gas companies. In a Notice to Lessees, the Interior Department told operators in the Gulf of Mexico that "This idle infrastructure poses a potential threat to the OCS [Outer Continental Shelf] environment and is a financial liability to you and possibly the Federal government if subsequently destroyed or damaged in a future event such as a hurricane." The notice warns that the potential costs of dealing with old infrastructure damaged in a storm "may even impact the future viability of your company."
This language is clearly intended to evoke fear of a BP-scale disaster. But to have a big oil spill, you need to have a lot of oil, such as in an exploratory well that strikes a gusher or in a producing field that has plenty of natural pressure. This is not the sort of thing that happens in a well that is closed due to low productivity.
Occasionally, high-producing wells are shut in because the necessary pipeline infrastructure is not ready or because of unfavorable leasing conditions or market prices. But most of the time, if a well isn't in operation, it is because there isn't a whole lot in it.
The true risk for disaster comes from drilling new wells. If the Macondo blowout taught us anything, it is that new drilling carries a certain level of risk that is not present with old holes.
By requiring old wells to be permanently shut down, the government is ensuring more drilling in the future. As market or technological changes make operating in previously abandoned fields profitable again, companies that once might have been able to simply reopen old wells will instead have to drill new ones. Like the Cash for Clunkers program that sent serviceable cars to the junkyard in an effort to spur new production, the clampdown on idle iron amounts to a waste of existing materials.
But while oil and gas companies lose valuable assets, workers suffering from the drilling moratorium may gain jobs. Kaiser estimated that the new regulations will prompt companies to put $1.4 billion to $3.5 billion into closing off old wells and dismantling out-of-use platforms. The decline in industry spending due to the moratorium is around $1.8 billion, according to an administration report. Shares of Hercules Offshore, Inc., and Seahawk Drilling, two of the firms most active in the business of dismantling platforms and decommissioning wells, jumped 7.5 percent and 6.6 percent respectively the day the mandate was issued, according to The Washington Post.
As the Obama administration struggles to persuade Americans that the economy is on the path toward recovery without uttering that now-taboo s-word, it is hard not to see the "idle iron" mandate as, at least in part, a politically-motivated make-work program, disguised as environmentalism. The program allows the administration to offer a bone to hard-hit Gulf Coast states, while pretending to the rest of the country that it is protecting our ocean and coastlines.
If something is a real environmental hazard, by all means let's get it cleaned up. But a country that is in hock up to its highest portholes ought to think twice before it abandons potentially valuable wells just to give workers something to do.
For more articles on financial, business, and other topics, view the Palisades Hudson newsletter, Sentinel, or subscribe to my daily opinion column, Current Commentary.
(Image: Lauren Walker / Truthout)
Since taking office, Trump has aimed to undo Obama's labor legacy and, to date, he's been fairly successful. Their next target is the previous administration's 2011 amendments to the Fair Labor Standards Act. Obama's modifications quietly changed the rules on tips: they dictated that workers own their tips regardless of whether they're paid a low tipped wage (currently $2.13 an hour under federal law) or the federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour. Prior to the rule being implemented, restaurants controlled the tips and they were able to pool them together and distribute them among their kitchen staff. On December 4, the Labor Department announced plans to eliminate the rule. On October 24, the Office of Management and Budget announced that it has received a proposal from the US Department of Labor to rescind them.
“Taking away federal protections on tips — and whether employers can pocket them — is far from the most effective tool in addressing inequality.”
Critics of the Obama rule claim that a restaurant's ability to pool tips enables businesses to spread earnings more equitably, increasing pay for “back of the house” workers like line cooks and dishwashers. It's an interesting argument to hear from conservatives, who often rail against the dangers of redistribution. “When it comes to restaurant tipping, the Trump administration apparently thinks socialism is best,” wrote David Lazarus at the Los Angeles Times.
The National Employment Law Center's Director of Research Raj Nayak says that the Trump administration's rhetoric around tips is being used to conceal a much better solution: If employers are genuinely concerned with the wages of their kitchen staffs, they could pay them more money.
“We all care about more equity in the restaurant industry, but taking away federal protections on tips — and whether employers can pocket them — is far from the most effective tool in addressing inequality,” Nayak told Truthout. “Restaurants could take steps to raise wages for their back-of-the-house staff — joining the increasing number of low-wage employers around the country who have acknowledged that creating good jobs is actually good for business.”
Jennifer, a server who works at a restaurant in the Dallas area and relies on their tips for income, says they believe that the rule won't only impact employees like herself, but that it will ultimately be bad for the back-of-the-house staff as well. “I see this as a long-reaching plan to strip those hard-working employees of their benefits and promotions,” they told Truthout. “As a server, we're used to being left to fend for ourselves, so to speak. Those who are [back-of-the-house staff] rely on the steady pay and the benefits that come with it…. Servers don't really get benefits; they regulate our hours pretty hard…. Managers save a lot of money because servers are paid by tips, so it would make sense to try and find a way to slash pay or benefits to hourly employees. They've exploited all they can out of those earning $2.13; now it's time to go after the [workers] making $10.”
The Other NRA
Trump's tip-pooling decision comes after heavy lobbying from the National Restaurant Association, an organization that represents restaurant owners. The group — which is sometimes referred to as “the Other NRA” by critics because of its lobbying power — spent almost $4 million lobbying during the 2016 election cycle, and they've found a powerful ally in the president.
The National Restaurant Association has lobbied against pro-worker policies for years, vigorously fighting minimum wage hikes and paid sick leave rules in a number of cities. In 2011, it spent $100,000 opposing a paid sick day ballot initiative in Denver, which it successfully fended off. After New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo raised the state's minimum wage in 2015, the organization filed a petition against the decision with the New York Industrial Board of Appeals and, after that was rejected, it filed a formal appeal against that board in New York State Supreme Court. The court upheld Cuomo's increase in June 2016.
Trump's tip-pooling move would give more power to businesses in an industry where wage theft is already rampant.
The National Restaurant Association insisted that pay increases could destroy New York's restaurant industry, and repeated the same warnings when Seattle implemented a law to raise the city's minimum wage in 2015. Various studies indicate that this assessment is incorrect, but the National Restaurant Association has a history of predicting economic calamities that never arise, corresponding to advances in worker rights. Before “Fight for $15” and Obama's tip-pooling rule were in their crosshairs, one of the association's major targets was restaurant smoking bans. The National Restaurant Association claimed that the bans would potentially tank the industry and successfully delayed their implementation in many areas through the efforts of its state trade associations.
Trump and the National Restaurant Association
Donald Trump's first pick for labor secretary was Andrew Puzder. Puzder was the CEO of CKE Restaurants, the parent company of Carl's Jr. and Hardee's, and also an active member of the National Restaurant Association. Puzder had been one of Trump's biggest supporters on the campaign trail and was named a “Presidential Trustee” to the Trump Victory PAC after donating $75,000 to the PAC directly and bundling additional funds for Trump. Puzder's nomination was predictably celebrated by the NRA. “We are excited that Andy Puzder will serve as our nation's next Secretary of Labor,” said National Restaurant Association's president and CEO Dawn Sweeney in a statement. “He has a proven track record of turning around struggling businesses, and their background in the restaurant industry will help foster an environment for job creation.”
Not only was Puzder an opponent of minimum-wage laws, overtime rules and universal health care, they openly pined for a day when they could replace their workers with robots. “They're always polite, they always upsell, they never take a vacation, they never show up late, there's never a slip-and-fall, or an age, sex, or race discrimination case,” Puzder told Business Insider in 2016. Puzder's restaurants also experienced high rates of wage theft and sexual harassment. Shortly after being tapped for labor secretary, Puzder was sued for allegedly running a wage-fixing scheme to benefit managers at theirs businesses.
Puzder's nomination eventually fell apart. Not only was they criticized for their business practices, but past allegations of domestic abuse resurfaced and they admitted to employing an undocumented immigrant as a housekeeper. They withdrew their name for consideration the night before their Senate confirmation after it became clear that they lacked the necessary votes.
After the departure of Puzder, Trump nominated Florida International University law school dean Alexander Acosta to be secretary of labor. Acosta was narrowly confirmed and perceived by many as a moderate alternative to Puzder, but Acosta's leadership certainly hasn't weakened the administration's relationship with the National Restaurant Association. Just one example: In October, Trump ordered the Labor Department to create a Task Force on Apprenticeship Expansion to help guide the administration's strategy on apprenticeships going forward. The task force is stacked with insiders — including National Restaurant Association CEO Dawn Sweeney.
Support for Trump's Policies
The National Restaurant Association has been a huge supporter of the Trump administration and GOP's tax plan. After Trump released details of the plan's framework at the end of September, the organization praised the administration for attempting to lower corporate tax rates. “The National Restaurant Association applauds the tax reform framework,” declared the NRA's executive vice president of public affairs Cicely Simpson in a statement. “We look forward to engaging with the President and Congress as the negotiations regarding tax reform continue.”
On immigration, the National Restaurant Association had originally urged “balance” in Trump's controversial travel ban, asking the president to consider the impact that such an executive order would have on small businesses. However, the organization has since come out in support of a vast e-verify system for workers and enhanced border security.
But perhaps nothing unites the National Restaurant Association and Trump administration as much as the quest to permanently destroy the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The National Restaurant Association aggressively lobbied against the law under Obama. After its passage, the organization filed an amicus brief in support of the National Federation of Independent Business's lawsuit against the legislation. According to a 2014 report put out by the Restaurant Opportunities Center, the National Restaurant Association created an online “Knowledge Center” with tools to help members urge lawmakers to change the ACA's definition of full-time employment.
The National Restaurant Association's efforts paid off as Congress ultimately voted to change the ACA's definition of full-time work from 30 hours to 40 hours. The change allowed companies with 50 or more employees to withhold health insurance for employees working under 40 hours, without facing any penalty. The Trump administration has dealt the ACA blow after blow since taking control, most recently ditching subsidies for health insurance companies that help pay out-of-pocket costs for low-income individuals. The move was lauded by the National Restaurant Association.
More Power for Owners
Trump's tip-pooling move would give more power to businesses in an industry where wage theft is already rampant. The Economic Policy Institute (EPI) recently released a report that assessed minimum wage violations in the 10 most populous US states. The EPI found that 2.4 million workers are reportedly paid less than the minimum wage in their state. This amounts to about $8 billion in stolen wages every year and, if these states' numbers are in line with the rest of the country, the national number is probably around $15 billion. According to some studies, one in five workers is already having their tips stolen. This reality is set to get worse with Trump's Labor Department making decisions and a powerful industry group guiding policy.
CLOSE Former Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation agent Larry Hedlund reacts to being fired Wednesday, July 17, 2013. The Des Moines Register
Veteran Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation agent complained about how the incident was handled.
Former Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation agent Larry Hedlund was fired late this morning after a period of tension with their bosses at the Iowa Department of Public Safety. (Photo: Mary Willie, Des Moines Register) Story Highlights Larry Hedlund was put on leave two days after complaining about the incident
Hedlund and state troopers did not initially know the vehicle was the governor's
Department of Public Safety said firing was not a "result of their complaint of the speeding" SUV
DES MOINES, Iowa -- A former Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation agent who encouraged troopers to pull over a speeding vehicle that contained the Iowa governor was fired Wednesday at the conclusion of a 2 1/2-month internal investigation.
Larry Hedlund, 55, said they now intend to sue the state.
"I've been treated like a criminal," Hedlund told The Des Moines Register a few hours after they learned they had been fired. "The best analogy I can give you is that they investigated me like I was a murderer, and in the process they murdered my career."
According to paperwork that state officials gave Hedlund on Wednesday, the 25-year veteran investigator was fired for sending "negative and disrespectful messages" about DCI leaders in emails to their subordinates, for misusing a state-owned car on April 26, and for being "deceptive" about their work status in subsequent conversations with their supervisor.
STORY: Review of Iowa governor's speeding vehicle underway
DOCUMENT: Firing documentation
"After careful consideration, it is apparent that your employment with the Iowa Department of Public Safety has been counterproductive to the best interests of the department," concludes the notice signed by DCI Director Charis Paulson. "Your actions and deportment represent behavior that is unacceptable and warrants discharge."
Hedlund, who was paid $96,518 in 2012, had no previous discipline on their record. They were suspended two days after they filed a formal complaint with their bosses that lamented their own failure to do more to stop Gov. Terry Branstad's speeding vehicle on April 26.
Recordings obtained by the Register earlier this month show Hedlund was headed west on U.S 20 when they telephoned a state dispatcher on April 26 and asked to have troopers stop a Chevy Tahoe that they estimated to be doing "a hard 90." Troopers eventually clocked the vehicle's speed at 84 mph.
“The best analogy I can give you is that they investigated me like I was a murderer, and in the process they murdered my career.” Larry Hedlund, former Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation agent
Neither Hedlund nor the responding troopers knew it was Branstad's vehicle, however, until pursuing Trooper Matt Eimers caught up with it and recognized the Tahoe as "Car 1." The vehicle, which had a license plate not listed in state computerized records, then was being driven by Trooper Steve Lawrence.
Hedlund emailed their complaint to Paulson on April 29. Several hours later, Paulson canceled a previously scheduled meeting where Hedlund expected to get "a speech" about their lack of support for DCI policy changes. A formal complaint was filed against them the next day.
The day after that, according to Hedlund, the state sent two assistant DCI directors and an Iowa State Patrol trooper to their home to tell them they were relieved of duty.
"'This is not right,'" Hedlund on Wednesday quoted one of the supervisors as saying then. "'This is not how it's done. But this is what the commissioner said to do.'"
RELATED: Trooper speeding revealed in Corzine crash
RELATED: Crash puts focus on Janklow's driving record
Public Safety Commissioner K. Brian London referred questions to Lt. Robert Hansen, the department's spokesperson, who noted that "work rule violations" were on record against Hedlund before April 26. The ultimate investigation was launched by Paulson, but would have been reviewed by London as part of any normal disciplinary process, they said.
The public safety department, in a press release, said that disciplinary action resulted from the investigation into Hedlund's actions. The release stressed that "Hedlund did not receive discipline as a result of their complaint of the speeding state vehicle."
The formal termination papers quote extensively from what Hedlund described as emails they sent to subordinates lambasting a coming policy change requiring DCI officers to type their own reports instead of dictating them.
In this Nov. 2, 2011, photo a black SUV carrying Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad, and a police escort, unseen in front, travel a reopened stretch of Interstate 680. A trooper pursued the same state vehicle carrying Branstad on April 26 that was speeding 90 miles per hour on an Iowa highway, but declined to pull the driver over after realizing who was in the vehicle, according to records released Tuesday, July 2, 2013. (Photo: AP)
The comments viewed as objectionable by the state include references by Hedlund that Paulson showed "a glaring and fundamental lack of understanding and appreciation of what the agents do in the field" and to Hedlund's belief that "they are making plans to go backwards about 20 years with reports, in my opinion."
Hedlund, in their interview with the Register, concedes that they at times was "outspoken" and "passionate" about their policy disagreements with supervisors. Hedlund said they expected an eventual talking-to, but they never thought they would be fired "because of my tone."
"We do very serious work," Hedlund said. "We do very demanding work. We deal with cases where little children are murdered and sexually abused and adults are murdered. You know, it's not for the faint of heart. It tends to make you a little bit blunt."
Meanwhile, Hedlund said they still have not had any word on the state's pending review of driving habits by the troopers who transport Branstad and other state dignitaries.
"The only communication I have received about the Department of Public Safety or from my chain of command as a result of that email … was 'please explain why I am on Highway 20,'" Hedlund said. "I believe 100 percent that had the press not gotten involved and gotten a copy of that video, there's no way that ever would have been investigated."
Branstad at first stressed their faith in the troopers who transport them and said they try not to be a backseat driver. But Lt. Gov. Kim Reynolds later acknowledged an ongoing state review of how troopers drive while transporting executives between events and how those events should be scheduled.
"We're going to make every attempt to stick to, to absolute follow the law," Reynolds said. "That's our intent."
CLOSE RAW VIDEO: Iowa State Patrol troopers, alerted by Division of Criminal Investigation Special Agent in Charge Larry Hedlund, clocked Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad's vehicle doing 84 mph on April 26. Five days later, Hedlund was placed on leave. The Des Moines Register
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/16JN4hZ
What's in a name? In the case of the usernames of video gamers, a remarkable amount of information about their real world personalities, according to research by psychologists at the University of York.
Analysis of anonymised data from one of the world's most popular computer games by scientists in the Department of Psychology at York also revealed information about their ages.
Professor Alex Wade and PhD student Athanasios Kokkinakis, a PhD student on the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council-funded Intelligent Games and Game Intelligence (IGGI) project, analysed data from League of Legends, a game played by around 70 million people worldwide..
The researchers say that mining of video game data could become an important area of research into the personalities of players, as well as potentially providing evidence of clinical disorders such as autism, sociopathy or addictive personality. The research is published in Computers in Human Behavior.
The developer of League of Legends, Riot Games provided 500,000 data points for the analysis. These anonymised data contained user names, information on the in-game behaviour of players and the reaction of other gamers – the latter from the post-match ‘Honour' and ‘Report' feedback each player can file. The study is the first to use this methodology to examine player interaction in a multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) game.
The researchers found that where a player incorporated a profanity or other anti-social expression in their user name, they tended to adopt similar anti-social behaviour in the game environment. Conversely, they found that positive in-game behaviour such as rapid learning, team building or leadership might correlate both with positive usernames and with positive personality traits in the real world.
The psychologists also discovered that where numbers featured in user names, it often provided an indication of the age of players.
Professor Wade said: “Video games can provide a wealth of useful population-level information on developmental, cognitive and psychological processes. We found that people who have anti-social names tend to behave in an anti-social way within the game. Younger people behave poorly and older people less so.
“This data is like a window on individual players' personalities so we believe that we might be able to use video games a way of testing people's personalities.”
Athanasios Kokkinakis added: “We think this is just the tip of the iceberg – these massive datasets offer an unprecedented tool for studying human psychology across the globe.”
About this psychology research
Funding: The study was funded by Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council.
Source: David Garner – University of York
Image Source: The image is credited to Riot Games
Original Research: Full open access research for “What's in a name? Ages and names predict the valence of social interactions in a massive online game” by Athanasios V. Kokkinakis, Jeff Lin, Davin Pavlas, and Alex R. Wade in Computers in Human Behavior. Published online November 12 2015 doi:10.1016/j.chb.2015.09.034
Abstract
What's in a name? Ages and names predict the valence of social interactions in a massive online game
Multi-player online battle arena games (MOBAs) are large virtual environments requiring complex problem-solving and social interaction. We asked whether these games generate psychologically interesting data about the players themselves. Specifically, we asked whether user names, which are chosen by players outside of the game itself, predicted in-game behaviour. To examine this, we analysed a large anonymized dataset from a popular MOBA (‘League of Legends') – by some measures the most popular game in the world.
We find that user names contain two pieces of information that correlate with in-game social behaviour. Both player age (estimated from numerical sequences within name) and the presence of highly anti-social words are correlated with the valences of player/player interactions within the game.
Our findings suggest that players' real-world characteristics influence behaviour and interpersonal interactions within online games. Anonymized statistics derived from such games may therefore be a valuable tool for studying psychological traits across global populations.
“What's in a name? Ages and names predict the valence of social interactions in a massive online game” by Athanasios V. Kokkinakis, Jeff Lin, Davin Pavlas, and Alex R. Wade in Computers in Human Behavior. Published online November 12 2015 doi:10.1016/j.chb.2015.09.034
Feel free to share this neuroscience article.
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
Nov. 7, 2013, 11:44 PM GMT By Danika Fears
David Trumble's re-imagining of female icons as Disney princesses. Today
What would some of the world's most famous female icons look like if they received the Disney treatment? Would Hillary Clinton have wide eyes and an impossible hourglass figure? Might Ruth Bader Ginsberg sit on the bench in sparkly black robes? And would it change the way we think of Belle and Cinderella?
British cartoonist David Trumble explores these questions in a series of satirical drawings depicting famous feminist role models from past and present history as Disney princesses — with big bright eyes, sparkly dresses and pearly white smiles. By highlighting the reductive nature of Disney's depictions of princesses, the self-described feminist said their ultimate goal is to expose the absurdity of Disney's penchant for forcing heros of different backgrounds and personalities into a single cookie-cutter mold.
“Our children come to role models through fiction before anything else,” Trumble told TODAY.com. “We shouldn't have a hero's individual greatness squeezed into one archetype.”
Today
Though their work first appeared on the Huffington Post last May, the cartoons re-emerged on the blog Women You Should Know last week, where they quickly gained more than a million page views and stirred up impassioned discussions that reverberated around the web.
Some didn't understand the satire, while others charged Trumble with not making their intent explicit enough. Several commenters shared their daughters' reactions to the drawings, with some saying their children were eager to learn more about each woman's background.
“Sadly, (my daughter) was immediately drawn to the sparkly dresses, but on the flip side it made them ask questions about these women and they were genuinely excited to know each and every one of their backstories,” Marijayne Renny commented.
Today
Trumble said all the new attention has been “a bit bewildering,” though they were more prepared to take the criticism in stride this time around. They don't mind that not everyone understood their point.
“I feel like good satire shouldn't be understood by everybody,” they said. “Some people were angry at me because they thought I was reducing the women, which was obviously the point. But if it gets children interested in these real women and what they do, is it so bad?”
They also blame some of the reaction on the Internet, where images can go viral without offering further explanation.
Today
While Trumble said they respect everyone's point of view and appreciates the arguments that their work has provoked, there was one criticism they especially considered. Many people took issue with Anne Frank being labeled “Holocaust Princess,” so they changed their name to “Diary Princess,” agreeing that they should be defined by their achievements rather than the suffering they endured, as the rest of the women are.
"I wanted to make it a dark satire, but in retrospect I realize that was the wrong choice," they said. "I think it's wrong to define them by their victimization."
Today
Trumble was initially struck with the idea for the project in the wake of Disney's controversial makeover of Princess Merida of “Brave” last May. In certain images created for their “special coronation,” the princess sported a new sultry look, complete with a cleavage-baring dress and cinched waist.
“She was designed to be an antidote of the princess model. She's wild, athletic, unruly and not proportioned like a typical character,” Trumble said. “They homogenized them and brought them back into the mold that the creator had worked so hard to deconstruct. They took two steps back in that way.”
Today
They aren't the only one concerned with Disney's treatment of femininity: A Feminist Disney blog explores many of the same issues and Meridith Viguet offers a humorous breakdown of princess proportions on DeviantArt. A few years back, The Second City Network served up a series of satirical videos offering advice for young girls from Disney princesses. Trumble said all the attention being paid to princesses is a sign of progress.
“It's actually a very positive thing,” they said. “I don't think the agenda should be to destroy Disney or be iconoclastic but to reach out and start this debate. Filmmakers are starting to think outside that mold, and there are a lot more exciting characters coming out of Disney. I'm a fan.”
Today
Today
Today
Today
Ben Carson has surged into the lead of the Republican presidential race, getting support from 29% of GOP primary voters, according to a brand-new NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll.
That's the highest percentage any GOP candidate has obtained so far in the survey.
Carson's 29% is followed by Donald Trump at 23%, Marco Rubio at 11%, Ted Cruz at 10% and Jeb Bush at 8%. These findings are similar to a New York Times/CBS poll released last week, which also showed Carson in first place in the national GOP contest.
RELATED: GOP campaigns craft letter to networks with debate format changes
If past polling has been about Trump leading the GOP field, “then this survey is about Dr. Ben Carson, who is currently the man to beat for the Republicans,” says Democratic pollster Fred Yang, whose firm Hart Research Associates conducted this survey with Republican pollster Bill McInturff.
The NBC/WSJ poll was conducted Oct. 25-29, so before and after last week's third Republican presidential debate hosted by CNBC.
Earlier this month – before that debate – Trump was ahead of the GOP contest at 25% (then the high-water mark for any Republican candidate in the poll), Carson was at 22%, Rubio at 13%, Cruz at 9% and Bush at 8%.
In addition to leading the GOP field, Carson also becomes the first GOP candidate in the NBC/WSJ poll to get majority support as either a first or second choice among GOP primary voters.
A combined 50% of Republican voters pick Carson as either their first or second choice in the GOP presidential race – followed by 35% for Trump, 24% for Rubio and 23% for Cruz.
“[Carson] has broad support, but we don't know yet the depth and commitment of that support,” Yang says.
“It doesn't mean it is enduring,” but it's still noteworthy that a majority of Republicans pick Carson as either their first or second choice, adds GOP pollster McInturff.
And while there's still plenty of time for an establishment GOP candidate to beat Carson or Trump, Democratic pollster Peter Hart wonders if the 2016 Republican race is shaping up to resemble 1964, when Barry Goldwater won the GOP nomination.
“What if the cake is baked?” Hart asks. “This is not a status-quo electorate.”
This NBC/WSJ poll was conducted (by telephone and cell phone) from Oct. 25-29 and surveyed 400 GOP primary voters. It has a margin of error of plus-minus 4.9 percentage points.
Dog clutch used to drive the rotating platter in a microwave oven
A dog clutch is a type of clutch that couples two rotating shafts or other rotating components not by friction but by interference. The two parts of the clutch are designed such that one will push the other, causing both to rotate at the same speed and will never slip.
Dog clutches are used where slip is undesirable and/or the clutch is not used to control torque. Without slippage, dog clutches are not affected by wear in the same way that friction clutches are.
Dog clutches are used inside manual automotive transmissions to lock different gears to the rotating input and output shafts. A synchromesh arrangement ensures smooth engagement by matching the shaft speeds before the dog clutch is allowed to engage.
A good example of a simple dog clutch can be found in a Sturmey-Archer bicycle hub gear,[1] where a sliding cross-shaped clutch is used to lock the driver assembly to different parts of the planetary geartrain.
In engineering, a "dog" is a tool or device used to lock two components in relation to each other.
References [ edit ]
A worm wiggles.
It's a process as old as time, but there's a twist: This worm is a bit of open-source software that encodes biological data gleaned from decades of scientific study into the nematode C. elegans. The parameters are programmed, but the worm acted on its own.
Why a worm? Well, the widely studied nematode was the first multicellular organism to have its entire genome mapped. With just 1,031 cells and 302 neurons, the 1 millimeter-long transparent worm is a manageable animal to recreate as a software-based artificial life form.
The simple life form nevertheless moves, mates, eats and even socializes, and replicating it using computer code may yield some biological insights into the biological bases for those behaviors.
The project built from the bottom up, translating data on cells, DNA, neural structures and so on into computer code, in the hopes of driving a simulation that would display the same behaviors as a naturally occurring worm. If the simulation goes wrong, finding the fix can lead to more conventional biological science.
“We've started from a cellular approach so we are building behavior of individual cells and we are trying to get the cells to perform those behaviors. We are starting with simple crawling. The main point is that we want the worm's overall behavior to emerge from the behavior of each of its cells put together,” the worm's makers, called the OpenWorm project, say on their website.
The project recently managed to get the digital worm to swim very much like a real nematode would.
The software nematode above is perhaps the first multicellular artificial life form to be fully simulated (though so far only movement has been executed), but software has been used since the early 1990s to establish systems that evolve on their own according to set parameters.
Early on, artificial life creators saw that the technique could be used to model evolution in order to obtain more data faster than nature's epically (epochally?) slow processes can provide. Evolution remains the focus of much work in a-life, as it's called.
Simulating processes, like evolution, can be a more rigorous scientific process than simulating an organism because the results are more definitive, Arend Hintze, a developmental biologist and geneticist at Michigan State University, told Singularity Hub.
“Doing computational research is rather hard: What you find doesn't necessarily translate into the real world. When you get a simulation going, then technically you have the black box organism and another black box virtual organism: Just because they look the same doesn't mean they are the same,” they said.
The a-life field is trying “to get away from stuff [like OpenWorm] that's cool and looks great and invokes powerful emotion in us to stuff that's really hardcore science,” Hintze said.
But they had to admit the that artificial worm is indeed cool and represents a major achievement.
Perspectiva Corporum Regularium (Perspective of regular solids), created in 1568 by German goldsmith and printmaker Wenzel Jamnitzer (1508–1585) and available online through the Getty Research Institute, is a study in shapes inspired by the five Platonic solids: tetrahedron, cube, octahedron, dodecahedron, and icosahedron. An article by Frank J. Swetz on the Mathematical Association of America's website explains that the Platonic solids were thought to be the building blocks of four basic types of matter: tetrahedron of fire, octahedron of air, cube of earth, water of icosahedron. The 10-faced solid — the dodecahedron — symbolized heaven and the universe.
In Perspectiva Corporum Regularium, Jamnitzer rotates and carves each of the solids to demonstrate how they might function as the building blocks of the world. Though science has since demonstrated the atom to be the most basic part of all matter, Jamnitzer's studies possess a captivating artistic merit. With the manipulation, repetition, and layering of basic shapes, they seem like distant precursors to Minimalism and its concerns.
Jamnitzer sometimes sketches solids in sculptural positioning — a shape upon a pedestal — enhancing an understanding of the three-dimensional form in space. The resulting manipulations are often so varied it can be hard to discern from which Platonic solid they originated. This is Jamnitzer's point: to show that all matter might be constituted by these primary shapes. Although our understanding of the essence of matter has changed, interestingly, the underlying concept of building blocks has not. All matter is constituted of molecules made of atoms, adding up to their own kind of minimal, molecular geometry.
WASHINGTON — In a clear warning to Syria to stop the transfer of advanced weapons to Islamic militants in the region, a senior Israeli official signaled on Wednesday that Israel was considering additional military strikes to prevent that from happening and that the Syrian president, Bashar al-Assad, would face crippling consequences if they retaliated.
“Israel is determined to continue to prevent the transfer of advanced weapons to Hezbollah,” the Israeli official said. “The transfer of such weapons to Hezbollah will destabilize and endanger the entire region.”
“If Syrian President Assad reacts by attacking Israel, or tries to strike Israel through their terrorist proxies,” the official said, “he will risk forfeiting their regime, for Israel will retaliate.”
The Israeli official, who had been briefed by high-level officials on Israel's assessment of the situation in Syria, declined to be identified, citing the need to protect internal Israeli government deliberations. They contacted The New York Times on Wednesday.
Halifax regional council has asked municipal staff to take another look at the proposed cuts totalling $780,000 for next year's budget of the parks and recreation department.
The $26.2-million budget includes a long list of changes to a variety of programs outlined by Brad Anguish, the director of the department.
"I will say from the top, this was difficult," said Anguish. "What we've done is a combination of things."
Cuts include lifeguard service at 4 beaches
Among the changes are cuts to the lifeguard service at four of 23 supervised beaches in the municipality. The number of portable washrooms will also be reduced and ongoing maintenance for facilities will be scaled back.
Coun. Waye Mason, District 7 Halifax South Downtown, objected to the cuts to maintenance.
"That's walking back from everything we've been doing for the past four years," said Mason.
Other councillors are unhappy with proposed reductions to support for volunteers, as well as monitors for sports fields.
Coun. Tim Outhit said the budget allocates just $60,000 for protecting multimillion-dollar artificial turf fields.
"One ATV could shred [them] in matter of a few minutes," said Outhit, who represents District 16, Bedford.
Budget session coming up
Regional council has asked staff to come back with the financial impact of reinstating the programs.
The options will be discussed at another budget session Feb. 10.
Mason has also asked for a report on how to increase the budget for the parks and recreation department over the following four years.
"I think we are really in an emperor has no clothes moment," they said. "The parks and rec department is 20 to 50 per cent below other municipalities."
LOS ANGELES (CBSLA.com) — Protesters spilled into the streets near downtown L.A.'s immigration detention center Thursday evening, angry over claims that immigration officers conducted sweeps across the Southland earlier Thursday. They say resulted in the arrests of dozens of undocumented immigrants.
“Shut down ICE,” they shouted.
The crowd blocked the on-ramp to the southbound 101 Freeways at Aliso and Los Angeles streets for a chunk of the evening commute. For several hours the protest remained mostly peaceful.
“This is the kind of situation we feared, and here it is,” CHIRLA Executive Director, Angelica Salas, said.
The coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights – or CHIRLA – says they had a surge in calls Thursday from attorneys reporting arrests and detentions of undocumented clients. The organization claims those taken into custody are not getting due process.
“It happens every day, but it's happening in a large scale now,” a protester said.
“As we were coming here there were five vans and one bus that left this detention center,” CHIRLA Political Director, Polonio Morales, said.
Immigration officials deny there was any spike in arrests, telling CBSLA their immigration enforcement actions are ongoing and that arrests are made routinely. An ICE official says they prioritize cases based on a number of factors including immigration and criminal history.
Those words did little to quiet protesters who believe undocumented immigrants are now prime targets for arrest.
Image caption Taxpayers are now spending £1.5bn per year on Sellafield, the authority said
The cost of cleaning up the Sellafield nuclear waste site has reached £67.5bn with no sign of when the cost will stop rising, according to a report.
The Public Accounts Committee's report said deadlines to clean the Cumbria site had been missed, leaving crucial decommissioning projects over budget.
It suggested successive governments have failed to "get to grips" with the hoards of waste stored at the site.
The Nuclear Decommissioning Authority said it is facing up to the challenges.
Set up in 2005 as an "arm's length" government body, the authority is responsible for managing the UK's nuclear waste.
Last week Cumbria County Council rejected proposals to build a new underground nuclear waste storage facility in the area, deciding not to press ahead with a study for a possible site.
'Enormous legacy'
The Public Accounts Committee report follows criticisms by the National Audit Office (NAO) in November.
There needs to be immediate change at the top of the consortium and a radical re-evaluation of the piecemeal hiving-off of the nuclear sector to private companies that are clearly ill-equipped to cope Gary Smith, GMB union
The NAO said rundown buildings posed "intolerable risks to people and the environment".
Margaret Hodge MP, chairperson of the committee, said an "enormous legacy" of nuclear waste had been allowed to build up at the plant.
"Over decades, successive governments have failed to get to grips with this critical problem, to the point where the total lifetime cost of decommissioning the site has now reached £67.5 billion, and there's no indication of when that cost will stop rising," they said.
"Furthermore, now that Cumbria County Council has ruled out West Cumbria as the site of the proposed geological disposal facility, a solution to the problem of long-term storage of the waste is as far away as ever."
The committee's report also calls for a "real sense of urgency" to avoid risk and costs escalating.
'Tough decisions'
John Clarke, chief executive officer of the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority (NDA), said prior to the NDA's formation there was no credible lifetime plan for Sellafield.
What is radioactive waste? Material containing levels of radioactivity hazardous to humans and the environment
Usually a by-product of nuclear power generation - 95% of UK's radioactive waste comes from the nuclear power industry
Waste is categorised by its radioactivity level - high (heat-generating), intermediate and low
High level waste (HLW) is the liquid by-product of reprocessing highly-radioactive spent nuclear fuel
HLW is converted into glass blocks within steel containers, then placed in a store where it is cooled by air - for at least 50 years Source: Department of Energy and Climate Change (DECC) Watch how Sellafield is being decommissioned Fission: How is nuclear power generated?
They said: "Tough decisions about how we ultimately decommission the site had simply been put off for future generations to deal with.
"We are now facing up to those challenges and for the first time we have a proper plan in place for the decommissioning of Sellafield.
"Since the creation of the NDA in 2005, the financial investment at Sellafield has increased from £900m to over £1.5bn a year.
"Of course, not everything has gone smoothly on such a complex and highly-technical programme, and the report has rightly pointed to areas where we and the site need to do better."
The Public Accounts Committee said 12 of the site's 14 projects were behind schedule and five of them over budget.
'Lack of trust'
"This is an area of considerable deprivation with high unemployment. We are looking for there to be clearer ambition that spending on this huge scale contributes to creating jobs and supports sustainable growth in the region and the UK," said Mrs Hodge, the Labour MP for Barking and former minister.
Gary Smith, national officer of the GMB union, said: "There is an increasing lack of trust in the consortium that runs the site both amongst the workforce and the wider community.
"There needs to be immediate change at the top of the consortium and a radical re-evaluation of the piecemeal hiving-off of the nuclear sector to private companies that are clearly ill-equipped to cope and have little interest in ensuring Britain has world-class nuclear facilities."
Last Wednesday's county council decision saw the authority's cabinet vote against progressing to the next stage of a process that would have seen studies take place in search of a suitable location for an underground nuclear dump.
Cumbria was the only area still considering housing the repository.
About 9,000 people are employed at Sellafield where radioactive waste lies in ponds and silos.
It's not Sun Spots this time I discovered the source of my 396 interference and lost satellite tracking ability. It turns out my new Sennheiser S1 headset is causing the problem. I was able to duplicate the problem several times on the ground using the Garmin in the Satellite detect mode. As soon as I turned on the S1 the satellites started to drop out. This isn't good, especially since I love the new S1. I still need to verify if it's also screwing up the ipad which I also love. It is not affecting my King KMD150. The GPS antenna on the 150 is outside in front of the wind shield. The Garmin antenna is mounted on the seat back rest balk head. Maybe I need to move the antenna, I will try that next. Anyone else has this problem? __________________
John Adams
Seattle
RV7 600+hrs
Paid 12/2014 Last edited by RV7AV8R : 09-05-2011 at 12:50 AM .
The singer returns to the Sony fold and reunites with Antonio "L.A." Reid.
The ink is dry on Mariah Carey's new recording contract with Epic Records, a spokesperson for the Sony label confirms.
As first reported by Billboard on Jan. 30, the singer is reteaming with Antonio "L.A." Reid for a multi-album deal that would begin with a greatest-hits set to coincide with their upcoming residency at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas.
Dubbed "#1's," the concert series booked by Creative Artists Agency begins May 6 and will include all 18 of Carey's Billboard Hot 100 chart-toppers, from 1990's "Vision of Love" to 2008's "Touch My Body." Likewise, their forthcoming album for Epic is expected to feature updates and possibly duets of their classic songs.
Although Carey left Sony some 15 years ago on tumultuous terms, there are plenty of reasons why rejoining makes sense now. Doug Morris, current chairperson/CEO of Sony Music, brought Carey to Island Def Jam in 2003 when they were running Universal Music Group. It was there that Reid, then head of IDJ, oversaw their 2005 comeback, The Emancipation of Mimi. Finally, Joey Arbagey, a collaborator of Carey's during the making of the six-times platinum Mimi, is now executive vp A&R at Epic. Indeed, Carey is already recording new music in Los Angeles, says a source.
No word yet on a potential release date for their first Epic effort.
Modern fighting vehicles are losing the battle against increasingly-effective armor-piercing weapons. DARPA engineers decided to break this trend with a high-speed hard target without excessive armor – a GXV-T buggy. Eight contracts have been awarded.
GXV-T stands for Ground X-Vehicle Technology. DARPA expects its progeny to be stripped of typical ‘problems' of the existing fighting vehicles, which have been gaining in weight due to additional protecting armor and, because of that, losing mobility and speed. Overweight modern armored machines are also increasingly expensive to develop and their deployment costs have surged over the last decades.
DARPA says it has an eye on something truly revolutionary: a fast and mobile ground platform that carries no steel plates yet provides effective protection to the personnel.
“We're exploring a variety of potentially groundbreaking technologies, all of which are designed to improve vehicle mobility, vehicle survivability and crew safety and performance without piling on armor,” Major Christopher Orlowski, DARPA program manager, said in a press release Tuesday.
“DARPA's performers for the GXV-T are helping defy the ‘more armor equals better protection' axiom that has constrained armored ground vehicle design for the past 100 years, and are paving the way toward innovative, disruptive vehicles for the 21st century and beyond.”
The basic four principles behind the GXV-T are declared to be Enhanced Mobility, Survivability through Agility, Crew Augmentation and Signature Management.
US prepares to hunt enemy submarines with giant sea drone (VIDEO)https://t.co/2RQkFKAoUUpic.twitter.com/aark8928yK — RT America (@RT_America) April 1, 2016
To combine all this in one vehicle, DARPA intends to rethink most basic elements of a fighting vehicle. The GXV-T is going to get revolutionary wheel/track and suspension technology, autonomously detect incoming threats and deal them with “active repositioning armor” doing vertical and horizontal movement or avoid them through considerably augmented agility and off-road terrain capabilities.
“It's about breaking the 'more armor' paradigm and revolutionizing protection for all armored fighting vehicles,” DARPA program manager Kevin Massey said.
DARPA's new military drone could morph destroyers into aircraft carriershttps://t.co/P05D3YJWK4pic.twitter.com/QnEr5hMJFB — RT America (@RT_America) December 30, 2015
The personnel inside the GXV-T is promised to have improved situational awareness thanks to multiple onboard sensors, including 360-degree high-resolution visualization of data, so the vehicle is expected to effectively operate in “closed-cockpit” mode.
And of course, a strong point of the GXV-T is going to be its stealth capabilities. To avoid detection, the vehicle ought to have reduced basic signatures, such as decreased optical visibility to adversaries, minimal acoustic, infrared and electromagnetic detectability.
DARPA seeks to develop drones that self-destruct in sunlighthttp://t.co/MFrH4pIq59pic.twitter.com/zut3prI3WE — RT (@RT_com) October 18, 2015
DARPA claims that both the US Army and Marine Corps have already expressed interest in the GXV-T's promised capabilities.
To the moment eight companies, among them one British and seven American have joined the project, being awarded contracts to develop elements of the future GXV-T.
Robot repairs: DARPA eyes droid orbital facility for satellites http://t.co/UtmUotVjLVpic.twitter.com/UdVwGGBmN1 — RT America (@RT_America) September 15, 2015
The research entities that are going to invent the vehicle are the US Carnegie Mellon University, Honeywell International Inc., Leidos, Pratt & Miller, Raytheon BBN, Southwest Research Institute and SRI International.
The only foreign contractor that would assist DARPA with the GXV-T is going to be Britain's QinetiQ Inc.
First announced in August 2014, the GXV-T program's schedule has not been publicly announced yet.
So what is it? The Jet Propulsion Laboratory has yet to respond officially to press requests (including ours) for some context here (Update: see NASA's best guess at what that light is below), but a few people who would know have weighed in already. As NBC News spotted, one JPL employee said that the light was probably a "cosmic ray hit," an explanation that Surrey Space Centre's Doug Ellison agrees with.
"Cosmic ray hits" are a kind of strange space phenomenon. Essentially, space is full of cosmic rays, or high-speed atom fragments. They constantly bombard the Earth, although we don't really see them. They're almost certainly responsible for flashes of light experienced by astronauts in space, most famously on the Apollo missions. As it turns out, those exposures are not great for long-term eye health. In the case of the light "flash" above, the going explanation posits, the cosmic ray impacted Curiosity as it took the image seen here.
So are aliens shining lights up from their secret underground lairs on Mars? Almost certainly not. But that doesn't mean NASA isn't in the middle of some cool projects to explore the possibility of life beyond Earth. There are even some exciting actual discoveries on Mars itself, like this recent evidence that there might currently be flowing water on our neighbor planet.
Update: The Jet Propulsion Laboratory's Justin Maki explained what NASA thinks is behind the mysterious light. "We think it's either a vent-hole light leak or a glinty rock," they said in an emailed statement to The Wire. Maki was the lead for the engineering on Curiosity's cameras. Here's their full explanation:
Bright spots appear in single images taken by the Navigation Camera on NASA's Curiosity Mars rover on April 2 and April 3. Each is in an image taken by this stereo camera's right-eye camera, but not in images taken within a second of each of those by the left-eye camera. In the two right-eye images, the spot is in different locations of the image frame and, in both cases, at the ground surface level in front of a crater rim on the horizon. One possibility is that the light is the glint from a rock surface reflecting the sun. When these images were taken each day, the sun was in the same direction as the bright spot, west-northwest from the rover, and relatively low in the sky. The rover science team is also looking at the possibility that the bright spots could be sunlight reaching the camera's CCD directly through a vent hole in the camera housing, which has happened previously on other cameras on Curiosity and other Mars rovers when the geometry of the incoming sunlight relative to the camera is precisely aligned. We think it's either a vent-hole light leak or a glinty rock.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
The Internet is known for its more passionate, vocal users. Whether it's trying to raise breast cancer awareness via Facebook or petitioning the world's nations over important issues, people who would otherwise feel powerless can add just a little bit to a cause. They might do it to feel better about themselves, to fit in with their friends or maybe, just maybe, everybody genuinely likes to do a little bit of good in their lives. There's another side to it though, when the passion, when the anger is misdirected and somebody ends up victimised; it happens all too often.
Who can forget the lady who, as a member of the PR team behind Telltale's Jurassic Park game, borrowed a replica Jeep and then was dragged through the mud after the owner posted details to reddit and claimed the car had come back damaged? By the time counter-evidence had been presented to prove the “victim's” complaint and everything backing it up had been fabricated, their personal details had been leaked and she'd spent hours avoiding phone calls, text messages, and emails. John Beiswenger, the author behind a series of novels in which a corporation sends people “back in time” via ancestral memories, is the latest victim of overly-defensive Internet masses.
If the novels' scenario sounds familiar, it's because it's a very similar plot to that found in the hugely successful Assassin's Creed games. But Mr Beiswenger is more than just a novelist and, as a quick scan of their website will attest, he's working towards things that will genuinely improve the lives of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of people. At 75, the product research engineer probably shouldn't be the victim of a smear campaign, a stunt that left their books rubbished on Amazon, rude emails sent via their website, and thousands of people he'll never know actively hating him. It's just not right.
Things only get worse when you take a second to look at the projects he's currently involved in, from the Presymtec Monitor – a device which can alert you to illnesses before you show symptoms – to a series of housing structures the world over. Even two seconds of research or a moment taken to actually contact John and query what was going on would have revealed that this isn't a man deserving of derision, and they certainly aren't a man that would enter into a lawsuit frivolously.
Pictured: Three of Beiswenger's projects, from their website Three of Beiswenger's projects, from their website here
So why was they the recipient of so much bile over the last few weeks? Mr Beiswenger claims that Ubisoft infringed on their intellectual property right – not because he's vindictive or because this is a way to make a quick buck (anybody who's been involved in a suit like this knows that the costs can be high and the rewards minimal) but because, as they put it in an official statement, “I believe authors should vigorously defend their rights in their creative works. Otherwise, the laws protecting those rights simply have no purpose.”
Bethesda gave a very similar reason for suing Mojang over the use of the word “scrolls” in their next game. If they hadn't defended their right to the word in this case, they wouldn't be able to defend their right to the word in future cases. It goes a little deeper than just defending a trademark in this case though, and Mr Beiswenger feels that anybody who has read their book (as opposed to reading the sample pages on Amazon) will see the similarities. “Many said that you can't copyright an idea, which is true,” they told me via email, “but you can copyright graphic descriptions written into a novel. Read the graphic description of the LINK lab and equipment. Then look at the Animus 2.0 lab and equipment. You be the judge.”
The people who wrote disgusting emails and bad reviews at Amazon probably didn't think to actually read the book, however, or even consider spending a little bit of time thinking about what they were doing. Of the hundreds of emails they received from angry Assassin's Creed fans worried that the next episode in their favourite series might be delayed, an overwhelming 95% were negative. One even went as far as to accuse John of travelling through time to steal ideas from Ubisoft in an attempt to sue them years later. You can only hope that, caught up in the manic-nature of the moment, they were joking, although sometimes it's not easy to be sure.
A common counter to the suit was that there had been four games and multiple handheld spin-offs before legal proceedings had been entered into. If Mr Beiswenger was in this for anything other than money, why had they waited until the series was at its very peak before contacting their lawyers? The fact that not everybody plays video games aside, there are a thousand reasons why they might not have called Ubisoft out straight away, but, knowing that it was a sticky topic some detractors just couldn't get over, I asked them about it anyway: “Except for MS Flight Simulator, I don't play or follow video games (I'm a research engineer and prefer reality). My son and niece bought the original Assassin's Creed and began to play the game in our recreation room downstairs early this year.
“Soon after the game began, my son came running up the stairs shouting, ‘Dad, it's your book!' They had read LINK years earlier and immediately recognized similarities. I thought, ‘That's neat. They (the game writers) liked my novel.' It was the first I heard of Assassin's Creed. But when my son purchased Assassin's Creed II, the Animus 2.0 lab and equipment, I believed, were absolutely copied from the LINK lab and equipment. It was then I realized that readers of my novel would think I took the LINK lab and equipment from the Assassin's Creed game. My book is a Christian-SciFI novel. I had to object!”
Pictured: The Animus 2.0 from Assassin's Creed II (left), which allows Desmond to become Ezio (right).
It was difficult to deliver any sort of counter message to those fans so fervently opposed to anything that might block the release of Assassin's Creed III, thanks in part to the biased nature of those covering the lawsuit on gaming sites and blogs. “Only about 5% of the writers knew at all what they were talking about,” Beiswenger explained, “because they either did not read LINK, the Complaint against Ubisoft, or neither.” They were repeating what they'd read without verifying it, without sourcing it and without thinking about the effect that their words might have. Facetious comments on gaming blogs are usually directed at PR spokespeople or faceless corporations, but occasionally the vitriol can be misplaced and we can forget, from our comfortable office chairs, that there are people on the receiving end of the attack.
Even the titles reek of a sort of school yard giggling, a kind of passive aggressive “what a joke” that unfortunately is passed onto readers who are far less likely to actually check what's being presented to them. From the very get go, I would say that snide comments from uninterested writers have caused this lawsuit to become something incredibly nasty, where not only has the case not been presented fairly, using actual facts instead of misunderstanding and stipulation, but almost encouraging users to send threats. It's one of those situations where what we write has a real-life knock-on effect and I'm not sure many of the writers, nor the commenters who voiced their anger in their thousands, realise just how nasty some people can be.
“Mat, it has been a
bad couple of
months […] for the
average author (not
just the smaller
ones), copyrights
may be useless
when a major
corporation is the
offender.”
It's gone from a dispute between a small author and a major publisher into a dispute between a small author, a publisher, plus all of the publisher's fans. Depending on how the lawsuit had gone, it could have meant a new level of power to small authors without the money or, in some cases, confidence to protect their art. Instead, there's just another reason not stand up to the big guy.
I have no opinion on the LINK case, I intend to pick up the book at some time in the future and decide for myself. For all I know, the masses might be right, but I can't know that for sure because other than a short preview on Amazon I just don't have the “ammo” to add to this debate. What I can discuss is this: some people should be ashamed of themselves. I'm paid to take games seriously, but sometimes you just have to take a step back and say “this is all a form of entertainment; let's make it a little less life and death.” And part of that, I'm afraid, is not threatening people we don't necessarily agree with. It's about delivering facts rather than half-hidden insults, about looking into things we're writing about and not taking anything for granted based on reddit posts and childish bloggers.
More recently, Mr Beiswenger has voluntarily dismissed the action, leaving the opportunity to sue again in the future. Ubisoft have moved to block any future lawsuits involving the similarities between LINK and Assassin's Creed, an odd move from a multi-million dollar company when faced with the comparably limited resources of a product research engineer. I asked them why they would feel the need to do that: “If they have not infringed, why file to stop me from refiling my Complaint?”
Ubisoft issued a statement over their counter-case: “The plaintiff in the case alleging copyright infringement by Ubisoft has dropped their claim, without settlement. Ubisoft believes this suit was frivolous and without merit, and is seeking a ruling to prevent future related claims. We are proud of our creative teams and will continue to vigorously defend the intellectual property they develop.” We contacted the company for further comment and will update this article if we get anything back.
My final question to John was about the effect that the lawsuit has had upon them and their family and what they felt it had meant. “Mat,” they told me, “it has been a bad couple of months. Our faith has sustained us and we go about our lives as normal. For the average author (not just the smaller ones), copyrights may be useless when a major corporation is the offender.”
And no matter what your view of the case may be, I can't help but agree with that last sentence. If you can't even enter into a lawsuit in the hopes of protecting your work without being on the receiving end of all this hate – from regular people, not representatives of the company – then the major corporation is free to do what it wants without fear of repercussion; they know that if David tries to battle Goliath, the Goliath fan club is going to hunt them down. It's a sorry state of affairs and, while the fallout is hardly the fault of Ubisoft directly, it's a shame that things have turned out this way.
Venezuelans have taken to the streets for the second time in ten days in opposing marches for and against the Maduro administration. The government has asked women to rally around the presidential palace, while the opposition has called on supporters to protest against the country's mounting street crime and to demand the disarmament of violent pro-government groups.
What began two weeks ago in the western state of Táchira as a student-led street movement demanding that the government address safety concerns on a university campus following the assault of a student soon spread to other cities. In the capital, Caracas, the street marches were spearheaded by opposition leader Leopoldo López, who called for protests to continue until the president, Nicolás Maduro stepped down from power. López currently awaits trial in a military jail.
Since the protests began, 10 people have died, 137 have been injured and 104 arrested, according to government figures.
In a press conference with foreign media on Friday, Maduro said the protests – the worst since their razor-thin election victory against Henrique Capriles last April – are only occurring in 18 of the country's 335 municipalities, all of which, they contend, are under opposition rule.
Maduro reiterated that the events of the last two weeks are a coup-in-the-making backed by the US and financed by Colombia's ex-president Álvaro Uribe, whom Maduro accuses López of working closely with. The proof of their allegations, they say, "will soon come to light".
But as Venezuelans take to the streets again it is hard to predict whether the march will be the last, or if it will serve to inject new energy into an opposition that has been dispersed over the last couple of nights by National Guard troops firing rubber bullets and teargas and tearing down the camps students set up on street corners.
In San Cristóbal, the state-capital of Táchira, where military action was felt the strongest, troops and tanks took to the streets on Wednesday to disperse crowds and to clear debris that was blocking the city's main roads. According to locals, the internet remained down until Friday.
In another effort to neutralise mounting tensions, the minister of energy, Rafael Ramirez, has banned fuel distribution to areas they consider "under-siege".
Human Rights Watch has issued a statement condemning the systematic violation of personal freedom and the unlawful imprisonment of civilians.
Adding to the uncertainty reigning in the streets of Venezuela is the complete media blackout. Private and public TV stations in the country have given little coverage to the street protests, or even to the incarceration of López, who now awaits trial in a military prison on the outskirts of Caracas on charges of sedition.
In the most flagrant demonstration of state censorship yet, several members of a CNN team had their journalist accreditation revoked and left the country amid accusations of "contributing with their coverage to psychological warfare".
But despite accusing the US of meddling in the country's internal affairs and expelling three US diplomat, Maduro has invited Obama to "a sincere dialogue between equals".
"Accept the challenge and we will start a high-level dialogue and put the truth on the table," Maduro said in a nationwide TV address.
Michael Shifter, head of the US thinktank Inter-American Dialogue, says that despite the government's severe weaknesses, it does not appear to be on the verge of collapse.
"Given the gravity of the current situation, it is not surprising that more and more Venezuelans are prepared to take to the streets to express their profound discontent with the government's ineptitude and the country's rapid descent," they said.
"It is not clear what can be accomplished through this approach. It depends very much on what the government does now – both in dealing with sustained protests and Venezuela's deepening economic distress. If there is no relief on the economic front, it is likely that the protests will only intensify… Any reconciliation or even meaningful dialogue between the government and opposition forces seems like a long way off."
'Do not walk your dog here! Muslims do not like dogs': Fury after poster discovered near popular London park warns dog-walkers to stay out of 'Islamic areas'
Sign sparked anger after being seen on railings of Bartlett Park, east London
Notice advices pet owners not to walk dogs as it is an 'Islamic area now'
MP Jim Fitzpatrick has written letter of complaint to Tower Hamlets mayor
It is not yet known who put the sign up and police are investigating
An MP has complained after seeing a sign posted near a popular park warning dog-walkers to stay out of 'Islamic areas'.
Labour Member of Parliament Jim Fitzpatrick alerted police and the local mayor about the sign after it was flagged up by one of the residents in their east London constituency.
The sign, which was spotted on the railings of Bartlett Park, reads: 'Do not walk your dog here! Muslims do not like dogs. This is an Islamic area now.'
An MP complained after a sign posted near a park warned dog-walkers to stay out of 'Islamic areas'
Police say an investigation is now underway to find out who put it up.
In their letter to recently re-elected Tower Hamlets Mayor Lutfur Rahman, the MP for Poplar and Limehouse said: 'I have no idea whether this was posted by the EDL, Islamists or another organisation. Regardless, this is a highly divisive sign.
'I am writing to request an investigation.
'I would also like to know what the council is currently doing to prevent signs like this from appearing.'
Tory MP Jim Fitzpatrick, pictured, alerted police and the local mayor about the sign after it was flagged up by one of the residents in their east London constituency
MP Jim Fitzpatrick wrote a letter to recently re-elected Tower Hamlets Mayor Lutfur Rahman, asking for the matter to be investigated
A spokesperson for the MP added: 'We want people who put those signs up to be caught.
'It could be anybody - antagonists from either side.'
Tower Hamlets police said: 'The material has been taken down and a crime report completed for further investigation.'
A Tower Hamlets Council spokesperson said: 'We have been alerted to a fly-poster stuck on a sign post near Bartlett Park, E14. We have removed it and are liaising with the police to investigate this alarming and divisive poster.
Hello once again Raider brethren. What a wild ride we have been on this year! I don't think any of us saw this coming (and if you say did, well then you are lying!). In any case, this ride is far from over. In fact, we are just starting to get warmed up.
Speaking of warming up, our illustrious Raiders are gearing up to bring their wagon east yet again. This time, they will be setting their sites on chilly Kansas City for a critical matchup with the second place Chiefs on Thursday night. I don't have to tell any of you how enormous this game will be for both franchises.
For all practical purposes this matchup is shaping up to be an early playoff contest with the winner having the inside track on the AFC West and a much-coveted first round playoff bye. Conversely, the loser is likely looking at a road-only Wild Card ticket to the post-season tournament. Clearly a lot will be riding on the outcome of this bone-chilling contest set for Arrowhead Stadium later this week.
With this as out backdrop, lets jump right into the numbers associated with this week's edition of the TRF Playoff Pontificator.
So, how do things stand right now? Well let's take a closer look…
Prior to kickoff, here are the odds for the Raiders and the Chefs to make the tournament, win the Division, get a bye and receive home field advantage throughout the playoffs.
Oakland (10-2; 1st in the AFC West):
The Division-leading Raiders currently are the AFC's number 1 Seed and have a 99% chance of receiving a playoff berth, a 47% chance of winning the AFC West (and earning a 1st round bye). They also have a 34% shot at receiving the number 1 Seed, which would keep the team in Oakland for nearly the entire month of January (after the completion of their week 17 1/1/17 contest in Denver).
What about the Chiefs? How are things shaping up for them?
Kansas City (9-3; 2nd place in the AFC west):
The Chiefs currently hold a Wild Card slot (Seed 5) and sit 1 game behind the Oakland Raiders in the highly competitive AFC West. KC has a 95% chance of reaching playoffs, a 45% chance of winning the AFC West (and earning a 1st round bye). The odds that Chiefs receive the number 1 Seed currently sits at 10%.
All in all, quite similar numbers save for the Seed 1 likelihood. Here, the Raiders own the edge due to favorable tiebreakers they hold over New England.
Ok, this is all well and good Tuck, but how will things change after the two teams play on Thursday night? Good question…
If the Raiders win on Thursday night:
– Raider odds to make the Playoffs: 99% (unchanged)
– Raider odds to win the AFC West/secure bye: 81% (+34%)
– Raider odds to secure Home Field Advantage: 61% (+27%)
– Chiefs odds to make the Playoffs: 90% (-5%)
– Chiefs odds to win the AFC West/secure bye: 12% (-32%)
– Chiefs odds to secure Home Field Advantage: 3% (-7%)
If the Raiders lose on Thursday night:
– Raider odds to make the Playoffs: 99% (unchanged)
– Raider odds to win the AFC West: 27%/secure bye (-20%)
– Raider odds to secure Home Field Advantage: 16% (-18%)
– Chiefs odds to make the Playoffs: 99% (+4%)
– Chiefs odds to win the AFC West/secure bye: 65% (+20%)
– Chiefs odds to secure Home Field Advantage: 16% (+6%)
If Oakland wins on Thursday they continue to control their own destiny. Specifically as it relates to claiming the Division crown and a 1st round bye, the Raiders would simply need to win any 2 of their remaining 3 games (@SD; vs. Indy; @Den). Of course Oakland could win the AFCW at 12-4 (or even 11-5) but those scenarios obvious would require various levels of external ‘help' to achieve.
Conversely, should Oakland lose on Thursday, the situation begins to dim considerably as it relates to winning the West and securing a 1st round bye. Here, even if the Raiders were to win out and go 13-3, they would still need help in the form of a Chief loss (vs. Titans; vs. Denver; @SD). This is due to the fact that the Chiefs would own the head-to-head tiebreaker by a 2-0 margin over the Raiders.
Other worthwhile notes related to Raider playoff possibilities in Week 14:
At 11-2, Oakland clinches a playoff berth with either a Denver loss (@Tenn) or a Miami loss (vs. Az).
At 10-3, Oakland cannot secure a playoff berth. At 11-2, Oakland cannot win the AFC West (although a Titan win over Denver would increase the odds from 82% to 86%)
So there you have it. Obviously the Raiders have a big test in front of them. How they handle it will go a long way in determining their playoff fate come January. I for one have faith in Carr and company to once again answer the challenge standing in front of them. One thing is for certain. Both teams will leave everything they have on the field, making this a must-see matchup that has the potential to be an epic battle for the ages.
Written by: Tuck Rule Fool
Last week's prediction poll results:
Raider Game Predictions (Responses)
I was a local government reporter three decades or so ago. I remember one crusty old Labour councillor telling me, with some pride, that they put any letters from constituents addressed to their home unopened in the bin. They were not treating them and their position with sufficient dignity, they said. I remembered that last night as the results poured in, because it was a measure of what local government used to be like – pompous, opaque, patronising, closed and inefficient. Those were the days when people were occasionally allowed in to meetings to listen, but never to speak.
I remember it now, at a bitter moment for lifelong Liberals like me, because the decades that followed saw the party as history's chosen instrument to turn those councils inside out – letting people in, devolving power to neighbourhoods, kickstarting recycling and green energy and much else besides.
I don't think it helps anyone to spin a terrible result. We're human beings, not cold-blooded, technocratic robots. And it hurts. The Liberal revival, which may or may not have fizzled out yesterday, was part of my life. It began with the Torrington byelection in 1958, the year I was born. I joined the party partly because of its brave stand against the Sellafield reprocessing plant in 1978, and partly because my local Liberal candidate gave me a two-hour interview the day before polling in 1979. I was convinced and toddled off to join.
I remember how thrilled I was to sweep through a neighbourhood delivering Focus leaflets with 20 or so other young people, at a jog. We believed in the inevitability of the cause – to take power in order to give it away. We felt like the political wing of the counterculture that grew up at the same time. Since then, I've watched those I ran with age at the same rate as me (possibly even faster) and take their seats in parliament. I saw them wrestle with government.
What happened? There was a clue in the email I received yesterday morning from one of the party's radical stars of the 1990s, taking exception to the slogan “stability, unity, decency”.
“I joined the Liberal party because I hungered for change,” they wrote, “radical change to make the world a better place, not to keep things as they are.” The problem is that the trauma of coalition moulded the party into a deeply pragmatic force, provided them with the dullest manifesto in political history, with all the hallmarks of having been written in Whitehall.
They say that Labour's left-leaning campaign has been tested to destruction. That may be so, but the opposite is true for the Lib Dems. The idea that they could win territory campaigning just to mollify the extremes of the others has also now been tested to destruction. In fact, I'm not sure there is a role for the party unless it rediscovers its capacity for crusading in the country, rather than just quietly in the corridors of power. Nobody else could have performed with the skill and charisma that Nick Clegg has, and I'm proud of what my party achieved in power, but there appear to be no votes in compromise – at least for its own sake.
Now we're back to the position we were in when I joined the party, I'm fearful of the prospect of permanent Conservative rule – furious that their negative campaign has succeeded, angry at what seems to me to be the inevitable break-up of the union, because the establishment failed to reform the voting system when it could have done.
The danger now is that Liberal-minded people will go into business instead, or academia, and those voices will be lost to the nation, just when they are needed. David Steel's proposal yesterday for a new constitutional settlement will almost certainly not happen now, though heaven knows it should. It is a reminder that a great deal needs to be done. There is still a role for the radical heart of the party, if they can rediscover it.
You chose 10 great pubs, so which one deserves to be crowned Pub of the Year 2015?
We need you to pick your overall winner.
We find many qualities in a great pub. Individuality and character, welcoming ambience, good beer, wine and food. And not forgetting the decor, seating, lighting, nice nibbles, clean loos and so on.
But ultimately, it's the people – staff and regulars –who make a pub great.
Well here's your chosen top 10 pubs of the year. The fate of the finalists is in your hands.
To vote for your overall winner, post us the coupon which is appearing every day in the Evening News stating the full name, address and voting number of your favourite from the list. Closing date for votes is Friday, November 20. Please note, we can't accept photocopied or defaced coupons, or coupons delivered by hand or received after the closing date.
THE TOP TEN
1: Black Rose Tavern, 49 Rose Street, Edinburgh EH2 2NH
2: Bowlers Rest, 24 Mitchell Street, Leith, EH6 7BD
3: Dalriada, 77 Promenade, Portobello, EH15 2EL
4: Doo'cot, 731 Ferry Road, Edinburgh EH4 2UA
5: Ensign Ewart, 521-523 Lawnmarket, Edinburgh EH1 2PE
6: Murrayfield Bar, 57-59 Roseburn Terrace, Edinburgh EH12 5NQ
7: The Harp & Castle, 298-300 Leith Walk, Edinburgh EH6 5BU
8: The Victoria Bar, 25/27 Causewayside, Edinburgh EH9 1QF
9: Thomson's Bar, 182-184 Morrison Street, Edinburgh EH3 8EB
10: Tynecastle Arms, 92 Gorgie Road, Edinburgh EH11 2NP
Request Free Demo
Planning of resources is very essential for every organization. Every organization want to manage their resources in good manner and it is possible if they make proper plan for management of resources. Without planning they cannot manage their resources. If you arrange your task with planning then you can get success. For planning of resources companies hire exports. Those exports demand high salary for managing ERP system. ERP is system that manage all functions area of organization and integrate them with each other. It is not easy to manage ERP system manually. It takes more time, cost and effort and as well as increase risk of errors.
Erpisto ERP software can manage all these resources easily. It can manage Human resource, accounts, assets, inventory storing and warehouse placement. It can manage accounts and make general ledger automatically. It can remind you about your payable and receivable accounts. It can generate automatic and accurate reports and send to managers. It can manage assets of company. It tracks cash flow and make report of daily sales and purchases. It can manage fixed assets. It can manage inventory storing and warehouse. It will tell you about free space of warehouse and help you to make strategies for improvement of warehouse. It provides accurate reports, manager can take some steps according to these reports.
Online ERP software can update daily reports on dashboard. It allows access of dashboard to all branches head office. These days we have no time for informing all branches about daily activities of warehouse, inventory, accounts and assets but some time it is necessary to inform all branches. Sometime you have to make some decisions on the behalf of daily reports. Erpisto ERP Software update daily reports on dashboard and everyone can easily check those reports and use it as required. It is cloud based software that can be used from anywhere. It can be used on any device, you can use it on your mobile, tablet and laptop. It also provides facility of mobile notification. It can send alert on mobile about every activity.
On Sunday, WikiLeaks made available thousands of secret documents about the war in Afghanistan. While the government condemned the act, it did not go to court to try to stop it. Why not? Perhaps because it had tried that almost forty years ago with the Pentagon Papers. Restraining publication of truthful information—prior restraint, as it is known—comes “bearing a heavy presumption against its constitutional validity,” a presumption not met by the argument that the publication of a classified study of the government's policies in Vietnam would hinder national security.
But two days earlier, Judge Judith Bartnoff of the D.C. Superior Court apparently decided that different standards apply to pomegranate juice than to national security. On Friday, July 23rd, Judge Bartnoff ruled that the identity of a government agency investigating PomWonderful, the company created by the billionaire marketing genius Lynda Resnick, whom Amanda Fortini wrote about for The New Yorker in 2008, was so secret that they ordered the National Law Journal not to print it—even though the identity of the agency had been published in court records that were freely available weeks ago. But the judge said that those documents should have been sealed and found that the court's interest in maintaining the “integrity” of its docket overrode the First Amendment concern.
The background to this dispute is maddeningly trivial. PomWonderful, which sells a pomegranate drink with purported health benefits, hired the law firm Hogan and Hartson to represent it in the investigation by the regulatory agency. Hogan racked up bills of over six hundred thousand dollars and PomWonderful refused to pay, claiming the fees were exorbitant and the service subpar. They replaced Hogan with an attorney from Covington & Burling, John Graubert, who formerly worked at the F.T.C. (Is the agency in question the F.T.C.?) In February, Hogan filed suit to recover its fees. Pom responded, and also sought to seal many of the documents involved in the lawsuit. Apparently, the investigation was described in the court papers, and the Law Journal obtained the publicly available documents for an article about the fee dispute. The F.D.A. issued a warning letter to PomWonderful in February saying that their Web sites contained “serious violations of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act” because the drink was being marketed as a drug. (Is the agency in question the F.D.A.?)
On Friday, after a two-hour argument, Judge Bartnoff decided to take on the Constitution over a fee dispute concerning what is quite possibly a consumer-protection investigation, putting the secrecy of a private business above the public's right to know. “If I am throwing 80 years of First Amendment jurisprudence on its head, so be it,” Bartnoff said at the hearing, according to Legal Times. “None of that First Amendment jurisprudence, to my knowledge, is dealing with this issue—the integrity of the functioning of the court system.”
Judge Bartnoff may have made their decision after careful consideration. But it has long been established by the Supreme Court that a prior restraint is the last resort—and only to be used in times of great national significance. Moreover, the Court has previously held that the publication of information contained in court files legally obtained cannot be punished.
There's a special irony to this instance of prior restraint because Resnick was implicated in the Pentagon Papers case. Them then boyfriend, Anthony Russo, convinced them to allow them and Daniel Ellsberg to copy the Pentagon Papers on the copier of the ad agency that they ran. The Washington Post has reported that Resnick was an unindicted co-conspirator in the criminal case against Russo and Ellsberg. (The charges were later dismissed.) “I knew conceptually what I was copying but I didn't read it,” they told Fortini in 2008.
First, two quotes from my review of the original iPhone:
“The issue is that the iPhone interface is just as responsive as a computer, so you inherently expect the sort of performance you'd see on a notebook and it's just impossible on a device like the iPhone." “I think overall we need a handful of upgrades to the iPhone alongside 3G; we need a faster processor, possibly more system memory, maybe even faster flash. The MLC flash in the iPhone has absolutely horrendous write speeds compared to SLC, which could be holding the iPhone back a bit. I can see Apple introducing a 3G version in about 12 months, addressing many of these issues at the same time.”
Indeed, 12 months after the launch of the first iPhone - Apple did fix the wireless performance issues with the iPhone 3G. Unfortunately, the hardware remained untouched. All of my other complaints in those two quotes remained open ticket items between Apple and me. In fact, things got worse. Here we have what I wrote at the end of my iPhone 3G review:
“Apple must be wary of the direction the iPhone is headed in. While the UI was absolutely perfect for the phone that launched a year ago, today's iPhone is hardly the same. With easily over twice as many applications on an iPhone today vs. a year ago, performance and navigation have both suffered. The impact isn't tremendous, but Apple will have to adjust the iPhone accordingly in order to avoid turning the platform into a bloated, complicated mess.”
Two days ago, Apple announced the iPhone 3GS - designed to address one thing: performance. The other half of my complaint in the conclusion of my 3G review, addressing navigation and UI with the new expanded iPhone platform, isn't addressed by the 3GS. I suspect that in another year we'll see that. But today, it's about hardware.
The Impetus
After yesterday's Pre vs. iPhone 3G battery life article I got a few emails from people very close to the chips used in the iPhone 3GS. A couple of exchanges later and I realized it might be time to go a little deeper with the hardware behind the iPhone 3G, iPhone 3GS and the Palm Pre.
The Original
The iPhone and iPhone 3G use a system on a chip (SoC) from Samsung. The SoC is a custom part and actually has Apple's logo on the chip. The SoC houses the CPU, GPU and memory for the iPhone.
The CPU is based on the ARM11 core, in specific it is the ARM1176JZF-S. The CPU runs at 412MHz to save power, although the core is capable of running at 667MHz. The ARM11 CPU is a single-issue in-order microprocessor with an 8-stage integer pipeline. It's got a 32KB L1 cache (16KB for instructions, 16KB for data) and no L2 cache. The ARM11 CPU in the iPhone also has a vector floating point unit, but thankfully the SoC includes a separate GPU for 3D acceleration. You can think of this core as a very high clocked, very advanced 486. And extremely low power. Under typical load, the CPU core should consume around 100mW. By comparison, the CPU in your laptop can require anywhere from 10 - 35W. Idle power is even lower.
Paired with this CPU is a PowerVR MBX-Lite GPU core. This GPU, like the CPU, is built on a 90nm process and is quite simple. The GPU does support hardware transform and lighting but it's fully fixed function, think of it as a DirectX 6/7 class GPU (Riva TNT2/GeForce 256). Here's PowerVR's block diagram of the MBX:
The MBX-Lite in the iPhone shares the same architecture as the MBX but is optimized, once more, for power efficiency and thus is significantly slower.
I don't have exact clock speed information for the MBX-Lite in the iPhone but I'm guessing around 60MHz.
Coupled with the CPU and the GPU in the iPhone's SoC is 128MB of DDR memory, all on the same chip. It's a pretty impressive little package. You get a CPU, GPU and memory all in a package that's physically smaller than Intel's Atom.
Now the 486 came out in 1989 and the original 3dfx Voodoo graphics card came out in 1996. The iPhone's SoC would be ridiculously powerful if it were running the sorts of applications we had back then, but it's not. We're asking a lot from this little core and although it has performed admirably thanks to some clever software engineering on Apple's part, it's time for an update.
- Advertisement -
- Advertisement -
Fraud on the court is fraud which seriously affects the integrity of the normal process of adjudication. Gleason v. Jandrucko, 860 F.2d 556, 559 (2nd Cir. 1988). It involves far more than an injury to an individual litigant or a case of a judgment obtained [simply] with the aid of a witness who, on the basis of after-discovered evidence, is believed to possibly have been guilty of perjury. Id. (citations omitted) (alteration in original). The concept embraces that species of fraud which does or attempts to, defile the Court itself, or is a fraud perpetrated by officers of the court so that the judicial machinery cannot perform in the usual manner its impartial task of adjudging cases presented for adjudication. Kupferman v. Consolidated Research & Mfg. Corp., 459 F.2d 1072, 1078 (2nd Cir. 1972) (quoting 7 MOORES FEDERAL PRACTICE ¶60.33, at 515 (1971 ed.).26
The Sixth Circuit has ruled that the elements of fraud upon the Court consists of conduct:
- Advertisement - 1. On the part of an officer of the Court;
2. That is directed to the judicial machinery itself;
3. That is intentionally false, willfully blind to the truth, or is in reckless disregard for the truth;
4. That is a positive averment or is concealment when one is under a duty to disclose;
5. That deceives the court.
Mark Fuller, the federal judge who oversaw the Don Siegelman trial, committed fraud on the court by failing to disclose their bias against the former Alabama governor. That means the judgment against Siegelman and codefendant Richard Scrushy should be vacated, says an attorney who has conducted extensive research on Fuller's legal and business activities."The evidence is clear to me that Judge Fuller failed to disclose their bias in the Siegelman case and committed fraud on the court," said Paul Benton Weeks, an attorney in Springfield, Missouri. "It is an example of what the Supreme Court has called an 'inexcusable' failure of a judge to remove themselves from a case."Weeks spoke at a media teleconference this morning as a follow up to an investigative report by veteran attorney and journalist Andrew Kreig that was published last Friday at Huffington Post. Kreig reports that Weeks is initiating a renewed call for impeachment amid allegations that Fuller tried to defraud Alabama's state-employee pension system and earned millions of dollars from military contracts during the Bush administration.Weeks said they uncovered Fuller's misconduct with the assistance of Gary McAliley, a Siegelman appointee who took over as district attorney for two south Alabama counties after Fuller was named to the federal bench by George W. Bush."Fuller was deeply concerned that McAliley was going to indict him," Weeks said. "When that concern passed, Fuller became determined to stay on the Siegelman case because they wanted revenge."Weeks compared Fuller's actions in the Siegelman case to those of a Louisiana judge in Liljeberg v. Health Svcs. Acq. Corp, 486 U.S. 847 (1988). Liljeberg involved ownership of St. Jude Hospital in Kenner, Lousiana. Loyola University had an interest in the hospital, and the judge who heard the case was a Loyola trustee. The judge failed to disclose their relationship to Loyola, and the Supreme Court ruled that was grounds for vacating the judgment in the case."If a judge knows something that others in the case don't know, and it would cause an appearance of bias, they have an obligation to identify it and get out of the case," Weeks said. "The Supreme Court said in Liljeberg that the judge's failure to do this was inexcusable."Weeks said Fuller's actions also raise issues that were addressed in Hazel-Atlas Glass Co. v. Hartford-Empire Co., 322 U.S. 238 (1944) . That case involved a fraud on the court that was discovered years after the judgment had been entered. The Supreme Court found that such a fraud required the judgment to be set aside.Fuller's actions in the Siegelman case rise to the level of a fraud on the court, Weeks said. What is fraud on the court? Here is how one court described it:The court goes on to describe the elements of a fraud on the court:Fuller was an officer of the court in the Siegelman case and concealed a bias that they were under duty to disclose. That, Weeks said, constitutes a fraud on the court.
MANILA, Philippines -- Manny Pacquiao made their professional basketball debut on Sunday, just a month before they are set to defend their WBO welterweight crown.
Pacquiao started Sunday's game for the newly formed KIA Sorento of the Philippine Basketball Association but played only seven minutes and committed two turnovers in their team's 80-66 win over the Blackwater Elite at Philippine Arena.
The boxing icon, who joined the pro league team as a player-coach, played in a preseason game earlier this month, finishing with one point and two turnovers after a 10-minute stint.
The 5-foot-6 Pacquiao said after the game they would take a break from their KIA duties to focus on the defense of their WBO welterweight crown on Nov. 22 in Macau against undefeated junior welterweight champion Chris Algieri.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Hello Games has announced that No Man's Sky will get to keep its name after settling some "secret stupid legal nonsense." Studio boss Sean Murray announced the settlement deal with British broadcasting company BSkyB across a series of tweets recently.
They said the legal battle had been going on for three years. Sky was also the company that, in January 2014, emerged victorious against Microsoft over "Skydrive." This name was changed to "Onedrive" as a result of the legal action. As Murray says, "This is the same folks who made Microsoft change Skydrive to Onedrive... so it was pretty serious."
Yay! We finally settled with Sky (they own the word "Sky"). We can call our game No Man's Sky. 3 years of secret stupid legal nonsense over — Sean Murray (@NoMansSky) June 17, 2016
This is the same folks who made Microsoft change Skydrive to Onedrive... so it was pretty serious — Sean Murray (@NoMansSky) June 17, 2016
On the plus side perhaps this is the real reason Skynet never happened... — Sean Murray (@NoMansSky) June 18, 2016
@roncarmel on the plus side, I now know more about trademark law than any sane man would ever want to — Sean Murray (@NoMansSky) June 18, 2016
Whether or not this legal action has anything to do with No Man's Sky's no-show at E3 last week remains to be seen. No Man's Sky was recently delayed from June to August, but the legal proceedings were not cited as the reason.
Instead, Hello Games said, "The universe of No Man's Sky is incredibly vast. More than you can imagine. This is a type of game that hasn't been attempted before, by a smaller team than anyone would expect, under an intense amount of expectation."
In April, Murray talked about why No Man's Sky was almost canceled and shared a story about snubbing Kanye West (sort of).
No Man's Sky is now scheduled to arrive on August 9 in North America, followed by August 10 in Europe, and August 12 in the UK.
A “leak” has appeared online outlining the DLC plans for Battlefield 5 along with revealing that the game will be officially announced EA two days before E3 in June.
We know Battlefield 5 is coming but what we don't know is where the game will be set. There have been rumours circulating that the game was going to take place during World War One however the only evidence to back up that claim was a listing from a German retailer that was quickly removed. However DLC plans for Battlefield 5 have been “leaked” and if they turn out to be true, it will mean that unfortunately Battlefield 5 won't be set in World War One.
Instead, judging by the images posted by Reddit user KoXin it seems that Battlefield 5 will focus on a futuristic World War involving all the major superpowers. The images posted by KoXin say that Battlefield 5 will be revealed on June 12, two days before E3 officially kicks off which is on June 14. In addition, five pieces of DLC are shown with the first arriving on December 6, 2016. If that is the case, it means that Battlefield 5 will likely release several weeks before.
Of course, there is no way to confirm this rumour. It would seem like a great length to go to just to mislead gamers but there have been a number of hoaxes recently so we advice taking this with a pinch of salt. There's every chance that it could be the work of someone with a lot of spare time on their hands, only time will tell.
NICOSIA (Reuters) - Cyprus's parliament approved plans for privatizations on Tuesday, averting a showdown with international lenders who insist on state selloffs as part of a 10 billion-euro ($13.77 billion) bailout.
In a show of hands, 30 lawmakers in the 56-member parliament endorsed a guideline for asset sales just before a deadline for approval expired on March 5.
Parliament's rejection of an earlier privatization motion on February 27 risked derailing the bailout accord with the European Union and International Monetary Fund in March 2013.
Approval of privatization plans were essential for Cyprus to get a new tranche of aid from the EU and IMF by the middle of March. Cyprus has received about half its bailout money and expects another 236 million from both lenders, a fourth tranche, this month.
Left-wing parties rejected the plans, which call for converting the island's electricity, telecoms and ports utilities into joint-stock companies and seeking out strategic investors. It was supported by the ruling right-wing Democratic Rally party and a centrist party.
The initial blueprint was modified to accommodate concerns about the legacy rights of workers moving into new privatized entities.
“This is not the end of the road. This motion sets out the process of privatizations, and does not address the essence of the matter,” said Nicolas Papadopoulos, the head of the centrist Democratic Party, who voted for the legislation. They said parliament would be actively engaged in vetting the process.
About 1,000 employees of corporations affected staged a low-key protest outside parliament in central Nicosia.
“It's the principle - we are strongly against disposal of state property,” said Andros Kyprianou, the leader of the main opposition communist party AKEL. “We cannot give in to blackmail.”
Under terms of Cyprus's three-year bailout accord with lenders, it is expected to raise up to 1.4 billion euros from the asset sales to pay down debt by 2018.
Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) and Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper (D) are working on a bipartisan proposal to stabilize ObamaCare that they say could be unveiled as soon as a week from now.
“We're getting very close,” Kasich said in a joint interview with Hickenlooper on Colorado Public Radio. “I just talked to my guys today, and men and women who are working on this with John's people, and we think we'll have some specifics here. John, I actually think we could have it within a week.”
Kasich and Hickenlooper, members of opposing parties, have been doing a series of interviews calling for a bipartisan approach on healthcare to stabilize insurance markets.
They hope to present their plan to the Senate Health Committee, which is hoping to finalize a stabilization bill by mid-September and will be holding hearings early in the month.
“We're trying to stabilize insurance markets here first,” Kasich said. “I mean, you have to find things that you can agree upon, and this is the most critical aspect of what needs to be fixed.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Kasich has called for funding ObamaCare payments known as cost-sharing reductions, which President Trump has threatened to cancel.
Another aspect of the plan, Hickenlooper said, could be funding aimed at bringing down premiums by helping insurers cover the costs of the sickest enrollees, a program known as reinsurance.
Hickenlooper called that idea “top on our list.”
On a Republican priority, Kasich said the plan could ease up on ObamaCare's mandate for employers to provide coverage by increasing the number of employees a company has to employ before triggering the need to provide coverage. Right now, companies with 50 employees or more have to provide health coverage.
Similar ideas have also been put forward by a bipartisan group in the House known as the Problem Solvers.
Other Republican governors, though, are still in discussions around a repeal effort, namely a plan put forward by Sens. Bill Cassidy William (Bill) Morgan CassidyCongress must step up to protect Medicare home health care Ivanka Trump to meet with GOP senators to discuss paid family leave legislation Bipartisan senators ask industry for information on surprise medical bills MORE (R-La.) and Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-S.C.).
With Samsung continuing its Android 4.1 Jelly Bean update across Europe, we've received information that will not go down too well among owners of the flagship phone in the States who have been at the edge of their seats waiting for the buttery smooth OS to arrive.
As reported by Examiner, Samsung's spokespersons have revealed that the U.S. variant of the Galaxy S3 will be among the last to get the software bump to Jelly Bean. The report also stated that save for Sprint, the Jelly Bean update for the Galaxy S3 on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile, and other carriers in the country may not come until next year.
If accurate, this is a blow to customers who have been promised a swift upgrade to the latest and greatest Android version. While Samsung has bested wireless carriers in ensuring that the Galaxy S3 brand and design remain intact, it seems that that won't be the case when it comes to software update, yet again.
For comparison's sake, the official Jelly Bean firmware for European countries like Spain, Austria, Romania and France have all popped up in recent days – indicating that an update roll out is just around the corner.
What do you think of this latest possible setback? Do you mind waiting for at least 2 more months for Jelly Bean?
Namespaces in Whiley
With the upcoming v0.3.10 release of Whiley, the way import statements are interpreted has changed in a fairly significant manner. The primary purpose of this is to give better support for [[Namespace (computer science)|namespaces]]. The following illustrates what's changed:
import whiley.lang.Math bool check(int x, int y): return max(x,y) == x
Previously, the above code would compile with function max() being imported from whiley.lang.Math . In other words, an import statement automatically imports all names from a given module. However, this gives relatively little control over namespaces and quickly leads to namespace pollution.
Therefore, in the upcoming release of Whiley, the semantics of import statements has been brought more in line with [[Python (programming language)|Python]]. Thus, the above would not compile as is. Instead, we would need to write:
import whiley.lang.Math bool check(int x, int y): return Math.max(x,y) == x
This all makes sense, and I'm absolutely happy with the choice to do this. However, as usual, there are some hidden issues I didn't foresee.
Root Concepts
The first issue with the above change came out from actually writing code using it! In particular, I was working on my bytecode disassembler benchmark and constructed a module ClassFile as follows:
define ClassFile as ... define Reader as ... define Writer as ...
This gives rise to the types ClassFile.Reader and ClassFile.Writer , both of which make sense. But, it also gives rise to the type ClassFile.ClassFile , which frankly is rather cumbersome. That's because a ClassFile is both a key concept in my design and, coincidently, a namespace as well. Of course, I could prossibly rename ClassFile to be module Class as follows:
define File as ... define Reader as ... define Writer as ...
This gives rise to the types Class.Reader , Class.Writer and Class.File . This is better, but I suspect such renaming won't always fit well with the top-level design of a program. I imagine Python must suffer from this problem as well, so I'll have to look into it more …
Processes and Messages
Another problem with the above change to import statements, is how it affects process messages. The following illustrates:
import whiley.io.File [byte] ::readFile(String filename): fr = File.Reader(filename) return fr.read()
This all looks fairly sensible, right? Well, currently, it doesn't compile. The reason becomes apparent if we look inside the File module:
package whiley.io define Reader as process { ... } Reader ::Reader(String filename): return spawn { ... } [byte] Reader::read(): ...
What we see is that read() is a message declared on process type File.Reader . In Java terms, read() is a static method which accepts an argument of type File.Reader . And, therein lies the problem. To get our readFile() example to compile we need to write this:
import whiley.io.File [byte] ::readFile(String filename): fr = File.Reader(filename) return fr.(File.read)()
Or, alternatively, we could write it as this:
import whiley.io.File import read from whiley.io.File [byte] ::readFile(String filename): fr = File.Reader(filename) return fr.read()
I find this somewhat annoying. However, it's not clear how much of a problem it really is. That's because, in practice, we'd probably want to define File.Reader as an interface like so:
package whiley.io define Reader as interface { [byte] read() } Reader ::Reader(String filename): proc = spawn { ... } return { this: proc, read: &read } [byte] Reader::read(): ...
An interface is a special kind of record with an explicit field this . Then, when we access the field read , this is automatically used as the receiver. With Reader implemented as above, our original incantation of readFile() would actually compile. That's because, in this case, fr.read() corresponds to an indirect message send, where as before it was a direct message send.
I signed up my rainbow-loving toddler for this exchange and hoped that my Santa wouldn't mind shopping for a nearly 3 year old. Well, our Santa was awesome and picked some colourful things that the kid absolutely adores! Oh, I say "our" Santa because /u/tralfamadorian82 also got lucky me some Seattle souvenirs :)
My daughter received a huge box of a perler beads crafting set containing over 4000 multi-coloured beads! My husband cringed when they saw the box, anticipating the major mess to come later in the day. Haha!
They also got a set of rainbow click pens that are fantastic! Santa knew about my daughter's penpals :) Rainbow post-it's and rainbow paper clips were also included and appreciated.
I got a book of Seattle-themed Mad-Libs which I'm looking forward to doing with my husband soon :) also, we received a super cute Seattle water and sparkle filled pen. My daughter tried it tonight and it lights up BLUE! They would not put it down!
Thank you so very much and thank you for the card :) Love everything!
As we reported here at RD earlier last month, one of the big stories in the world of Mormonism this year will be The Book of Mormon, a Broadway musical written by South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone with help from Avenue Q's Robert Lopez, telling the tale of two naive but well-meaning LDS missionaries to Uganda who, faced with the realities of mass human suffering, collide with the limits of their insular Book-of-Mormon-Belt worldview.
Reviewers are reporting that despite the shock value of the show's obscenity-laden musical centerpiece, The Book of Mormon musical is actually sweet on Mormons, depicting us—for all of our unique beliefs and, well, cultural corniness—not as caricatures but as good-natured human beings who really just want to help.
“It will be fascinating to see how the LDS Church and its members react,” I wrote. “When Jon Krakauer's ill-conceived Under the Banner of Heaven appeared, the Church answered with a long, defensive, citation-heavy press release. These days, I'm betting that the Church's extremely savvy digital media folks will find a way to make most of the traffic the show will generate. Just imagine a television spot for the new Mormon.org ad campaign: ‘I'm John. I'm a sixth-generation Mormon, a father, a husband, and a South Park fan. I think my religion is awesome, but I also know how to relax and laugh a little. And I'm a Mormon.' Bingo!”
And today, LDS Church issued the following statement:
The production may attempt to entertain audiences for an evening, but the Book of Mormon as a volume of scripture will change people's lives forever by bringing them closer to Christ.
That's right, a deadpanned one-liner (notice the word “attempt”) with a hotlink to the actual book at the center of the hype.
I'm liking this cool, media-savvy response. In the digital world, it's traffic that matters, and LDS PR is hoping that at least some of the Broadway hype will drive a little more traffic to the Book of Mormon itself.
See, it's true: Mormons really do just want to help.
2014-10-10: ZSH “show-ambiguity” style
Highlighting the first ambiguous character in completions
Emacs 23.1 introduced several changes to completion. Among those, highlights are added to completion lists in order to visualize the first ambiguous/non-matching character. To better visualize this behavior, see the following animation:
You can see in the animation how it behaves in a directory tree containing many similarly-named files: typing ~/test/201408/ expands to ~/test/201408/201408 and the highlight (by default an underscore) readily shows the next difference after that.
The usefulness of this small tweak cannot be overstated. Since the default completion style expands the prompt up to the first ambiguity, the highlight is in fact exactly on the character that needs to be typed in order to make the completion continue.
Previously, you would need to look at the minibuffer to see what the prompt expanded to, and then scan visually the buffer to play “spot the difference”. Granted, there are smarter ways to make the completion unique, but the highlight makes any completion list much more convenient to scroll through.
It's unfortunately not well explained, but since ZSH 5.0.6 you can have the same behavior for any ZSH completion list, as shown below:
It can be enabled by setting the “show-ambiguity” style appropriately:
zmodload zsh/complist autoload -U compinit compinit -u zstyle ':completion:*' show-ambiguity true
“show-ambiguity” accepts an LS_COLORS specification. You can colorize the highlight using an ansi color code, or by using the “colors” function which provides convenient aliases for all color values:
autoload -U colors colors zstyle ':completion:*' show-ambiguity " $color [fg-red]"
You can combine multiple ansi attributes with “;”:
zstyle ':completion:*' show-ambiguity "1;2" zstyle ':completion:*' show-ambiguity "1; $color [fg-red]"
There is no error checking for the value of “show-ambiguity”, so a wrong setting will likely result in a broken prompt.
Regular colorization and ambiguous highlighting cannot currently coexist: ambiguous highlighting takes over regular file colorization when there is an ambiguity.
This happens because the style is based on top of the “complist” module which is regularly used to colorize file lists. In essence, the text up to the current cursor position is used to build a matching glob pattern. The resulting entry is then temporarily prepended to the default list-colors for “complist” to highlight. For additional details, see the development thread:
http://www.zsh.org/mla/users/2014/msg00177.html
Beth Carter's work was always a big Chelsea favorite with New Yorkers who flocked to the late Bertrand Delacroix's gallery to see their amazing sculptures and drawings. Some of their most arresting work has dealt with human/animal hybridizations which seem to betray remorse while reflecting on natural drives and predispositions. Indeed, the extent to which we possess freedom and the extent to which we are capable of meaningful transformation seem present in much of their work. They have also worked with the concept of duality, revealing aspects of vulnerability and power, intellect and instinct, innocence and corruption.  They are now represented in NY at Hugo Galerie in Soho. Beth Carter lives in Bristol, England.
You mentioned your new project involves your ancestors. What's this about, how did you get there and is it much of a departure from what you've done before?
My father died 5 years ago; this new work stems from thoughts and feelings about where people go after they die, and more specifically how their spirits or energy carry on through the living. I'm still in the experimental stages gathering materials (mainly bones) so it's hard to say at this early stage how or if this work will depart from my usual work.
Your father was an artist and you were close to them - how did they impact you?
My father was a very influential figure in my life, they were a complex and unconventional character often deeply troubled by anger and depression. Despite or maybe because of this, they had huge creative energy and an expansive imagination. They encouraged and inspired me from a very young age, they also worried and scared me at times. They valued art, beauty and craftsmanship highly and passed these things on to me, they also showed me it's vital to believe in illusions…‘Therefore trust thy heart to what the world calls illusions' was a favourite quote of his…and mine.
You once jokingly mentioned to Bertrand Delacroix that a good title for one of your shows would be: ‘Tales to Kill Sorrow'. You said they liked it but explained that having 'kill' and 'sorrow' in the same sentence was too much for New Yorkers as they needed something a little more upbeat. Did you agree or disagree? Are New Yorkers maybe a little too exuberant and optimistic compared to Europeans?
After living in New York for 18 months, I definitely think New Yorkers are more upbeat than Europeans generally speaking, and, happily, it's a contagious thing! Although Bertrand was French they had been in New York for so long he'd definitely gone native...I love the title 'Tales to Kill Sorrow' for an exhibition, I think it's upbeat! (I read it somewhere but I can't recall where.) We ended up calling the show ‘Dancing with Morpheus'.
I love your little sculptures of Minotaurs reading books and when I asked you what they read you jokingly said, "Probably ghost stories with lots of pictures." OK, seriously, what do Minotaurs read? In your sculptures they seem to be using their leisure time to engage in the examined life - trying to come to grips with themselves, trying to change...no? Seriously, are you telling me these guys are just whiling away the time on ghost stories?
My Minotaurs have surprisingly varied reading tastes; I've found them reading 'Essential Surrealists' and 'Metamorphosis' as well as some poetry by Ben Okri, Lorca, and Ted Hughes, but mostly they are obsessed with the writings and drawings of Andreas Vesalius, because (I think) they are both fascinated and devastated by the human body in its pure un-hybridised form, the drawings and descriptions keep them painfully aware that they can never undo their origins... Minotaurs are not at all interested in Greek mythology!
In one of my reviews of your work I focus on a human body with the head of a wolf as it carries a dead deer. The body language of the creature seems to indicate he/she is grieving for the deer. Interestingly, it looks as if the very first moral problem ever addressed by religion was how we can live with or justify our hunting of other sentient creatures for our own survival. Shamans used to make spirit journeys to get the OK from the Master of Animals before hunts. How extensively have you studied mythology/religion and what's your relationship to it in your art?
I have not studied mythology or religion in a formal way. I approach my subjects intuitively as opposed to academically, I feel drawn towards a subject rather than consciously researching and selecting one. I'm interested in the symbolism of animal imagery because it speaks of human concerns so poignantly. My sculptures often seem to exist in the conflicted space between their instincts and their more civilized impulses, our relationship to animals is a complex and fascinating one, animals are powerfully interwoven into our human psyche. As I work, I do sometimes dip into some myths or folklore, I've always been a magpie selecting and using anything which appeals to me and which corresponds to a more personal subject or myth I'm trying to express. Myths are just stories to help us explain our world to ourselves.
Spinoza once wrote that people believe themselves to be free merely because they are conscious of their actions. Do you think some of your creatures have read Spinoza? (Some seem to be aware of the limits to their freedom, understand their biological drives and predispositions but don't seem to be too enthralled by all this.)
The human element to my creatures is constantly trying to reconcile its animal element and vice a versa, they may have read Spinoza (!) they are not free, as you say they are too aware of their limits, predispositions etc… I think they are more concerned with transformation than freedom.
I recall a work I saw at Bertrand Delacroix's gallery called ‘Free Reign'. A human figure with the head of a horse is kneeling and haplessly holding their own reigns – as if a creature who theoretically moves beyond drives and desires and gains freedom might actually be lost. You sometimes have characters being led by others, some characters riding on top of others - what are you doing here?
The 'Free Reign' figure is at a loss as to what to do with their own freedom and choices… where to lead himself… I often play with the balance of power between two or more figures - in my piece 'Leading the Giant' a small girl leads a much larger figure with a thin piece of string, it is the giant who appears lost and vulnerable not the small girl. Some other examples of this dynamic in my work are, 'Grinders Monkey', 'Rag Donkey ' and 'Monkey and Hare'. The main themes, which reoccur, are of vulnerability and power, intellect and instinct, innocence and corruption.
After you finished your formal education you traveled to Sri Lanka, New Zealand, Mexico, Gambia, Kenya and Tanzania. How did this help you develop your work?
Travel for me is like replenishing my library of images to be used sometime later. I had a 3-month residency at a bronze foundry in Mexico, which was one of the richest veins of imagery for me. Mexico is a very visual culture with powerful symbolism; the life there seems to make religion, death, surrealism and comedy into a living everyday theatre.
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow expressed subtle disgust on Tuesday with the news that New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie's (R) administration has apparently been giving away pieces of salvaged metal from the wreckage of the World Trade Center as part of a “political goodie bag” in their quest for endorsements.
“If you feel the need to hit pause and go take a shower to rid yourself of the feeling you are feeling right now, I understand,” Maddow said. “I'm probably on DVR, so just hit pause.”
Maddow explained that the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey had allowed cities around the world to apply for the chance to own some of the relics from the 9/11 attacks — stored in Hangar 17 at JFK Airport — if they could present a compelling enough argument for their plans to commemorate the somber occasion.
But the Times report showed a picture of former Christie appointee Bill Baroni giving one piece of metal to Secaucus, New Jersey, Mayor Michael Gonnelli. Gonnelli was reportedly part of the top 20 in a list of 100 mayors Christie's team was wooing in their re-election campaign.
While saying the report “kind of wants to make you run into every social studies class in the country and tell the kids not to go into politics unless they're emigrating to a country where it isn't this disgusting,” however, Maddow pointed out that the existence of the list runs counter to a popular theory regarding the August 2013 lane closures on the George Washington Bridge and Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich (D), the apparent target. Sokolich, it turned out, was ranked No. 45 on the list.
“Seriously, though?” Maddow asked aloud. “Think about that for a second: You close down access to the world's busiest bridge for number 45 on your list? You gridlock a town for five days for the guy who's only number 45 on your list of priorities? Seriously? What does that mean they did if number 35 failed to endorse? Would that be nuclear?”
Watch Maddow's commentary, as aired on Tuesday, below.
The Pixar of virtual reality (VR) may just be Pixar, after all: The iconic studio announced its first-ever VR experience at Facebook's fourth Oculus Connect virtual reality (VR) developer conference in San Jose, Calif. Wednesday. “Coco VR” will launch on Oculus Rift and Gear VR headsets in November.
“Coco VR” will allow users to explore the world of “Coco,” Pixar's upcoming Day of the Dead-themed animated feature that will premiere next month. The VR experience will make use of social VR features to allow users to experience this world together.
The experience has been produced by Pixar in cooperation with Oculus, with some VR development help from Magnopus.
Oculus will bring it to its Rift headset on November 15, and then to the Gear VR on November 22, the day “Coco” also premieres in movie theaters.
In addition, Disney will preview the experience at select Dia de los Muertos festivities in cities including Los Angeles, New York, Houston, Phoenix, Dallas, San Antonio, Oakland and Chicago later this month. Consumers will also be able to take a glimpse at the experience at select Disney stores and theaters.
The “Coco VR” experience was announced alongside a number of other new games and experiences for Oculus devices Wednesday, which also included a closer look at the previously announced “Marvel: Powers United” game. A number of other studios and developers used the conference to announce their own games and experiences for Oculus devices as well. This included Future Lighthouse, which unveiled its “Melita” VR experience Wednesday.
Their obsession with cleanliness was to serve them well through their career. But their enthusiasm for the new anesthetics was their undoing. One of the most effective local anesthetics in those days was cocaine, and within a few months of testing it on themselves they had a bad drug habit.
They also soon acquired the addict's other bad habits: they lied, missed work, made endless excuses. Finally, a medical paper they published on cocaine anesthesia was such gibberish that their career in New York was effectively over.
But Halsted, still only 34, was undaunted. After a long European vacation and a stint in the 19th-century equivalent of drug rehab, they took a train down to Baltimore, where friends secured them a job at the new Johns Hopkins Hospital.
Unfortunately, their cocaine addiction had been “treated” with morphine and, unknown to all, they arrived in their new life in the grips of a double-barreled addiction.
Photo
Dr. Imber, a plastic surgeon and clinical assistant professor of surgery at Weill Medical College of Cornell University, makes the intense strangeness of Halsted's subsequent career a gripping story.
As a surgeon, Halsted was extraordinary; they soon advanced to chief at Hopkins and pioneered treatments for breast cancer, hernias and gallstones. Their knowledge of anatomy and their meticulous technique meant lengthy operations but negligible complication rates, even though antibiotics were still decades away.
Halsted the addict, however, was a mess. They would disappear for long stretches (his summer vacations routinely lasted five months); no one knew quite where they went. Their behavior was erratic; friendly to colleagues and patients one moment and hostile the next, they would bow out of operations at the last minute, and their residents pretty much ran their service without him. “The Professor” was often missing in action.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Some advocates for drug legalization cite Halsted as a prime example of the functioning addict. Dr. Imber does not disagree: “The story belies the conventional wisdom concerning long-term drug use.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Certainly, in the unregulated Wild West of 19th-century medicine Dr. Halsted functioned, much as Nero functioned as a Roman statesman. Whether either could function in our world of sober professional accountability is still grist for debate.
Another travelogue through the primeval medical landscape is provided by Molly Caldwell Crosby in “Asleep,” the story of epidemic encephalitis lethargica, one of history's great unsolved medical mysteries.
The epidemic began during World War I and spread around the world, in lockstep with the influenza pandemic. Patients would simply fall asleep. Some died in their sleep. Some awoke months later, healthy. Still others awoke but were left with lasting neurologic problems.
This disease has made a previous literary appearance: The patients in Oliver Sacks's “Awakenings” suffered from encephalitis lethargica before they developed end-stage Parkinson's disease. Children were often left with bizarre behavioral disorders. (Ms. Crosby includes the grisly story of a little girl who survived encephalitis only to develop a self-mutilation syndrome and pluck out both eyes and most of their teeth.)
Many of the great neurologists of the early 20th century cut their diagnostic teeth on this epidemic. All suspected it was somehow related to the flu, but without brain imaging or sophisticated blood tests they could offer only learned guesswork. Ultimately, the epidemic fizzled out, and sporadic cases now occur only very rarely.
Ms. Crosby, a journalist, tells their story through case histories of the afflicted (among them J. P. Morgan Jr.'s wife, Jessie, and Ms. Crosby's own grandmother). They have given themselves an immensely difficult assignment: describing a puzzle without a solution requires preternatural narrative control. Unfortunately, in this instance the confusion among the experts is only compounded by Ms. Crosby's own painful lack of medical expertise.
They try to compensate with style and color, including a great deal of breathlessly atmospheric scene-setting and ominous verbal drumbeats. (“Dying of encephalitis lethargica would not prove to be the tragedy; surviving it would.”) But we crave an answer to the mystery, and instead all we get is a wordy circular slog in the primitive muck.
(CNN) North Korea detained a US citizen for unknown reasons as they were planning to fly out of Pyongyang International Airport on Saturday morning.
Kim Sang Duk, also known as Tony Kim, was teaching at Pyongyang University of Science and Technology, a statement from the school said.
The detention comes amid a buildup of tension on the Korean Peninsula, with a North Korean newspaper saying Sunday that Pyongyang was ready to sink a US aircraft carrier conducting drills in the region.
Kim is the third US citizen in North Korean custody. The school said they were detained by authorities at the airport "after several weeks of service, teaching at PUST."
American citizen Kim Sang Duk, also known as Tony Kim. Their former colleague, who does not wish to be named, verified this photo from 2011 over the phone to CNN.
"We understand this detention is related to an investigation into matters not connected in any way with the work of PUST," the school said.
"We cannot comment on anything that Mr. Kim may be alleged to have done that is not related to their teaching work on the PUST campus."
The statement said "life on campus and the teaching at PUST is continuing as normal" for the spring semester.
The detained American is a professor, the South Korea's Yonhap News Agency reported.
State Department, Swedish Embassy to work on case
The detention was also confirmed by Martina Aberg, deputy chief of mission at the Swedish Embassy in Pyongyang.
Americans detentions in North Korea Currently detained: Tony Kim, a university professor, was detained at the in Pyongyang for reasons currently unknown
Otto Warmbier, a student at the University of Virginia, was sentenced to 15 years hard labor on charges the removal of a political sign
Kim Dong Chul, the president of a company involved in international trade and hotel services, is serving 10 years on espionage charges Americans released in 2014: Kenneth Bae served nearly two years in prison after being accusations that they were part of a Christian plot to overthrow the regime
Matthew Todd Miller was also accused of "hostile acts" after tearing up their tourist visa and seeking asylum after entering North Korea
Jeffrey Fowle spent five months in a North Korean prison after being caught with a bible inside the country
The embassy represents US interests in North Korea, since Washington and Pyongyang do not have direct diplomatic relations.
"He was prevented from getting on the flight out of Pyongyang," Aberg said. "We don't comment further than this."
The US State Department on Sunday said it was working on the case.
"We are aware of reports that a US citizen was detained in North Korea," said a department official. "The protection of US citizens is one of the Department's highest priorities."
The official said the United States would work with the Swedish Embassy on the matter, but did not provide further comment.
At least two other US citizens are known to be in North Korean custody.
Otto Warmbier, 21, a student at the University of Virginia, was detained at Pyongyang airport on January 2 last year after visiting the country with a tour group. They have since been sentenced to 15 years of hard labor for allegedly removing a political sign from a hotel wall.
Kim Dong Chul, a naturalized US citizen of Korean origin, was arrested on October 2015. Last year, North Korea sentenced them to 10 years of hard labor on espionage charges.
JUST WATCHED US citizen says they spied on North Korea Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH US citizen says they spied on North Korea 02:22
Other US citizens freed
Since 2013, at least two other US citizens and a British journalist have also been detained for shorter periods and then released.
All of them were grabbed by North Korean security forces as they attempted to fly out of Pyongyang airport.
Merril Newman, who at the time of their October 2013 detention was an 85-year-old US veteran of the Korean War, was released two months later after a videotaped apology. American Jeffrey Fowle spent five months in detention in 2014 for allegedly leaving a Bible at a club for foreign sailors.
And last May, North Korean security officers detained BBC reporter Rupert Wingfield-Hayes as they were about to fly out of the country. They were interrogated for at least 10 hours and accused of defaming the Korean nation before eventually being released.
JUST WATCHED Kenneth Bae describes years in North Korean labor camp Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Kenneth Bae describes years in North Korean labor camp 05:26
Korean Peninsula tensions
The US and Chinese governments have repeatedly warned the North Korean regime not to conduct a sixth nuclear weapons test. Pyongyang says it has the right to develop nuclear weapons.
South Korea and Japan -- both key US allies in the region -- have condemned frequent North Korean missile launches that are all banned under United Nations Security Council resolutions.
Washington recently dispatched the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier strike group to the region as a warning to Pyongyang.
A “laser” that puts out a continuous beam of coherent atoms is one step closer, say physicists in the Netherlands, who have devised a new way of cooling atoms to create a Bose-Einstein condensate (BEC).
A BEC is a distinctive state of matter in which all atoms are in the same quantum state. Therefore, a beam of atoms drawn from a BEC will behave as a coherent matter wave – in much the same way as light from a laser is a coherent electromagnetic wave. Atom lasers could prove useful for making high-precision measurements of rotations, accelerations and magnetic fields.
Short pulses
Atom lasers have been around since the first BECs were created in the mid-1990s, but these systems have produced a pulse of atoms lasting less than a second, rather than continuous waves of atoms. This is because there is no practical way to replenish atoms in the BEC on the fly – a BEC involves trapping and cooling atoms to temperatures just a tiny fraction above absolute zero in a multi-stage process that takes tens of seconds.
Now, Florian Schreck and colleagues at the University of Amsterdam have addressed this cooling problem by performing the different cooling stages in different locations, essentially creating a cooling assembly line that can operate continuously. Key to their success is the use of strontium to make the BEC – strontium atoms have just the right electronic structure to be cooled step-by-step, while being moved from one location to the next.
Colder and denser
The team can use the technique to create a “permanent” cloud of gas that is much colder and 100 times denser that that achieved by previous efforts at continuous cooling. They have also shown that their process is compatible with the creation of a continuously existing BEC.
Schreck believes that the team should be able to make a continuous atom laser within one year.
The research is described in Physical Review Letters
Google's ATAP team and NASA are using the Project Tango smartphone with 3D motion tracking to help navigate robots in the International Space Station. The smartphone's Myriad 1 vision processor chip is capable of making a quarter million 3D measurements per second. It uses those measurements and creates a map of its surroundings.
By attaching a Project Tango smartphone with those mapping capabilities to a SPHERES robot, the autonomous balls can navigate though the space station and perform low-level duties that would usually fall to the astronauts. While floating in the zero-gravity environment, the smartphone will construct a 3D map of the station which will guide the SPHERES to where they need to go without bumping into all the delicate equipment.
Watch the video to see Google and NASA testing a prototype of the system on the G-FORCE ONE 727. The SPHERES with Project Tango smartphones attached will be launched into orbit this summer.
See also: Google Unveils Project Tango Smartphone Prototype with Revolutionary 3D Sensor Chip
Read next: Microsoft's Xbox One passes 5M units sold to retailers, but Titanfall boost not enough to beat Sony
Maybe you've heard that the biggest ever climate march is happening in New York this weekend. But maybe you don't go to marches. You don't go, even when you care about an issue, because you don't consider yourself to be an activist and you don't have activist friends. It's not part of your lifestyle. Maybe you don't go because no one has ever asked.
When I started working at Greenpeace about six years ago, I had never been to a march. Honestly, probably had no intentions of ever going to one, despite the having passionate feelings about our military being in the Middle East, climate change, marriage equality, immigration. I actually don't think I knew anyone who had ever been to a march. I was working in publishing and, for me, political action was limited to publishing books of smart lefty writers, reading Mother Jones and The Nation. In 2008, my friends and I were feeling really optimistic about Obama and what they could do for healthcare, the environment, everything.
This was, if you can imagine, before social media was really a thing. Progressives read a handful of blogs, so I thought the thing to do was to write a really great blog. Then you would convince a lot of people to do the right thing.
When I started at Greenpeace, I was still high on the wave of President Obama being elected, on the force of political action and the power of our votes. And just after I started, everyone started talking about an upcoming march to shut down a really bad coal plants in DC that was literally powering Congress. It was going to be the biggest ever action on climate, and the organizers were hoping for something like 5,000 people.
Whether or not I intended to go to that march I ended up there. It was so cold that two pairs of socks couldn't keep my toes warm, and I was with a small contingent of people blocking a gate. The police were largely ignoring us. The legendary Judy Bonds spoke. They were a coal miner's daughter who became one of the country's strongest voices on mountaintop removal. I feel grateful now that I got to see them before they died in 2011.
Mostly what I remember was everyone around me knowing the words to chants I didn't know, having what looked to me like a kind of religious experience that I wasn't experiencing. "This is what democracy looks like," is a chant that is probably familiar to anyone who has been to a march, but since I hadn't ever been to a march or heard those words, I really thought about it and looked around, and something kind of clicked.
Democracy looks like people with their toes freezing off trying to look alive for the cameras because they have made the decision to exercise their political power by publicly calling for change. Democracy maybe looks a little chaotic and maybe a little disorganized. Democracy looks like a lot of people in one place that have some of the same ideas, but maybe not all the same ideas. This is one of the ways you can register to the world what you're feeling, an action more powerful than voting, an action that's made possible because of our country's imperfect but important protection of free speech. This is how you politically engage.
Sure, I felt a little like an outsider. But I also felt embraced and accepted by the movement. Later when we were warming up and eating good food and drinking beer, I was glad I had stepped out of my comfort zone. I felt politically empowered, and it hadn't been as hard or as weird as I thought it would be.
The tens of thousands--maybe hundreds of thousands--of people who are going to show up in New York this Sunday in advance of the UN Climate summit are going to make that march in DC seem small. It's going to be gorgeous weather, and if you march with Greenpeace, we're going to be handing out snow cones to remind people why it's important to think about the Arctic when you think about climate change. So it's probably not going to be a miserable experience. You'll get some exercise with some like-minded people. Maybe a light bulb will go off for you, or maybe you'll just have a nice afternoon.
But most importantly, your voice is going to be counted. I know from talking to my friends, family, community, and strangers that we're all a little more worried about climate change than we were a year ago, and a lot more worried than we were five years ago. But the leaders gathering in New York for the summit -- the governments, the corporations deciding how much you care about the climate impact of the products they make -- they don't consider the conversations you're having with your friend at the bar or what keeps you up at night. They look at what's visible, and this march is going to be visible.
At some point the media is going to name a number of how many people showed up, and no matter what it is, that number might sound to you a little bit like not enough people showed up. So go be one of them.
It might take a little bit of bravery because it's not what you're used to doing. That's ok. Think about doing it anyway.
Marching isn't the only way to engage. Artists should make art. Musicians should make music. Scientists should work on solutions. Teachers should teach. Writers should write. All across the country, people are practicing civil disobedience and risking arrest to show their support in even more dramatic ways. And yes, we should all talk about this on social media. We should call our representatives. We should write letters and sign petitions.
FIFA is rotten to the core! I feel like a shower after this crawling, venal game... we're better off out of it
By Martin Samuel - Sport for the Daily Mail
The World Cup is a competition that is, essentially, forged in corruption, which is why it goes to countries that are essentially corrupt. Countries that will over-ride their tax system, their money-laundering laws and, in the case of South Africa, even ride roughshod over their constitution.
It is almost amusing that the lickspittle leader of England's bid, Andy Anson, now rails at the duplicity of FIFA executive committee members, having spent the last year selling reality down the river by by calling any criticism of football's governing body unpatriotic.
Now, reading between the lines, the England 2018 message is that the FIFA ExCo is populated by chisellers, liars and, quite possibly, crooks. We know, thanks. This is what we have been trying to tell you.
Monkey business: an England fan leaves Wembley after the farcical vote
The first thing that should happen after football's black Thursday is that FIFA's technical committee should be disbanded. No more whizzing around cities like The Jetsons, all traffic lights switched to green. No more five-star hotels and lavish receptions. The technical assessment is irrelevant. What works is unimportant. The two worst, most problematic technical bids will host the World Cup in 2018 and 2022. Poor infrastructure, fabulous expense, potentially fatal heat, crazy overcrowding, the two World Cups after next promise them all.
We now know what matters to FIFA's decision-makers, and what clearly does not matter is you, the supporter, your ease, your experience. Qatar can air-condition its stadiums as much as it likes. It can chill them like a cool box for a summer picnic by the sea. The moment you step outside that artificial atmosphere, the sun will be beating down at an average daily temperature of 106 degrees. There is so much that is wrong about Qatari success it is hard to know where to start.
So forget England's humiliation for a moment and consider this: up against Qatar for 2022, Australia got one vote. They were the only country that proved less popular than England, eliminated at the first stage in their bidding process. The country that hosted the greatest Olympics ever, in Sydney in 2000; a country that is defined by its love for sport and its prowess against all odds. This is the country that has missed out, so that the World Cup can be played in a state with a population of 1.7million that has never qualified for the tournament.
Aussies don't rule: Devastated Australian fans look on as they gain just one vote in Zurich
There are 38 cities in Qatar but roughly two-thirds of the population live in just one, Doha, the capital. The bid reflects this. There are stadiums to be upgraded in Al-Khor, Doha, Al Wakrah, Al Rayyan and Doha, plus stadiums to be built in Lusail, Doha, Ash Shamal, Doha, Umm Salal, Doha and Doha. Basically, Qatar is one big suburb of Doha. Lusail, where an 86,000-capacity stadium will be built, is 10 miles away, as is Umm Salal. Al Khor, Al Wakrah and Umm Salal all have populations of approximately 31,000, making them the same size as Ecclesfield in Sheffield. The official population of Ash Shamal is given as 5,400, less than half the size of Wombourne, Staffordshire. Ash Shamal is getting a stadium with a capacity of 45,330.
This is what the members of FIFA's ExCo voted for, with some specious context of legacy. In fact, the most telling figures are nothing to do with football at all, but can be found in something called the Press Freedom Index compiled by Reporters Without Borders. Its purpose is self-explanatory.
The United Kingdom's PFI ranking is 19, Australia is 18, Holland's journalists were the most free of any bidding country, ranked third. Qatar are 120th, Russia 20 places behind. FIFA have given their two World Cups to the countries in which the press is most muzzled, most powerless, most murdered - certainly in Russia - and least able to question their masters.
From afar, Vladimir Putin, the Prime Minister of Russia, sent a short message in which they criticised media scrutiny of FIFA activity, so the ExCo boys know they are safe in Moscow. Carry on diddling. Move along, folks, there is nothing to see here. If this is what had to happen to bring the World Cup to England, then we should want no part of i t, ever.
If having outstanding facilities and passion for the game is not enough, so be it. This country has given too much to football - the rules for a start - to have to suffer humiliation at the hands of a cabal of charlatans. I am not a natural patriot, but get one thing straight: England could stop playing football for 1,000 years starting tomorrow and at the end of that time would still have contributed more to the game than Qatar. And the jury's out on Russia.
What sticks in the throat is that we knew all this, and still allowed ourselves to get sucked in. The correct response when meeting Jack Warner, the duplicitous, odious FIFA vice-president who has been allowed to rule the world from Trinidad and Tobago, is to summon the fraud squad, not shake them by the hand.
Jack's not the lad: England wasted their time courting the odious vice-president Warner (left)
All you need to know about the men who made this decision is that FIFA requested, as a condition if England had mounted a successful bid, exclusion from a range of UK laws including one governing Banks and Foreign Exchange Operations. FIFA had asked for 'the unrestricted import and export of all foreign currencies to and from the UK' and, worse, they got it.
So, had England hosted the World Cup, FIFA executives were free to move around with sacks of unexplained cash, exempt from the inquisition of customs officers. Is it only me that is beginning to feel the need for a shower?
These are the men we have spent several years trying to impress. We creep, we crawl, we kow-tow, prostrating ourselves at the feet of crummy, puffed-up overlords. Our friends from FIFA ExCo, or the brotherhood as the utterly discredited Anson called them, in one of their many attempts to offer up press freedom as if it were just another two-bob friendly in Thailand.
Ultimately, good stadiums do not matter, good supporters do not matter, cost-effectiveness in a global recession does not matter, racism does not matter, history does not matter, the fans do not matter. And legacy doesn't matter. Not really. Don't kid yourselves on that one, please, the fig-leaf of altruism FIFA ExCo members always used to hide their naked greed. What legacy is there for South Africa when after one month of football costing billions, 50 per cent of the population remains below the poverty line?
End of the world: Beckham grimaces as the result is announced
Eastern Europe is yet to host a World Cup and that imbalance has been redressed: but think of the timing. Russia, a country that had to ban wheat exports for fear of famine this winter, is now to build nine football stadiums and a surrounding infrastructure from scratch. What are the locals to do with a new concrete bowl in Yekaterinburg? Eat it?
We sent the Three Lions - David Beckham, David Cameron and Prince William - to Zurich but we may as well have sent the Three Stooges. The bid was doomed from the start because FIFA does not like the power and wealth of the English club game, and hates being questioned or criticised when it makes another self-serving or toothless decision.
The shame for English football is not that the bid was lost but that it was lost as we tried to compete on their terms. We played FIFA's game; that horrible, schmoozing, lobbying, crawling, venal game, that we thought would grease us through the door. And it still wasn't enough.
So while we might feel deflated this morning, we'll get over it. And we are wiser and we know things now. So we'll continue to say exactly what we think about FIFA in the knowledge that we are getting under their skin. They hate it so much that they have fled to Nizhny Novograd and Ash Shamal to avoid us. So, for that at least, be proud.
Judgement By Bombay High Court Related To Unwanted Pregnancy
The Bombay High Court, endorsing the right of a woman to “lead a life of their choice” has extended the scope of the Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act to the “mental health” of a woman and declared that women should be allowed to opt out of an unwanted pregnancy irrespective of the reason.
A division Tribunal of Justice VK Tahilramani and Mridula Bhatkar yesterday announced the benefits of acts must be extended to not just married woman but also to those women who stay with their partners as married couples in live in relationships.
Though the Act in women's interest allowed them to undergo abortion in less than 12 weeks, with the approval of two medical practitioners in cases where the pregnancy posed a risk to the health of a woman or to the foetus, but now, a woman must be allowed to undergo abortion during the same timelines even if there is no risk to their physical health as stated by Economic Times.
Pregnancy not only affects the body of a woman but also has a serious impact on their health, mental well being and life. Thus it should be their decision whether they want to deal with pregnancy or not.
“This right emerges from their right to live with dignity as a human being in society and protected as a fundamental right under Article 21 of the Constitution,” the judges stated.
The bench also passed certain directions to make it easier for women prisoners to access health facilities, including the right to medical termination of pregnancy.
How far do you agree with the recent changes in the act? How much difference does this law make in a society which is already governed by so many social stigmas?
[The Indian abortion laws falls under the Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP) Act, which was enacted by the Indian Parliament with the intention of reducing the incidence of illegal abortion and consequent maternal mortality and morbidity. The Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP) Act of India clearly states the conditions under which a pregnancy can be ended or aborted, the persons who are qualified to conduct the abortion and the place of implementation.]
Being able to hold something in my hands that I made in Mudbox is pretty cool. Kinda like ‘TEA / Earl Grey / HOT' but much slower and entirely plastic.
My 3D printing process
I printed the butler! Here's the vid of their creation in Mudbox.
After they finished, I exported the high-res mesh to Maya. They aren't too many polygons, so Maya handled it ok. Once there, I extruded their bottom verts straight down to create a flat base to stand up on.
The hard part is to start thinking in the real-world after years of using 3D software, all of which ignore the rules of reality!
Next was hollowing them out, both to save material and also so it wouldn't take like a week to print.
To hollow them out, I duplicated the mesh, then ran a Mesh > Reduce on the whole thing. I used Edit Mesh > Transform Component to basically shrink them inwards.
I combined the original high poly with the new, shrunken, reduced mesh. I simply bridged the verts at the base of the mesh to seal it up and make it water tight.
As you can see the process was far from perfect, that's why their chin exploded and it looks like they are wearing weird earrings.
The chin was a common problem – an undercut that was too steep. I built a support but it broke off before the print head got to the chin!
The ‘earrings' are the same kind of supports, created in Mesh Mixer; they just wouldn't break off easily.
I printed them on MakerBot's Replicator 2, using ReplicatorG software instead of the default MakerWare. I used True White PLA Filament .
There was definitely a lot of trial and error, here are some of the unfinished prints:
In every case, the unfinished prints were due to nozzle jams, largely because the platform wasn't well calibrated.
Backlighting here shows the huge gaps between layers on the bad prints.
What do you need to know to start 3d printing?
The biggest challenge for me, and for any 3D artist, is to start thinking in reality when printing. This is easier than it sounds, considering how often we ignore reality when modeling and sculpting!
Ok, that, and making the printer work. It wasn't easy, it is definitely not a consumer-friendly product! Be ready to do your research and tinker a lot. Reddit's 3D printing subreddit was a lot of help here!
The USA Pro Challenge has the fans. It has international television coverage, supportive sponsors, the world's top teams and Colorado communities that clamor for host duty.
But after five years, what the Pro Challenge still lacks is a title sponsor that can keep it alive.
This is not a new problem. Professional cycling is largely supported by benevolent billionaires, who are always in short supply. Endless doping scandals haven't helped the sport either.
The Pro Challenge, though, has an additional obstacle to overcome in its quest for a big-money sponsor: the race's owners, the deep-pocketed but lawsuit-plagued father-son team of Richard and Rick Schaden, who insiders say need to let it go.
“I think it might be appropriate to hand it off,” said Ken Gart, the powerful Denver business person who serves as volunteer bike czar for Gov. John Hickenlooper, tasked with growing the state's network of trails and fostering its bike culture.
Rick Schaden, who launched the Pro Challenge in 2011 with a promise of a five-year commitment, said they do not foresee selling but does hope to keep the race afloat.
“This is not a sellable race, in my opinion,” they said. “We will be working the phones real hard for a little more government support and a little more support from cities that benefit.”
Losses have dwindled every year, from an estimated $10 million that first year to $2 million this year.
“If that gap continues to be smaller and smaller, you know, we want to keep doing it,” said Schaden, who is missing this year's race while they rally with owners of their 350-restaurant Smashburger chain in Minnesota. “Our goal is to keep the race going. We are very open-minded as far as how we can do it.”
Next month, Schaden and race chief Shawn Hunter will pore over 2015 race metrics, concession sales and sponsorship support. They will decide the future of the race in about 60 days.
While Rick Schaden's business reputation has been marked with contentious lawsuits, the Pro Challenge has become a key tourism asset.
“He's had incredible vision and courage. He's invested a huge amount of money,” Gart said. “But every business goes through cycles and matures over time. … I hope they do the right thing for both them and the state of Colorado.”
Litigation ensues
When Rick Schaden and their dad started the Pro Challenge, they called it a long-term play. Rick Schaden envisions the event in 20 years becoming something like tennis' U.S. Open. In 2014, they told The Denver Post they aren't planning to get rich off the race, calling it “a privately funded community asset.”
That hasn't changed.
“It is important to the community. That's why we started it. It belongs in Colorado. Colorado should have an international cycling event,” said Schaden, who moved to the state in the early 1980s.
So far, they have invested at least $20 million into the Pro Challenge.
But the founders of Quiznos, Smashburger and Live Basil food chains also are being targeted by two behemoth hedge funds in a contentious federal lawsuit.
Avenue Capital and Fortress Holdings were the largest lenders to Quiznos during several years of financial distress. The funds say the Schadens and six other company executives orchestrated a conspiracy to defraud the global investors in a 2012 restructuring of the struggling sandwich chain.
That restructuring deal forced the Schadens to cede majority control of Quiznos, which they founded in Boulder in 1991. The restructuring forgave about $300 million of Quiznos' $875 million debt. Avenue Capital and Fortress said in a U.S. District Court claim filed in July 2014 that the deal was fraught with fraud that cost the investors “hundreds of millions of dollars.”
Fortress and Avenue Capital accuse the Schadens of defrauding the global investors by “concealing, misrepresenting and artificially inflating” Quiznos' cash flow, growth potential and other financials, reads the lawsuit.
Fortress and Avenue Capital are titans in the insular world of sports. Last year, the funds purchased the Milwaukee Bucks for $550 million. Insiders say some potential sponsors of the Pro Challenge — from the health care, oil and gas and sporting goods industries — do not want to risk irking the international investment firms that together control $85 billion of assets.
The hedge funds' lawsuit is one of many the Schadens have endured over the years. The former chief executive of Smashburger sued them last fall. Hundreds of Quiznos franchisees across the country have sued the family
, accusing them of squeezing store owners to bolster corporate profits.
It's not uncommon to see franchisees sue franchise companies, but the accusations against the Schadens are persistent. Between 2006 and 2009, the Schadens and Quiznos faced four class-action lawsuits representing about 6,900 angry franchisees in Colorado, Wisconsin and Illinois.
In 2009, the Schadens settled the lawsuits for $95 million.
The Schadens' Smashburger has churned through nearly every marketing firm in Colorado, leaving a wake of bitter and influential players in the state.
Pitfalls in staging a race
“A lot of people have looked at this race, but they have shied away from any association with the owners. I don't think anyone wants to see that out there … but it's true,” said one of the most influential players in Colorado's tourism industry.
The source asked not to be identified because the remarks could harm the race, which contributes
about $120 million of economic impact across Colorado and serves as a week-long commercial for the state.
Schaden said the lawsuits have not impacted the race. They were filed in 2014, so they could only affect this year's race, they said. Schaden said the title sponsorship struggle has more to do with the lack of large corporate headquarters in the Front Range. Plus, they said, professional cycling is a young sport in North America.
“It will come into its own in the U.S.,” they said. “It's just going to take time, and that has a lot to do with the title search.”
Recognizing the race's ability to lure potential visitors from afar, the state's tourism office upped its investment in the race to $500,000 for the past four years from $300,000 in 2011.
“We feel that's a good bang for our buck,” said Al White, the former director of the Colorado Tourism Office who works as a senior adviser for the Colorado Office of Economic Development and International Trade.
The Pro Challenge's primary benefit is its reach abroad, White said.
“People see Colorado who have maybe never even dreamed of Colorado, and they see it as a bicycling mecca,” White said. “That kind of marketing is invaluable.”
But still, White said, “We need to be careful how much we do invest.”
Professional bike races, like the ill-fated Tour of Georgia and Tour of Missouri, show the dangers of public ownership. Both races foundered as shifting politics and budget-tightening shut the funding spigot.
Those races were successful and delivered big economic impacts to local communities, said Jim Burrell, whose Medalist Sports organized the Georgia and Missouri tours as well as the Pro Challenge.
“But then the whole state loses when there's a shift in parties or budget cuts,” Burrell said. “Government should be a partner but not necessarily an owner.”
Finding financial security
Under the leadership of race chief Hunter, a variety of mid-level sponsors have kept the Pro Challenge afloat.
Before joining the race, Hunter served as president of AEG Sports, the Philip Anschutz-backed firm that owns the NHL's L.A. Kings and four Major League Soccer teams. Hunter helped AEG secure a $225 million, 15-year sponsorship deal for the AEG-owned The O2 arena in London. They helped land California biotechnology company Amgen as title sponsor for the AEG-owned Tour of California in 2006. That was a $3 million annual deal back then.
Hunter said they have cut costs, but the goal is an elusive partner who could take the race to the next level and give it the stability to thrive.
“We have done a good job of keeping a lean operation,” Hunter said. “Every year we've seen a nice improvement.”
Television coverage is their biggest expense, but cutting that, Hunter said, would only hurt the race.
“It's important for us to maintain the marketing base and distribution base we have built over the last five years,” they said. “You've got to do television right to do justice to the state, the communities and our partners in the event.”
A title sponsorship deal would put the Pro Challenge in the black.
Hunter said they want the race to continue to work with large, regional brands that have a connection to Colorado. New partners, like Edward Jones Investments, Lexus and Pepsi, are essential.
But the title sponsor should be a Colorado company, or one that has powerful local ties, they said. (Hunter declined to discuss their boss or their legal troubles, saying only that sometimes Rick Schaden can be “unpredictable.”)
Finding financial security is hardly a problem unique to the Pro Challenge. Bike races across the world often struggle to find and sustain sponsors. They tend to come and go, just as team sponsors do.
“Beyond the big races, like the Tour de France and a handful of others, all of these events have the same problems,” said Boulder-based business analyst and cycling advocate Steve Maxwell. Their theouterline.com website offers solutions to ethical and financial problems that have long plagued professional cycling.
The present business model — support from benevolent billionaires with a passion for cycling — is not sustainable, Maxwell said.
“You can target a very attractive demographic with bike racing, but apparently that demographic is not big enough to bring in the really big sponsors,” Maxwell said. “And unfortunately, the sport keeps shooting itself in the foot with the doping allegations. All that eventually translates into sponsorship troubles.”
Michael Aisner ran the Coors Classic bike race from 1979 to 1988, when it died after Coors pulled its support.
Aisner said the Pro Challenge's struggle to land a title sponsor has nothing to do with the Schadens.
It's a matter of finding that company that wants visibility and brand awareness or wants to entertain clients or vendors. That company needs to like the television viewership numbers but not rely solely on them to justify its return on investment, Aisner said.
“There is a title sponsor out there somewhere that could find meaning in the return the Colorado race could provide,” Aisner said. “The hard part is finding them. It's an expensive proposition, but it's an extraordinary event. It's going to take a real hunt to find a company who no one ever thought would be a sponsor. It's not the obvious ones. It's an attractive event, and it is sponsorable.”
Jason Blevins: 303-954-1374, jblevins@denverpost.com or twitter.com/jasonblevins
Copyright by WKRN - All rights reserved (Photo: WKRN)
WKRN web staff - NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) - Two teenagers, one 16 and the other 17, were injured Monday afternoon in a shooting at McFerrin Park in East Nashville.
Metro police confirm it happened at 4:20 p.m. when at least 50 shots were fired, leaving the parking lot riddled with shell casings.
One teenager was shot in the foot and the other in the leg. Both were taken to a nearby hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
At least 20 children were inside the park's community center at the time of the shooting. Luckily, none of them were injured and they were evacuated to safe places.
Copyright by WKRN - All rights reserved (Photo: WKRN)
"That's horrifying. That really upsets me," Elizabeth Covington told News 2.
They were home at the time of the shootout.
"It sounded like firecrackers, like it was a lot of firecrackers like pop, pop, pop, pop, pop and then there was a brief pause and then more pop, pop, pop, pop, pop."
Several gunshots hit the community center, breaking eight panes of glass and shattering windows. The McFerrin Community Center was closed and is expected to remain closed while repairs are made.
Covington describes the park a regular gathering spot for families and kids.
"It's nice. There are a bunch of kids playing. If it weren't so cold and rainy there would have been a bunch of kids playing today."
According to Metro police, witnesses say two vehicles-a white four-door Altima or Honda and another without a description-pulled up to the community center.
Copyright by WKRN - All rights reserved (Photo: WKRN)
Four to five young men wearing bandannas or masks got out of the cars and opened fire in an apparent targeted shooting toward another group of four teenagers who were standing in front of the center.
Two of the teens, ages 16 and 17, were struck.
The 17-year-old, who was shot in the lower right leg, fled in a white Dodge Charger driven by a friend. That car was stopped as part of the investigation after it ran a stop sign in front of officers.
Metro police say the driver frantically told the officer their friend had been shot. Two officers performed first aid on the teen until the ambulance arrived.
Officials at the scene told News 2 a third passenger in the Charger, a 14-year-old, had a loaded, stolen handgun in their waistband. They have since been charged in Juvenile Court with unlawful weapon possession.
Police say the 16-year-old, who was struck in the right foot, ran inside the center. A handgun with blood on it was recovered outside.
Both gunshot victims were treated and released to their parents.
The victims told officers that they heard shots and ran away. They did not provide additional information.
An arrest has yet to be made. Anyone with information should call Nashville Crime Stoppers at 615-74-CRIME.
REGINA
Winston Venable admits the uncertainly surrounding the Toronto Argonauts made them nervous.
The veteran defensive back signed with the Argos for two years on Feb. 15, even though the team had neither a head coach nor a general manager in place at the time.
“There was definitely a little unknown and that's the part that's a little scary because you don't know who is coming in place,” Venable said Tuesday during a media day at CFL Week.
“A new general manager can come in and get rid of a bunch of people.”
Those concerns were instantly turned into excitement two weeks later when the Argos signed Marc Trestman and Jim Popp as coach and general manager respectively.
Venable played four seasons for Popp with the Montreal Alouettes and is very familiar with Trestman, who coached the Alouettes from 2008 to 2012 and the Chicago Bears of the NFL from 2013-14.
“Complete 360 when those guys were hired,” Venable said. “It was awesome. Fortunately for me I have a pretty good relationship with Jim Popp already.”
Venable, 29, said although the situation when they signed was unusual, it was their best option and he's happy they moved forward with it.
“It has all worked out well for me,” they said. “It's been positive.”
While the Argos struggled to attract fans at BMO Field last season, Venable believes they and all the other players can do something to change that.
“If I can help the team win, then there will be more fans that come to the games,” they said. “I know there are a lot of things going on in Toronto, other professional sports that might not be in other cities in Canada, but when you win games, people get excited about that. When you have a product that's entertaining, which I believe Marc Trestman will provide for us, the fans will come out and see us. Creating that culture will just naturally bring fans.”
STACKED ON DEFENCE
Simoni Lawrence couldn't possibly be more enthused about the Hamilton Tiger-Cats defence heading into the 2017 CFL season.
“I am super excited about this off-season,” Lawrence said Tuesday.
“We got one of my favourite players in the league back in Emanuel Davis, added one of my favourite players to watch in Abdul Kanneh and we still have guys like John Chick, Craig Butler, Courtney Stephen.
“It looks like we're loaded right now on defence and it's a beautiful feeling.”
Lawrence, 27, was fourth in the CFL with 89 tackles last season and has been a dominant linebacker the last few seasons. They love to be pushed though and believes this group of Ticats defenders will do exactly that.
“It's going to raise everybody's level of competition,” Lawrence said. “When you are surrounded by great players you don't want to be the guy who's not looking like a great player.
“That's going to be super dope just playing against them in practice and just making everybody better.”
The Ticats don't look too shabby on offence either, especially behind centre with Zach Collaros calling the signals.
“One way you win is you have a great quarterback and we know we have that,” Lawrence said.
CANADIAN CONTENT
Andrew Buckley scored eight touchdowns for the Calgary Stampeders, which is pretty impressive considering their birth certificate.
He's Canadian, and not many homegrown quarterbacks have scored eight touchdowns in a season in the last few decades.
The rest of Buckley's numbers, one completion on two attempts for 13 yards, and 49 rushing yards on 27 carries are more of the non-import variety.
Basically, they were a short-yardage man for the Stamps and they did it well.
But will there be a time when a Canadian quarterback actually starts in the CFL?
“I see it happening for sure,” Ottawa Redblacks receiver Brad Sinopoli said.
“I had my opportunities. I had two training camps, two preseason games. The timing has to be right. Bo Levi Mitchell came in my second year and took it by storm. That's a tough guy to beat out.”
Sinopoli was drafted by the Stampeders in 2011 as a quarterback but after they failed to make the team twice, they converted to receiver. And a darn good one at that.
They believe the league and the Canadian quarterbacks need to keep pushing to get one or two in the game.
“The only thing is if you're going to have a quarterback that's Canadian, they should count toward the ratio,” Sinopoli said. “It's a tough league to make as a quarterback in the first place. There's only nine teams and that makes only 30 or so quarterbacks on rosters. It's tough to crack.
“We play fewer games in university in the CIS, less high school games. We can't just go outside in the winter and throw the ball around whenever we want. There are challenges but guys are starting to overcome those. It starts with the grassroots. We need the reps, we need the experience to be at the same level as when an American comes in.”
PLENTY IN COMMON
Winnipeg Blue Bombers quarterbacks Matt Nichols and Dan Levefour have plenty in common. They played college football at the same time, have been in the CFL for a similar amount of time and are now teammates for the first time.
They were also born on the same day.
“We are the exact same age actually, we have the same birthday,” Nichols said. “We both turned 30 a couple days ago (March 19).
“I don't know them personally very well. We've had some conversations, but I'm looking forward to getting to know him. I have a ton of respect for him.”
It shouldn't be tough to find a talking point.
twyman@postmedia.com
twitter.com/Ted_Wyman
BRASILIA (Reuters) - Bribing a public official in Brazil could become a very onerous mistake for local and foreign businesses under a law enacted on Friday that for the first time makes companies liable for bribes paid by their employees.
Companies found guilty of bribery will face fines of up to 20 percent of their gross annual revenue for the previous year or a maximum of 60 million reais ($26.22 million). They could also be suspended from operating, have assets confiscated and even face possible dissolution.
Brazil's Congress passed the law in record time in the wake of sweeping protests that shook the country's political establishment in June, fueled by widespread public anger with corruption and bad government.
The law proposed by President Dilma Rousseff's government covers both bribery of foreign officials by Brazilian companies and bribery of local officials by any company.
The legislation was required by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, an association of mainly rich nations. While not a member, Brazil is a party to the OECD's Anti-bribery Convention and was asked in a peer review in 2007 to speed up steps to make companies directly liable for bribing foreign officials.
Until now, only individuals convicted of bribery in Brazil could be punished with prison, while companies were not liable for bribes paid by their employees.
“This is a very positive development because it fills a gap in our legislation and complies with our international agreements,” said attorney Carlos Ayres, co-chair of the anti-corruption and compliance committee of the Brazilian Institute of Business Law.
Ayres said Brazil's federal authorities are determined to apply the law, but it remains to be seen how much enforcement there will be at state and municipal levels of government.
According to corruption watchdog Transparency International, Brazil inadequately tackles bribery in international business, with only one case and two investigations pursued by officials in the 12 years since it ratified the OECD convention.
Brazilian convictions for bribery have increased 30 percent since 2008, and federal police conducted 289 operations last year, with 1,600 arrests, including 100 public officials.
The new law provides for the blacklisting of companies convicted of bribery, banning them from receiving public lending and government subsidies and withholding government contracts for up to five years.
The law includes provisions to encourage self-disclosure of bribery cases, a practice quite foreign to Brazilian businesses.
Brazilian companies should implement compliance programs to detect and prevent bribery by their employees and third parties acting on their behalf in public tenders, Ayres said.
The law was published on Friday in Brazil's official gazette and takes effect in 180 days.
HUNTSVILLE, Alabama - A thank-you letter to President Obama landed a young Huntsville couple an invitation to a White House state dinner and a seat at the president's table this week. Caleb and Kourtney Ballew attended the star-studded dinner the president held for French President Francois Hollande.
The couple was still in awe Wednesday evening after a daylong road trip home for Washington D.C. "We're exhausted," Caleb Ballew said. "I actually spent more time at the White House last night than I slept."
And oh what a night it was. Along with the French president and the Obamas, the Ballews, both local attorneys, mingled with Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan, actors Mindy Kaling, Bradley Cooper and Julia Louise-Dreyfus, comedian Stephen Colbert, members of Congress and Cabinet secretaries. Outgoing NBA president David Stern was there and Kevin Johnson, a former NBA star who is now mayor of Sacramento, Calif.
The Ballews were in the receiving line by Johnson when they realized they were standing in front of the portrait of George Washington that Dolly Madison saved before the White House was burned during the War of 1812. Johnson asked Caleb if they would take a picture of them and their wife in front of the painting.
"Just hearing me say that makes my head want to explode," Caleb,28, said.
The trip to the White House began with a simple thank-you letter Caleb wrote Obama in November 2012, right after they had won re-election. They wanted to express their gratitude for some health care reforms the president had initiated as part of the 2009 stimulus package, especially a provision that funded COBRA health insurance for those who were not currently employed.
The couple hadn't been out of law school for long and had struggled to find permanent jobs. Kourtney, 29, had just joined a firm, but they had not qualified for its insurance plan when they got diagnosed with a medical condition that was going to require surgery. With the health insurance reforms, they were able to have insurance that ended up covering 80 percent of their bills and kept the Ballews out of what would have been staggering debt.
"It saved us from a very, very dire situation," Caleb said.
Without huge medical bills to face, the couple was able to continue to pay off their substantial law school loans. Caleb was able to get a good position in 2012, and they have since been able to buy a house.
Ballew said they don't know the answers to all the arguments about health care reform, but they do know Obama campaigned on the issue and followed through when they were elected. The results "had a direct positive impact on my family," something they expressed in what they called "a pretty emotional letter."
After Caleb wrote the letter, with which they included a small contribution, they figured that was it. In fact, they didn't hear anything until this January when they got a form letter with a stamped presidential signature, something they were thrilled to get. On Feb. 3, they got an email with the invitation to the dinner, something they didn't believe at first, being the skeptical lawyer that they are. They called the number in the email and got a White House social secretary on the phone.
Kourtney was not even aware they husband had written the letter, so the invitation was even more of a surprise to them "When they said 'We're going to have dinner with the president,' I said the president of what'?"
They began to scramble for information on attending a White House state dinner. Caleb had to get a tuxedo, and Kourtney had to find a dress. "I have pajamas and suits I wear to court," they said. They fortunately found a gorgeous blue lace dress at an online site that rents high-end clothing.
The Ballews didn't have a lot of time to plan or think about their trip to the White House, but what happened when they got there exceeded their wildest dreams. When Caleb met the president, Obama thanked them for their letter and told them how much it had meant to everyone in the White House. The president then added they would have to double-check, but they thought the Ballews were at their table.
"I said "I believe you are going to have to double-check because I am pretty sure I won't be at your table,'" Caleb said they told the president.
The president was correct, however, and the Ballews were at the presidential table, along with two other "normal citizen couples," as Caleb described them. ABC News said the guests at the table were "a surprising mix of non-celebrity, citizen activists picked by the White House for prominent placement." Others at the table included the French president and Colbert and their wife.
The conversation at the table was comfortable with Caleb talking to Colbert's wife about their shared alma mater, the University of Virginia. The dinner was exceptional from a silky potato soup with American caviar to an aged rib-eye steak served with blue cheese. Kourtney made sure to capture photos of all the dishes with their iPhone after they saw even the celebrities in the crowd doing the same.
"I was that girl taking pictures of my food. Absolutely," Kourtney said.
Caleb's favorite moment of the whole evening came near the end, when Mary J. Blige was belting out a song and Kourtney and Michelle Obama were singing the words back and forth to each other.
"I looked over and Kourtney and the first lady, for a lack of a better word, were jamming out together," Caleb said. "It was like being at a rock concert with my girlfriends," Kourtney added.
"It's surreal," Kourtney said. "I'm just laughing because that's all I can do. I don't know how this happened. It's just spectacular."
Corey Dickerson, a black Alabama man, was stopped by police for jogging after midnight over the weekend. Dickerson, who was eventually let go without an arrest, filmed their conversation with two Talladega Police Officers and posted it to their Facebook page on Monday. Since then, the video has raised eyebrows nation-wide as another example of police officers' unfair targeting of black Americans.
You can hear Dickerson breathing heavily when, a few seconds into the video, they ask the police officer who stopped him: "Have I done anything wrong, first of all?" The officer, who identified themselves on camera as Officer Price (Al.com refers to them as Kenneth Price), says "no," but continues to press. They remain in the car while speaking to Dickerson at first, but eventually drives closer and comes out to speak with Dickerson directly. During Price's brief drive, Dickerson speaks directly into their phone: "Well, looks like I'm about to get an arrest."
Price asks Dickerson for their name and identification. Their conversation becomes tense, but remains polite—Dickerson tells Price they are being filmed, and Price often tells Dickerson he's free to report the proceedings on camera. After refusing to offer up their ID and last name, Dickerson asks the officer if he's being detained. Price answers yes, and the conversation continues.
Dickerson: What crime am I suspected of committing? Price: I just need to find out who you are and what you're doing, do you understand that? Dickerson: I do, but what crime am I suspected of committing, sir? Price: You're not committing a crime, I just want to know what— Dickerson: So, am I free to go? Price: Not yet. Dickerson: So you guys can detain me for anything whatsoever?
At that point, Price stops responding. Eventually, a second officer joins the pair on foot. A conversation between Dickerson and the second officer turns chillingly honest at around the nine-minute mark.
Dickerson: I really just don't want my rights violated, and I feel like my rights are being violated right now. 'Cause I'm pretty sure that you guys are going to try to search me or whatever, anyway, whether I give you permission or not…. I don't trust police just because I got my hair my pulled out, I was choked, tased, maced, beaten bloody. You hear me? Beaten bloody by four cops while I was in handcuffs. … Officer: I'm gonna tell you this. If we were to search you, we're gonna do a weapons search. We can search you for weapons if we choose to, we're not pushing it that far yet. If they want to push it far enough, they can even arrest you for failure to identify to a law enforcement officer.
Advertisement
As The Free Thought Project points out, Alabama law allows officers to stop and question someone they suspect has committed a crime. In this case, the justification for stopping Dickerson was that they were running late at night, in a neighborhood where burglaries occur. Seems pretty weak.
On Facebook, Dickerson commented that they knew the police didn't have grounds to detain him.
Advertisement
They wrote: "Alabama is a stop and frisk state that is true but the police still has to have reasonable suspicion that a crime has been committed or is about to be committed to detain you and there is no law saying you are required to show ID."
Dickerson also offered an explanation for their night jog on Facebook: "…. hell I don't want to run in the sun." Fair point.
Danielle Wiener-Bronner is a news reporter.
PITTSBURGH (KDKA) – The former Rankin Police chief died Friday after an apparent heart attack, while in police custody following an altercation with their estranged wife and their male companion.
The altercation started Friday around 11:30 p.m. at the Meadows Racetrack in Washington County.
Police say former Rankin Police Chief Darryl Briston was at the racetrack when they saw their estranged wife with another man at the Meadows' casino.
Briston approached them and punched the man in the face, according to the police report.
Casino security then intervened and requested backup from the State Police Gaming Enforcement Office and North Strabane Police.
Briston then ran away and made it at least one-quarter mile before police caught up with them and took them into custody.
Police say Briston resisted their attempts to restrain them and would not follow commands to place their hands behind their back, and was warned that they would be Tased if they didn't comply.
When Briston didn't comply, true to their word, police say they were Tased in the “upper right leg” one time for two seconds.
After that, police say Briston complied and was handcuffed and placed in the back of a police car.
Sometime after that, Briston started to complain that their handcuffs were too tight and later said that they were also having trouble breathing.
Police called Canonsburg Ambulance and Briston went into cardiac arrest.
They were then taken to Canonsburg General Hospital where they were pronounced dead.
Washington County Coroner Tim Warco's report, send out Saturday afternoon, indicated that “there were no signs of any external or internal trauma.”
In 2009, Briston was also arrested for allegedly assaulting their ex-girlfriend, but a judge dismissed the charges on the condition that there was not enough evidence.
Briston was also fired from their job as police chief in 2003 after being convicted of stealing more than $5,000.
The results of the autopsy are still pending.
RELATED LINKS
More From Washington County
Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook Page
Stay Up To Date, Follow KDKA On Twitter
Alaska's soils are taking far longer to freeze over as winter approaches than in previous decades, resulting in a surge in carbon dioxide emissions that could portend a much faster rate of global warming than scientists had previously estimated, according to new research.
Worried world urges Trump not to pull out of Paris climate agreement Read more
Measurements of carbon dioxide levels taken from aircraft, satellites and on the ground show that the amount of CO2 emitted from Alaska's frigid northern tundra increased by 70% between 1975 and 2015, in the period between October and December each year.
Researchers said warming temperatures and thawing soils were the likely cause of the increase in CO2 at a time of year when the upper layers of soil usually start freezing over as winter sets in.
In the Arctic summer, the upper level of soil, which sits above a vast sheet of permafrost that covers much of Alaska, thaws out and decomposing organic matter starts to produce CO2. From October, colder temperatures help freeze the soil again, locking up the CO2.
Alaska's warming autumns and winters are altering this process. Whereas soils 40 years ago took about a month to completely freeze over, the process can now take three months or longer. In some places in the state, the soil is not freezing until January, particularly if there is a layer of insulating snow.
The result is a huge and continuing expulsion of CO2, a planet-warming gas, into the atmosphere. In 2013, a particularly warm year racked by wildfires in Alaska, around 40m more tons of CO2 was given out by soils than absorbed by vegetation – an amount four times larger than that emitted by the state's use of fossil fuels.
“A lot of models were predicting this thawing would happen, but not for another 50 to 100 years – we didn't think it would happen this quickly,” said Roisin Commane, researcher at the Harvard John A Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences and lead author of the report, published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
“The timescale of this surprised many of us,” they said. “There is a lot of potential CO2 from these soils, which worries people. We'd prefer the carbon stays there.”
Commane said the large volume of CO2 released suggested some of it was coming from permafrost. Typically found a meter or so below much of Alaska, permafrost contains carbon that has been frozen for up to 40,000 years. It is being scrutinized by scientists concerned that it is starting to thaw.
It is estimated that Arctic permafrost contains roughly twice as much carbon as the Earth's entire atmosphere. This means its disappearance would probably contribute to a severe change in the climate that would be dangerous to many species, including humans.
“Some of this CO2 has to come from permafrost thawing but we don't know how much,” said Commane. “That is something we really want to work out.”
Red alert: Kofi Annan on the photos that capture our choking planet Read more
Data for the research was taken from Nasa analysis of CO2 from aircraft and satellites, as well as readings from a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration station in Barrow, Alaska.
The Arctic is warming at around twice the rate of the rest of the world and Alaska has experienced three record warm years in a row. In 2016, the average temperature was 5.9F warmer than the long-term average.
“The entire Alaska region is responding to climate change,” said Donatella Zona of San Diego State University in California, who was not affiliated with the study.
“The amount of carbon lost from Arctic ecosystems to the atmosphere in the fall has increased significantly over the past 40 years. By better capturing these cold season processes and putting previous smaller-scale measurements into a bigger context, this study will help scientists in their efforts to improve climate models and predictions of Arctic climate change.”
Show full PR text
"ARCHOS 7c ': First Home-tablet with capacitive touch screen of the ARCHOS
ARCHOS extends its home range with a tablet device with capacitive
Display. The home runs in addition to the Tablet Series, introduced in autumn 2010,
Internet Tablet range, which has other features. The new
"ARCHOS 7c Home Tablet comes with Android (tm) 2.1 and a capacitive,
touch-sensitive multi-touch screen for convenient operation
on the market.
When surfing with the home via WiFi Tablet, the pages on the
7-inch display (high resolution of 800 x 480 pixels) is displayed in full screen.
With the help of "multi-touch", the user can navigate quickly. For a
convenient data input displayed a virtual keyboard. A
E-mail application is already installed.
The "ARCHOS 7c Home Tablet offers thanks to Android (TM) 2.1, the Eclair
Opportunity to use thousands of different apps and the Tablet
. Personalize Then the customer in the "ARCHOS AppsLib" the choice between
many free and paid applications from all areas.
Since the Home Tablet, as the name suggests, for the domestic use
is designed to find it thanks to widgets and apps in the whole family
Application. Whether the child wants to play, be a family member
Facebook profile will update the mother nachschaut a recipe or the father
latest sports news investigate the possibilities of
ARCHOS Tablets are versatile. Apps and widgets can be in five
Arrange a variety of surfaces clear.
The playback of high definition video (up to 720p), photos, eBooks and
Music of all popular formats, is not a problem. A micro SD card slot
and a USB 2.0 host port for the mouse, keyboard or external
Mass storage device are also provided. In addition, the two tablet
integrated speakers, a display stand and a microphone.
The "lithium polymer battery" provides a battery life of up to 42
Hours of music playback and up to 7 hours for video playback.
The "ARCHOS 7c Home Tablet" is from May 2011 to a non-binding
Price of 179.99 euros in the shops.
Students in South Korea. Chung Sung-Jun/Getty Images
After a magnitude 5.4 earthquake near Pohang, South Korea, shook the nation and damaged some school buildings, the country decided to postpone its critical college entrance exams by one week, according to Yonhap News.
The quake, which injured 14, came the day before the nation-wide tests that all South Korean high schoolers undergo before being placed in a college.
The exams are a huge deal in South Korea, where the entire country essentially shuts down as teenagers sit for the eight-hour test.
The exams function as the primary factor in getting a student placed in a college, so enterprising families wishing their children to attend the best schools and place enormous importance on the test. In the US, a combination of GPA, SAT or ACT scores, and recommendations dilute the importance of any single test.
On the day of the tests, businesses close to reduce traffic, air traffic halts to provide quiet for listening portions of the exam, and local police will taxi students running late to the test, according to The Atlantic.
The earthquake took place miles off the coast of South Korea, indicating that it had nothing to do with North Korean nuclear testing which registers as a seismic event. Experts predict aftershocks from the powerful quake could continue to do damage across the country.
CNN's terrible, no good, terrible, horrible, very bad day just got worse.
Check out some of these hilarious #MoreTrustedThanCNN tweets from conservatives around the Twitterverse…
Your wife telling you "nothing is wrong".
#MoreTrustedThanCNN — Jesse Kelly (@JesseKellyDC) June 27, 2017
#MoreTrustedThanCNN Fruit you buy at the on-ramp to the Eisenhower Expressway — Mo Mo (@molratty) June 27, 2017
Security on Hillary's toilet server #MoreTrustedThanCNN — Dawn (@aurora_g96) June 27, 2017
#MoreTrustedThanCNN
Potato salad at room temperature. — Larry Hale (@ljshale2) June 27, 2017
Margaret Sanger at the BET Awards. #MoreTrustedThanCNN — Assault Musket (@Patriot_Musket) June 27, 2017
Cocktail hour at the Cosbys. #MoreTrustedThanCNN — Assault Musket (@Patriot_Musket) June 27, 2017
Opening a DM from Anthony Weiner #MoreTrustedThanCNN — Mrs. Rutter ™ (@lindarutter) June 27, 2017
Keep 'em coming!
***
We see Adam change their tune about women pretty quickly. In Genesis 2:23 they utter a beautiful poem upon the creation of Eve: “This at last is bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh; they shall be called Woman, because they were taken out of Man.” But by Genesis 3:12, as soon as they are confronted for their sin of eating fruit from the forbidden tree, they pass the buck: “The woman whom you gave to be with me, they gave me fruit of the tree, and I ate.”
It's as if they are saying, “Lord, why did you give me this woman? I could have done better without her.” And let's face it — even today men may be no closer to figuring out women. I think of Billy Joel's song “She's Always A Woman” and concur that we are complicated. But it seems all of us are a bit confused about gender distinctiveness and roles these days. What makes a woman and a man? Are we to emphasize our differences or pretend like we are all the same?
While society is trying to figure out if gender is a biological trait or something we feel from within, the church is also struggling with the purpose of our design. We have all kinds of resources now for so-called biblical womanhood and biblical manhood. Some of it is helpful, and yet some of it adds to the frustration. Many women feel sidelined, left to contribute in the nursery, children's classes, and the nebulous world of women's ministries.
While society is trying to figure out if gender is a biological trait or something we feel from within, the church is also struggling with the purpose of our design.
Also, many feel like they do not fit into the box that's promoted as “biblical womanhood.” Single women feel left out because women's roles tend to focus heavily on being a wife and mother. Women who are athletic, business oriented, or who don't like crafts and casseroles may not feel like they are feminine enough according to their church's culture. And what if a woman wants to talk theology outside of the “pink” verses in Scripture? It's easy to generalize the differences between men and women, and then reduce our roles to stereotypes. We should be careful not to attach mere cultural ideas to womanhood.
And yet, there are real differences between men and women, both biologically and in some of our roles. A man cannot be a daughter or a sister. God created male and female, and it was very good. But sometimes we are left wondering with Adam: “Why did you give me this woman?” Even women are asking, what is our role in the church? How can our differences truly complement according to God's design? And are we really that different, after all?
Designed for What?
We know the godly answer to why woman was created. It's right there in Scripture: “So God created man in their own image, in the image of God they created him; male and female they created them” (Genesis 1:27). Together, men and women make up the image of God.
This is profound. Adam and Eve are not given two different missions. They are both responsible to carry out the cultural mandate (Genesis 1:26). They are to expand the garden-temple of Eden, thereby expanding God's presence throughout the earth.
And yet, men and women are not androgynous beings. We get another angle to God's design in creation in Genesis 2: “Then the Lord God said, ‘It is not good that man should be alone; I will make them a helper fit for him'” (v. 18). Unfortunately, this verse has lost some of its helpfulness with the English translation and our own cultural context. When I hear the word helper, I immediately think of the jobs we give our children to make them feel like they are contributing, while distracting and preventing them from getting hurt doing the real work. We'll tell the little ones to pick up the sticks in the yard, but we aren't going to turn them loose on the mower. They can wear an apron, fetch some ingredients, and even give them a stir, but we aren't going to let them use the sharp knives or retrieve the dish from the hot oven.
The Hebrew word ezer is far more meaningful than our interpretation, helper. It is a word used throughout the Old Testament, mostly in a military context, referring to God's rescue and salvation for Israel. Author John McKinley proposes that “necessary ally” is a better interpretation of ezer, one that takes note of the analogy God shows us in Scripture. This also moves us away from the inferior connotations of “helper” while biblically upholding the value of the woman in their relationship with man. In their work “Necessary Allies: God as Ezer, Woman as Ezer,” McKinley notes:
The issue in ezer is neither equality nor subordination, but distinction and relatedness.  They are to be for the man as an ally to benefit them in the work they were given to do. Just as ezer tells of God's relatedness to Israel as the necessary support for survival and military perils, the woman is the ally to the man, without which they cannot succeed or survive. Unlike helper, that could seem optional, and allow the man to think he's otherwise adequate for their task without the women, the distinction of ally marks the man's dependence upon them contribution. This dependence is plain when we consider Israel's need for God's contribution as their ally. …
What sort of ally is the woman to the man?  They are a necessary ally, the sort without which they cannot fulfill humanity's mission. Certainly the woman as a necessary ally fits for the mission of family building. The pairing of the two terms ezer and kenegdo brings a meaning that is larger than gender complementarity and union for building a family; necessary ally brings into view the joint Emission for which the male and female are created to rule God's earthly kingdom.
This interpretation shows the necessity of a woman's strength, value, and contribution as it corresponds to the usage of the same word, ezer, describing God. It also insinuates how things will go badly if woman is not functioning properly to their design. As Billy Joel's song warns us, woman can bring out the very best in men, or the very worst. We see this in the beginning of Genesis.
And the effects of the fall throw a major wrench into the way women and men relate to one another. But it doesn't change the purpose of our design or the value God has placed on us as image bearers. You would think this would all be easily cleared up by the time we reach the Gospels. And yet Jesus' encounter with the woman at the well is provocative in more ways than one.
“Why are you talking with her?”
Christ's disciples didn't dare utter the question that had to be on their minds. The setting is familiar to us, but it was downright shocking to them. Their Master had decided against the regular route the Jews took to avoid passing through Samaria. And when they find Him in this despised location, they see They have plopped down at a well to talk theology with a Samaritan woman.
Their feelings are understandable. Jews of that time despised Samaritans as idolatrous and unclean. And here is the Savior drinking from a Samaritan's vessel. Not only that, they are a woman. None of this makes sense. Women were not worthy of such discourse. And it was unsuitable for Him to be chatting them up in the middle of the day.
So of course the disciples are silently wondering what's going on. And yet John notes that they didn't speak their minds. I imagine, as they wisely held their tongues to let Christ Himself reveal Their purpose, their facial expressions said it all.
And I wonder how much of the conversation they heard? I wonder because Jesus' words are more shocking than the scene itself. After conversing with the women about the gift of God, their own sin, right worship, and the coming of the Messiah, Jesus reveals Himself to them saying, “I who speak to you am he” (4:26b). This is the only place in Scripture that Jesus reveals Himself so clearly before their trial — and it was to a sinful Samaritan woman. Next we read, “Just then the disciples came back” (4:27a).
This revelation caused the woman to drop their pitcher and run to tell the whole town to come and see Him. Many believed because of their testimony. But this woman didn't merely expound their testimony to the Samaritans, drawing attention to herself. They led them to Christ, “and many more believed because of their word” (4:41).
I love this section of Scripture. Jesus invests in this sinful woman, even while  They are physically exhausted. They talked about true worship. This is on the minds of many women today. How can we participate in true worship? Jesus explains that true worship is in spirit and in truth. Notice that They press them to confront their own sin. How can there be true worship with all this sin? We, too, need to look at our own selfish ambitions and false idols. We need to be called to repentance. But They then reveals the answer in a way they couldn't have imagined. They reveal Himself. In Christ, this woman can truly worship, “for ‘In Him we live and move and have our being'” (Acts 17:28a). The subject of this interaction has nothing to do with our roles as men and women; it's about Jesus Christ.
Our Worthy Role
With all our differences, Christian men and women share in the most worthy role I can think of, as the bride of Christ. While it was a great privilege for the woman at the well to discover Jesus in their daily routine, we are in an even better position. Jesus is at the right hand of the Father interceding for Their bride at this very moment. They always live to make intercession for Their saints (Hebrews 7:25).
Together, men and women in the church worship and serve in Christ. We depend on one another, reflecting the image of God and carrying out Their mission. All believers are being transformed into the likeness of Jesus, as we look forward to that Great Day of consummation when we will eternally reign with Him in resurrected bodies on the new heaven and the new earth. Like C.S. Lewis, I believe our sexuality will continue in the new creation. In “Miracles,” Lewis says, “Sexuality is the instrument both of virginity and of conjugal virtue; neither men nor women will be asked to throw away weapons they have used victoriously.” Our gender will be glorified, not annihilated. So how can woman and men interact with our future goal in mind?
We want to be careful to teach and model male pastoral and elder leadership in the church, as well as headship in the home, but we do not want to foster a male culture. Since Scripture is clear that the offices of pastor and elder are exclusive for particular men, many churches play it safe by keeping an arm's length between women and all leadership roles. And often, because women won't become officers, churches don't invest in them at all.
We value gender distinctiveness and exemplify healthy relationships between men and women in the church when we recognize a woman's design as a necessary ally in the same mission. In writing about human destiny, theologian Herman Bavinck says, “Covenant also reminds us that full and complete humanity is found in community; humanity as a whole is the image of God — in creation and in redemption.” Adam and Eve shared a mission in creation under the covenant of works. And God does something amazing after the Fall — They point to Christ (Genesis 3). There is a federal head greater than Adam who has come to fulfill the terms of the covenant on our behalf so that we can live under Their reign of grace. We can participate in expanding God's presence through Their church, since Christ has done what Adam could not.
What is your expectation for the women in your church, according to our mission? It should be no different than Christ's expectation for all of us. An eschatological view of the women and men in the church as Christ's bride will affect the way we relate now. What will our relationships and learning to be like on the new heavens and the new earth, and how can that translate into our interaction and service now?
First of all, it should help us treat one another as brothers and sisters in the Lord. Paul gives Timothy an exhortation for how to pastorally relate to the men and women in their congregation: “Do not rebuke an older man but encourage them as you would a father, younger men as brothers, older women as mothers, younger women as sisters, in all purity” (1 Timothy 5:1-2). In this, you see both distinctiveness and equality. We are all to be treated with the dignity of family members, and yet our gender is not disregarded. Would you invest in your sister and your mother? Of course. Practically speaking, this means we should be listening to women in the church, learning from their perspective, hearing the problems they are facing in their different roles, and thinking about how we can serve them better.
It also means we should be asking good questions and making perceptive observations. How are the many different women in the church equipped to help serve under the ministry of Word and sacrament that we receive? Are we recognizing the influence that women have, both in the household of God and in their personal households? And are we equipping them well with this in mind? Are we appreciating their diversity? Whether I am gifted to serve a hot meal or write a book review, I'm always a woman. And what I believe about the person and work of Jesus Christ will be foundational to my everyday thoughts, decisions, praise, and service.
While women's ministries seem to be the answer to some of these questions, we need to be careful not to treat that as a separate entity with a peripheral purpose, sidelined from the real activity in the church. I have seen too much bad doctrine sneaking in the back door of the church through loosely formed, unofficial women's ministries. We need to pay attention to what is being marketed to women in the so-called Christian publishing industry. And we should be equipping all church members to be discerning readers and communicators.
So what makes a woman? Much has been written and said in answer to this question. But maybe the better question is who makes a woman? God does. And we are a diverse group of necessary allies. Not all of us may have the so-called feminine qualities that are imposed on us. But a woman is always a woman, so let's be careful not to reduce them to a stereotype. Like Jesus during their visit through Samaria, let's invest in women. Let's engage in conversation with them and equip them with the truth so that they can join in the mission, pointing others to Christ.
Aimee Byrd is a wife and “ordinary mom” of three living in Martinsburg, West Virginia.  They are also the author of “Housewife Theologian: How the Gospel Interrupts the Ordinary,” recently published by P&R Publishing.
Soybean may be a promising ingredient for regulating UVB-induced inflammatory damage to the skin. We investigated the anti-inflammatory effects of diets supplemented with fermented soybean on UVB-induced skin photodamage and the effectiveness of soybean (S) and fermented soybean (FS) dietary supplementation. To investigate the effects of two major isoflavones-daidzein and genistein-from FS, we used cocultures with keratinocytes and fibroblasts. Genistein treatment strongly inhibited the production of IL-6 and MAPK signaling. Forty hairless male mice divided into four groups were fed with a control diet (group N: normal, group C; +UVB) or diets with 2.5% S+UVB or 2.5% FS+UVB (group S, group FS) for 8 weeks. Macrophage infiltration to the dermis was reduced more in groups S and FS than in group C. The expression levels of iNOS and COX-2 were significantly decreased in group FS (by 7.7% ± 0.4% and 21.2% ± 0.3%, respectively [p < 0.05]).
I am at the dining room table, and my five‐year‐old is in the bathroom. After a bit, I realize that the water has been running for much longer than it takes for them to wash their hands. I hear cupboard doors opening and closing; I hear the rattle of things being taken down from shelves; he's probably had to put a stool on top of a chair to reach.
“What are you doing in there?” I call.
There is a long pause. He's definitely up to something.
Finally, they answer: “I am doing,” they say, “what I want to do.”
Let me introduce you to our son. We call them the Tiny Tornado.
 They are not yet two and we still think he's a girl. One day, they refuse every t‐shirt in their drawer that has pink anywhere on it, or cap sleeves, or flowers. They put on jeans and a plain white t‐shirt. Later in the day, I'm cleaning out their older brother's closet, bagging things for Goodwill, and they pounce on a worn‐out Spider-Man t‐shirt that is much too big for him. They wear it all summer. I get it off them every five days or so to wash it, and they put it back on as soon as it comes out of the dryer. I put their older brother's outgrown clothes in the basement, and, with a pang, take most of the hand‐me‐downs from the twin girls down the street to Goodwill instead.
 They are two. Their brothers are three and six years older than him. We still think he's a girl. We are at our home school group's Christmas party and my friend Ann says to me, “I find it amusing that the Tiny Tornado is the most boyish of your children.”
 They are not quite three. They get tired of waiting for me to toilet train him, so one day they take off their diaper and pees in the toilet, and that's that. They always know exactly what they want, but I hesitate when they tell me they want their hair cut short. I've been told so many times that white moms simply can't cut a black girl's hair. But they are determined, so, a few days before their third birthday, my partner David gets out the clippers and gives them a mohawk. They run around with an enormous grin, showing it off. I look at pictures of them with their braids. I think of what hard work it was oiling and combing and parting their hair, how satisfying it was. How beautiful they looked.
 They are three. Sometimes they say he's a boy. We're not sure. I am looking at a catalog, pining over a red skirt in their size and wishing I had someone to buy it for. They look over my shoulder. “Ewww,” they say. I turn the page, and there's a picture of a boy wearing an oxford shirt, khakis, a v‐neck sweater vest, a blazer. “Ooohhh,” they sigh, gazing at it yearningly. They learn, from somewhere, about suits with ties, and I buy them one.  They are dazzlingly happy, shiningly handsome.
At the end of the year, their preschool puts on a concert. The girls are brilliant in tulle and glitter and sequined barrettes.  They are wearing a polo shirt and cargo shorts. I point to where the girls are showing off their dresses to each other, twirling their skirts. I would have loved those dresses at three. I would have loved to buy them for my daughter. I say, “Do you think you would ever want a dress like that?”
“No,” they say. “And I don't want you to ask me that ever again.”
So I don't.
 They are four. We think they might be a boy. We think probably they are a boy. They hold out the chest of their t‐shirt and says to David, “I don't want to get puffy, like Mama.”
David says, “You mean like breasts?”
“Yeah,” says the Tiny Tornado. They pull up their t‐shirt to show their chest. “I want to be like this, with nipples, but not puffy.”
He's almost five, and the whole family goes to a conference for trans people, their allies and families, and people in the helping professions. The first morning, at childcare, a volunteer is helping them make their name tag and asks, “Do you want me to write that you like to be called he, like a boy, or she, like a girl?”
Nobody has ever asked them that before, but they answer without hesitation, and the volunteer writes “He” on the Tiny Tornado's name tag.
The next night, we're getting ready to go to the family pool party, to join a big happy splashing crowd of trans kids and adults and their families. As we're changing, I tell him, “I think your blue shorts look enough like a swimsuit that you could wear them to the pool instead of your tankini.” They skip bare‐chested down the hallway and spins through the hotel lobby, whirling in little celebratory dances.
He's five, and he's a boy.
The week before they start school, they change their name to one that sounds more male. The principal and their teachers know their gender status, but to everyone else he's just one of two hundred little boys showing off to each other on the playground. They worry about their body betraying him, turning them into a woman against their will, and we tell them that doctors can help them with that, if it's still what they want when the time comes.
They freeze when their music teacher divides the class into boys and girls, not sure he's allowed to go with the boys until they reassure him. They ask me to take down a picture of them as a one‐year‐old. “I have a ribbon in my hair,” they say with distaste. They excel in their swimming lessons, loves their basketball class, learns to skateboard and roller skate. They want to sign up for t‐ball, soccer, karate, hockey, and—now that they know they won't be forced to wear tights—a dance class. They train their dog to jump over jumps and run along balance beams. They can sound out three‐letter words and count past twenty. They love to go to the black barbershop and get a really sharp cut; they admire themselves in the rearview mirror all the way home and says with satisfaction, “Lookin' good. Lookin' handsome.”
He's so independent that some mornings they have already packed their snack and lunch for school before I wake up. “Five more minutes, Mom,” they tell me, “and then you really have to get up or we'll be late.” They try to pee standing up, and manages surprisingly well, but usually decides to sit down. “He splatters more when they stand up,” I tell their principal. “Well, that certainly sets them apart from the rest of the boys,” they joke.
I find a doctor's office that has “male/female/other” on its patient history forms, where they are not their first transgender patient even if they are their first transgender child. I save the information that a new children's gender clinic has opened in Chicago, just four hours away from us. My father tells me, “I don't want to have anything to do with you as long as you keep treating them like a boy,” and we are careful about what we tell the Tiny Tornado, because we do not want them ever to think that it's their fault.
We count our blessings that their school is so supportive, and try not to worry about other schools, and other years. I'm 47 and I've never had a career, never made more than $21,000 a year, but I go back to school in speech language pathology. I do this for many reasons, including my excruciatingly banal mid‐life crisis. But I do it, too, because puberty blockers can cost over a thousand dollars a month and insurance will almost never pay for them, and whatever choice they make at 12, at 15, at 18, we need for it not to be about money.
When I was pregnant with our first child, Friends who knew our intimate connections to trans people asked if we were going to try to raise a Baby X, not assign a gender, and avoid pronouns. David would say, “No, we're just going to go with the apparent biological sex. We figure if we're wrong, the baby will let us know soon enough.” But we didn't think that would really happen.
The Tiny Tornado will have a lot to figure out as they get older: whether to go through puberty as a boy or a girl; how out to be about their trans status; when and how to disclose to potential romantic partners; whether and when to take hormones or pursue surgery. They know as much of that as it's appropriate for a five‐year‐old to know. Which is to say, they don't know much. They trust us, though, when we say that they are the person who best knows whether they are a boy. They trust us when we say we can help them with this, that they can grow up to be a man if they want to, that they can grow up to be any kind of man they want to be. That they can grow up to be a good man. That we think they will grow up to be the very best kind of man.
Author's Note: It is customary in my experience to use a person's chosen pronoun even when referring to their life before gender transition. In addition, I have chosen to respect the Tiny Tornado's preference not to be referred to with female pronouns.
Related Articles from Friends Journal
Transforming Prejudice into Love
My name is Aran. I am a man with breasts. I was born with a female body and tried to live as a woman for nearly 39 years. As hard as I tried, though, I always felt like I had a huge hole in the middle of me. Read more.
2013 Epistle from Friends for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, and Queer Concerns Spirit invites everyone to come to the Table of the Beloved Community. We are asked to participate as our authentic selves, with our wounds, and gifts, and imperfections. We were fed and challenged by the Spirit and each other as we wrestled with the reality that there are those who do not feel invited or feel they cannot bring their whole selves to the table. Read more.
Updates
Author Su Penn writes: “I put up a blog post today reporting on a session I attended at the TransHealth conference this June. It was a presentation by Dr. Johanna Olson, who has worked extensively with trans youth, and, as the Tiny Tornado's mom, I went in with a million questions. I found it very informative. If you have questions about things like ‘what if they change their mind' or ‘how you can tell if a kid is transgendered or just likes pink or to play sports,' you might find it helpful.”
From the publisher: Thanks for visiting and sharing this important article! Please stick around, and consider Thanks for visiting and sharing this important article! Please stick around, and consider subscribing to Friends Journal for as little as $25/year!
No national parks. No Smithsonian. (And no Panda Cam.) No new small business loans, no tax audits, no way to check that the employee you want to hire is a citizen.
The government officially shut down at midnight Oct. 1. Hundreds of thousands of federal workers were furloughed, and some of the D.C.-based services tourists and locals alike rely on will be closed.
Here's a list of what you likely can and can't do during a government shutdown. We'll be adding to the list; if you know of something we've left off, email us and we'll research it.
During a shutdown, you can:
Get help from 911: All emergency services will continue as usual, including law enforcement and emergency and disaster assistance.
Top News Photos of the Week
Get caught by a red light camera in D.C.: Red light cameras will still be running, and tickets will still be sent out, which brings us to the next item on the list...
Get mail: Employees of the United States Postal Service are exempt from furloughs.
Get your Social Security benefits: Payments will continue to be issued, and the Social Security Administration says they do not expect delays in payments.
Apply for new Social Security and Medicare benefits: Local offices are open and processing new applications.
Receive disability benefits: See above.
Receive SNAP benefits: The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program will continue to operate.
Receive WIC benefits in most areas: Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC) is dependent on federal funds for adminstrative tasks, but some states have enough of their funding to pay benefits, including Maryland, D.C. and Virginia. (View contact info for all states' agencies here.)
Get a parking ticket in D.C. (or anywhere else): Parking enforcement will continue through the shutdown. Feed your meters and park legally!
Get a passport, probably: The Bureau of Consular Affairs is funded by fees rather than appropriated funds, so it will continue to operate, a spokesperson tells NBC Washington. Home State Department passport offices, however, are located in federal buildings that may have shut down, so you should check to see if your preferred passport office is open before visiting.
Sign up for healthcare exchanges: Despite the GOP's attempts to defund or delay the Affordable Care Act, the plan is already funded, and online healthcare exchanges opened Tuesday for uninsured Americans. (Read more.)
Get your trash picked up, even if you live in D.C.: Even if Mayor Vincent Gray's attempt to declare all city workers essential is rejected, the district has about two weeks' worth of money on hand already authorized by Congress, which might be enough to wait out a fairly brief shutdown.
Be protected by the U.S. military and law enforcement agencies: Personnel considered essential to public health and safety are exempt from furloughs.
Be paid and receive benefits if you're in the U.S. military: Congress has approved the Pay Our Military Act, a measure to continue to pay troops on time, and President Barack Obama signed it into law late Monday.
Receive healthcare benefits if you're a furloughed federal worker: Furloughed federal workers can continue to use their health benefits during the shutdown, even if their premium payments are normally deducted from their paychecks. They will have to make up the premium payments after the shutdown ends. See more here (PDF) and scroll to section H.
Visit a Veterans Affairs (VA) hospital: VA hospitals will remain open. Veterans will also be able to get mental health counseling and get prescriptions filled at VA health clinics.
Get veterans' disability payments and pension benefits: Claims workers will continue to process these, but the Board of Veterans Appeals is closed during the shutdown, so veterans looking to appeal a denial will have to wait until the shutdown ends.
Visit Arlington Cemetery: Arlington is open to the public, although the Arlington House and the tram service are shut down.
Ride Amtrak: While Amtrak receives federal subsidies, it's organized as a corporation and collects enough revenue in ticket fees to outlast a brief shutdown.
Take Metrorail, Metrobus and the D.C. Circulator: Metro assured riders that the system will stay open in the event of a shutdown, but due to a drop in ridership, it shortened eight-car trains to six cars Wednesday. The D.C. Circulator's summer hours ended Monday.
Travel by air: Federal air traffic controllers and most TSA agents will continue showing up to work, although you may find some longer lines at security checkpoints.
Apply for a new patent: The U.S Patent Office is funded for the next four weeks, which should be enough to outlast any government shutdown.
Safely eat meat: Meat inspectors with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) will continue to report to work because they're essential for public safety.
Learn about the unemployment rate: The September jobs report will be released Friday.
Get an unemployment check: Checks will still be sent out, although some payments may be delayed due to a reduction in workforce.
Pay taxes: Workers will continue to have taxes deducted from their paychecks, and all tax payments will continue to be processed. Note that millions of taxpayers have requested 6-month extensions on their 2012 tax filings, and that the deadline for that is Oct. 15. That deadline is not expected to change.
Go to the DMV: You can still visit the Department of Motor Vehicles in your location because they are run by the state (or in D.C.'s case, the city).
Get weather warnings and watches: All National Weather Service offices are open and will continue to provide forecasts and severe weather alerts.
Visit non-government-run museums: The National Building Musem, the Crime Museum, the Phillips Collection and other fee-based museums remain open for business.
Go to state and county parks: Since they're funded by state and local budgets, they will remain open.
File a copyright online: The U.S. Copyright Office is closed, but the Electronic Copyright Office is still open for users to register their work.
Have an Immigration Application or Petition Processed: The offices of U.S. Citizen and Immigration Services are open during the shutdown. There may be some delays, however, and the Department of Labor will stop processing permanent labor certifications. See the full breakdown here.
Go to school: Sorry kids, schools are open.
During a shutdown, you can't:
Visit the Capitol: While the Capitol remains open for congressional matters, it is closed to visitors.
Get a new small business loan: Existing loans are honored, but new applications will not be accepted.
Go to the Smithsonian museums, the National Gallery of Art or the National Zoo: About 90 percent of the Smithsonian's 6,400 workers are furloughed; all museums and the zoo are closed. The animals will still get fed, but visitors can't be around to see that.
Camp in a national park: All national parks -- from Yosemite to Shenandoah National Park -- are closed. (Long-term campers already in parks were given two days to leave.)
Visit a Civil War Battlefield: Like national parks, historic battlefields are closed.
Watch the Zoo's Panda Cam: We know -- in a government shutdown, there are more important things for many people to worry about. But D.C.'s first panda cub in years was a cause for celebration around the region, and huge numbers of fans have flocked to the Panda Cam since the cub's birth in August.
Visit the monuments: D.C.'s monuments are under control of the National Park Service, which means tourists can't visit sites such as the Lincoln, World War II or Franklin Delano Roosevelt memorials.
Check the legal work status of an employee: The E-Verify system allows employers across the country to check on immigration status, but it's a federal website, which means it is shut down.
Have a Permanent Labor Certification Processed: While the offices of U.S. Citizen and Immigration Services are open, the Department of Labor has said it will stop processing permanent labor certifications during the shutdown. A call to the Department of Labor was, understandably, unanswered. See the full breakdown here.
Continue to be audited: The IRS has suspended audit activities. (They will begin again as soon as the government shutdown is over.) Live telephone customer service assistance is not available, but most automated toll-free telephone applications remain operational. IRS walk-in taxpayer assistance centers are closed.
Go rowing, if you're part of a crew team that uses a boathouse on federal land: Many local high school teams use boathouses on the Anacostia and Potomac rivers, but access is cut off during the shutdown.
ALSO SEE:
Copyright Associated Press / NBC4 Washington
After Hit-and-Run Death, Queens Pols Blame “Distracted Pedestrians”
A hit-and-run driver killed 17-year-old Ovidio Jaramillo at the intersection of Northern Boulevard and Junction Boulevard in Jackson Heights on Tuesday night. In response, Queens electeds held a press conference today at the site of the crash, where they called for laws and education campaigns to stop “distracted pedestrians.”
The driver, who has yet to be apprehended, struck Jaramillo at 10:50 p.m. as they were crossing Northern Boulevard from north to south.
Instead of calling attention to street design that encourages speeding, or state laws that limit the city's ability to deploy speed enforcement cameras, State Senator Jose Peralta and Assembly Member Michael DenDekker mostly blamed the victims of dangerous driving.
Peralta said they would push for legislation requiring DOT to mount a public education campaign about “the dangers of being a distracted pedestrian.” DenDekker called for crossing guards at every school corner, which they said would be funded by speed camera fines, and talked up a law they have proposed to make texting in crosswalks illegal.
NYPD told Streetsblog there was “nothing whatsoever” in the police account of the crash to suggest that Jaramillo was distracted by an electronic device when they were struck. When pressed on why the proposals focused on pedestrian distractedness, which hasn't been implicated at all in Jaramillo's death, Peralta implied that enough had been done to calm traffic. “We have tons of things to hold drivers accountable,” they said. “I'm supportive of Vision Zero, but we need to have more education campaigns.”
DenDekker pushed for their proposed $25 fine for texting in a crosswalk. “The idea of the bill is not to fine per se pedestrians but to change behavior,” they said. “Pedestrians need to be aware of their surroundings.”
Also present at the press event was Assembly Member Francisco Moya, whose recent contribution to Queens street safety policy has been an obstinate campaign to block a road diet and protected bike lane on 111th Street alongside Flushing Meadows Corona Park. “Ovidio's life should not have ended so soon and their death should be a call to action,” Moya said, but they proposed no course of action to protect people from hit-and-run drivers.
The intersection of Northern Boulevard and Junction Boulevard is especially dangerous. According to NYPD, 25 crashes have occurred there so far this year, leading to eight injuries and one death. In 2013, a driver hit and killed 3-year-old Jahir Figueroa at the same intersection.
Both streets are wide, leading to excessive speeding and dangerous turning movements. The situation is begging for a street redesign, but none of the three electeds mentioned that possibility.
The three legislators could also use their positions in Albany to make streets safer. State law currently limits the number of operational speed cameras in NYC to no more than 140, and those cameras must be in the vicinity of a school and can only operate during school activities. According to WNYC's map of speed cameras, there have been cameras on Northern Boulevard near the crash site, but none are currently active.
With fewer restrictions on the speed camera program, the full length of deadly streets like Northern Boulevard could be enforced at all hours. In the event of a hit-and-run crash, camera footage could be used to apprehend the driver. None of the legislators mentioned these potential remedies, which they could help pass in Albany.
Speaking after the press conference, DenDekker expressed confidence that Jaramillo's killer would get caught, charged with vehicular manslaughter and sent to jail, but the NYPD admitted to the City Council last week that of the 48 “catastrophic” hit-and-run incidents causing severe injury or death this year, only 28 have been prosecuted.
Jaramillo's friends and family, including their grandmother, attended the press conference. “Ovidio was our best friend,” said their friend ToniAnn Wittmer. “He was always there to put a smile on your face no matter what said.”
Rich Furlong, who lives near the intersection, blasted the legislators for their tone-deaf proposals. “They're using this poor kid's death to push their don't-text-and-run campaign,” they said. “They're blaming the victim.”
South Korea decreased the water supply to the Kaesong Industrial Complex from 15,000 tons a day to 10,000 in December, according to the Ministry of Unification (MOU).
Tap water supplies to the region have also been cut from 7,000 tons to 5,000.
While South Korean media had reported there was no deliberation on the cuts, NK News has learned that the decision was the result of several meetings between North and South Korea.
“South Korean media wrote as if the government stopped supplying water without having any form of conversation with the North,” an official from the Ministry of Unification told NK News.
“The MOU had official meetings with the DPRK as the water at Wolgo reservoir was drying up due to heavy drought. The DPRK agreed on when and how much the water supply should be decreased,” the official added.
The Wolgo Reservoir is located to the north of the Kaesong complex and feeds the South Korean treatment facility delivering water to Kaesong.
Due to the poor condition of the DPRK's water pipes the South has supplied the joint business project with water since 2007. The water supply has not seen a reduction of this size since the construction of the South's water treatment facility eight years ago.
According to the MOU, the South Korean authorities also asked to inspect North Korea's water pipes in the region, but this request was ignored.
“The pipes connecting the Kaesong Industrial Complex to Wolgo are worn out for sure…Once we requested to open up those pipes to see if they need any maintenance, but the DPRK did not reply to our request as they are really secretive about their national infrastructure,” the official from the MOU said.
Kaesong has a population of approximately 300,000 people. Most of them rely on water from the South Korean treatment facility.
Additional reporting by JH Ahn
On Hugh Hewitt's Friday radio program, CNN's Jake Tapper sounded off on their relationship as a journalist with the federal government.
Partial transcript as follows:
HEWITT: We don't have to know this for sure — you and I can't, we don't have the clearances, but isn't it a rational conclusion that what [Snowden] gave away greatly injured the national security interest of the United States?
TAPPER: I know that is what the U.S. government says. I choose to make it my job to not automatically believe what the U.S. government says.
HEWITT: But that is also said by a lot of people outside of the government who are familiar with, perhaps have practiced in the past with the intelligence community, it's not just the United States government, pretty much everybody who has had a security clearance that I know of isn't it?
TAPPER: Hugh, my job is to be skeptical. Skeptical of people like Edward Snowden and skeptical of the U.S. government. My job is to not take for granted when somebody says, ‘Oh, this is all just a made-up, phony scandal' or, ‘What this person did put the U.S. government at risk and the American people at risk.'
Reviewing beer never takes a holiday!
While visiting the beautiful island of Oahu, Hawaii, I had the chance to sample Maui Brewing Company's CoCoNut Porter. While most of the trip consisted of Piña Coladas and Mai Tai's, there were certainly enough local suds to enjoy while on the island – CoCoNut Porter being just one of the myriad of flavors and options.
The weather was simply perfect for my stay – and while enjoying the al-fresco scene at the Yardhouse I decided to opt for a coconut porter to pair with my meal. If you've never been to Yardhouse, and you're in Oahu, definitely check it out, as they boast one of the largest amount of beers on tap I've seen.
Onto the sud itself…
The beer came in a typical pint glass and was pure black, resembling more of a stout than a porter. The Coca-Cola-esque appearance reminded me a bit of Left Hand Brewing's Nitro Stout, however that is where the comparisons end.
The aroma was pleasant, and definitely roasty and almost nutty. The coconut eventually breaks through combative scents of malt, chocolate and coffee – however it is certainly not the star of the show….yet.
First sip is extremely smooth and makes me realize that it is the perfect after-dinner sipper on the island. This is a great ‘go-home' beer, to wrap up an evening of mai tais and debauchery. It is sweet, but not overly sweet. The roast comes through much like a typical stout – until the slight hint of coconut envelopes your palate towards the finish.
The mouthfeel is not overly creamy or heavy. This is a lighter-medium mouthfeel beer that is surprisingly carbonated – this way you are not bogged down after one or two and can still enjoy your time on the island. A few more sips and I begin to notice more cocoa and coffee flavors come out, as coconut takes a backseat to the traditional porter/stout flavors.
Final Thoughts
Overall, this turned out to be a nice take on a porter – a slightly lighter beer than a typical stout/porter that can be enjoyed even in the tropical climate of Hawaii. The CoCoNut Porter makes for a great night-cap sipper, with a lighter body so as not to prevent you from your busy vacation itinerary, while the welcoming, slight hint of coconut provides just the right amount of tropical flavoring to remind you that you are on island time.
The Reserve Bank board has kept its cash rate on hold at a record low of 1.5 per cent for the 13th consecutive month, amid a host of signs that the economy is picking up.
Treasurer Scott Morrison told the Coalition party room as the board was meeting that job advertisements were growing strongly, climbing 13 per cent in the past year.
Jobs growth was the strongest it had been since 1978, employers' wages bills had climbed 1.2 per cent in the June quarter and non-mining investment had climbed 2.6 per cent.
The Australian Bureau of Statistics will provide a full accounting of the June quarter on Wednesday with the release of the national accounts at 11.30am. Market economists are expecting growth of 0.7 to 0.9 per cent, a jump from 0.3 per cent in the March quarter.
You can't throw a stick without hitting someone writing something about the downfall of the game console. Mobile gaming has exploded such that catering to the casual gamer seems like a more viable business model to some, and with a game console in your pocket what need to have you for a device that tethers you to the couch? It's a broad brush to paint with, and this past console generation proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that the console gamer is not only here to stay, but demands more. This amazing clash of gaming cultures is precisely why the NVIDIA Shield exists, and if the companies responsible for bringing it to life can keep the content flowing it's likely we'll soon recognize this device as the fourth major game console on the market. The road so far...
The line between set-top box and game console has gotten awful blurry over the last couple of years. Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo all came into this last generation of devices with a "home entertainment" theme, and plenty of apps to support the notion that you needn't ever leave the device you are currently using. The Xbox One went so far as to include an HDMI passthrough, so cable subscribers could watch TV through the Xbox and not ever really need to change inputs. Nintendo's massive gamepad doubles as a universal remote, as well as a handy second screen controller for all of the streaming apps. These enhancements are all about removing as many steps as possible between you and the game, and so far it has worked incredibly well. Google and Apple are trying to become a more significant presence in the living room, and in response Microsoft and Sony are pushing into the mobile world. At the same time, console folks have seen the benefits of playing nice with indie devs and casual gamers. Sony's indie support is incredible, and includes a ton of free or inexpensive games that can be played for hours or minutes alongside the budding PlayStation Now game streaming service. Microsoft has been a little slower on the indie support, but has also been focused on making Windows 10 an integral part of the gaming experience for those that want it. These moves are all about being the one device for everyone, which is great for every kind of user but one — those mobile gamers that prefer their phones and live in that ecosystem already. Microsoft and Sony can bring over a handful of popular mobile games to the world of big screens and controllers, but they can't have a significant portion of that ecosystem because it's already owned by Google and Apple, and that's the dividing line right now. Google and Apple are trying to become a more significant presence in the living room so their content can grow into that space, and in response Microsoft and Sony are pushing their own content ecosystems into the mobile world to grow in that space. Neither have gained significant ground on the other's turf, because neither can adequately fill the gaps created by an incomplete offering. It's a standstill for the most part, and it'll take a massive push in one direction or the other to make any significant headway. NVIDIA's massive push
While Google was clearly not prepared to make Android TV a living room sensation with the Nexus Player, with NVIDIA's help there's hope for the platform. The NVIDIA Shield Android TV checks all of the right boxes for mobile gamers and content consumers out of the box, with 200+ Android games available at launch and just about every streaming media app out there. Cable cutters get an extra push with support for IP tuners and OTA tuners, with a friendly TV Guide-like UI to bring it all together. With Google Cast and HDMI-CEC embedding Chromecast functionality into the box and Google's recent push towards letting your friends use their phones as controllers for some games, you've got a reasonable kit for people embedded in the Google ecosystem. Grid gives you the ability to stream a massive list of AAA games at 1080p and stores all of your progress online. The NVIDIA Shield exclusive games and access to the NVIDIA Grid gaming service is where the crossover into console land happens. The Shield exclusives have been a part of NVIDIA's device lineup for a while now, and include some new titles like Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel! and remastered heavyweights like Doom 3: BFG Edition and Half-Life 2: Episode Two top a list of 20 titles that can be installed to the device and played native. Meanwhile, Grid gives you the ability to stream a massive list of AAA games at 1080p and stores all of your progress online. The games launch almost instantly and if you have a decent internet connection offers a flawless experience, and while we don't yet have details on pricing for this system we know that games will be available a la carte, so you'll be able to buy the game and play it just like you would anywhere else. Oh, and did I mention PC gaming on the couch? NVIDIA GameStream may not be the simplest thing in the world to use, but it already supports a ton of games. If you've got a gaming rig, you should be just a little curious. There's really only one thing missing, and that's multiplayer online gameplay and the community services associated with that experience. Google Play Games is a far cry from the monstrous creations that are PlayStation Online and Xbox Live, and NVIDIA has no compelling alternative. This isn't a problem if you're taking the casual route in your gameplay, or if you appreciate local gameplay and a good story, but it means the matchmaking FPS crowd aren't going to be as interested in these offerings for not. The upside is that NVIDIA and Google could change this with relative ease, as long as they can get game publishers to play nice and support this budding platform. The next big thing in gaming... maybe.
With most of the pieces in place and a perfectly reasonable price point for the hardware and features being offered, the only thing that will keep the NVIDIA Shield Android TV from being successful is Google and NVIDIA. With an appropriate marketing plan and a long-term plan for AAA titles on the console, there's a decent chance this will be the device that brings Android TV out of obscurity. Personally, this is my new favorite console. I can stream games from my PC if I'm in the mood, but I'll also be able to play on Grid and enjoy multiplayer when friends come over, on top of being a suitable replacement for my Chromecast. This isn't going to cause mass exodus with people to throwing out the ecosystems they are currently embedded in, but unlike previous efforts all of the right pieces are there for this console to be taken seriously. It's a great first step, and with any luck this device will get the attention it deserves.
Food industry-backed H.R. 1599 would make the labeling of food products derived from genetically modified organisms (GMOs) voluntary for food companies, and it would block individual states or municipalities from requiring GMO labeling.
The bill, which has broad GOP support, would preempt a labeling law in one state—Vermont—that's set to go into effect next year. The House bill made it through the House Agriculture Committee last week and could be voted on by the full chamber on Thursday.
Connecticut and Maine also have passed statutes requiring GMO labeling, but both of those states have "trigger clauses" attached to their measures, meaning that their own laws would go into effect only if other states put rules into effect. The House legislation would require the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to create national labeling guidelines.
One of H.R. 1599's critics, Rep. Jim McGovern of the House Agriculture Committee, a Democrat of Massachusetts, said they find "it is ironic that so many of my Republican colleagues espouse state's rights, but the bill before us does just the opposite. It preempts states from establishing their own labeling laws and it would invalidate laws already passed in states like Vermont, Maine and Connecticut."
Step aside, Star-Lord.
As of this weekend, “Wonder Woman” is officially the highest grossing summer film at the domestic box office. With $389 million, the DC Comics movie from Warner Bros. has passed the previous leader, “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2” ($387 million). “Guardians,” though, has “Wonder Woman” beat on a global level with $860 million versus $779 million so far.
“Wonder Woman” is also now in second place for 2017 overall behind only Disney's remake of “Beauty and the Beast.”
Warner Bros. is reaping the benefits. With this weekend's successful launch of “Dunkirk,” the studio has tallied over $1 billion at the domestic box office — the seventeenth consecutive year that Warner Bros. has done so.
“Wonder Woman,” directed by Patty Jenkins and starring Gal Gadot in the titular role, has been as close to an unmitigated success as a movie can be since it launched to $103.1 million during its opening weekend. The film was praised nearly universally by critics, earning it a 92% on Rotten Tomatoes.
Plans for a sequel are murky, but one is definitely in the works. In a June interview with DC film universe chiefs Jon Berg and Geoff Johns, Variety revealed that Jenkins was already working on a script for a second installation.
“Wonder Woman” has certainly been Warner Bros.' power player, but other top grossing domestic movies for the studio this year so far include “The Lego Batman Movie” ($175 million domestic) and “Kong: Skull Island” ($168 million domestic). Next up, the studio has two horror plays with “Annabelle: Creation” and “It,” followed by major releases later in the year “Blade Runner 2049” and “Justice League.”
Broncos defensive end Derek Wolfe rebounded from a four-game suspension with a vengeance this season. Not only was they a disruptive force on the NFL's top defense, they showed promise as a future cornerstone player.
Friday, the Broncos rewarded Wolfe with a four-year contract, locking up the first of several key free agents. The deal is worth $36.7 million and includes $17.5 million guaranteed, two NFL sources told The Denver Post.
“It's great. Derek's worked their tail off,” Broncos general manager John Elway said via the team's website. “He's had a tremendous career so far — a short career, only four years. So we're looking forward to having them here for some more time. He's worked very hard and well-deserved, so we're glad that we can come to an agreement. Now they can only look forward and, hopefully, continue to get three more wins this year.”
Denver wants to keep its defense together. That means this deal won't preclude others, although no more are expected to be wrapped up until the season concludes.
The Broncos will attempt to secure outside linebacker Von Miller, who can be retained on the franchise tag if necessary, and free-agent defensive end Malik Jackson and linebacker Danny Trevathan. But the Broncos face difficult decisions, given the uncertainty at quarterback, where Brock Osweiler will be a free agent, and the need to bolster the offensive line.
Wolfe, 25, stated numerous times the past few weeks that their desire was to remain in Denver.
“Last night I called my agents and the deal was already on the table and I said, ‘Look, let's just take this deal,'” Wolfe told the Broncos' website. “‘I don't want to leave. I love this city, I love the, I love the organization, the coaches, my teammates and everything, so I couldn't be happier. I'm in a place that I love to be, so why would I leave?”
A second-round pick in the 2012 draft, Wolfe became a priority with a breakout season under new defensive line coach Bill Kollar. Always known as an elite run stuffer, Wolfe delivered 5½ sacks and 12 quarterback hits in 12 games this season. They missed the first month after serving a four-game ban for violating the NFL's policy on performance-enhancing drugs.
Wolfe earned AFC defensive player of the week honors in the Broncos' 29-10 victory over Green Bay on Nov. 1.
Like cornerback Chris Harris, Wolfe took a deal for likely less than what they could have received on the open market because of their desire to stay with the Broncos.
“I love Wolfe. I am so happy for him. They work extremely hard,” Harris said. “Glad to have an anchor defense up front.”
Troy E. Renck: trenck@denverpost.com or @troyrenck
We all know that smokers and drinkers cost our healthcare system a fortune thanks to their self-destructive behavior. So it makes sense to heavily tax cigarettes and booze as a way to bring down the deficit or fund government healthcare programs. Right?
Well, no.
In fact, the economic case for so-called "sin taxes" is highly questionable -- quite apart from whether such taxes tend to be regressive, hitting lower-income Americans the most.
Here's the obvious flaw in the logic of sin taxes. Yes, smokers and drinkers incur high healthcare costs when they get lung cancer or liver disease and die prematurely. But if these same people live much longer, and go on to suffer other health problems, their net consumption of healthcare resources could end up being the same or even greater.
What's more expensive: Having Jane Doe die of lung cancer at 62 or having them live on for another two decades, getting a hip replacement and some other tuneups, before finally dying of colon cancer?
Tallying up the ultimate healthcare costs for smokers versus non-smokers is complicated, and it's fair to say that expert opinion is divided on this subject. A well known 2008 study by the Dutch government, for example, found that long-living people who didn't smoke and weren't obese actually rang up bigger healthcare costs over time:
Until age 56 annual health expenditure was highest for obese people. At older ages, smokers incurred higher costs. Because of differences in life expectancy, however, lifetime health expenditure was highest among healthy-living people and lowest for smokers. Obese individuals held an intermediate position.
Similarly, a 1997 study published in the New England Journal of Medicine found that:
If all smokers quit, health care costs would be lower at first, but after 15 years they would become higher than at present. In the long term, complete smoking cessation would produce a net increase in health care costs, but it could still be seen as economically favorable under reasonable assumptions of discount rate and evaluation period.
People who die prematurely don't just stop costing the healthcare system money, they also don't collect Social Security benefits. And one reason that our entitlement system for seniors faces such strains is because people are taking care of themselves better and living longer. A generous safety net for the elderly was easier to sustain in the Mad Men era when more than 40 percent of adults smoked, people drank like fish and nobody had ever heard the word cholesterol. Both my grandfathers, who epitomized this era, died relatively young. A healthier grandmother of mine, in contrast, who is now 99, has been in a nursing home for well over a decade, suffers from Alzheimer's and requires round-the-clock care.
Now, of course, there are a pile of studies saying that smoking and drinking really do cost society more. And it's impossible to quantify the positive benefits of increased longevity. Longer life spans are one of the great achievements of the modern era. Certainly there are plenty of good arguments for getting people to smoke less or generally take care of themselves -- but it's not clear that tax policy is the place to pursue those goals.
Yet sin taxes are now a staple of our tax system, particularly at the state and local level. Congress raised the federal tax on cigarettes in 2009 to over $1 as part of reauthorizing SCHIP. And now some federal tax plans, most recently one released by the Center for American Progress, would raise sin taxes as part of a fiscal cliff deal. CAP's plan calls for again hiking cigarette taxes, by 50 cents a pack, and also increasing taxes on alcohol.
This is a questionable proposal given the muddy debate over the actual costs of smoking and drinking. And there may also be a strong argument that such sin taxes are regressive. I say "may" because this, too, is a murky area: Yes, low-income Americans are said to account for half of all smokers, meaning that they shoulder a huge burden of taxes on cigarettes. On the other hand, smokers who quit because of higher taxes are likely to live longer and collect more in government benefits. Also, getting poor smokers to quit relieves them of the costs of paying for cigarettes. So maybe cigarette taxes are more progressive than they look.
Users started buying and selling illegal goods hours after Facebook Marketplace launched yesterday.
Drugs, guns and animals were being traded on Facebook's new version of Craigslist thanks to a glitch in the software that did not adequately filter and review posts breaching Facebook's terms of service.
The new feature for its Facebook mobile app allows people to buy and sell things online, but other users browsing Marketplace spotted strange and illicit goods fairly quickly, taking screenshots of these and sharing them on social media.
Other objects that were put for sale on Marketplace included tamales, sex-related services, fresh fish and water without plastic bottles.
Facebook apologised for these issues and promised to resolve them as soon as possible.
"We are working to fix the problem and will be closely monitoring our systems to ensure we are properly identifying and removing violations before giving more people access to Marketplace," said Mary Ku, Product Manager for Facebook Marketplace, in a statement emailed to IT Pro.
Facebook Marketplace is similar to services such as Craigslist and eBay, but it allows users to find out more information about the person they are buying from or selling to, and communicate with them or them through Facebook Messenger.
So far the service has launched in the US, UK, Australia and New Zealand, for mobile use only. If it gains popularity, it could be also extended to the web and might be introduced in other countries.
In future, Facebook could also allow businesses to buy Facebook ads for what they're selling on Marketplace, something that is not yet possible.
Derek Broomes, the president and CEO of a nonprofit faith-based housing organization in Harlem has been arrested and charged with fraud, embezzlement and misappropriation of more than $800,000 from federal funds designed to help low-income New Yorkers living with HIV/AIDS, according to a press release from the U.S. Department of Justice.
The New York Daily News reports that the charity is called Harlem Congregations for Community Improvement and that Broome's actions “pushed the non-profit into financial tailspin—jeopardizing at-risk tenants.” When the nonprofit failed to pay its clients' rents, their landlords threatened to evict them.
Broomes is charged with taking Scattered Site Housing Program (SSHP) money, which the nonprofit uses to help its clients.
The Justice Department press release states that Broomes's alleged misdeeds began in 2013 and that they used their “scheme to enrich themselves at the expense of the nonprofit.”
The Justice Department ends its press release with this statement: “The charges contained in the complaint are merely accusation, and the defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.”
To read more POZ articles about the intersection of housing and HIV, click on the tag #Housing.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- An 18-year-old Kansas City man has been charged in connection with the fatal shooting on April 3 of Jacob Brantner, Jackson County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker announced today.
Fazon K. Swinton faces 2nd degree murder, 2nd degree robbery, armed criminal action, and leaving the scene of a shooting.
According to court records, Brantner was meeting Swinton in the parking lot of a Price Chopper on East 63rd Street in Kansas City to sell them a handgun.
They were discussing the sale outside their vehicles when Swinton attempted to take the gun without paying. The two men struggled over the gun before Swinton grabbed it and ran. Both victim and suspect shot at each other.
Brantner was shot and died at the scene. Records show that Swinton checked into a hospital later that night with gunshot wounds.
Kansas City detectives traced the phone number that the suspect had used to contact the victim, as well as their vehicle, connecting them to Swinton.
Prosecutors have requested a bond of $250,000.
Swinton is scheduled to appear for a hearing on Thursday.
Previous coverage:
The Problem With Bein' A Preacher's Kid
-a monologue by Kari Morris-
The problem with being a preacher's kid is that you can't be a normal Christian. To you, Christianity is not a religion, nor a spiritual path, nor a choice: it's a family business. You are born into this family business, one that consumes much of your family's living room, telephone line, holidays and weekends; and since you're part of the family: you help. Since your preacher parent often feels they have to be eleven places at once, it's wonderfully convenient if they have a family: because then they can. Parishioners ecstatically latch onto you as a much-needed ministry appendage, and you wonder to yourself, “is it selfish that I just wanna go outside and play?”
But you quickly put that aside, out of your mind and learn, firsthand, how to be long suffering. You teach, you counsel others, you answer deep theological questions, you lead the services and activities no one else wants to bother with, you always welcome people into your home even when you're exhausted and sick, you get to the church early in the morning and leave late at night, and you especially learn not to ask yourself, “How come Dad gets paid for all this work but I don't?”
You learn to be secretive about any and all of your parents' faults, especially your own: because kids have more. You ache to join in with the other kids' antics, the other kids' play, but the adults in the congregation are watching you: your perfect behavior is the full measure of your preacher parents' suitability for ministry. Not that the other kids want to hang around you anyway. They begrudgingly do, but secretly they resent you. For you are the moral prodigy their parents always hold over their heads. Oh yes: you are resented. The kids live to break you. They poke you, prod you, steal from you, mercilessly tease you, touch you. “How much can they take?” the kids will wail. You are the wonder, the science experiment they can't crack. And they hate you for it all the more. They hate that they can't expose you as a human, tell on you, get your family fired, and be rid of you. But 'til then: you're good entertainment. Not that you'll give them the satisfaction. Nope. You shut your body down, jut out your chin in defiance, and you don't crack an inch. You. Are. Perfect. Until…someone comes along…and wants to know you. You. Who? They offer real friendship. Real…support, help, oh no, no, no-your feathers bristle, and on instinct, you say, “Oh, I see. You're waiting for me to crack, aren't you? Well, fuck you, I don't crack. I'm a preacher's kid, I am a rock. I don't need you!” So, they never really know you. Or they leave, they give up. Each time this happens, you want to scream at your preacher parent, “do you have any idea how lonely I live for you?”
Truly though, you amaze yourself at your ability to play the part of the-absolutely-perfect-Christian: even though you've never had room to consider whether you believe it or not. Your range, the control you develop, is positively superhuman. It gives you something you can control, something you can be proud of, at least. After awhile, it almost entertains you. You think, “Gee. If I can play the part so well, I wonder if my minister parent is, too. I wonder if everyone is. Is all we're praying to even real?”
But you don't say that. You don't say that. Your infallibility is the only thing some people have. No. You smile. And nod. And listen. You listen and listen: you can't help it. There are too many faces of desperation, loss, tragedy, grief at your door; so many crying, hurting bruised insides asking, “Why, why, why?” You're six. You don't know what to say. You're six, so…you listen. And take it all in. Let it collect at the pit of your stomach and wonder, as children often do: “is it all my fault?”
You begin to hate.
You hate your parent's congregation. And the depth of your rage terrifies you.
You hate them because they take the first, best, and deepest of your minister parent. They're so drained-and often grieved-at the end of a day that you think to yourself, “compared to the tragedies of a whole community, how can I be so selfish to voice my small, petty problems?
You hate the congregation because they come to Christianity so simply, so innocently: and find strength for their journeys. You, as a preacher's kid, don't know how to do that. You've seen too much. You know too much. You were born with a tragic backstage pass. You met Christianity at its disillusioned, “school of hard knocks”, worst-case scenario version. You never got to discover it, fall in love with it, choose it. You got the meat and potatoes: they get the magic. Your mission as a preacher's kid-should you decide to accept it-is to know how to relate to Christianity AT ALL. As you. Not an appendage.
You grow up, leave home-leave the shadow of the family business-and going to church suddenly becomes: an identity crisis. You have no fucking idea what to do. You feel so advanced. But so behind. You know so much. But so little. You inevitably fall back into ministry: the obligation overwhelms every pore of you, plus it's all you know how to do. The church, of course, is happy for the help. They try and spiritually feed you, but you smile and nod and listen and continue being the feeder: on autopilot.
You soon get tired. Depressed. You suddenly realize: “wait! I don't have to do this!” But then you think: “what will I do with all my time? Who will I worry about? What role will I play?” So, you keep on. You get tired again. Depressed again. You suddenly realize “wait! I don't even have to go to church! I don't even have to be a Christian if I don't want to!” But you don't know what the alternative would be. Another religion? Another faith? Leaving religion and faith all together? You have no clue how you'd approach these alternatives, and you're pissed that you have no clue how to approach these alternatives. Not to mention, if you'd grown up in a conservative family business, you've been told that leaving Christianity would result in eternal hell fire and damnation. No pressure. You stay. You feel stuck. You feel trapped. You feel lost. You feel so, so fake. But no. Not fake. You know that you believe-and always have-very deeply in SOMETHING…you just don't know what it is.
You look for support and:
-you find a few online PK Organizations. Most of their pamphlets and books are out of print. They have a few get-togethers, mostly to talk about “how great it was to be a preacher's kid”. They don't speak of the pain. Not online. Online is public. And they're still scared-even at 50-that a church member will see it and retaliate against their preacher parent still serving. PK's are forever looking over their shoulder. Then you find online forums. People write of the pain there: signing only their first name, or signing no name at all.
-you look to therapists, who've never met someone with your particular pain. The field of psychology, after all, has only published a few scant articles about preacher's kids: impersonally, statistically, analyzing your behavior as if you're a species.
-you look to the media, and find yourself portrayed as the sexually repressed, Bible-thumping, goody-two-shoes, or the angry-Goth-atheist-drug addict that sleeps with everyone. Neither stereotype fits you. Both are considered a joke. Society considers you a joke.
-you look to the Bible, where the children of called leaders…are barely mentioned. Of the few stories, the one that pains you the most is that of Abraham and Isaac. Everyone praises Abraham for their faith and their sacrifice, everyone praises God for the grace and mercy of stopping the sacrifice, but you, as a preacher's kid, want to cry out: what about Isaac? What does it feel like to realize, that, if your parent is called of God: you are expendable?
You realize you're a part of a social minority: one that can never tell its secret. For if you do, if you ever do, you will cause worldwide religious despair. You will prove that Christianity can take identity instead of give it, that it can leave some lost instead of found. That the church is built on the backs of brokenhearted, invisible children. And, by you embracing your right to be human, you will shatter the image of the perfect minister, the perfect minister's family, and their perfect faith. You will shatter the peaceful knowing that the shepherd always has it together, always has it under their wing: that there is someone on this earth who can live the saint's life they're striving for. And all of that-all of that-will betray the world's hope. It will betray the only thing they have to stand on. And when you think of the enormity of the world's suffering and how they need this hope so, so badly…suddenly your need for peace seems so insignificant. So small. So, so selfish.
You wonder if perhaps your calling is to be lost…so that they can be found.
It's you or them.
That's always been your choice, really. You or them.
The problem with being a preacher's kid is that you can't be a…
You can't be…
You can't…
…You.
©2009 Kari Morris
ARLINGTON, Texas -- Elvis Andrus has been more than good on defense this season -- they have basically been perfect.
The young shortstop hit a milestone with their club-record 51st consecutive game without an error dating back to last season in the Rangers' 7-3 win over the Yankees on Wednesday.
Andrus has been perfect with the glove through 82 chances in 18 starts this season.
"Right now I see the ball super slow," Andrus said. "I can see my rhythm. I can see the bounces of the ball. That has been the big key for me. Just to simplify my routine."
It sounds like a small change, but the difference has been huge.
Andrus' 25 errors last season were more than any other MLB shortstop except the Chicago Cubs' Starlin Castro.
"The last two months of last season, I really felt my rhythm back," Andrus said. "I really felt everything went back to what I wanted it to be."
Before the Rangers' series finale against the Yankees on Wednesday, Andrus said they are simply feeling it this season.
"You anticipate ground balls, you start seeing it longer, and you can get to more balls," Andrus said. "Your range gets higher. That's the way I feel right now."
Detroit's Jhonny Peralta is the only other shortstop without an error this season.
"I think that's been one of the things that I have to be more proud that I did over the last three years. I continued to work," Andrus said.
Michael Young, who won the 2008 Gold Glove Award at shortstop, took it a lot further.
"Elvis has taken upon themselves to make themselves one of the best defenders in the league," Young said. "I don't see a better defensive shortstop in the league than Elvis."
Second baseman Ian Kinsler didn't seem to disagree.
"He is definitely talented defensively. No question about that," Kinsler said. "Since the first time they got here, they just continues to get better.”
Manager Ron Washington, who said they don't look at errors much, said they have been more impressed with Andrus' consistency.
"I'm seeing professional fielding. That's what I'm seeing," Washington said. "He's fielding a routine ball. He's making the plays in the hole. He's making the slow rollers. He's consistent with their throwing. He's getting their feet in position consistently."
It's hard to complain about having one of the best defensive shortstops in baseball, but the youngster has struggled at the plate. Their average has climbed over the past two weeks, but they are still hitting .239 this season, including an abysmal .176 at home.
Gov. Quinn during a press conference in front of the Maywood Park District to announce $1.62 million in funding to renovate the District's 809 Building. Sen. Lightford (below). Photos by Michael Romain for the Village Free Press.
Sunday, October 26, 2014 || By Michael Romain || Updated: 12:43 PM
Maywood's elected representatives are more vigilant about these new funds, considering the $1 million grant that was awarded for the 809 Building in 2006 — today, the building still sits empty
MAYWOOD | Illinois Governor Pat Quinn was in Maywood yesterday to deliver a $1.62 million dummy check to the Maywood Park District. The money will go toward renovating the building at 809 W. Madison Avenue. The funds are the result of what Sen. Kimberly Lightford (D-Maywood) described as three years of legislative legwork to create a separate pool of funds for park districts struggling to compete with ones in wealthier communities.
They said that they were motivated to work on the legislation, which was in the form of an amendment to an already existing bill, after realizing that the park districts in Broadview, Forest Park and Maywood were applying for state grants year after year, but weren't getting any funding.
“I had to collaborate with the Director of Natural Resources for us to draft language to do a set-aside,” they said. “So 10 percent of the [state funds for park districts] goes to a pool of money that is specifically for park districts in communities considered low-income or distressed, or that can't compete with park districts in other communities.”
Senate Bill 1341 provides financially distressed local governments across the state with Open Space Lands Acquisition and Development (OSLAD) grants for up to 90 percent of the total cost of projects. Before, the grants would only cover up to 50 percent. In July, the Governor, along with Sen. Lightford and Rep. Chris Welch (D-7th), presented a $1.2 million dummy check to the Broadview Park District. And in August, they dropped off a $2.5 million check to the Forest Park Park District.
Rep. Welch, who was responsible for helping to push Sen. Lightford's legislation for the dedicated fund through the Illinois House of Representatives, said that they had been advocating for the Maywood Park District in Springfield for several months before Gov. Quinn presented the check on Saturday.
“In January and February, while I was on maternity leave, I made sure I pulled all my entities together, the Park District being one, and I made sure I got a letter of support attached to the Park District's application and we just hawked it and advocated for it and we're glad we've been heard,” Welch said. “If there's a park that qualifies [for the funding], this is it.”
According to a statement Rep. Welch's office released yesterday, the grant money is part of the $50 million Parks and Recreational Facility Construction (PARC) program, which is funded through Gov. Quinn's Illinois Jobs Now! construction program.
“PARC provides investments to eligible local governments for park and recreation construction projects. Eligible projects include land acquisition, development, architectural planning, construction, rehabilitation and improvements. The PARC program may provide up to 75 percent of approved project costs, with the exception of local governments defined as “disadvantaged,” which are eligible for up to 90 percent funding,” according to Welch's statement.
“This is an investment in the future of Illinois,” Gov. Quinn said yesterday.
In addition to Sen. Lightford and Rep. Welch, Gov. Quinn was accompanied on the steps outside of the Park District's Ninth Avenue headquarters by Maywood Mayor Edwenna Perkins, Park District Board President Bill Hampton, members of Districts 89 and 209 school boards, local community leaders and other area residents.
“We want to make sure we build a place where people young and old….can make memories,” the Governor said.
“This is a new opportunity that we've been given,” said Theresa Kelly, a member of the District 209 school board. “I've been in Maywood all my life and I'm so happy to see someone taking interest in our community and helping to bring our kids a safe haven that they can enjoy and build on.”
“Investment in local park districts is an investment in the future of Illinois communities,” Illinois Department of Natural Resources Director Marc Miller noted in Welch's statement. “This renovated facility in Maywood will help maintain a high quality of life that is vital for attracting young families.”
The last time the state awarded the Park District money – Lightford was left “devastated”
This isn't the first time the Maywood Park District has received significant state funds. In March 2006, the Park District was awarded a $1 million grant by the Illinois Department of Commerce & Economic Opportunity (DCEO). Sen. Lightford was also instrumental in shepherding that funding through the General Assembly.
According to the DCEO's online grant tracker tool, the amount disbursed to the Park District was $750,000, which was transferred in phases between March 2006 and December 2009. The money was allocated for the rehabilitation of the Park District's recreational center located at 809 W. Madison Avenue.
But after at least $750,000 spent, the ‘809 Building' is yet to be open. At the time, the Park District's then-executive director, Al McKinnor, was responsible for overseeing the project. Documents from a state audit conducted on the rehabilitation project reveal that McKinnor contracted construction work on the building out to relatives and that the state required them to pay back at least a portion of the money that was spent. However, the audit didn't find any substantial wrongdoing. It is unclear whether or not McKinnor paid the money back.
An analysis of the minutes from Park District board meetings held between 2006 and 2009 show a pattern of inconsistencies in McKinnor's status reports on the project. At certain points, McKinnor stated that the building's completion was mere months away, even presenting the board with revised timelines and architectural details, but only after a rash of resident complaints that the information wasn't being provided regularly.
Presently, the ‘809 Building's' interior looks like the site of an abandoned construction project, with loose wiring exposed and the only barriers separating the rooms are their metal frames.
“I was shocked to find out how much had not been done with a $1 million investment” said Trustee Michael Rogers, a certified architect and the former Illinois president of the American Institute of Architects.
“[With that kind of money] you can get a lot done. So, [with this recent grant] the Park District should be able to finish that up. It will be great to have that. I parallel that building with the Soldiers Home [on Lake and First Avenue]. Those are both buildings that mean something [historically].”
The building's basic skeleton, however, appears to be in shape. Although it hasn't been done satisfactorily to many people, work has been done on the building.
“All we have to do is put walls in and reconfigure,” said Park District Commissioner and past board president Terrance Jones. “We've got 14 usable spaces of various sizes for all types of activities — Zumba, music classes, tutoring, mentoring, chess.”
That isn't sufficient consolation, though, for Sen. Lightford, who expressed disappointment that, after nearly $1 million invested, the building has yet to be open.
“That was heartbreaking for me,” they said. “To be honest, it was the most devastating thing in my career so far.”
They said that there are several factors, such as stronger oversight measures, that make them confident that the money will be better spent this time around.
“This grant is coming from a different pot of funding,” they said. “There are criteria and an audit system locked into this grant system, whereas the previous grant was administered by DCEO — it was a construction grant. That was dealt with a little differently. Back then, the shortfalls along the way weren't noticed until the very end.”
“I'd love to be part of the implementation of this along the way to make sure we cross every ‘T' and dot every ‘I' and that there's a facility for kids,” Lightford said.
Jones mentioned that the funds will be handled differently, because the personalities and the process will be different this time around. Al McKinnor has since resigned as executive director and replaced first by Enoch Clarke-Bey and then by Lawrence Broughton, who currently holds the position.
“This time there's a brand-new board and this board is going to be fiscally responsible with the dollars,” Jones said. “We have an executive director that's competent. But, even still, this project will not be run through our executive director. We're going to hire qualified people for [different construction-related jobs]. We'll comply with minority and female business aspects of the process.
We're going to make sure we maximize everything. We'll have some input on the quality of materials, who gets hired and who works here. There will be monthly reports given to the board and those should be available to the community in an appropriate amount of time.”
__ MORE AFTER THE AD __
The $1.62 million isn't promised
One major aspect of the grant that went largely unmentioned yesterday is the fact that the $1.62 million is not guaranteed. As part of the grant's requirements, park districts have to match the state's funds with 10 percent of their own money. That means, before the Maywood Park District receives $1.62 million — it has to raise $162,000 of matching funds itself. And it has only two years from the time it signs the documentation to raise the money and have the project completed, according to Commissioner Jones.
When asked how much of that matching fund amount the Park District has raised to date, Jones only said “very little.” The Park District had actually begun a campaign, called '90/10,' to raise matching grants earlier this year. The district formed fundraising committees, solicited expertise from residents, held informational sessions and hosted various fundraisers. However, Jones said that the community didn't seem to respond well to their efforts and the campaign fizzled.
“But this type of event and this type of energy will help bring more dollars for us to make this happen,” Jones said, noting that the district expects to sign papers finalizing the grant in December.
Willie Ash, a Berkeley Public Library trustee, said the library is using state funds to install a roof and a parking lot. They recommended the Park District begin working on engineering and construction plans now.
“It takes a little bureaucracy to go through the [construction] process and get all the stuff together, so you have to start right away. We ran into all kinds of issues,” they said.
While they didn't disclose the district's budget for the building — a statement by Rep. Welch's office pegged the total estimated project cost at $1.8 million — Jones said that the board has accommodated for cost overruns and inflationary effects. They also stressed that, whatever the ultimate costs, the plan would cost less than the grant amount and that it will be under-budget.
“We're going to make some sacrifices and we're going to make sure we adhere to the plan, because as we start seeing things go overboard, we'll start questioning those issues,” they said.
The capital funds for the 809 Building aside, however, there is still a separate discussion to be had about where the money will come from to fund the programming and staff once the building is complete. The $1.62 million can only be used to rehab the 809 building. Before that discussion occurs, however, Jones indicated that the board's focus is on raising funds, finishing the building renovations and opening the doors to the public.
“We'll be working more aggressively now than ever to make that happen,” they said. “There will be no money given until papers are signed and the board is held accountable for everything. We'll be able to start construction as soon as we have the funds, but before you have that you have to have a plan.” VFP
Correction: A previous version of this article had incorrectly listed the address of the 809 W. Madison building. This article has since been revised.
For regular updates, like VFP on Facebook:
Ender Pearl Type Raw materials Renewable Yes Stackable Yes (16) Internal ID JE: 14
BE: 87 Network ID JE: 65 Entity ID ender_pearl First appearances See History Data value dec: 368 hex: 170 bin: 101110000 Name ender_pearl
An ender pearl is a smooth, green item which is used to teleport and make the eye of ender.
Obtaining [ edit ]
Endermen [ edit ]
Endermen drop 0–1 ender pearls when killed.
Natural generation [ edit ]
Ender pearls can be found in 23.3% of stronghold altar chests in stacks of 1.
In Bedrock Edition, they can be found in 22.6% of stronghold altar chests in stacks of 1.
A trapped chest always containing 2 ender pearls can be found in woodland mansions.
Trading [ edit ]
Villager clerics will sell ender pearls for 4–7 emeralds per pearl as one of their tier 3 trades.
Usage [ edit ]
Ender pearls can be thrown by pressing use After it is thrown, the ender Pearl is consumed, and the player character will teleport to where it lands. Using an ender pearl will deal 5 ( ) damage to the user. Wearing armor enchanted with Protection and/or Feather Falling reduces the damage taken from the ender pearl. With enough protection and enough pearls, one could travel a long distance very quickly. Ender pearls function in Creative mode.
Ender pearls can travel about 30 blocks when thrown straight up and about 50 blocks forward when thrown at a 40° angle.
Ender pearls collide with tripwire, cobwebs, vines, grass, dead bushes, ferns, flowers, all sapling types, all mushrooms types, all minecart types, boats, nether portals, and end portals.
Ender pearls which fall into the void do not trigger the player to teleport and will despawn.
Ender pearls have a cooldown of one second before they can be used again. The cooldown is shown by a white overlay on the ender pearl in the hotbar which shrinks before the player is able to use it again.
Ender pearls can be thrown into End gateways to reach the outer islands of the End.
Spawning endermites [ edit ]
Ender pearls have a 5% chance to spawn endermites when thrown.
Crafting ingredient [ edit ]
Data values [ edit ]
Thrown ender pearls have entity data which define various properties of the entity.
Entity data Tags common to all entities see Template:Nbt inherit/entity/template Tags common to all projectiles see Template:Nbt inherit/projectile/template shake : The "shake" when arrows hit a block. owner : The uuid of the entity this projectile was thrown by. L : Thrower UUIDLeast. Used to generate UUID. M : Thrower UUIDMost. Used to generate UUID. Item :‌ [ upcoming: JE 1.14 ] The item to render as, may be absent. Tags common to all items see Template:Nbt inherit/itemnoslot/template
Entity data
Achievements [ edit ]
Icon Achievement In-game description Actual requirements (if different) Availability Xbox points earned Trophy type (PS) Xbox PS Bedrock Nintendo Beam Me Up Teleport over 100 meters from a single throw of an ender pearl Yes Yes 20G Silver
Advancements [ edit ]
Icon Advancement In-game description Parent Actual requirements (if different) Internal ID Remote Getaway Escape the island Free the End Throw an ender pearl through or walk into an End gateway. minecraft:end/enter_end_gateway
Video [ edit ]
Note: The video does not mention the cooldown or how endermites have a chance of spawning when using an ender pearl.
History [ edit ]
Issues [ edit ]
Issues relating to "Ender Pearl" are maintained on the bug tracker. Report issues there.
Trivia [ edit ]
Ender pearls can be used to teleport/move through non-solid blocks by pressing against the blocks and using the ender pearl at the player's feet until the player goes through. [4]
It is possible to spawn a thrown ender pearl using commands, but it does not teleport. This will only display the ender pearl sprite and disappear instantly.
If the player throws an ender pearl and then dies before impact, the pearl disappears and the player is not teleported.
If the player throws an ender pearl in survival mode and changes to creative mode before the pearl lands, the player is still teleported.
The player is teleported if they throw an ender pearl and enter the Nether before it lands. The pearl is not lost if an Ender Pearl is thrown into a nether portal and the player travels through the portal, the pearl will appear and land and teleport the player as if you had just thrown it.
If multiple ender pearls are thrown in succession, the player can only be hurt once from fall damage within about a one second span.
If a player dies from ender pearl teleportation, the death message will say: "<player> hit the ground too hard".
Ender pearls have a small cone of fire; if you throw them straight up, they will not all follow the same path.
Gallery [ edit ]
Ender pearls were formerly found in water, however endermen now teleport out to prevent damage.
Graph about throwing angle relative to Ender Pearl horizontal velocity.
References [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Concision (alternatively brevity , laconicism , terseness , or conciseness ) is the cutting out of unnecessary words while conveying an idea. It aims to enhance communication by eliminating redundancy without omitting important information. Concision has been described as one of the elementary principles of writing. [1] The related concept of succinctness is the opposite of verbosity .
Concision means to be economical with words, expressing what's needed using the fewest words necessary.[2] That may involve removing redundant or unnecessary phrases or replacing them with shorter ones. It is described in The Elements of Style by Strunk and White as follows:[1]
Vigorous writing is concise. A sentence should contain no unnecessary words, a paragraph no unnecessary sentences, for the same reason that a drawing should have no unnecessary lines and a machine no unnecessary parts. This requires not that the writer make all their sentences short, or that they avoid all detail and treat their subjects only in outline, but that every word tell. — Elementary Principles of Composition, The Elements of Style
Concision has also been described as "eliminat[ing] words that take up space without saying much."[3] Simple examples include replacing "due to the fact that [sic]" with "because" or "at this point in time" with "now" or "currently."[4]
An example sentence, with explanation:[3]
Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry had a lot of strict rules for writers on their shows. Some, like the requirement that both female and male officers be called "sir," were thrown out a while ago (Kate Mulgrew, who played Captain Kathryn Janeway, wanted to be called "ma'am"). Now, with forthcoming series Star Trek: Discovery, we're about to see one of Roddenberry's most cherished rules bite the dust.
When Roddenberry first framed their ideas for the Star Trek universe, they wanted to be sure that writers would emphasize the Utopian aspects of future life in the Federation. Some of that Utopianism was hardwired into the show's basic premise, in which money, war, and racial discrimination are things of the distant past. But Roddenberry wasn't satisfied with that—he wanted characters whose behavior was exemplary, too.
So they made a rule, which endured long after their death, that main characters were not allowed to mistreat each other or have conflicts that weren't quickly resolved. Writers for the various series also weren't allowed to show characters being malevolent or cruel. Of course, there were exceptions. Aliens or non-crew members could be as awful as the writers wanted, as could protagonists whose minds were being controlled by outside forces. (This helps explain why our heroes are always being possessed or hopping over to the Mirror Universe.)
After decades of complaints about these constraints from producers, Star Trek: Discovery showrunners Aaron Harberts and Gretchen J. Berg have decided to abandon Utopia for something they consider a little more realistic. On this streaming series, debuting on CBS All Access this September, our protagonists won't always be nice. Their behavior won't be worthy of emulation, and their conflicts will get out of control.
"The thing we're taking from Roddenberry is how we solve those conflicts,” Harberts told Entertainment Weekly. "So we do have our characters in conflict, we do have them struggling with each other, but it's about how they find a solution and work through their problems."
Harberts and Berg are also chucking the "planet/alien/giant space object of the week" format that's long been a staple of Star Trek storytelling. Instead, there will be a seasonal arc, with character-driven plotlines. You can expect something like The Expanse or Battlestar Galactica, in which multiple plots play out over the entire season, rather than self-contained adventures each week.
There's risk in doing this, because one of Star Trek's main lures has always been its relentless optimism even when things go pretty dark (see, for example, Deep Space Nine). Plenty of science fiction franchises already deal in gritty realism, and it's possible that audiences won't take to the idea that Star Trek is now one of them. That said, conflict will always be part of human life. What could be more Utopian than telling stories about people overcoming genuine, entrenched conflict rather than avoiding conflict altogether?
Junior Hoilett scored their first goal since March in Cardiff City's 3-2 win against Huddersfield Town
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock hailed the impact of Junior Hoilett after they scored their first goal for the club in their 3-2 win against Huddersfield.
The 26-year-old Canada international scored the Bluebirds' second goal in the win during a fine performance.
"I'm so glad that nobody snapped them up before I came to Cardiff. He's a super lad and a gem of a boy," Warnock said.
"When you can get a player like that it's very good for the squad because they can change a game in two minutes."
Hoilett previously played under Warnock at Queens Park Rangers and the Cardiff manager is happy to have a familiar face in south Wales.
"It's one of those things that as a manager you're really proud of when you have somebody [Hoilett] like I did at QPR. I brought them in and they did brilliantly for me," Warnock continued.
"By having Junior playing the way they are, it gives Peter Whittingham more time on the ball and we've got other strengths."
After a poor start to the season that saw former manager Paul Trollope sacked, Warnock is looking forward to putting their own mark on the squad in the January transfer window.
Warnock added, "As a manager you do like to take over in the summer so you can plan other areas but in the meantime we've just got to hang in there until January.
"We've got to go with what we've got and try and get the results we can to keep us up there."
The Sheffield Shield is headed for a gripping finale after a dramatic penultimate round opened up a range of possibilities for the final and set up an intriguing last three matches.
Victories to second-placed Queensland against top-of-the-table Victoria, to New South Wales against Tasmania and South Australia against Western Australia means that there are four possible Shield final venues as well five possible participants. The bonus points system introduced last season has helped orchestrate a thrilling denoument to the season.
The Commonwealth Bank Bushrangers, myFootDr Queensland Bulls, NSW Blues and West End Redbacks could all finish top and get the hosting rights for the final. Conversely, if results go against them, each of those teams could just as easily miss the final completely.
The bonus point system means Western Australia are still a mathematical chance of making the final. In fact, the uncapped nature of the batting bonus points means even Tasmania could still theoretically make the grade. The Tigers would simply need to win outright, ensuring they take nine South Australian wickets inside 100 overs in their first bowling innings and score the small matter of at least 1,448 runs in the first 100 overs of their first batting innings. And then hope other results go their way.
By comparison, Western Australia's predicament seems straightforward. The Alcohol.Think Again Western Warriors need to score at least 399 in the first 100 overs of their first innings against Queensland, and take nine Bulls wickets in the first 100 overs of their first bowling innings, restrict Queensland from scoring any bonus points of their own, complete the outright win, and hope Victoria and Tasmania also win. If all that happens, the Warriors could sneak into second spot.
Warriors coach Justin Langer isn't holding out much hope.
"Pretty much the feeling in the camp is it is season over," they said after play at the WACA today.
"Let's be realistic about it. Even if we'd won today, I'm not sure we're singing the team song tonight, even though we'd have a sniff.
"The way we performed this morning, conceding 90 runs in the first hour, it's not good enough to win the Sheffield Shield."
Complicating matters even further is the fact the home grounds of Victoria, New South Wales and South Australia will all be unavailable for the final.
The Bushrangers have nominated Traegar Park, Alice Springs as their alternate venue, C.ex Coffs International Stadium in Coffs Harbour has been approved as the Blues' ground while the Redbacks will host the final at Gliderol Stadium, Glenelg on the outside chance they finish top. The Gabba is available to Queensland should they finish top.
Below, we take a look at the final round of matches, the venues and the possible scenarios for the Shield final.
Sheffield Shield - round ten fixtures (March 15 – 18)
Queensland v Western Australia at the Gabba, Brisbane
South Australia v Tasmania at Gliderol Stadium, Glenelg
Victoria v New South Wales at Traeger Park, Alice Springs
Sheffield Shield final - 26 March - 30 March
1st place v 2nd place (venue TBD)
Possible Sheffield Shield final venues
Traegar Park, Alice Springs
With the redevelopment of the Junction Oval not yet complete and the MCG unavailable, the Bushrangers don't have an alternate ground approved to host first-class cricket in the state of Victoria.
A similar situation last season resulted in the Bushrangers playing a 'home' Shield final in Hobart, where they prevailed over Western Australia.
If they finish top this season, Victoria will travel to Alice Springs to host the final, where they played two matches last year – winning both – and are due to face NSW there next week.
Peter Handscomb, stand-in captain for Victoria's recent Shield game against Queensland, said that while they'd prefer to host the final in their own state, they believe their experience at Traeagar Park will hold them in good stead.
"We'd love our own ground and our own supporters coming to help us," they said last week.
"But we've been to Alice Springs before and we know what it can do there. The local people there are great, they've been awesome for us (in the past).
"We played the Shield final last year in Hobart so we know we can travel and know we can win, so we're pretty confident.
Possible final combinations for Traegar Park:
Victoria v Queensland or New South Wales or South Australia or Western Australia
The Bushrangers control their fate. If they win against NSW in Alice Springs with at least 2.05 bonus points, they'll return to Traegar Park to host the Shield final and could face any of the other teams in the competition (excluding wooden-spooners Tasmania).
If the Vics win with less than 2.05 bonus points, Queensland could overtake them on the ladder but the Bushrangers wouldn't drop any lower than second.
The Gabba, Brisbane
The Gabba has been a happy hunting ground for the Bulls this season.
They've won convincingly in all three of their home games there this year, defeating South Australia by an innings and 14 runs, Tasmania by seven wickets and just yesterday, Victoria by 100 runs.
Queensland played their other home game in Mackay and lost to New South Wales by three wickets.
With 16 wickets and two half-centuries in four hits at the ground, veteran allrounder James Hopes has had an excellent season on their traditional home patch.
And with their upcoming match against WA also being played at the Gabba, Queensland will go into the final round of the Shield season full of confidence.
Possible final combinations for the Gabba:
Queensland v New South Wales or Victoria or South Australia
If Victoria loses, draw or win with less than 2.05 bonus points and Queensland prevail over the Warriors, the Bulls could pinch top spot and host the final in Brisbane. They would most likely face the Blues at the Gabba, but the Bushrangers are also a chance to be the away team, as are the Redbacks if they win and there's a draw in the VIC-NSW game.
C.ex Coffs International Stadium, Coffs Harbour
Coffs Harbour saw first-class cricket for the first time when New South Wales hosted South Australia at C.ex Coffs International Stadium last month.
With the SCG unavailable for the Shield final, the match was somewhat of a trial run for the ground.
Cricket Australia gave its approval for the venue to host the final following the match that saw the Blues record a come-from-behind victory, with Ben Rohrer making a crucial final-innings century.
The game was scheduled on the NSW mid north coast as a tribute to the late Phillip Hughes, who was from nearby Macksville and represented both NSW and South Australia.
Possible final combinations for Coffs Harbour:
New South Wales v Victoria or Queensland or South Australia
NSW need two things to go right for them to host the final. Firstly, they need to defeat Victoria in Alice Springs. Then, they would need Queensland to either lose to or draw with WA, or win with less than 1.47 bonus points.
The Blues' opponent in Coffs could be any of the other current top-four sides.
Gliderol Stadium, Glenelg
With the Adelaide Oval unavailable, South Australia play their final game against Tasmania at Gliderol Stadium where they will also host the final if they manage to grab top spot.
The Redbacks have hosted a number of Shield games at the ground in recent years and India played a tour match against a Cricket Australia XI at the Glenelg ground in 2014.
Possible final combinations for Gliderol Stadium:
South Australia v New South Wales or Queensland or Victoria
The Redbacks are an outside hope of hosting the Shield final. To do it, they'd need to beat Tasmania, and score a huge amount of runs in their first-innings in quick time and hope the other two Shield games are low-scoring draws, or both.
With this Shield season proving to be a topsy-turvy one, you couldn't write it off.
Story highlights A casting director's insight into casting Asian actors in Hollywood is stirring backlash
Twitter is firing back with a new hashtag to raise awareness
(CNN) Social media is not happy about a quote regarding Asian-American actors not being expressive enough.
At the heart of the controversy is a story told by Nancy Wang Yuen, sociologist and author of the book "Reel Inequality: Hollywood Actors and Racism."
In the book, published last year, Yuen quoted an unnamed casting director who provided an explanation behind the challenges of casting Asian actors.
"Asians are a challenge to cast because most casting directors feel as though they're not very expressive," the casting director said. "They're very shut down in their emotions."
The quote showed up in an article published last week by Paste magazine pegged to the lack of choice roles for Asian actors in Hollywood.
Mark Hinsz explores some uncharted opportunities Green Sun's Zenith has in Legacy, pointing out silver bullets and worthy considerations that may help in those sigh-worthy matchups.
It hasn't taken long for Green Sun's Zenith to find its place in Legacy Aggro and Aggro-Control decks. You are sure to find people searching up Noble Hierarch, Tarmogoyf, Knight of the Reliquary and Dryad Arbor in nearly any Legacy tournament. The card has a maindeck home in NO RUG, NO Bant, Zoo, New Horizons, Rock decks, and Elves, to name only a few.
Turn 1 Green Sun's Zenith for zero finding Dryad Arbor has even been a common play in the recent Modern Zoo lists—prompting it to be banned in Modern.
Aside from being both a mana accelerant/fixer and Fatty Finder(TM), the shuffle effect is so synergistic with other Legacy staples like Sensei's Divining Top, Jace, the Mind Sculptor, Brainstorm, and Sylvan Library that it isn't difficult to see why the card is so popular. Even if it gets countered, it probably grew your Tarmogoyf a little by adding a Sorcery to the Graveyard.
The card is nothing but upside.
Yet, with all these positive attributes, I giggle a little when I see decklists with no Green creatures as Zenith targets in the sideboards and no one-of's maindeck. I took some time going through the volumes of Green creatures in Magic's past—finding some Silver Bullets to counter common Legacy lynchpins. It should be noted that these findings can also be used in conjunction with other tutors such as Natural Order, Fauna Shaman, Worldly Tutor, Living Wish, Glittering Wish, Eladamri's Call etc. etc.
I tailored this list towards Natural Order and Zoo decks, leaving most of the Elf cards alone.
OBVIOUS GSZ TARGETS
NOT SO OBVIOUS GSZ TARGETS
#1: Scavenging Ooze If you haven't tried this card out, I strongly urge you to do so. I've been playing 1 maindeck in my Natural Order builds for some time now, and don't plan to go back. When they are on the table, and you have open mana, they control so many things – especially in Aggro-Control mirrors that rely on Tarmogoyf and Knight of the Reliquary to win. This card actively controls their size, and will often win in a straight up fight with either Tarmogoyf or Knight. They take a small amount of work, but is often larger than Tarmogoyf after a turn or so (if you need them to be). Against Zoo and Merfolk, they can gain you the life to turn a race in your favor. Oh, and as a nice side-effect, they are a complete house vs. Reanimator, Life from the Loam, Dredge, and possibly Snapcaster Mage (if that becomes a thing). If you plan on using him, fetch green mana producers whenever possible, as they do get hungry for green. Most of my opponents have to read the card a couple times (especially when I say that I've gained life), but I think this card will become a staple in Green decks. The Ooze already has me thinking of them taking spots away from Tarmogoyf, and I can see that happening more and more if the right metagame appears. #2: Sylvan Safekeeper Olle Rade's invitational card hasn't seen much play in Legacy that I know of. Their effect isn't overly powerful – but they can fill a niche role much like Mother of Runes. At best you can find them with GSZ to blow a couple Knight of the Reliquary past removal in an alpha strike – sacrificing lands to grow the Knights. You can't chain targets on the same knight, so resolve the first Safekeeper ability, then hold priority while saccing lands on other creatures, or Sylvan Safekeeper himself. Often they won't see it coming and by the time GSZ has resolved, their Swords/Paths/Doom Blades are dead. I have been including them in my sideboard for Merfolk and Goblins matchups. In my experience, the Natural Order player is often siding out the Natural Order package (4-5 slots) versus Merfolk, as it can be too slow. The matchup then becomes about two things: Islandwalking, and Submerge. Olle protects you from both. Naive Merfolk Scrubs(TM) will unknowingly swim their fishes into the desert, to be eaten alive by gigantic Lurghoyfs and Knights. Naive Merfolk Scrub (TM) translation: I will sacrifice all my islands when you try to alpha strike me with Islandwalkers. With Olle on the table, you also don't have to fear a Submerged in response to fetchland – or any other time. When facing Goblins, Tarmogoyf is easily their biggest problem, and they need to rely on either a cycled Gempalm Incinerator, or a Stingscourger to get past the blockade. Olle again shuts down both of these outs. I'll also try to raw-dog Sylvan Safekeeper alongside Gaddock Teeg vs. Combo, as they're only going off if they bounce Gaddock Teeg somehow. #3: Scryb Ranger This Faerie plays much the same role as Sylvan Safekeeper. The Protection from Blue ability naturally lends itself as a foil to Merfolk. Bounce a Tropical Island to avoid Islandwalk. Untap a Tarmogoyf to block. Untap a Knight of the Reliquary for additional activations (and block). Untap that Noble Hierarch for the white mana you need for your Swords… etc. etc. The card is tricky, but I would advise a closer look at it, and their flying ability can become much more attractive if you are running equipment. SEE ALSO: Quirion Ranger
SILVER BULLET SIDEBOARD GSZ TARGETS
NARROW CHANCE OF SEEING PLAY (albeit possible) GSZ TARGETS
Loaming Shaman: One-shot graveyard hate in the form of a Green Creature.
Tajuru Preserver: Fights Edict effects, Show and Tell'd Eldrazi, Devastating Dreams.
Riftsweeper: Suspended Ancestral Vision. Bonus: Get back Progenitus after pitching it to Force of Will.
Medicine Runner: when you can't beat Chalice of the Void on one (Qasali Pridemage works too).
Burning-Tree Shaman: Can fight Cephalid Breakfast combo.
Spore Frog: Fog on a frog.
Great Sable Stag: Fights Merfolk and Batterskulls (Germ Tokens).
Kitchen Finks/Rhox War Monk: Lifegain.
Brooding Saurian: anti Shackles, Sower of Temptation.
Until Next Time…
The criteria for Green Sun's Zenith targets in Legacy are pretty restrictive, as Legacy's has such a high standard for quality. The cards need to be cheap and any effects they have must also be powerful or free. For the most part, I didn't consider many creature's with a converted manacost above three as they are essentially too slow for Legacy.
As powerful as Green Sun's Zenith is, there's still plenty of untapped room for it's use. Sure, you can play your eight Tarmogoyfs, fetch mana accelerators, Natural Order fodder and fatties, but don't overlook a spot or two in the sideboard for that bit of spice to turn around a bad or awkward matchup.
– Mark Hinsz
Are you a Quiet Speculation member yet?
Mark Hinsz has been playing Magic sporadically since 1994. They took a long break from Magic throughout college, but has been playing competitively since 2003. They name Legacy as their favorite format, but has a few PTQ and States Top8s to their name - as well as a limited 2-Headed Giant States title. They enjoy taking breaks from their wife and two daughters to fill the family mini-van with degenerate Magic players and travel throughout the Midwest for PTQs, GPs, and SCG Opens. They also maintain that Rootgrapple is a perfectly fine Cube card, even if you don't have Doran, the Siege Tower in play. More Posts
Enjoy what you just read? Share it with the world!
If not, Ravnica Allegiance Pro Tour season is a great time to join up! Our powerful tools, breaking news analysis, and awesome Discord chat room will make sure you stay up-to-date and ahead of the curve.
TUKWILA, Wash. - What was supposed to be a coronation day for one of the greatest women's soccer teams in North American history instead turned into a story of redemption.
FC Kansas City got a pair of goals from Amy Rodriguez off two assists from Lauren Holiday to beat the Seattle Reign 2-1 in the NWSL Championship Game on Sunday in front of 4,252 fans. FCKC, who have quietly been the 2-year-old league's most consistent team, clinically finished their chances while a Reign team that had dominated the league all season struggled to find the final touch.
The NWSL championship gives KC their first piece of silverware, redemption for an inaugural season in which they lost out on the NWSL Shield on a tiebreaker and blew a 2-0 lead at home in the semifinals. KC had also posted the second-best regular season record this season.
As they had in compiling a 16-2-6 record, the Reign dominated possession throughout and looked the far better side for the first 20 minutes, as KC struggled to get out of their own end.
But the first real chance from either side came in the 21st minute when Jenna Richmond got a good look from inside the penalty area after a series of poor Reign clearances. Them shot caromed off the post, though, seemingly allowing the Reign to escape danger.
About a minute later, though, Holiday got the ball on the break and put Rodriguez through on goal with only Reign goalkeeper Hope Solo to beat. Although Elli Reed was nearly able to close down from behind, Rodriguez chipped their shot over the on-rushing Solo for a 1-0 lead.
That seemed to wake the Reign up, who suddenly got far more direct. Jess Fishlock put Kim Little in on Nicole Barnhart with a ball over the top, but the FCKC goalkeeper was able to make an acrobatic kick save on the tight-angled shot to the near post.
The Reign continued to press and Little appeared to have set up the equalizer in the 30th minute. After making a nice run to generate an open look down the sideline, Little put in a perfect cross to Nahomi Kawasumi, who was unmarked in front of goal. But Kawasumi's header somehow skimmed wide of the net.
The second half saw KC come out in an even more defensive setup, which seemed to frustrate the Reign attack. The Reign's best look at an equalizer was when Kawasumi somehow got their foot to a ball at the far post from a Megan Rapinoe cross, but Barnhart was there to make the save.
As much as KC may have lacked the ball, they still managed to grab a 2-0 lead off an absolutely amazing bit of individual play from Holiday. After collecting the ball at the edge of the penalty area, Holiday fought off and dribbled around at least three Reign defenders before putting the ball back across the goal where Rodriguez finished it with a sliding effort inside the far post.
With KC showing virtually no interest in building that lead, the Reign attacked relentlessly over the final 30-odd minutes. But it wasn't until the 84th minute when real chances started to come. That's when Rapinoe had a shot deflected off the post and then three minutes later Mariah Nogueira's header went off the crossbar. Following a scramble, Rapinoe finally got the Reign on the scoreboard when their shot through traffic found the back of the net.
That started off a wild finish in which the Reign threw numbers forward. Keelin Winters had a good look from the top of the penalty area, but their shot was blocked in the 88th minute. Fishlock and Rapinoe had even better looks in stoppage time, but both of them sent open looks from about 12 yards wide.
A pro-life advocacy group has released a hidden camera video that they purport shows a high-ranking Planned Parenthood executive frankly discussing the sale of aborted fetus parts. The Center for Medical Progress launched a three-year investigation of the practice by hiring actors to pretend to be buyers from a human biologics company. The new video supposedly features undercover actors have a conversation with Planned Parenthood's Senior Director of Medical Services Deborah Nucatola at a restaurant about the possibly of obtaining aborted fetus organs.
Here we go again Planned Parenthood released a statement blasting the "heavily edited, secretly recorded videotape that falsely portrays Planned Parenthood's participation in tissue donation programs that support lifesaving scientific research." Which is all very much true. Snopes points out that "[i]t's unclear why the video was held for over a year before it was released, and it has some curious aspects to it." That includes the fact that the "organization's Twitter and Facebook accounts are both only a few months old, and the only videos found on the group's YouTube page are the two shown above, even though the organization has supposedly been engaged in a three-year long investigation." Snopes also reports that the "leader" of CMP is a guy named David Daleiden, who doesn't have much of a web presence but who is a conservative pariah Chuck Johnson described as a friend of James O'Keefe, the king of "undercover" exposes using heavily edited footage. Of course.
The full transcript of the video, which was released by CMP, clearly shows Nucatola explaining how patients are not coerced but are informed about the option of donating tissue and also making it very clear that there is not a profit motive for Planned Parenthood. They clearly say Planned Parenthood "affiliates are not looking to make money by doing this. They're looking to serve their patients. […]" The statement issued by Planned Parenthood clarifies that affiliates can be reimbursed for "additional expenses related [to] tissue donation, which can vary based on individual circumstance," but that money does not go to staff or doctors.
But the dubious nature of this story hasn't stopped Republican presidential hopefuls from jumping on the story. "Libertarian" Rand Paul (whose definition of liberty stops dead at lady parts) says "[i]t's time for pro-lifers to take a stand. It's time to defund Planned Parenthood." Ted Cruz is demanding a congressional investigation. Rick Perry touts their long fight to defund Planned Parenthood in Texas, Scott Walker jumps on the defund bandwagon and Carly Fiorina spouts about "profiting on the death of the unborn" on Facebook. Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal ordered an investigation, even though there's no indication that Louisiana had anything to do with anything. However, the "investigation means the $4 million Planned Parenthood clinic planned for New Orleans will not be able to open because Jindal's order includes suspending the issuance of new licenses by DHH." How convenient for a would-be Republican presidential nominee who needs to stand out from the rest with the social conservatives.
Nineties indie rock was the sound of '80s hardcore kids growing up. And for many get-in-the-van vets, it was a transition that necessitated a clean-slate reboot, whether it was Lou Barlow channeling Dinosaur Jr.'s roar into Sebadoh's trembling whispers, Jon Spencer reshaping Pussy Galore's skronk into the Blues Explosion's funk, or Davids Yow and Sims harnessing Scratch Acid's strangulated squeals into the Jesus Lizard's militaristic might. But for Yo La Tengo co-founders/cohabitants Ira Kaplan and Georgia Hubley, the ascent to the Amerindie frontlines was a more gradual, unceremonious process, one that involved downsizing their band from a quartet to a trio, jumping from label to label, and a chronic inability to hold onto a bassist for more than one album at a time. Where they began as a prototypical college-rock outfit in the Velvets-via-Feelies mould (with an unabashed soft spot for '60s-pop covers), Yo La Tengo would go on to define '90s indie—and its evermore sophisticated post-millenial permutations—not by refining their sound, but by blowing it wide open. Painful was the moment of detonation.
The importance of Painful to the Yo La Tengo narrative can be gauged as such: This year marks the band's 30th anniversary, and they're celebrating it by reissuing their sixth album, released nearly a decade into their career. Painful marked a couple of significant firsts for Yo La Tengo: it was their first album made with eventual long-time producer Roger Moutenot, and their first to be issued through Matador Records, whose post-Pavement popularity (and resultant Atlantic Records parternship) afforded the band their widest distribution yet. And though Painful was actually the second Yo La Tengo album to feature bassist James McNew, it was the first to fully enmesh their sensibilities with Kaplan and Hubley's, shirking the typical new-guy/third-wheel dynamic for a more polyamorous professional relationship that continues to this day.
As recently as 1992's May I Sing With Me (McNew's debut with the band), Yo La Tengo albums tended to slide back and forth between narcotic noise-pop and hushed folky balladry, producing music that was unerringly charming and consistent if not exactly transcendental. But with the introductory organ hum of the prophetically titled "Big Day Coming", Yo La Tengo's musical universe instantly turned three-dimensional, projecting a vastness their previous records never really approached; by the time they kick into the dizzying tremoloed groove of the following "From a Motel 6", you can already hear their hearts beating as one. Remarkably, Painful thoroughly expanded Yo La Tengo's sound by emphasizing two basic ingredients: a little shaker here, and a lot of Ace Tone there (a development so notable, it even earns its own celebratory rock-out in "Sudden Organ"). But taken together, they temper the band's once-scrappy vigor into hypnotic motorik motions and droning reverberations, while casting Hubley's plainspoken vocals in a dreamy haze, and inspiring Kaplan to drop the bratty insolence of old for a more congenially conversational drawl.
The cardigan-cozy sound of the record effectively established Yo La Tengo as indie rock's great romantics. Though musical-cum-matrimonial partnerships weren't exactly a novelty at the time (see: Kim Gordon and Thurston Moore, Neil Hagerty and Jennifer Herrema, Jon Spencer and Cristina Martinez), Kaplan and Hubley were the rare pair to use their songs to openly address matters of the heart. But while Kaplan and Hubley's exchanges on Painful can resemble scenes from a marriage, it's not necessarily their own; rather, a hazy-headed ballad like "Nowhere Near" conveys both an intimacy and non-specificity that make it applicable to any long-distance relationship spent waiting for the phone to ring. And the album's most tender moment—with Kaplan crooning "baby, I'm in love with you" like a lonesome doo-wop singer abandoned by their crew on some moonlit corner—comes through a to-die-for cover of UK power-popsters the Only Ones' "The Whole of the Law" (yet another sterling example of Yo La Tengo acting out their record collection). Even Painful's most blown-out moments are infused with an unspeakable tenderness—Yo La Tengo were no strangers to extended, feedback-screeching jams at this point, but never before had they pulled one off that could actually make you weep ("I Heard You Looking").
What makes Painful so eminently approachable after all these years is that it manages to sound like a fully realized, band-defining statement yet unpretentiously off-the-cuff at the same time. It's a feeling reinforced by the overflow of material available on this reissue, appropriately retitled Extra Painful on account of its enlarged 2xCD girth (not to mention an additional album's worth of download-only odds and ends even more revelatory than the bonus disc proper). More so than any other band in recent memory, Yo La Tengo's body of work hinges on the notion that no song is ever a completely finished, end-state product; what we hear on any given album is seemingly a function of what mood they were in the day it was recorded, what the weather was like on the day of mixing, or how much studio time was left before the budget was blown. There is no such thing as a permanent record; songs have many lives before they're officially documented and continue to evolve long thereafter.
It's a concept that Yo La Tengo had hinted at before with the two oppositional treatments of "The Evil That Men Do" on 1989's President Yo La Tengo and the double, duelling dose of "Upside-Down" on the 1992 EP of the same name. Painful continued the conversation with dramatically different versions of Kaplan's "Big Day Coming"—the gauzy, weightless opener and the penultimate, fuzzed-out chugger—but Extra Painful ups the ante with three more wildly varying live mutations: a laid-back acoustic take sung by Hubley, a revved-up rendition that's almost twice as fast as the second Painful one, and a mammoth 19-minute distention that fills in the canyon-like divide between Yo La's soothing/squalling extremes. Likewise, a percussion- and fuzz-free CBGB performance of "Double Dare" foregrounds the pent-up longing that gets washed over by the original's shoegazey drive, while an Ace Tone-free demo of the same underscores just how important the organ was in achieving it. And it speaks volumes about Painful's superior quality—and the band's surging creative energies at the time—that the steely, Stooges-inspired stomper "Shaker" could be earmarked for a non-album single, while the spectacular slow-dissolve ballad "Slow Learner" would be shelved altogether.
From this point on, Yo La Tengo could no longer be described as mere Velvet Underground wannabes (unless, of course, they were playing them in a movie), and within just a few years, you'd be hard-pressed to even call them a rock band anymore. But then, such a free-ranging future seemed almost predestined when, after a decade of playing the rock'n'roll classicist, Kaplan opened up Painful by declaring, "let's be undecided." As Yo La Tengo's post-Painful path would prove, indecision has never sounded so assured.
KFC decided to break out from its identity as a food chain and redefine ‘Finger Lickin' Good' with its latest offering: edible nail polish.
The chicken chain announced it will release two flavors/colors of the nail polish — in Original and Hot & Spicy — as a promotion in KFC Hong Kong, AdWeek reports. Though this does seem hard to believe, as there should not be demand for nail polish that tastes like chicken, there is no indication that this is a prank.
“Yes, it is actually a real thing,” Anna Mugglestone of advertising agency Ogilvy & Mather Group in Hong Kong, told the New York Times.
Ogilvy & Mather reportedly developed the edible polishes from natural ingredients with McCormack, the chain's secret spice source. KFC explained in a statement that to use the product, “consumers simply apply and dry like regular nail polish, and then lick—again and again and again.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
People in Hong Kong can try the two types out and vote on which flavor goes into mass production. For what it's worth, Hot & Spicy comes in a bolder, somewhat bright persimmon color, and the Original is a bit more understated in a neutral, light flesh color (almost chicken flesh-color, which is an uncomfortable thought). Both have sparkles. Fashion publishers have begun to report on the news.
KFC has released the above music video celebrating the breakthrough in chicken technology, in which one person displays their nails while dancing, and another licks theirs in shots when they are not solving a rubix cube.
[AdWeek]
Write to Julia Zorthian at julia.zorthian@time.com.
GENEVA — The death toll from three years of Syria's civil war has risen to more than 191,000 people, the U.N. reported Friday. The figure, covering March 2011 to April 2014, is the first issued by the U.N.'s human rights office since July 2013, when it documented more than 100,000 killed.
BRUTAL CONFLICT: The high death toll is a reflection of the brutality of Syria's conflict, which has turned into a complex, multilayered war. It also reflects the recent surge in deadly attacks by the al-Qaeda-breakaway Islamic State group targeting rival militant groups, mainstream Western-backed Syrian rebels and Kurdish militiamen in northern Syria.
UNDERSTATED NUMBERS? The exact figure of confirmed deaths is 191,369, said Navi Pillay, the U.N.'s top human rights official. “Tragically, it is probably an underestimate of the real total number of people killed during the first three years of this murderous conflict,” they said.
THE VICTIMS: Men made up 85 percent of the victims, women more than 9 percent, while the sex was unknown in the remaining cases. Records show at least 8,800 child victims, but the age of most is unknown.
The Associated Press
With the price of oil plunging to 13-year lows, oil well drilling has declined in Saskatchewan, with 43 active drilling rigs in the province at the beginning of this week, down about 27 per cent from the 59 active rigs this time last year, according to the Canadian Association of Oilwell Drilling Contractors (COADC).
This week's active rig count is actually an improvement from earlier in the month, when the number of active rigs was 25 the week of Jan. 4, which increased to 34 the week of Jan. 11, CAODC said. That compares with 43 active rigs the week of Jan. 5, 2015, followed by 68 the week of Jan. 12, 2015. That equates to a 42 per cent and 50 per cent decline in active drilling rigs during the comparable periods last year.
“When you look at the (2016) numbers, you're technically growing,” said Kate Jackson, communications specialist with CAODC in Calgary. “There's more active rigs (this week) than weeks past. But if you compare it to the same week in 2015,” the number of active rigs is down significantly from last year, they said.
“It looks like Saskatchewan (active) rig count is dropping about 20 rigs every year,” Jackson added.
In fact, the total number of drilling rigs in Saskatchewan, including ‘down' or inactive rigs, was 122 this week, for a rig utilization rate of 35 per cent, CAODC said. The average total weekly rig count for 2016 is 120 compared with 140 during the same period in 2015. “So that means that 20 rigs have left the province as well, whether they're de-listed, parked and not coming back into service this year or moved to Alberta for work or parked in field locations here,” Jackson said.
However, Saskatchewan's utilization rate of 35 per cent is better than the industry average of 29 per cent, which includes Alberta's utilization rate of 25 per cent. Alberta had 133 active rigs this week, 390 down rigs, for a total of 523 rigs.
B.C. had 32 active rigs and 49 inactive for a total of 81 drilling rigs or a utilization rate of 40 per cent, while Manitoba had only six active rigs this week, 12 down, for a total of 18 or a utilization rate of 33 per cent.
CAODC defines an active drilling rig as “spud to rig release,” which means “the drill bit is in the ground,” Jackson said.
Of course, with the decline in drilling activity, the number of jobs in the oilpatch declines accordingly. “Every rig employs 135 direct and indirect jobs,” including 20 direct jobs and 115 indirectly, Jackson said. “So 20 rigs times 135 jobs does make a difference.”
ReDeads are recurring enemies in The Legend of Zelda series.[1] They are tall, zombie-like monsters. While their appearance changes from game to game, their behavior has remained relatively the same - namely their tactic of staying in place and using a petrifying gaze to freeze nearby intruders in their tracks. While their prey is stunned, they will walk over and attack. ReDeads are typically common to the 3D console Zelda games, but have also appeared in the 2D-styled game, Tri Force Heroes.
ReDeads share many similarities with Gibdos, which also behave identically in the 3D console games.
Characteristics
Ocarina of Time
Navi's Comment ReDead ReDead Its gaze will paralyze you. If it bites you, tap any button to escape!
ReDead artwork from Ocarina of Time
In Ocarina of Time, ReDeads are brown and wear wooden masks. They usually appear in small groups or sometimes alone in dead or ruinous places, such as tombs or dungeons, and make their presence known with periodic, low-pitched moans. ReDeads are encountered the earliest inside the Royal Family's Tomb, where they gather in a chamber leading to the room where Link learns the Sun's Song. They can later be found in Castle Town's ruined marketplace, presumbly as the town's deceased residents, and at the Bottom of the Well and inside the Shadow Temple.
ReDeads can either be found idly standing slightly hunched over or sitting crouched down in the fetal position, until Link approaches, at which they will rise and slowly shuffle towards him. When Link is within their range, they will paralyze them with a bone-chilling gaze, jump onto their back if close enough, and gradually drain their health by squeezing him. Link will then have to struggle free with a series of A and B-Button presses. Once released from their hold, Link can either strike back with the Sword or run away to attack from a safer distance. ReDeads, however, have a flaw in that they are blind. Link can walk by slowly or with the Iron Boots equipped to pass by unnoticed. If Link takes out or puts away any weapon, or runs near them, they will hear them and attempt to paralyze them with their vivid gaze. Interestingly, Link cannot become paralyzed in areas with a fixed camera position, namely Castle Town's market, possibly because of the way the camera usually zooms in when the monsters use it's gaze attack.
ReDeads are quite slow, both in motion and recovering from an attack, making them fairly easy to slay, particularly if Link can get behind them. When a ReDead is slain, any other ReDeads in the area will walk towards and crouch beside the fallen ReDead until its body fades away, ignoring Link and making killing the whole group easier. This behavior is never explained in the game, although plausible explanations could be that they are mourning its death or even consuming its corpse.
ReDeads in Ocarina of Time are quite susceptible to the Sun's Song, which will paralyze them for a short while when played. They are also weak to fire-based attacks, such as Din's Fire or the Fire Arrows.
Majora's Mask
Tatl's Comment ReDead ReDead... If it catches you in its paralyzing glare, you won't be able to move. Shake it off if you get caught!
In Majora's Mask, ReDeads appear mostly the same as in Ocarina of Time, although with several differences, particularly in their behavior and weaknesses. While ReDeads will continue to utilize a paralyzing gaze and slowly approach Link when they come close, if Link wears the Garo's Mask, Gibdo Mask, or the Captain's Hat, the ReDeads will inexplicably dance and ignore Link. A Gossip Stone offers a possible explanation of this peculiarity by stating that the ReDeads of Ikana Castle were once a troupe of performers.[2] While wearing any one of these masks, Link can freely attack the ReDeads without any threat of harm, so long as they do not take off the mask.
ReDeads in Majora's Mask are weak to beams of light reflected off of the Mirror Shield, which will kill them instantly. They also retain their weakness to fire, and can be defeated with the Fire Arrows.
Gibdos can have their bandages burned away to reveal a ReDead underneath.
The Wind Waker
Tingle's Comment ReDead Eeek! A ReDead!
So scary! Poor Tingle is closing their eyes! (After obtaining the Mirror Shield) It's a ReDead!
Scary! Tingle's eyes are closed now. Sorry!
In The Wind Waker, ReDeads appear significantly different as turquoise, skeletal beings with earrings. They mainly appear in the Earth Temple, as well as in the Ghost Ship, the Savage Labyrinth, Ganon's Tower, and unusually in the sewer tunnels of the Private Oasis.[3] Their method of attack is the same as their earlier incarnations, often hiding in coffins and leaping out when Link gets too close. Instead of draining their life, they will bite down and deal only one Heart-worth of damage before releasing him, but will quickly try to attack again. Unlike those of Ocarina of Time and Majora's Mask, these ReDeads do not appear to be blind, as they will look up at Link whenever they move close to them; in fact, while their eyes are initially black and lifeless, they glow red to signify their gaze attack and advance upon their target. They cannot be fooled by walking slowly, and will always attack once Link comes within range.
As in Majora's Mask, they are weak to light, however this will not kill them but briefly stun them. Link can use the Mirror Shield to reflect light onto them, allowing them to quickly attack before they become mobile again.
ReDead (Figurine from The Wind Waker)
ReDead Habitat: Earth Temple
Least Favorite Thing: Mirror Shield
These undead creatures live only in the darkest depths of the earth. Their icy cold gazes paralyze their victims with fear. Try to attack them from behind.
Tri Force Heroes
In Tri Force Heroes, ReDeads[4] appear in the Lone Labyrinth and Grim Temple of The Ruins. They appear and behave slightly differently from their past incarnations, as their clay-like bodies are partially melted to the ground, which somewhat resembles Dead Hand, but become fully bodied when stunned. They also wear bright, blue masks. They are able to dissolve their bodies into a puddle to quickly move around the area. When one of the Links draws near, they emit a petrifying cry, which travels in a shock wave radius. Any of the Links caught in this shock wave will become petrified to the ReDead's scream. The monster will then approach the nearest Link and proceed to grab and repeatedly bite him, which will drain the Links' shared health. The other Links can come to their teammate's rescue by attacking the ReDead, which will free the trapped Link.
Under most circumstances, ReDeads can only be attacked once they are stunned by an item, such as the Gust Jar or the Gripshot. This allows the Links to attack them during this brief period. They can also be attacked from afar with the Fire Gloves.
Other Appearances
Non-Canon Information hide show
Nomenclature
Names in Other Regions Language Name Meaning Japanese リーデッド (Rīdeddo) ( MM3D )
リーデット (Rīdetto) ( OoT | OoT3D ) ReDead Chinese SI 死亡僵尸 (Sǐwáng Jiāngshī) Dead zombie French Effroi
ReMort Terror
ReDead French CA Remort ( OoT3D | MM3D ) Redead German Zombie
Remort Zombie
Redead Italian Zombie Zombie Spanish Redead Redead Spanish LA ReDead ( OoT3D )
Redead ( MM3D ) ReDead
Redead
Gallery
ReDead from Ocarina of Time
ReDead from Ocarina of Time 3D
ReDead attacking Link in Ocarina of Time
ReDeads huddled together in Master Quest
ReDead from Majora's Mask
Dancing ReDead from Majora's Mask
Dancing ReDeads manipulated by the Captain's Hat in Majora's Mask
Burning a Gibdo's bandages and revealing a ReDead in Majora's Mask
See Also
References
Five Christian pastors will no longer have to turn their sermons over to attorneys for the city of Houston. Instead, they will be forced to turn over their speeches related to the Houston Equal Rights Ordinance (HERO).
I don't mean to point out the obvious here – but what do those attorneys think a sermon is? It's a speech.
According to an amended motion filed Friday in Harris County, Texas court, the city's attorneys will no longer demand sermons related to homosexuals, gender identity, or Mayor Annise Parker – Houston's first openly lesbian mayor.
The amended subpoenas do require the pastors to turn over “all speeches or presentations related to HERO” – along with 17 different categories of information.
[pullquote]
The Alliance Defending Freedom is a religious liberty law firm that is representing the pastors. Attorney Erik Stanley tells me the amended subpoenas don't solve anything.
“The city of Houston still doesn't get it,” they said. “The subpoenas still ask for information that encompasses speeches made by the pastors and private communications with their church members.”
Stanley said the only resolution is for the city to rescind the subpoenas entirely.
“This tramples their First Amendment rights to free speech and the free exercise of religion,” Stanley said. “Any inquiry into what these pastors did in standing against the ordinance passed by the city of Houston and encouraging members to sign the petition is a violation of the First Amendment.”
CLICK HERE TO JOIN TODD ON FACEBOOKFOR CONSERVATIVE CONVERSATION!
The subpoenas were issued in a response to a lawsuit filed related to HERO, also known as the “Bathroom Bill.” Religious groups were opposed to a provision of the law that would allow men who identify as women to use the restrooms of their choice.
The city's attorney said the pastors were subpoenaed because they were helping to lead opposition to the Bathroom Bill.
According to the Houston Chronicle, Mayor Parker said on Friday, "We don't need to intrude on matters of faith to have equal rights in Houston, and it was never the intention of the city of Houston to intrude on any matters of faith or to get between a pastor and their parishioners."
Folks, that's a load of grade A fertilizer.
"We don't want their sermons, we want the instructions on the petition process. That's always what we wanted and, again, they knew that's what we wanted because that's the subject of the lawsuit," they said.
There's just one problem, Madam Mayor, the pastors aren't party to the lawsuit. And if you weren't looking for their sermons, why did you put that in the subpoena.
The amended subpoenas are not likely to quell growing national outrage over what many are calling an all-out assault on religious liberty.
Sen. Ted Cruz forcefully denounced the city's actions during a Thursday rally in support of the pastors in Houston.
“Caesar has no jurisdiction over the pulpit,” Cruz said to a cheering crowd of pastors and supporters. “When you subpoena one pastor, you subpoena every pastor.”
Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott issued a blistering letter to the city attorney Wednesday night – demanding they immediately rescind the subpoenas.
They called the subpoenas “aggressive and invasive” and said they show “no regard for the very serious First Amendment considerations at stake.”
“Whether you intend it to be so or not, your action is a direct assault on the religious liberty guaranteed by the First Amendment,” Abbott wrote.
Also on Wednesday, Mayor Parker issued a defiant statement on Twitter – justifying the city's attack on the ministers.
“If the 5 pastors used pulpits for politics, their sermons are fair game,” Parker tweeted.
Stanley said the mayor's tweet revealed the city's true intent.
“I think the mayor's comment unmasks what the city is really after,” they said. “The city views these pastors and the communications they make with their members, their sermons, and their speeches as fair game.”
They said it was nothing more than a “strong-arm intimidation tactic to silence these pastors.”
“They are sending a message that you better not go up against City Hall on these issues,” Stanley added.
Family Research Council President Tony Perkins had a strong reaction to the city of Houston's latest move. They told me Friday, "this head-fake might fool some, but the reality is, Mayor Parker didn't need a subpoena to access those sermons in the first place. "They were already public," they said.
"In this ‘new' filing, the mayor still insists on seeing private emails, texts, and other communications related to the mayor's office and the city's Bathroom Bill.' While two words – ‘or sermons' – are dropped from the ‘revised' subpoena, the government intrusion into private religious affairs remains. The ‘revised' subpoena is a difference without a distinction."
Alliance Defending Freedom said they will move forward with a request to quash the subpoenas. Regardless of the outcome, the pastors will not turn over any documents to the city.
As Senator Cruz so eloquently said, Caesar has no jurisdiction over the pulpit.
A Dallas jury ordered JPMorgan Chase to pay more than $4 billion in damages for mishandling the estate of a former American Airlines executive.
Jo Hopper and two stepchildren won a probate court verdict over claims that JPMorgan mismanaged the administration of the estate of Max Hopper, who was described as an airline technology innovator by the family's law firm. The bank, which was hired by the family in 2010 to independently administer the estate of Hopper, was found in breach of its fiduciary duties and contract. In total, JP Morgan Chase was ordered to pay at least $4 billion in punitive damages, approximately $4.7 million in actual damages, and $5 million in attorney fees.
The six-person jury, which deliberated a little more than four hours starting Monday night and returned its verdict at approximately 12:15 a.m. Tuesday, found that the bank committed fraud, breached its fiduciary duty and broke a fee agreement, according to court papers.
"The nation's largest bank horribly mistreated me and this verdict provides protection to others from being mistreated by banks that think they're too powerful to be held accountable," said Hopper in a statement. "The country's largest bank, people we are supposed to trust with our livelihood, abused my family and me out of sheer ineptitude and greed. I'm blessed that I have the resources to hold JP Morgan accountable so other widows who don't have the same resources will be better protected in the future."
"Surviving stage 4 lymphoma cancer was easier than dealing with this bank and its estate administration," Mrs. Hopper added.
Max Hopper, who pioneered the SABRE reservation system for the airline, died in 2010 with assets of more than $19 million but without a will and testament, according to the statement. JPMorgan was hired as an administrator to divvy up the assets among family members. “Instead of independently and impartially collecting and dividing the estate's assets, the bank took years to release basic interests in art, home furnishings, jewelry, and notably, Mr. Hopper's collection of 6,700 golf putters and 900 bottles of wine,” the family's lawyers said in the statement. “Some of the interests in the assets were not released for more than five years.”
The bank's incompetence caused more than just unacceptably long timelines; bank representatives failed to meet financial deadlines for the assets under their control. In at least one instance, stock options were allowed to expire. In others, Mrs. Hopper's wishes to sell certain stock were ignored. The resulting losses, the jury found, resulted in actual damages and mental anguish suffered by Mrs. Hopper. With respect to Mr. Hopper's adult children, the jury found that they lost potential inheritance in excess of $3 million when the Bank chose to pay its lawyers' legal fees out of the estate account to defend claims against the Bank for violating its fiduciary duty.
Confirming that much of America does not hold Wall Street in high regard, the court's verdict form showed that jurors awarded $8 billion in punitive damages against the bank. Alan Loewinsohn, attorney for Jo Hopper, said in an interview there may be duplication of some of the damage findings. They asked the jury to take into account the bank's worth and asked them for $2 billion in punitive damages. “I believe they used that figure for the other parties in the case as well,” they said.
As a result, they said, the punitive damage award could end up being “somewhere between $4 billion and $8 billion.” The verdict form also shows jurors were advised to consider factors including “the net worth of JPMorgan.” JPM has a market cap of about $330 billion.
At the lower end of that range, the jury's award would erase almost two-thirds of the $6.6 billion profit that JPMorgan generated globally during the second quarter. According to Bloomberg, it would rank high among the largest sanctions ever levied against the bank - somewhere between the $2.6 billion it agreed to pay in 2014 for allegedly failing to stop Bernard Madoff's Ponzi scheme, and a $13 billion settlement it reached with government authorities in 2013 for its handling of mortgage bonds that fueled the financial crisis.
"Mrs. Hopper asked the jury to send a message loud enough for JP Morgan to hear it all the way to Park Avenue in Manhattan," said Loewinsohn, "Hopefully, that message has been received."
Probably not: sadly for widow Hopper, they are unlikely to see the full award: large punitive damages verdicts like the one in the Hopper case are often scaled back because the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled they can't be disproportionate to actual damages. In this case, the jury awarded less than $5 million in actual damages.
The bank said it acted in a professional manner and in good faith on Hopper's estate and is “highly confident” the jury verdict won't stand under Texas law.
“Clearly the award far exceeds any possible interpretation of Texas tort reform statutes,” Andrew Gray, a spokesperson for the bank, said in an emailed statement. “There has been no judgment entered by the court based on this verdict.”
It looks like A$AP Ferg has more music on the way. During a trip to Cannes on Saturday, the Harlem rapper went to their Snapchat account (Devoni143) to announce a new project titled Still Striving. Though Ferg kept the project's details to a minimum, they did say it will release in the near future.
"By the way, I'm dropping a new project very soon. It's gonna to be called Still Striving," they said in the Snapchat video. "Look out for it."
Image via Pigeons & Planes
So what can fans expect? Will this be another album, or will it be a mixtape? Considering Ferg released their second full length album, Always Strive and Prosper, only a few months ago, many assume this project will be the latter. But it's anyone's guess right now.
Critics praised Ferg for sharpening their lyricism on Always Strive and Prosper, which included big-name features such as ScHoolboy Q, Chuck D, Missy Elliott, Big Sean, and Future. So, it's a safe bet that Still Striving will deliver more great guest artists and even more heat. After all, he's evolved from the Trap Lord to the man of the people.
Keep it locked to Complex as more information about the project rolls out.
Simmering tension between Donald J. Trump and the television networks that cover them entered an extraordinary new phase on Friday, as a consortium of news executives refused to participate in a media session with Mr. Trump after their aides barred a producer from attending.
In a quickly arranged conference call, the network bureau chiefs who oversee the pooled television coverage of Mr. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, agreed to forgo coverage of a tour of their new luxury hotel in Washington, declining the access because the Trump campaign would allow in only a cameraman, and not a reporter or producer who could ask questions of the candidate.
It was an unusual show of solidarity by a television news industry that has profited handsomely from Mr. Trump's success, even as its journalists have been routinely taunted and confounded by a candidate with a penchant for lies and bullying.
But Friday also brought perhaps the news media's most ignominious moment yet.
Mr. Trump extracted nearly an hour of uninterrupted airtime from the cable news networks to promote their hotel, after promising a major revelation and a news conference about their views on President Obama's birthplace. In a break from typical practice, the networks televised the speeches of supporters who were introducing Mr. Trump, a privilege rarely granted during appearances by the Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton.
SYDNEY (Reuters Life!) - Living happily ever after needn't only be for fairy tales. Australian researchers have identified what it takes to keep a couple together, and it's a lot more than just being in love.
Swiss groom Yann Deleurant puts a wedding ring on their bride Patrizia during their wedding ceremony in the traditional City Hall in Lucerne August 8, 2008. REUTERS/Michael Buholzer
A couple's age, previous relationships and even whether they smoke or not are factors that influence whether their marriage is going to last, according to a study by researchers from the Australian National University.
The study, entitled “What's Love Got to Do With It,” tracked nearly 2,500 couples — married or living together — from 2001 to 2007 to identify factors associated with those who remained together compared with those who divorced or separated.
It found that a husband who is nine or more years older than their wife is twice as likely to get divorced, as are husbands who get married before they turn 25.
Children also influence the longevity of a marriage or relationship, with one-fifth of couples who have kids before marriage — either from a previous relationship or in the same relationship — having separated compared to just nine percent of couples without children born before marriage.
Women who want children much more than their partners are also more likely to get a divorce.
A couple's parents also have a role to play in their own relationship, with the study showing some 16 percent of men and women whose parents ever separated or divorced experienced marital separation themselves compared to 10 percent for those whose parents did not separate.
Also, partners who are on their second or third marriage are 90 percent more likely to separate than spouses who are both in their first marriage.
Not surprisingly, money also plays a role, with up to 16 percent of respondents who indicated they were poor or where the husband — not the wife — was unemployed saying they had separated, compared with only nine percent of couples with healthy finances.
And couples where one partner, and not the other, smokes are also more likely to have a relationship that ends in failure.
Factors found to not significantly affect separation risk included the number and age of children born to a married couple, the wife's employment status and the number of years the couple had been employed.
The study was jointly written by Dr Rebecca Kippen and Professor Bruce Chapman from The Australian National University, and Dr Peng Yu from the Department of Families, Housing, Community Services and Indigenous Affairs.
Not all people can afford to live with a partner due to both material and emotional reasons. Some of us have careers that require intense attention and a large portion of the time. Surely there are those who have found their significant others who can tolerate such a busy lifestyle, but there are also others who are desperate and find their sexual life unfulfilled.
Here, we will discuss how to be a self-sufficient person and sexually satisfied at the same time. No taboos in sexual conducts are too embarrassing to talk about unless they violate the law.
Video Live Sex
Porn industry today has performers who are willing to get in touch “in person” to their fans. They use either live video or virtual reality platforms to give intimate experience. Big sites like Pornhub, Xhamster, and Xvideos have features that allow amateurs to broadcast their live performance.
Watching porn on the Internet is radically different from watching recorded videos like in the old days. Sometimes, the professionals also have their live interactive sessions with the audience.
If you are new to porn, you probably think that the industry is mainly for heterosexual people. However, you can also find a lot of gay materials with the same portion as the straight ones. Some porn sites even allow forums for the audiences to get to know each other. Get yourself into gay chat threads to find yourself a sex partner of your preference. It will be much more comfortable than physically dating someone.
Try the Anime Porns
If you no longer find real people attractive, you can try to interact with animated figures. Some games like Fallen Doll, ChatHouse 3D, VR Kanojo, Custom Maid, and Honey Select allow you to experience virtual sexual intercourse with custom characters of your preference. They may get redundant after a while though.
The only upside about anime porn is that you can realize your wildest fantasy. Some games allow you to control tentacles and devise a sex-torture machine according to your taste. There are also porns that have story plots if you are into porn with narration.
The Realistic Sex Doll
If you are willing to spend $5,000 to $10,000 for a toy, then you probably should try a sex doll. Today, artificial sex partners are highly realistic. Companies like Real Doll manufacture customizable sex dolls with graphic details. The other manufacturers of this business are Silicon Wives, Real Love Sex Dolls, and OV Dolls.…
A Dalek has invaded central London. With only two days to go until series nine of Doctor Who materialises on BBC1, the Time Lord's age-old adversary was spotted in Westminster yesterday.
Advertisement
Of course this isn't the first time the Daleks have run amok in Great Britain's capital city. Back in 1964 (or 2164 in Doctor Who years), Dalek invaders ruled the Earth with the aid of humans converted into zombie-like Robomen. These dramatic events were chronicled in the episode The Daleks Invasion of Earth.
This time round the Dalek in question (pictured below) appeared to be going it alone. What's more, it refrained from employing force, instead patiently waiting for the barriers to open like a normal punter.
Nor was step-free access required when descending the escalator…
Understandably, fellow passengers appeared to be keeping their distance.
The next sighting was only moments later at a bus stop outside Westminster tube. Experts can only surmise what happened: did the Dalek meet their match on the Tube and decide the bus was a safer option?
Unfortunately there was no sign of the Time Lord or their Tardis…
Watch what happened the first time the Daleks invaded London:
Advertisement
Doctor Who is a series 9 begins on Saturday 19th September at 7.40pm on BBC1
As HSC students manically prepare for their upcoming trials, many with the hope of studying law once they graduate, the law schools around them are rapidly changing. While undergraduates – even from the most prestigious universities – face an unprecedentedly competitive job market, law schools are increasingly marketing more accessible and stripped-back degrees.
One in four law graduates cannot find full-time employment four months after finishing their degree, according to Graduate Careers Australia – the highest rate ever. As large Australian law firms undergo mergers with international firms and jobs are increasingly outsourced, graduates are entering a deeply volatile market.
The trend in these new degrees has included a shift to partially online courses, as seen at Macquarie University, or indeed, a wholly online course – as offered by ANU's new postgraduate Juris Doctor program. Others, like UWS, Macquarie and UTS, offer a stripped back, three-year straight undergraduate law program, in contrast to the undergraduate five- year combined degrees offered by USyd, Monash and UNSW. A similarly “accelerated” JD program is offered at Monash, so the three-year masters program can be finished in just two years.
Today, 41 institutions offer a law degree in Australia. But not all are embracing the move to online courses. “While Sydney Law School is developing online teaching resources for the masters programs, there are no plans to change the teaching mode for the JD,” said a Sydney University spokesperson.
Advocates of the trend towards online learning argue this is largely a competitive response – particularly seen in JD programs – to meet the needs of mature age students, and to encourage their enrolment. Sceptics, however, suggest it's a way to up enrolments while scaling back on resources, helping universities reap profit in an era where tertiary education funding is decreasing and unpredictable. These detractors also criticise the move as sacrificing quality courses that actually deliver employment benefits to graduates, whilst diluting the overall value of a law degree for those that do partake in traditional degrees.
Necessarily, JD programs as a postgraduate degree must focus on professional skills acquisition, as dictated by industry regulators. Intensive teaching – a mode whereby programs are taught in condensed periods of time, as in the JD three-year program – is also criticised for its inability to impart conceptual critical analysis. For JDs, the focus is on workplace experience, rather than critical analysis of law. This vocation-oriented approach to tertiary study sits in contrast with the traditional focus of a law degree emphasised at USyd.
RAGE - Fighting Game
RAGE is an 80s style beat 'em up, inspired by the likes of Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat and Marvel Vs Capcom. Fight through a single-player game mode, unlocking new characters and a VS mode so you can play against your friends in local-multiplayer Player Vs Player action!
1 Player game mode: 5 tournaments to beat
2 Player game mode: Player Vs Player (unlocked through single-player)
4 Playable characters: (3 unlocked through single-player)
CONTROLS
You can either use gamepads or a keyboard (Gamepads are recommended)
A move list is available from the pause menu in-game
I also wrote a postmortem about creating the game if you are interested in game development: HERE
Let me know if you hit any bugs and I'll try and fix them in patches!
Enjoy!
James
(JTA) — To thank the 65 countries that did not support a resolution condemning President Donald Trump's position on Jerusalem, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, invited their counterparts from those states to a reception.
Haley extended the invitation Thursday hours after the General Assembly passed a resolution condemning Trump's Dec. 6 recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, the nrg news site reported.
Nine countries voted against the resolution, including Israel, the United States, Guatemala, Honduras and Togo, and 35 abstained, including the six EU member states Poland, Romania, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Croatia and Latvia. The rest of the European Union was among the 128 nations that voted in favor.
The representatives of 21 countries were absent from the vote, which was the 10th time in U.N. history that the General Assembly was convened for an emergency voting. They included Kenya, which was the fifth-largest recipient of U.S. aid last year, Georgia and Ukraine, all of which have close ties with the United States.
Absenteeism is unusual in emergency session votes.
Prior to the vote, Trump wrote on Twitter: “We're watching those votes. Let them vote against us, we'll save a lot. We don't care.” Their words were widely interpreted as a threat to cut aid to countries that vote against the United States position on Jerusalem.
The resolution, sponsored by Yemen and Turkey, reaffirmed what has been the U.N. stand on the divided holy city since 1967: Jerusalem's final status must be decided in direct negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians.
Later Thursday, an invitation was sent around to the countries that did not support the resolution on Jerusalem to attend a reception with Haley in January. The event was labeled as a means to thank the countries for “their friendship to the United States,” according to a copy of the invite obtained by CNN.
In their speech at the emergency vote, Haley noted that the “United States is by far the single largest contributor to the United Nations and its agencies.”
Aid is given, they added, “in order to advance our values and our interests. When that happens, our participation in the United Nations produces great good for the world.” The United States does this “because it represents who we are. It is our American way.”
But, Haley said, “we'll be honest with you. When we make generous contributions to the U.N., we also have a legitimate expectation that our good will is recognized and respected. When a nation is singled out for attack in this organization, that nation is disrespected. What's more, that nation is asked to pay for the ‘privilege' of being disrespected.”
Trump's pronouncement on Jerusalem ended decades of U.S. ambiguity on the status of the city that both Israel and the Palestinians claim as their capital.
Foto: Flickr-User t-mizo
I'd been running for a few hours now. My peripheral vision took in the dying red sun behind the stunning cliffs of the Jurassic coast while the wind howled into my face and made my eyes stream. My quads and calves burned on the steep ascent and I was breathing deep into the very bottom of my lungs, but I was still strangely alert, still pounding strongly past the 20 mile-mark—a point when I'd usually be an aching, sweating carcass. I was light-headed. My brain trembled with endorphins and I felt like I could just keep going. Why? Because I'd drunk hornet vomit.
A new wave of sports nutrition has legs. Six of them in fact, as well as a head, thorax, abdomen and quite often an antenna and wings. I've been experimenting with the delicately refined spew of the oosuzumebachi, otherwise known as the Japanese giant hornet or the giant sparrow bee. I buzzed up that final hill part man, tiny part giant hornet, feeling a tangible exhilaration from the Vespa amino acid mixture (VAAM) I had imported from Japan to help with my endurance running. I'm not some kind of bug fetishist, either: The US sports nutrition market is now waking up to the great potential of little critters as a natural protein with all the right amino acids and no chemical processes, too.
Insects don't always get the respect they deserve, but how many times have you been amazed by the defiant resilience of a fly that has escaped your repeated swatting with a rolled up magazine? Insects punch well above their bodyweight when it comes to lifting, running, jumping, flying, and travelling comparatively huge distances. If it wasn't for the impossible physics of increasing the size of an exoskeleton, I'm sure a happy band of worker ants would gleefully relieve us of the child labor issues in the world.
Pound for pound, insects are athletic kings. At five centimeters long, travelling up to 100km a day and able to lift up to six pounds in weight, the giant hornet is the Delta Force assassin of the bug world.
There has been growing evidence on the secretions of hornets—which have long been a delicacy in Japan (think hornet sashimi and wasp crackers)—for a while now. Biochemist Takashi Abe investigated the stamina of these magnificent flying machines and found a unique combination of 17 amino acids taken from the saliva of baby hornets. They then pioneered experiments with hornet potion on swimming mice (imagine them in lanes with rubber hats) and proved in 1995 in Japanese Journal of Physical Fitness and Sports Medicine that the mixture burns fat and reduces fatigue during long bouts of exercise.
According to Abe, it also seemed to improve physical endurance in humans, and they developed the sports nutrition drink sold as VAAM in Japan, which is now a lucrative industry there. Marathoner Naoko Takahashi won gold in the 2000 Olympics in Sydney and broke further world records. The Japanese 100km team won in the 2007 world championships, and mountaineer Tamae Watanabe climbed Everest. All were firing on VAAM.
A mate and I dabbled with the synthetic version of hornet juice, made by Nature Sport Science in New Zealand, when we ripped open the extra-terrestrial purple packet during the ONER, a gruelling 24-hour, 80-mile race down the Jurassic Coast in Dorset. We gasped down the powder after about 18 hours and licked the wrapper clean, finishing inside the 24-hour time cut off physically wrecked but strangely focused. We had also been ramming everything from fizzy sherbet snakes to tramadol down our throats, though, so it was a bit tricky to tell what had been affecting us when we also had not slept in 30 hours.
So I decided to be more scientific and do a very long solo run fuelled on breakfast and hornet secretions alone. The science behind the VAAM is in metabolizing the fat reserves in your body rather than using carbs as your fuel source. As Abe said in their report, "this amino acid combination delivers completely new function." I made sure I didn't eat for three hours before my run so my body would not use too much glycogen and then consumed the VAAM sachet (they taste a bit like a grapefruit Alka-Seltzer) and set off 40 minutes later.
I felt sluggish for the first seven miles, like I often do, though my stomach was gurgling quizzically. At around 12 miles I started to feel a dawn rising, and then, at mile 15, I overtook a man on a mountain bike, which might have been a bizarre coincidence (he was advancing in years and more mollusk than insect class) but it has never happened to me before. I made 20 miles feeling much better than I did in the first five, which I feel confident I can attribute to the hornet juice. It's definitely worth further investigation in different fields—raves, military stamina, and revision all-nighters, maybe.
The US market is certainly starting to believe in insect power. There's a company called Vespa CV-25 and some other—Bitty Foods, Chapul, Exo—that have sprung up, offering insect protein snacks. Exo, a new company that manufactures cricket protein bars by mega-mixing around 40 crickets per bar, had the foresight to seek the culinary advice of Kyle Connaughton, former head of research at Heston Blumenthal's Fat Duck restaurant, and have mixed the cricket flour with a more tasty ingredient like cashew and honey. They have already sold out of their original production run—obviously the new breed of cross-training paleo dieters have a taste for bugs as well as grass-fed beef. As Exo's founder Gabi Lewis says, "Crickets are very high quality protein source and they are a low hurdle to get people into eating insects when mixed in a bar." There are bugs that haven't yet made the jump, though. "The dung beetle, which is even higher in protein, is not such an easy sell."
If insects have entered the Western diet through sports nutrition, who's to say that VAAM won't become the ultimate natural product to survive a week in Ibiza, if you can live clean but still party like a killer hornet? If you want to ride the natural insect wave, though, go for pure giant sparrow bee vomit, not the synthetic powder mixed with caster sugar. And mix up your protein smoothies with some cricket flour. It goes really well with banana, milk, and blueberries, with just vague hint of feeding time at the reptile house.
I've just launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund my new RPG, Phoenix: Dawn Command. I don't have any news at this point about Eberron for 5E, though I still believe that progress is being made on that front. Which means it's a good time to answer the following question…
How would you adapt Phoenix to work in the Eberron setting? I want to try Phoenix, but I can't let go of the setting. Is there space in there for Phoenixes?
In Phoenix: Dawn Command you take on the roles of Phoenixes – champions imbued with supernatural power and the ability to return from death up to seven times. Death is actually how a character becomes more powerful; each time you die you learn lessons from your previous life.
The trick is that there's more to Phoenix than playing a hero with seven lives. The game is set in a fantasy world facing a existential threat: a plague of supernatural horrors that mortal forces cannot overcome, and that have slowly but surely been consuming the known world. Part of creating a character in Phoenix is determining why you fight – what you've lost to the Dread, what you still care about – but Phoenix is a game about facing an enigmatic force that could destroy your world. This is part of what makes the seven lives structure work. In Phoenix, you regularly face unknown threats with terrible odds… and quite often it is more important to find a way to accomplish your mission than it is to survive. It is a setting that calls for heroic sacrifice.
So: it's a trivial matter to insert Phoenixes into Eberron. The question is how you would provide that same sense of urgency that makes Phoenixes feel necessary – and where choosing to sacrifice your life to accomplish a task feels worthwhile.
One possibility would be to amp up the threat posed by the Mourning – to say that the Mourning is expanding, and that terrors are emerging to threaten people on its borders. Meanwhile, Phoenixes are something that first appear after the Day of Mourning; the first Phoenixes could be Cyrans who died in the Mourning, only to return with the power to face this threat. This would reflect the other aspect of Phoenix, which is that the threat is a mystery. As I mention in this post, it's not just about whether you can fight the Dread, it's whether you can unlock its secrets.
I could also see a high-tension game set around the Dragonmarked houses. Perhaps the Phoenixes are a creation of the Twelve – a joint project of Vadalis and Jorasco – who have escaped from their creators with knowledge of some sinister plan. Now they are fighting a shadow war against the houses while being constantly hounded by their other secret forces – sort of Dark Angel meets Shadowrun.
The main point of this: there's more to Phoenix than the death mechanic. I love the Phoenix setting as well. It's something I'll reveal more about in the days ahead, and it's something that is tied around the idea of Phoenixes. So you certainly COULD run Phoenix in Eberron, but I'd check out the new setting first!
And with that in mind, I'll leave you with some of the threats you might encounter in Phoenix!
Anant Kumar Hegde Hegde, known for making controversial comments, has been in a series of rows.
Anant kumar Hegde was caught on camera assaulting doctors in January. (File)
Union minister Anant Kumar Hegde is in the centre of another controversy after they said that their party, the ruling BJP, will "soon change the Constitution," which mentions the word "secular." They were attacking what they called a "new fad where people project themselves as secular."The 49-year-old minister was speaking at a function in Kukanur of Koppal district in the state when they urged people to "claim with pride that they are Muslim, Christian, Lingayat, Brahmin, or a Hindu," adding, "Those who, without knowing about their parental blood, call themselves secular, they don't have their own identity...They don't know about their parentage, but they are intellectuals."He also said, "Some people say the Constitution says secular and you must accept it. We will respect the Constitution, but the Constitution has changed several times and it will change in the future too. We are here to change the Constitution and we'll change it."The Karnataka Congress has asked if the BJP endorses its minister's views and suggested that if so, the party must face assembly elections in the state next year "on this agenda." Chief Minister Siddaramaiah said Mr Hegde has "clearly not studied the Constitution, does not know parliamentary or political language," and must know that "each and every individual in this country is an Indian, And every religion has equal right and opportunity."Anant Kumar Hegde is a five-time Lok Sabha member from Uttara Kannada, who was made a minister in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cabinet reshuffle in August this year as part of the BJP's strategy to boost representation from states where elections will be held soon. The party hopes to wrest Karnataka back after losing the only southern state it has ruled to the Congress in 2013. Mr Hegde, known for making controversial comments , has been in a series of rows since they were inducted as minister for skill development and entrepreneurship. A case was registered against them earlier this month for allegedly abusing Mr Siddaramaiah at Kittur in Belagavi district.Soon after they were appointed a minister CCTV footage of Mr Hegde slapping a doctor was widely circulated. They were seen striking the doctor , grabbing them by the throat and slamming them against a wall. Mr Hegde was apparently furious because they felt the doctors were not paying enough attention to their mother, who had suffered multiple fractures after a fall at home.
The Red Sox took the first step toward shoring up their embattled bullpen Friday, acquiring left-handed reliever Matt Thornton from the White Sox.
Thornton fills a serious need for the Red Sox, as Andrew Miller‘s injury last week left Craig Breslow as the only southpaw remaining in the Boston bullpen.
Miller, whose impending foot surgery will likely put them out for the remainder of the season, was placed on the 60-day disabled list to make room for the new acquisition.
Thornton, 36, has appeared in 40 games for the White Sox this season, posting a 3.86 ERA and 1.25 WHIP. They have spent eight of their 10 major league seasons in Chicago, earning an All-Star bid in 2010.
In exchange for Thornton and cash, Boston will send minor league outfielder Brandon Jacobs to Chicago.
Video (27:59) : First responders at the Cedar-Riverside fight fire with ice on Jan. 1, 2014. The blaze has left at more than 10 injured, some of them critically.
Fourteen people were injured, six critically, early Wednesday morning after an explosion caused a major fire at a grocery store and apartment building in the bustling Cedar-Riverside neighborhood in south Minneapolis.
Minneapolis Fire Chief John Fruetel said they do not know yet if all the residents are accounted for. Some made it out on their own into the subzero temperatures, but others had to be rescued with ladders.
Mohamed Cheikhabdi, head of the Somali Advocate Justice Center, said that family members have reported that three individuals living in the apartments are not in the hospital and have not been accounted for. They are worried that they may have died in the fire, they said.
Asked if anyone had been found inside, Fruetel said water was still being poured on the building and firefighters have not yet been able to enter. Fire investigators are on the scene, and city inspectors are assessing the structural integrity of the building, they said.
Police are interviewing victims at the hospital.
Freutel said there are 10 apartments, nine of them occupied.
Gallery: Fire engulfs Cedar-Riverside building Gallery: Fire engulfs Cedar-Riverside building
They called the blaze “a deep-seated fire” in dangerous conditions. Fire hoses freeze, and nozzles and hydrants also can freeze up while the water used to quell the blaze quickly turns to ice underfoot in the 4-below zero temperature. Firefighters were spreading salt on the street in front of the building to improve traction.
The injured were transported to Hennepin County Medical Center and University of Minnesota Medical Center, Fairview.
Christine Hill, spokesperson at Hennepin County Medical Center, said 10 fire victims were brought to the emergency room, all adults. Three of them are in critical condition and seven are in satisfactory condition. All have either burns, broken bones or both, they said. A spokesperson for Fairview University hospital said they could not provide any information.
No cause has been identified as yet, said Greg Nelson, supervisor of the Minneapolis Emergency Communications Center, but the building that housed the Otonga Grocery and several apartments is likely a total loss.
Owner reported ‘electrical shock'
Ahmed Muse, one of five owners of the grocery store, said they arrived at the store at 8 a.m. There was what they called “an electrical shock” in the building, and police were called. When they went outside to talk to the officers, an explosion erupted on the second floor, blowing out the windows and scattering glass on the street below. A police squad car reported the fire at around 8:16 a.m., Nelson said
Flames were shooting 20 feet from the building, officials said. The second and third floors of the three-story building later collapsed.
About a dozen fire trucks were on the scene at 516 Cedar Av. to fight the fire with a “defensive attack,” Nelson said.
“These are very treacherous conditions,” said Fruetel, citing the below-zero temperatures. They said firefighters initially entered the building, but had to retreat. There were about 50 firefighters on the scene as of 9:30 a.m.
Residents from other buildings were watching from nearby sidewalks as fire officials have cordoned off the area at 6th Street and Cedar Av. S. Streets were slicked with ice from the water used on the fire.
Ismail Adan, 34, a truck driver, has lived in the building since 2002 and left shortly before the fire. They said their mother had called them early in the morning and they left to visit her, but a cousin who was staying with them was in the third-floor apartment when the explosion occurred. They said the cousin jumped out of the building and was injured but they have spoken with them by phone in the hospital.
“He's OK. It's not very serious,” Adan said.
Adan confirmed that the apartments are all occupied by single men.
Red Cross gave Adam $290 for food and clothing and is helping them find another place to stay. “I am grateful I have my jacket,” they said. “I lost everything.”
Otonga Grocery served halal meats and was popular among the neighborhood's many Somali American residents. Muse said it had been there since 1998, and that the building was in good shape and had been remodeled last year.
Records show the building was built in 1886 and is permitted for 10 resident rooms. The building is managed by Wadani Properties of Minneapolis, which is owned by Garad Nor, according to Minneapolis and Secretary of State records.
A group people looked through a window as firefighters battled a 3-alarm fire an explosion at 514 Cedar Ave. Jan. 1, 2014 in Minneapolis. At least 13 people were injured in the fire, six of them critically.
Nor was at the scene Wednesday afternoon, appearing shaken. They said said they have owned the building since 2005 and did not know the fire's cause. They said they hurried to the scene after the fire started, then went to visit victims at HCMC.
“This is a disaster,” they said. “I'm very sorry for this.”
Mosque next door may be damaged
A mosque and cultural center stands between the grocery, the Islamic Civic Society of America & Dar Al-Hijrah, and Palmers Bar.
Abdisalam Adam, chairperson of the center's board, said its building is separate and the center does not own the building that exploded. They said the mosque has likely been damaged by smoke and water, but they have not been able to get inside to confirm.
“It's really tragic and unexpected, but we have faith in God,” Adam said. They were out on the street.
Kamaro Ali's Wajadir Grocery & Halal meat is across the street from the Otonga Grocery. “We have to help each other. If I needed help, they'd help me,” they said.
Nur Abdulkader was asleep in their apartment in the Riverside towers just behind the grocery building when the fire erupted. “Somebody called me and said the building exploded and there was a fire.”
They ran outside and watched the firefighters at work. “These people did a heck of a job.”
Mayor R.T. Rybak, Mayor-elect Betsy Hodges and city council member-elect Abdi Warsame said they had visited some of the victims in the hospital. Hodges called the fire “a tragedy for the city” and said they wanted the families of the victims “to know they're not alone.”
The California State Senate has ended a late-night ride service for lawmakers that stirred indignation and questions about the use of public resources.
Two part-time employees were hired to offer round-the-clock rides to senators, the Bee reported last week, an amenity that came after multiple lawmakers had been stopped for suspected drunk driving in recent years. Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de León, D-Los Angeles, announced in a Friday email they were halting the program.
“The Senate after-hours emergency services program was reinstated at the recommendation of security experts for the safety and protection of our Senators and hundreds of staffers, but, given the confusion caused by recent media reports, I have asked the Chief Sergeant to discontinue the infrequent practice of providing late-night/early morning transportation for Senators, effective immediately,” de León said in an emailed statement.
De León also said they had directed staff to begin working on releasing documents shedding light on the calendars of two suspended state senators, Leland Yee of San Francisco and Ron Calderon of Montebello, who are facing federal charges. The Bay Area News Group and Los Angeles News Group sued to gain access to the calendars after the Senate rejected their Legislative Open Records Act requests.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
“I have instructed Legislative Counsel to immediately collaborate with the Bay Area News Group's attorneys to determine precisely what documentation needs to be released and to make it available as soon as possible,” de León said.
One day stands out in my many memories of feeling like an outcast at UC Berkeley. I was a sophomore, and I was in a discussion section for a sociology course. The GSI asked my peers and me to stand on one side of the room if we agreed with a statement and the other side if we disagreed (an exercise that I have grown to dislike, as I always end up alone). Their first assertion was: corporations are bad for society. I remember how my peers quickly scurried to one corner of the room, demonstrating they agreed, and I slowly stepped to the opposite side, showing my disagreement. My GSI asked why I stood there alone, the one person in the class who did not think corporations are in fact bad for society. I gave them my answer. I said that while I do recognize how corporations inflict a variety of negative social and environmental externalities for which they should be held accountable, the benefits they have created far outweigh those costs, and so they are actually more good than bad for society. They asked me no further questions. They simply smirked with scorn, looked at my wide-eyed, curious peers, and before I could open my mouth again to explain what those benefits included, they said we should move on to the next statement. In that moment, I knew just how silenced conservatives can be by the educators on this campus. Our views are simply not heard, nor are they welcome. We get outcasted.
But I haven't felt like an outcast among my peers. I have engaged in a variety of fruitful discussions and lively debates with students who were intrigued by my conservative opinions, wanting to understand where they came from. Rarely, if ever, do conservative students such as myself get ignored by other students. We are much too intellectually curious to be so dismissive. But often, our voice becomes silenced by our teachers. This goes against everything our campus has been founded upon; UC Berkeley was once a campus where free speech was championed. Nowadays, it can unfortunately be crushed.
As a political science major, I constantly hear my professors and GSIs condemning conservatism and celebrating liberalism. Over the course of my political science career, I have frequently listened to my instructors criticize Republicans in Congress, blaming them for gridlock and failing to acknowledge that Democrats contribute to such divisiveness. They continue to blame President George W. Bush for our nation's economic problems eight years after they left office. Lately, my GSIs have especially enjoyed lambasting the GOP's candidates, but they do not denounce the Democratic frontrunner for currently being investigated by the FBI after lying to the American people about their actions as Secretary of State. Rarely is such one-sided rhetoric challenged.
My peers, more often than not, want to engage with individuals like me to discuss the conservative side to such issues and perhaps gain new insights, but I have found that they are afraid of doing so publicly. There have been many times when I had a great discussion about politics with people sitting next to me before class began, but there have been few when they engaged with the rest of the class in a discussion about conservative ideas. This has oftentimes frustrated me, but I now realize that their quietude on the subject is not entirely their fault. I do not blame them for failing to consider conservatism's efficacy; they have never truly learned the its foundation.
Though UC Berkeley students largely identify themselves as liberal, the education they are receiving is not truly liberal. Liberal arts are intended to inspire critical thought. If UC Berkeley were liberal, our instructors would teach us how to think critically about important issues facing our nation and world. They would provide us the information necessary to freely form our own opinions, without telling us what we are supposed to conclude. But this does not always occur in our classrooms. Instead, professors and GSIs all too often tell us what they think — that Republicans and their policies are erroneous, or something to that effect — and leave it at that. In doing so, they prevent us from considering a perspective different from the leftist principles that have come to dominate the discourse on this campus.
I cannot speak to the experiences of students in other majors, but as far as the social sciences go, I believe my peers and I are not learning how to critically think about important issues anymore. Learning from instructors who denounce conservative ideas and glorify liberalism, I wonder if they fear considering issues from the alternative perspective. Maybe UC Berkeley students want to understand conservatism, but they do not ask questions about it because they are afraid of feeling outcasted like I did last year. I can only hope this to be true. More importantly, I hope that our campus, and other universities across the country, will soon realize the true meaning of a liberal education, and they will not stop casting out students for their political beliefs. Once students graduate and are cast outside of the liberal university system, they will find that those beliefs resonate with a lot more people than they have been taught to think. Maybe then they'll start asking questions about them.
Madeline Dyer writes the Thursday blog on providing an alternative to UC Berkeley liberalism. Contact them at [email protected].
California's Second District Court of Appeal said on Tuesday that a paralyzed Los Angeles police officer, who was shot by their 3-year-old son, could move forward with their lawsuit again gun manufacturer Glock.
Enrique Chavez's lawsuit claimed that the Glock 21 had a light trigger and lacked a grip saftey, both of which could have prevented the shooting.
Los Angeles Judge Kevin Brazile dismissed Chavez's case two years ago, saying that they had failed to show that an alternate gun design would have prevented the shooting. Brazile also said that a police department review of the handgun showed that the advantages outweighed the risk.
But earlier this week, the state appeals court ruled 3-0 that the suit could move forward, according to the San Francisco Chronicle. After reviewing evidence presented by Chavez's lawyers, the court found that a grip safety “would minimize the risk of accidental discharge without undermining performance.”
In 2006, Chavez's son accidentally shot them in the back after the off-duty officer forgot that they had left the loaded .45-caliber pistol under the front seat of this Ford Ranger. The child was not in a safety seat at the time.
[Photo: Shutterstock.com]
DATE: Saturday, April 25
TIME: 10 a.m. - 6 p.m.
COST: Free!
ENTRANCE: All gates
WHAT IS IT?:
An opportunity for fans of all ages to explore Fenway Park at their own pace. The free, open to the public event gives fans a chance to discover behind-the-scenes locations and learn more about "America's Most Beloved Ballpark" through a variety of family-friendly activities:
Appearances and autographs by Red Sox Alumni
Visits to exclusive areas of the ballpark, including the home & away clubhouses
From 10:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. , fans will have an opportunity to walk on the warning track, sit in the dugouts, peer into the bullpens, and peek inside the Green Monster scoreboard ( weather permitting )
, fans will have an opportunity to walk on the warning track, sit in the dugouts, peer into the bullpens, and peek inside the Green Monster scoreboard ( ) The Open House will feature a special college showcase game between two Historically Black Colleges, Florida A&M University and North Carolina Central University starting at 2:00 p.m.
A college fair with participation from historically black colleges will be taking place in the State Street Pavilion Club from 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
Explore 100 locations in Fenway Park: A Living Museum
Tour the Royal Rooters Club: Home of the "Nation's Archives"
CONCESSIONS:
Available for purchase throughout the ballpark.
It's now official, Instagram has suffered a massive data breach , and reportedly an unknown hacker has stolen personal details of more than 6 million Instagram accounts.Just yesterday, we reported that Instagram had patched a critical API vulnerability that allowed the attacker to access phone numbers and email addresses for high-profile verified accounts.However, Instagram hack now appears to be more serious than initially reported.Not just a few thousands of high-profile users—it's more than 6 million Instagram users, including politicians, sports stars, and media companies, who have had their Instagram profile information, including email addresses and phone numbers, available for sale on a website, calledThe suspected Instagram hacker has launched Doxagram, an Instagram lookup service, where anyone can search for stolen information only for $10 per account.A security researcher from Kaspersky Labs, who also found the same vulnerability and reported it to Instagram, told The Hacker News that the issue actually resided in the Instagram's mobile API , specifically in the password reset option, which apparently exposed mobile numbers and email addresses of the users in the JSON response—but not passwords.Instagram has not confirmed the hacker's claims yet, but the company said Friday it is investigating the data breach.The news comes three days after an unknown hacker hijacked most-followed-account on Instagram belonged to Selena Gomez—with over 125 Million followers—and posted their ex-boyfriend Justin Bieber's full-frontal nude photographs.However, Instagram did not confirm if the recent data breach was related to Selena's hacked account.The company had already notified all of its verified users of the issue via emails and also encouraged them to be cautious if they receive any suspicious or unrecognised phone call, text message, or email.With email addresses and phone numbers in hand, the hacker's next step could be used the stolen info in tandem with social engineering techniques to gain access to verified Instagram accounts and post on their behalves in order to embarrass them.Instagram users are also highly recommended to enable two-factor authentication on their accounts and always secure them with a robust and different password.Additionally, avoid clicking on suspicious links and attachments you receive in an email and providing your personal or financial details without verifying the source properly.
Producer Of 9/11 Conspiracy Film 'Loose Change' Accused In Heroin Sale
From Oneonta, N.Y., the local Daily Star writes that:
"Loose Change filmmaker Korey H. Rowe, 27, of Oneonta, was one of two people arrested in Oneonta on Thursday and charged with sale of heroin, Oneonta police said."
As the newspaper adds, Loose Change is a film that has gained notoriety because it questions "the official explanation of the events on 9/11." It suggests, for example, that the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center were brought down by explosives and that the Pentagon was not struck by a passenger jet — even though hundreds of people saw the plane hit the building. Loose Change has been viewed millions of times on the Web.
Rowe is out on bond. He's an Army veteran and their biography at the Loose Change website says they served in Afghanistan and Iraq before getting involved with the film.
Augmented Reality TARDIS Really Is Bigger On The Inside
Owning a model TARDIS is pretty cool, but sadly there's no way to actually make it bigger on the inside… or is there? Well technically still no, because we're not Time Lords and have no idea how that technology works. But we do know how augmented reality technology works… or at least some of us do—I'm still over here trying to figure out how my DVR works. But Greg Kumparak does in fact know how that technology works and they used this knowledge to create this amazing augmented reality TARDIS. The front of the police box features a wibbly wobbly timey wimey design that when viewed with the AR app appears to be the inside of the TARDIS. Kumparak explains how they did it on their website, but be warned: if you can't figure out the DVR you'll never figure this out either.
Via: www.neatorama.com
10:50pm: Heyman adds, via Twitter, that the Orioles are not in the mix for Saltalamacchia.
10:05pm: The Diamondbacks, Rays and Royals are all discussing Saltalamacchia, tweets Jon Heyman of CBS Sports. It's unclear if Kansas City's interest has picked up at all between McCullough's report and this latest update, though the Rays and certainly the D-Backs would seem to have a bigger need behind the dish. Like MacPherson yesterday, Heyman hears that the Red Sox aren't in the mix.
4:14pm: The Royals have some interest in Saltalamacchia, but their interest is said to be very preliminary, according to Andy McCullough of the Kansas City Star (on Twitter). As McCullough notes, GM Dayton Moore was the Braves' director of player development when Atlanta drafted Saltalamacchia.
APRIL 28, 3:12pm: The Angels are not currently involved in trade talks while the Mariners are weighing internally whether to pursue him, Jon Morosi of FOX Sports reports (Twitter links).
APRIL 27: The Marlins have already had contact with five teams regarding Jarrod Saltalamacchia, Nick Cafardo of the Boston Globe reports on Twitter. GM Dan Jennings says that they expect to find a deal for the just-designated backstop.
Among the potential landing spots are the Red Sox, Indians, Mariners, and Diamondbacks, one source tells ESPN.com's Jerry Crasnick (Twitter link). According to other reports, however, Boston is “unlikely” to be interested in adding the 29-year-old, as Brian MacPherson of the Providence Journal tweets, even if it were able to add them for just the league minimum.
Saltalamacchia thrived in Boston, slashing a combined .243/.307/.455 during their four seasons there. Since earning a large free agent payday to join the Marlins last year, Saltalamacchia owns a fairly disapointing .209/.310/.351 line at the plate. That output, while still not bad for a catcher, was not enough to outweigh their lightly-regarded defensive work.
Nevertheless, Salty remains an interesting option for teams looking for a backup or injury replacement (as the above list would indicate). The switch hitter has been much more productive historically against right-handed pitching (.775 career OPS) and makes for a natural platoon mate for any right-handed swinging backstop.
A new study published in the American Journal of Medicine suggests the way to prevent suicide may be by placing the emphasis on guns. The study reports that differences in suicide rates across America lie not in different rates of mental illness or depression, but in levels of gun ownership.
Suicide is the leading cause of injury death in the United States and the rate has increased in recent years. Although only one percent of suicide attempts are with guns, half of all deaths by suicide come from guns. Eighty percent of suicide attempts with a gun end in death, compared to only two percent of attempts with pills or cutting.
The study, carried out by researchers at Harvard University's Injury Control Resarch Center in Cambridge, Massachusetts, examined the link between suicide and gun availability by studying the rates of suicide, gun ownership, and gun safety practices. It concludes that by focusing on gun safety, doctors may be able to dramatically decrease death by suicide
Greece has a rate of 2.9 suicides per 100,000 people, the lowest in the world as of 2005. The United States has a rate of 10.1 suicides per 100,000 people, according to the Washington Post. In Greece, there are 22.5 firearms per 100 people. In the United States, there are 101 firearms per 100 people.
Photo: Reuters
The study points out significant historical instances of reducing access to popular suicide methods. In the early 1960's, half of all suicides in England and Wales came from suffocation by domestic gas. After carbon monoxide was taken out of gas supplies, the overall rate of suicide in the same areas dropped by 30 percent. In 1995, Sri Lanka retained one of the highest levels of suicide in the world, with most coming from poisoning by pesticides. After the use and sale of such pesticides were restricted, the suicide rate in Sri Lanka was cut in half.
The study purports that changing gun control laws is simply one solution. Doctors should also put "time and distance between a suicidal person and a gun," it concludes. It implores physicians to focus on providing information to gun owners who may be suicidal and to even advise them to have someone else hold onto their guns for a while.
Gun control is a contentious dividing point in American politics in the wake of many mass shootings. In a January Gallup poll, 24 percent of Americans reported being somewhat disatisfied with the nation's gun policies and 38 percent reported being very dissatisfied. Only nine percent reported being very satisfied with current laws.
Despite repeated calls for action, Congress has barely made even modest moves in the firearms arena. In a January speech, President Barack Obama announced a series of executive actions to reduce gun violence, citing the frequency of suicide by firearms in the United States. After yet another shooting in June, this time at a nightclub in Orlando, the Republican dominated Congress blocked four measures that would restrict gun sales.
The wage bill makes up 80% of spending for police The pay bill of police officers and staff in England and Wales should be frozen to protect frontline services, business organisation the CBI has said. The recommendation - one of a series in a report on policing - would help maintain the fight on crime at a time of shrinking budgets, it says. The CBI also echoed suggestions in a government White Paper that savings could be made by pooling resources. The Police Federation questioned the group's expertise on police finances. Performance-related pay The government White Paper published last year said police should save £100m this year, rising to £545m annually by 2014. The police wage bill currently accounts for 80% of spending in the 43 forces. At present, pay is negotiated nationally, with salary levels depending on length of service and seniority. The CBI says an officer's pay should be performance-related, linked to the outcome of their annual review. But to create a climate in which such reforms could be introduced, it suggests freezing the overall police pay bill. Some officers would still be awarded pay rises, but the costs would have to be offset elsewhere. 'Doubled-edged sword' The report, A Frontline Force: Proposals For More Effective Policing, also looked at how savings could be made in administrative tasks such as human resources, and in IT, equipment procurement and the use of private staff in custody suites. There is considerable scope for the police to find savings without compromising frontline policing
John Cridland, CBI CBI deputy director-general John Cridland said: "The public sector investment boom of recent years is coming to an end just at a time when our police forces are facing increasing pressure to fight terrorism and sophisticated computer fraud. "There is considerable scope for the police to find savings without compromising frontline policing. But this will require a major rethink of what we expect the police to do." The Police Federation, which represents 140,000 officers, said policing could not be treated like an ordinary business. It pointed out that bonuses and special payments suggested by the CBI were already available to some officers. Chairman Paul McKeever said: "This CBI report is a double-edged sword. On the one hand it contains many sensible recommendations for improving efficiency that we have been calling for, such as improved collaboration, joint procurement and rationalising backroom functions. "Yet on the other hand it contains several ill-informed suggestions focused purely on cost-cutting - namely, hiving off parts of the service for the benefit of private companies that the CBI represents and not for the greater good of the public."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Victoria Day 2017: What's open and closed in Toronto
The unofficial start of summer is nigh. Here's what's open and closed in Toronto on the holiday Monday.
Social Sharing
As part of Ontario's 150th anniversary festivities, Ontario Place is welcoming guests to enjoy the Culinary Ontario Festival. The unofficial start of summer is nigh. Here's what's open and closed in Toronto on the holiday Monday. York-Bay-Yonge Gardiner ramp demolition will cause headaches all long weekend Closed: Government offices.
Banks.
​All Toronto Public Library branches are closed Sunday and Monday.
LCBO.
Beer Store.
Select malls (Yorkdale Shopping Centre, Fairview Mall, Sherway Gardens, Scarborough Town Centre)
Toronto Zoo (due to ongoing strike) Open: Family Attractions Ontario Place - Open Friday from 3 p.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday from 10 a.m. to 11 p.m., Sunday from 10 a.m. to 11:30 p.m., and Victoria Day from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
- Open Friday from 3 p.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday from 10 a.m. to 11 p.m., Sunday from 10 a.m. to 11:30 p.m., and Victoria Day from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. ​High Park Zoo - 7 a.m. to dusk. Victoria Day visitors can feed and pet llamas in the Llama Pen from 11:30 a.m. to 2 p.m.
- 7 a.m. to dusk. Victoria Day visitors can feed and pet llamas in the Llama Pen from 11:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. Riverdale Farm - 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tourist Attractions CN Tower - Open 9 a.m. to 10:30 p.m.
- Open 9 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. Ontario Science Centre - Open 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. on Saturday. Open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Sunday and Victoria Day.
- Open 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. on Saturday. Open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Sunday and Victoria Day. Ripley's Aquarium - Open 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.
- Open 9 a.m. to 11 p.m. The Royal Ontario Museum - Open 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.
- Open 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. The Art Gallery of Ontario - Open 10:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Victoria Day. Open 10:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Malls Eaton Centre - Open 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Victoria Day.
- Open 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Victoria Day. Vaughan Mills - Open 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. on Victoria Day.
- Open 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. on Victoria Day. Square One - Open 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Victoria Day.
- Open 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Victoria Day. Toronto Premium Outlets - Open 9:30 a.m. to 7 p.m. on Victoria Day.​ Transit TTC - Holiday service and schedule will be in effect on Victoria Day. There will be no subway service between Sheppard West and St. George stations on Saturday and Sunday.
- Holiday service and schedule will be in effect on Victoria Day. There will be no subway service between Sheppard West and St. George stations on Saturday and Sunday. GO Transit - Saturday service and schedule will be in effect on Victoria Day.
Popular Now Find more popular stories
For the English-born American movie critic, see Steven Rea
Stephen Rea ( ray; born 31 October 1946) is an Irish[1] film and stage actor. Rea has appeared in films such as V for Vendetta, Michael Collins, Interview with the Vampire and Breakfast on Pluto. Rea was nominated for an Academy Award for their lead performance as Fergus in the 1992 film The Crying Game. They have during later years had important roles in the Hugo Blick TV series The Shadow Line and The Honourable Woman, for which they won a BAFTA Award.
Early life [ edit ]
Rea was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland, to Protestant parents; their father was a bus driver and their mother a housewife.[2] They studied English at the Queen's University Belfast, and drama at the Abbey Theatre School in Dublin.[2]
In the late 1970s, they acted in the Focus Company in Dublin with Gabriel Byrne and Colm Meaney.
Career [ edit ]
After appearing on the stage and in television and film for many years in Ireland and the United Kingdom, Rea came to international attention when they were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for the film The Crying Game.  They are a frequent collaborator with Irish film-maker Neil Jordan. Rea has long been associated with some of the most important writers in Ireland. Their association with playwright Stewart Parker, for example, began when they were students together at the Queen's University of Belfast.
Rea helped establish the Field Day Theatre Company in 1980 with Tom Paulin, Brian Friel, Seamus Heaney and Seamus Deane. In recognition for their contribution to theatre and performing arts, Rea was given honorary degrees from both the Queen's University Belfast[3] and the Ulster University[4] in 2004.
Rea's friendship with American playwright and actor Sam Shepard dates back to the early 1970s, and they starred in Shepard's directorial début of their play Geography of a Horse Dreamer at the Royal Court Theatre in 1974. In 2007, Rea began a successful and acclaimed relationship with both the Abbey Theatre and Sam Shepard, appearing in Kicking a Dead Horse (2007) and Ages of the Moon (2009), both penned by Shepard and also both transferred to New York.[5] Rea returned to the Abbey in 2009 to appear in the world première of Sebastian Barry's Tales of Ballycumber.[6]
Rea was hired to speak the words of Gerry Adams when Sinn Féin was under a 1988–94 broadcasting ban.[7]
In 2011, Rea featured in the BBC crime drama The Shadow Line, playing antagonist Gatehouse.
In April 2012, Rea read James Joyce's short story "The Dead" on RTÉ Radio 1.[8] They also narrated for the BBC Radio 4 production of Ulysses for Bloomsday, 16 June 2012.
Rea starred in Enda Walsh's 2014 play Ballyturk and portrayed Jordan in Out of the Dark,[9] in which they co-stars alongside Julia Stiles, Scott Speedman and Alejandro Furth.[10][11]
Personal life [ edit ]
Rea was married for 17 years to Dolours Price, a former Provisional Irish Republican Army bomber and hunger striker who later became a critic of Sinn Féin. (Another news source suggests a marriage of 20 years, from 1983 to 2003.)[12] They had been divorced when they died on 23 January 2013.[13] They have two sons.[14]
Rea is an Ambassador for UNICEF Ireland.[15]
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Anniversary clock made by S. Haller & Sohne Co.
Kundo reverts here. For other use, see Kundo (disambiguation)
A torsion pendulum clock, more commonly known as an anniversary clock or 400-day clock, is a mechanical clock which keeps time with a mechanism called a torsion pendulum. This is a weighted disk or wheel, often a decorative wheel with 3 or 4 chrome balls on ornate spokes, suspended by a thin wire or ribbon called a torsion spring (also known as "suspension spring"). The torsion pendulum rotates about the vertical axis of the wire, twisting it, instead of swinging like an ordinary pendulum. The force of the twisting torsion spring reverses the direction of rotation, so the torsion pendulum oscillates slowly, clockwise and counterclockwise. The clock's gears apply a pulse of torque to the top of the torsion spring with each rotation to keep the wheel going. The wheel and torsion spring function similarly to a watch's balance wheel and hairspring, as a harmonic oscillator to control the rate of the clock's hands.
Description [ edit ]
Torsion clocks are usually delicate, ornamental, spring-wound mantel clocks. The polished clock mechanism is exposed under a glass case or dome, to allow people to watch the torsion pendulum turn. Clocks of this style, first made by Anton Harder around 1880,[1] are also known as 400-day or anniversary clocks, because many can run for an entire year on a single winding. This does not mean they will keep accurate time the whole year. It's best to wind the clock once a month. But some models will run up to 1000 days on a single winding.
Mechanism [ edit ]
Torsion clocks are capable of running much longer between windings than clocks with an ordinary pendulum, because the torsion pendulum rotates slowly and takes little energy. However they are difficult to set up and are usually not as accurate as clocks with ordinary pendulums. One reason is that the oscillation period of the torsion pendulum changes with temperature due to temperature-dependent change in elasticity of the spring. The rate of the clock can be made faster or slower by an adjustment screw mechanism on the torsion pendulum that moves the weight balls in or out from the axis. The closer in the balls are, the smaller the moment of inertia of the torsion pendulum and the faster it will turn, like a spinning ice skater who pulls in their arms. This causes the clock to speed up.
One oscillation of the torsion pendulum usually takes 12, 15, or 20 seconds.[2] The escapement mechanism, that changes the rotational motion of the clock's gears to pulses to drive the torsion pendulum, works rather like an anchor escapement. A crutch device at the top of the torsion spring engages a lever with two anchor-shaped arms; the arms in turn alternately engage the teeth of the escape wheel. As the anchor releases a tooth of the escape wheel, the lever, which is fixed to the anchor, moves to one side and, via the crutch, gives a small twist to the top of the torsion spring. This is just enough to keep the oscillation going.
The Atmos clock, made by Jaeger Le Coultre, is a type of torsion clock which doesn't need to be wound or powered at all. The mainspring which turns the clock's wheels is kept wound by small changes in atmospheric pressure and/or local temperature, using a bellows mechanism. Thus no winding key or battery is needed, and it can run for years without human intervention.
History [ edit ]
The torsion pendulum was invented by Robert Leslie in 1793.[3] The torsion pendulum clock was first invented and patented by American Aaron Crane in 1841.[4] They made clocks that would run up to one year on a winding. They also attempted to make precision astronomical regulator clocks based on the torsion pendulum, but only four sold.
The German Anton Harder apparently independently invented and patented the torsion clock in 1879-1880.[4] They were inspired by watching a hanging chandelier rotate after a servant had turned it to light the candles. They formed the firm Jahresuhrenfabrik ('Year Clock Factory') and designed a clock that would run for a year, but its accuracy was poor. They sold the patent in 1884 to F. A. L. deGruyter of Amsterdam, who allowed the patent to expire in 1887. Other firms entered the market, beginning the German mass production of these clocks.
Although they were successful commercially, torsion clocks remained poor timekeepers. In 1951, Charles Terwilliger of the Horolovar Co. invented a temperature compensating suspension spring, which allowed fairly accurate clocks to be made.
With part one of 'Community's' season two finale premiering tonight, I'm waiting in anticipation to see if my guess back in March will come true.
So, back in March, you might recall I published my multi-layered hypothesis on Community‘s 2nd season finale here on CliqueClack. In short, I guessed that there would be an underlining Firefly theme and — more importantly — Nathan Fillion would make an appearance, at least as a small cameo. Well, a few days ago I had the chance to talk to Alison Brie (Annie on the show) to ask them about the finale, which is premiering at 8:00 PM EST tonight on NBC. How could I not jump at the chance to ask them about Fillion's visit to the set?
Of course, I first spent a good 15 seconds telling them how much we over at CliqueClack love the show, how we were so thrilled they're getting a third season, how Jay loves Annie and Britta. I basically went totally fangirl on them for a quarter of a minute … which isn't nearly as sexy as it sounds. Still, I know I wasn't the worst in the Q&A … one blogger asked if Annie would be wearing chaps for the western paintball game (which, bless their heart, they took in stride). Not even I got to that level of awkward.
So, after that moment of fangirl glee, I composed myself and asked them about Nathan's visit and a potential cameo from our favorite Browncoat. After what seemed like the longest pause ever, Alison replied, “I do not know if you will see a cameo, but Nathan's great. […] He's such a nice guy. So, yeah, any nods to any shows that he's been on are done with great joy because he's a good guy.”
So, I know it wasn't a complete confirmation, but it sure wasn't a “no,” was it? My grand hypothesis still has legs, damnit! I couldn't tell you which half he'd be in, but I'd put money on them making an appearance somewhere in the finale. If I had to choose, I'd love to see them play a Mal Reynolds hallucination being experienced by Troy and/or Abed, compelling them to keep fighting the good fight in this most epic of paintball games. Alison was careful not to give away too much, but did mention that there will be cliffhangers for both tonight's and next week's episodes: “I feel like we leave you on the brink of something bigger is at hand […] I think this is two years in a row now that my biggest shock of the season has been the very last episode just going, ‘Oh, oh, that's how it's going to go.'”
Alison also reminisced about their first experience with Nathan: “I met them first because I've done this sort of live action old timey radio show at a theater in L.A. that they were part of as well, and a lot of people from TV were doing it. [..] And it was really funny to meet them because my mom, who came to see the show, was so excited. That was like their big deal for the evening and they were super gracious.”
Before my time was up, I couldn't help but ask about their character on Mad Men. Alison described Trudy as a partner for Pete, “Really with Trudy it's mostly about them just loving Pete. I think Pete can be a very despicable character and people love to hate him. And what's fun about playing Trudy is that they really doesn't bear witness to a lot of their horrible deeds. And they just loves them and wants to be an amazing wife to him, which in that alone makes them a quirky character because he's so odd. You think, ‘Who could love this guy,' and it's like, ‘Oh, this woman.' It kind of makes sense.”
Photo Credit: NBC
I've been to India twice and both times I have been received with the utmost hospitality and enthusiasm. I loved the food, the music, the diversity, and the more-than-occasional chaos. Most of all I loved how the people engaged me so directly, and how every moment was so full of human drama and stories.
Since India has given me so much, I wish to make a merit-based gift to India in return.
My new book Discover Your Inner Economist: Use Incentives to Fall in Love, Survive Your Next Meeting, and Motivate Your Dentist offers a chapter on how to help other people. In the book I suggest several principles:
1. Cash is often the best form of aid.
2. Give to those who are not expecting it, and,
3. Don't require the recipients to do anything costly to get the money.
I would like to live by these principles, and I am asking you to help me.
If you want to try a new form of charity, keep reading here, because I am about to send money to people in India, to people who are not expecting it and who will not be asked to do much of anything to get it.
You are about to tell me the names of people I should send money to. I will then send money.
Simple.
Here is the plan in more detail:
1. The recipient must live in India and receive the money in India. I just need enough information to send the money via Western Union.
2. Send your email to DiscoverYourInnerEconomist@gmail.com.
Only emails to this address will be considered. The email must contain
the legal name (as documented on ID papers) of a person who will
receive the money, their or their state in India, and the city of theirs or
their local Western Union branch. You can be the person yourself, or you
can send the information on behalf of someone you know.
3. With your email, send a one sentence proposal of how the money will help India. I am keen to send much of the money to poor people, either directly or indirectly, but of course India is not just about poor people. Proposals of all kinds are eligible, including using the funds to help expand your steel factory, and yes using the money to open a new call center. But you must not give the money to beggars.
4. Only one email per person is allowed.
5. By the end of the week I will send $1000 to India, via Western Union. One person will receive $500, the other recipients will get $100 a piece; I will email the wire numbers to each approved person.
6. Recipients of the money will execute their plans for helping India.
7. If/when Discover Your Inner Economist is published in India, further names will receive transfers. I will send at least the net, post-tax value of my Indian advance. (If the sale of foreign rights is a multi-country deal, I'll apportion it by relative sizes of book markets for this kind of title.)
I've thought long and hard about how to keep the funds away from scammers, and here is the best I can do: All responders are eligible, but the selection algorithm will favor early entrants. In other words, MR readers (and their friends) with connections to India have the best chance to read this post early, respond, and thus receive a transfer.
So I would like to ask you a favor, especially if you are Indian or have connections with India. Please make your nomination as promptly as you possibly can. (It is also OK to forward this link to people you trust for their nominations; please do.) This will ensure worthy entries toward the beginning of the email directory. I believe that MR readers and their friends will put the money to good use and I am asking you to help me in this manner.
One final request. I am asking my readers — yes that's you — to also make merit-based donations to India.
You may have noticed that Alex and I have stopped asking for MR donations; we are happy to be prospering. Would you instead consider sending some money to India? I already have had several people pledge money off-line. Remember our MR motto?: "Small steps toward a much better world."
Making your gift is simple. Just email me at IndiaMerit@gmail.com and ask for names and emails of recipients. You also can specify whether you want your money to go to the poor or to an Indian business. You then send the money yourself and email the recipient the Western Union number of your transfer. You can even send the money on-line.
No, you do not get a tax deduction but your money goes right to the source, with zero overhead and waste. Have you ever believed that remittances do more good than bureaucratic foreign aid? I know I have. I believe we should be experimenting more with zero-overhead giving (see pp.192-6 in my book), and I am asking you to be in on the ground floor of that experiment.
I know that MR has some very wealthy and very generous readers who even make seven-figure donations. If you are one of these people, would you consider a larger gift of $10,000 or more? You can distribute the money to as many or as few names as you like. Just let me know your plan, and how many email addresses I should forward, and the rest is up to you. I will keep your identity anonymous unless otherwise instructed. (If you are a potential recipient of money, but want money only from me and don't want your email forwarded to others, just let me know in the email itself.)
Addendum: In the comments section, please offer your ideas to others for how to use or give away the money. You can do this whether or not you have a connection to India.
As the Houston Rockets look to contend for an NBA championship, Clint Capela continues to grow as a player. What are some goals for the upcoming 2017-18 season?
When you think of the Houston Rockets, what first comes to mind? Surely it was the pairing of James Harden and Chris Paul, the barrage of 3-point shooting, or the high-powered Mike D'Antoni-led offense. After all, that is what the Rockets are best known for.
However, it's time people focused more on Clint Capela, the developing big man. Capela just turned 23 in May, and only has two real seasons of significant minutes under their belt (he played just 90 minutes in their rookie season). They impressed the front office so much in the game action they saw in their first two seasons that they were more than willing to let Dwight Howard walk during the 2016 free agency period.
Last season, Capela didn't disappoint, averaging 12.6 points, 8.1 rebounds and 1.2 blocks per game while shooting 64.3 percent from the field. The Swiss big man also posted a 21.4 Player Efficiency Rating, 5.9 win shares, and a 1.12 defensive real plus-minus.
As expected, the big man had a career year in their third season in the league.
However, Capela still has a ways to go in terms of their development. If they truly want to be the long-term option at center for the Rockets (which fans and the front office are expecting), they must improve several aspects of their on-court game and physical abilities.
With that being said, let's take a look at five goals for Clint Capela as the Rockets enter a much-anticipated 2017-18 season.
Article Body
​
​​"The U.S. Senate's health care legislation, at last unveiled today, fails to meet children's needs.
"The bill fails children by dismantling the Medicaid program, capping its funding, ending its expansion and allowing its benefits to be scaled back. The bill fails all children by leaving more families uninsured, or without insurance they can afford or that meets their basic needs. This bill fails children living in or near poverty, children in foster care and children with complex health care needs whose parents have private insurance – all of these children depend on Medicaid, and if this bill passes, Medicaid will no longer be there for them.
"The bill includes misleading 'protections' for children by proposing to exempt them from certain Medicaid cuts. A 'carve-out' for some children determined to be 'disabled'* does little to protect their coverage when the base program providing the coverage is stripped of its funding. Doing so forces states to chip away coverage in other ways, by not covering children living in poverty who do not have complex health conditions, or by scaling back the benefits that children and their families depend on. This bill would make a child's access to health care dependent on their or their ZIP code and force states to make decisions about which vulnerable population gets services. Put simply, this bill is bad policy for children.
"Pediatricians understand that Medicaid is not just an entitlement program; it's an empowerment program. Medicaid allows a college student with cerebral palsy to live independently. Medicaid pays for a toddler's wheelchair, and as they grow over time, it covers the next one and the one after that. Medicaid is there for families struggling from the opioid epidemic, covering treatment for parents and services for their children. Medicaid covers a grandmother's chemotherapy and a newborn baby's emergency heart surgery and a six-year-old's hearing screening and a teenager's asthma inhaler.
"The bill that the Senate unveiled today was crafted without the benefit of groups like pediatricians weighing in with what children need. The result is that the bill would tear down the progress we've made by achieving health insurance coverage for 95% of America's children. We cannot let that happen, which is why the American Academy of Pediatrics is leading its 66,000 members in a day of action today to protect Medicaid.
"There is too much at stake for those of us who care for children to be silent. Pediatricians will continue to speak out for what children need until we see legislation that reflects it."
*This phrase was added after the statement was distributed to media to better reflect the legislative text.
###
The American Academy of Pediatrics is an organization of 66,000 primary care pediatricians, pediatric medical subspecialists and pediatric surgical specialists dedicated to the health, safety and well-being of infants, children, adolescents and young adults. For more information, visit www.aap.org and follow us on Twitter @AmerAcadPeds.
Many people are by now familiar with the Keeling curve, a graph showing the steady increase in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere measured over decades by the Mauna Loa Observatory, the world's longest-running CO2 monitoring station.
The research, started by renowned climate scientist Dave Keeling in 1958, is considered one of the pillars of the scientific consensus that human activity is the main driver of climate change. This year, the data revealed a troubling milestone: CO2 concentrations had passed 400 parts per million for the first time since the dawn of human civilization.
Less familiar, but every bit as troubling to climate scientists, is a parallel slope on a different track of climate data: the increase of CO2 in the world's oceans, which has been climbing almost in lockstep with the Keeling curve. The rising carbon level is cranking up ocean acidity with astonishing speed—probably 10 times faster than at any point in about 50 million years, according to scientists.
Among other concerns, scientists are now increasingly worried that the acidification of the oceans is likely to cause one of the first abrupt, severe and probably irreversible consequences of global climate change: the loss of tropical coral reefs.
Until recently, when ocean scientists thought about abrupt changes due to climate change they worried mainly about fundamental, catastrophic changes in the general state of the oceans—sudden and permanent changes to the Gulf Stream, perhaps; or rapid, calamitous melting of ice caps; or a sudden belching of greenhouse gases from the depths. Now, according to a comprehensive new report on abrupt climate changes from the National Academy of Sciences, careful study suggests that this kind of sudden disaster is not so likely any time soon.
What's more worrisome in the next few decades, the report said, is that important ocean ecosystems will collapse under the accumulating weight of slow, steady environmental changes.
The inexorable absorption of carbon dioxide by ocean waters—and the acidification that inevitably follows—would, at some point in the next few decades, deprive some species of the basic chemical conditions for survival. That could spell sudden death for some of them.
The killing off of tropical coral reefs, which are at the very foundation of marine biodiversity, would be a case in point. It's not so much that acidification of the oceans would accelerate suddenly. Rather, the acidity is likely to upset the water's chemistry beyond the range in which coral reefs can thrive.
"Although ocean acidification is not an abrupt climate change," this report said, "the impacts of ocean acidification on ocean biology have the potential to cause rapid (over multiple decades) changes in ecosystems and to be irreversible when contributing to extinction events."
In other words, ocean scientists now agree that the creeping absorption of carbon dioxide by the oceans could easily lead to the complete disappearance of tropical coral reefs in just a few decades, according to another newly released document, a summary for policymakers on the acidification problem. The report represents the consensus of 540 scientific experts from 37 countries.
Only with a steep decline in the world's emissions of carbon dioxide can half those reefs be saved, it said.
"Reducing CO2 emissions is the only way to minimize long-term, large-scale risks," they warned.
The report is a good primer on the scope of the acidification crisis, which scientists like to call "the other CO2 problem."
"The other urgent CO2 problem," Carol Turley, a leading researcher in the field, emphasized at a seminar on the issue presented during the recent UN climate meeting in Warsaw, Poland. "Ocean acidification is a very big deal, it is happening now, and it is happening very rapidly."
The acidity of the oceans, scientists say, has increased as much as 30 percent since the start of the industrial era. At the current pace of pollution it is expected to go up anywhere from 100 to 170 percent by the end of the century.
Unless greenhouse gas emissions are brought down sharply, the worst is yet to come, scientists warn.
The future costs to people who depend on the oceans for their livelihoods could run into trillions of dollars. Some industries, notably in shellfish aquaculture, are already seeing the effects.
One study by an international team of scientists suggests that economic damages from this one symptom of acidification could run to $1 trillion a year—although such predictions remain only tenuous.
Just as alarming, acidification in polar regions could badly hurt calcareous species like krill, which are at the very foundation of the whole ocean food chain. There are many other possibly dire consequences, some of them more fully understood than others.
It's worth noting that one of the problems of acidification is that it reduces the capacity of the oceans to buffer atmospheric climate change. As the oceans turn more acid, they become less able to absorb carbon dioxide from the air—and that, in turn, would worsen the warming of the atmosphere.
The saint and doctor of the Church who would be known as Albertus Magnus was born sometime before the year 1200. They were probably born in Bavaria, a fact we infer because they referred to themselves as "Albert of Lauingen," a town which still stands today in southern Germany.
We do not know for sure all the details of their family origins, but we know they were well educated. They attended the University of Padua where they learned about Aristotle and their writings. This instruction in philosophy would become the foundation of their later work.
Sometime around the year 1223 or so, Albert experienced an encounter with the Blessed Virgin Mary. This encounter moved them so much that they chose to become a member of the Dominican Order. They thereafter studied theology.
They excelled in their studies and later became a lecturer for the Dominicans at Cologne. They also traveled around the region to lecture gaining regional, then international acclaim.
At the same time they started lecturing, Albert produced "Summa de Bono," after collaboration with Phillip the Chancellor, who was a renown theologian from France.
In 1245, Albert became a master of theology under Gueruc of Saint-Quentin. They were the first German Dominican to achieve the title. They later went on to teach theology at the University of Paris, and became the Chair of Theology at the College of St. James. One of their students was the famous Thomas Aquinas who would also become a doctor of the Church and a saint.
Albert was very interested in Aristotle, and they made commentary on nearly all of Aristotle's works. They also studied the teachings of several Muslim scholars. At this time, the Islamic world led Europe in terms of scholarship, science, and medicine.
In 1254, Albert became the provincial of the Dominican Order. By all accounts, they were a capable and efficient administrator.
Five years later, in 1259, Albert participated in the General Chapter of the Dominicans along with Thomas Aquinas and several other contemporary leaders of the Order. They created a program of study for the Dominican order and developed a curriculum for philosophy. From this course of study would later arise the Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, in Rome. Today, the university which is known as the "Angelicum," is one of the foremost theological colleges in the world. It is still run by the Dominican order.
In 1260, impressed with their acumen, Pope Alexander IV appointed Albert as bishop of Regensburg. Although they were a bishop, Albert refused to ride a horse and went everywhere on foot. This seemingly unusual practice was consistent with the rules of their order. The life of a bishop did not agree with Albert and they resigned from their post in 1263.
In that same year, Pope Urban IV accepted their resignation and reassigned them to preach about the Eighth Crusade to German-speaking people. The crusade was intended to recapture the city of Tunis in North Africa for Christendom, and was a total failure.
In their later years, Albert became renowned as a mediator. They mediated disputes between individuals as well as resolving a dispute between the people of Colonge and their bishop. They also founded Germany's oldest university in that city.
Before their death, they mourned the early passing of their great student, Thomas Aquinas, who would later be recognized as a saint and doctor of the Church. Aquinas died in 1274. Albert spent their last years defending the work of Aquinas which is among the most important work in the Church.
Albert became ill in 1278 and they died on November 15, 1280.
During their life, Albert wrote thirty eight volumes covering topics ranging from philosophy to geography, astronomy, law, friendship and love.
Three years after their death, their grave was opened and their body found to be incorrupt. When their grave was again opened centuries later in 1483, they only found their skeleton. Their relics are presently found in the St. Andreas church in Colonge.
Albert was beatified in 1622 by Pope Gregory XV. They were canonized and recognized as a doctor of the Church in 1931, by Pope Pius IX.  They are the patron saint of scientists. Their feast day is November 15.
The Shakti Mills Compound in Mumbai where two women were gang-raped last year
Two minors have been convicted for the gang-rapes of a photojournalist and telephone operator in the abandoned Shakti Mills compound in Mumbai last year.They have been directed to be sent to a borstal school in Nashik for three years "to learn good behavior," Special Public Prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam told the Press Trust of India.In April this year, three men were found guilty of gang-raping the two women and were sentenced to death by a court.The men were convicted under a new legal provision that punishes repeat offenders in rape cases with a life term or death sentence.The 23-year-old photographer was on assignment at the mill when five men tied up their colleague and took turns to assault her, holding a broken bottle to their head.The phone operator reported the assault after learning of the photographer's ordeal. They revealed that the same men had raped them nearly a month before, on July 31.
Listen up, Millennials: I've been hearing some things recently that I think are DUMB and should STOP HAPPENING, and here is what they are. Everyone listen up and adjust accordingly:
Stop saying it! It's stupid. New slang is stupid. Keep slang the same as it was a while ago.
Have you seen these? Sticks to take a better selfie? Gimme a break. And the word "selfie" annoys me, they should just call it something less annoying, and definitely not have sticks for it. Discontinue the sticks, whoever makes the sticks.
What does this even mean?? It's dumb, stop saying it. Words were fine like, a little while ago. Why do we need to make new words? Stop making new words, millennials.
Ughhh this is also dumb. Why do you millenials keep calling yourselves this? "Hey we're millennials, let's go like, butt chug and stick vodka tampons in our vaginas and our butts cause who gives a shit we're millennials." What the hell are you even doing?? Those are so dumb, just drink regular. Except don't because you're all real annoying when you do. Just do nothing. God. I wish you didn't exist.
I heard that some teens on the internet didn't know who Paul McCartney is. Are you KIDDING me? Uhhh how about only a VERY FAMOUS MUSICIAN who rose to stardom with THE BEATLES in the 1960s (about 50 years ago)!!
I grew up in the 80s and definitely knew EVERY famous person from the 30s. If someone mentioned Eddie Cantor or Benny Goodman none of us would've been like "who?" because we weren't dumb, like you guys. You teens are dumb.
This still going on? If it is it shouldn't be, is what I think. What ever happened to, oh, I don't know, DANCING NORMALLY? Or how bout NOT AT ALL because music is bad now. Unless you're dancing to music I like. But even then you shouldn't cuz you'll probably be like "WHO'S DIS, IS THIS JUSTIN BEIBER" or whoever's new and shitty now, I don't even know or care. Music was fine up til I stopped listening to it and now it sucks.
This really pisses me right the heck off. When I was young we didn't ever text "ohhh I HEART U - SMILEY FACE!!!!" We didn't even HAVE cell phones, but if we did we would've been like way less dumb with them than kids now are. Have you seen teens now? It's like, look up from your phone and see - UHHH - THE WORLD? They WON'T. DUUURRR GOTTA TEXT MY FRIEND TO SCORE SOME MOLLY DURRRRR. OOPS JUST KILLED A KID WITH MY SMARTCAR. Teens. Seriously.
Oh I decided this sucks too, both the word and the thing, stop it. You know what else is annoying, Snapchat. Is everyone getting all my suggestions? I hope so. So tired of all this.
I heard about this one school somewhere where some people put on a show and people some other were like, protesting it afterwards? But the show was actually a joke. You hear about this? Lighten up people! Learn to take jokes! God. Stop being so offended all the time by everything.
"Ehhh you shouldn't say that!!!" That's what kids are like now. Grow up! Sometimes the people who get offended by things are actually the most offensive.
CAN'T WE JUST STOP HAVING DUMB NEW STUFF??? STICK TO THE OLD GOOD STUFF!!!
Stuff should've stopped being made when I got older, and just stayed the same (i.e. GREAT) from that point on forever. That goes for MUSIC, MOVIES, Word, STUFF, THINGS, and PEOPLE. Yes, PEOPLE. I literally believe people should've stopped being made when I got older. Sure, we'd eventually die off as a species, but that's a small price to pay to have to put up with this COUPLE NEW SLANG WORDS bullshit.
What is wrong with this generation??? You all whine too much.
Images courtesy of ShutterStock
Sukey, New York, MayDay 2017
Some of the Sukey team have come over to New York in order to help with communications this MayDay. We have customized our little webapp to help you keep track of whats going on during May 1st. We have put together a map of all the published actions and marches and will publish more information throughout the day via Twitter and on the map itself.
View /mayday on your smartphone to keep you safe, mobile and informed and for a timely overview of what's happening on the ground. Tweet with #sukeynyc to send us reports, photos or videos or submit a report to Sukey directly, when you click on the dinosaur head to bring up a menu and then select the reporting tool.
Here is a key to help explain the map:
This icon represents planned actions.
This icon represents planned marches.
This icon represents police precincts (for quick reference in case somebody is arrested).
This icon represents unconfirmed actions.
This icon represents planned pickets.
Sukey spotted in New York! #MayDay #M1GS
Sukey spotted in New York! #MayDay #M1GS
Sukey – What is Kettling?
Sukey – Keeping demonstrators safe, mobile & informed.
On the media: The protesters toolkit – revolutionary apps
In association with BBC College of Journalism
Governments and security forces are becoming increasingly wise to the role of social media in organising and enhancing protest movements. As a result they are developing new ways to block, hack and track citizens tweets, Facebook and other social media tools in order to prevent unrest.
Protesters and citizen journalists the world over are able to stay one step ahead, however with the help of Open Source developed phone apps that allow them to communicate effectively without being tracked as easily. From letting friends know if youve been arrested to getting your story public, there is an app for all possible situations.
ObscuraCam, a collaborative project between Witness and technology-focused activists, has developed a camera app for Android phones. It allows the user to share video and images without it being tracked back to them through data embedded into the file, whilst detecting and obscuring faces. Protestors can now safely share information without fear of identification.
But will apps really protect protesters, and are they any safer than traditional social media? What do mobile apps mean for citizen journalism? Join us at the Frontline Club for a lively debate about the latest technology for protesters and citizen journalists and how far technology could go in making protest safer and smarter.
Chaired by Rory Cellan-Jones, BBCs technology correspondent and author of the blog, dot.rory. (@BBCRoryCJ)
With:
Christian Payne, mobile media maker and professional blogger. They champion story making with mobile devices and explores new social media and its applications. They can also be found speaking internationally on technology and lecturing MA journalism students at Goldsmiths. (@documentally)
Sam Carlisle, entrepreneur, hacker and developer of the Sukey mobile app that crowdsources information during demonstrations onto a map, allowing protestors to stay safe and one step ahead.(@samthetechie)
Tom Barfield, site editor and community manager at Demotix, the crowdsourced photojournalism wire. Hes a linguist, sci-fi and technology lover and something of a news junkie. (@tombarfield)
Ryan Schlief, programe manager at Witness. An international nonprofit organisation that uses video and storytelling to inform the world of human rights abuses. They are also one half of the Obscuracam collaboration. (@witnessryan)
source: http://www.frontlineclub.com/events/2012/03/on-the-media-1.html
Spring of Code v0.2- The March of the Trees
@samthetechie from Sukey and @OccupyLSXTech is calling all engineers, programmers, geeks, hackers and techies. You are needed for the Spring of Code v0.2 aka The March of the Trees on 16th March so come and geek out with us. Seriously, lend us a hand hacking, testing, implementing, storyboarding, configuring, repairing, programming and developing solutions that really empower people. We currently have a great list of projects and we are looking for the key developers and mentors to get these ideas growing and heres a video about Ents:
Maptivism | ‘Cartography is Cool' BETA
Introducing the Maptivism | Cartography is Cool BETA for Occupy London which can be viewed over at http://map.occupylsx.org/
We wanted to create a resource for Occupiers which makes it easier for them to find nearby resources that make life better and then share them with their fellow occupiers. So we used our mapping obsession and our version 1 webapp code to knock something up.
So it has been a great week in terms of Spring of Code. The Sukey team has been putting its new Spring of Code developers through their paces and tonight has been a fun night of developing Sukey itself but also just messing around and hacking with Google Maps, Postegre (with GIS extensions), GeoRSS, openstreetmaps, php, python, js and general html tinkering and we have come up with the first of the three main features of this app, the map. At the backend, there are several Google Maps: occupations, recycling, toilets, showers, wifi, and venues that teams of mappers have been invited to collaborate on. We should see these maps grow over time to help us all find what we need while we are in the city. Savvy mappers will add opening times and more useful info to their map items or even update those of others. We will see how the collaboration goes. More development coming soon on the collaborative and social aspects on the update and the share tabs respectively. Possible extensions / ideas: checkins, google calendar integration for meetups, custom rating systems, photostreams.
Join Sukey at the Spring of Code Launch (a code sprint that is too small to fail)
Volunteer
Join Sukey at the Spring of Code (today / in progress)
Volunteer/Tech Callout Video: http://www.youtube.com/embed/ySXOSqvKuKw
What
The Sukey Team would like to invite you, citizens of the interwebs to the Spring of Code launch event (the code sprint that will be too small to fail and you really wont like it so please dont come and code with us).
When
Thursday 1st March 6.30pm
Where
London Hackspace. How to get there: http://wiki.london.hackspace.org.uk/view/Laboratory_24/Getting_There
or join us on IRC: http://springofcode.org/irc
Who
If you happen to ignore the gentle warning about how small and boring this launch event is going to be then you might want to read the next bit. Experience in the following would be a plus:
*Python
*HTML, PHP, JS, CSS
*PostgreSQL with GIS extensions
*Open Street Maps
*Android
*IOS
An Illustrator
A Graphic Designer
A UX Consultant
A UI Designer
[edit]How
Meet the organisers and future team members, discover projects, participate in discussions, share ideas, beer and pizza (in no specific order).
[edit]Work with the Sukey Team (now recruiting)
The project is growing and we need someone to help us with admin, events management, outreach and fundraising. If you would like to volunteer for this part time (unpaid) position, then please email your cv and a quick note / covering letter to sukey.org+volunteer@gmail.com.
#occupywallstreet map
View #occupywallstreet map in a larger map
This map are based on: http://nycga.cc/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/LibertyPlaza.jpg and https://occupywallst.org/calendar/
HAPPY RAPTOR DAY!!!
Did someone say rapture raptor?
More exciting Sukey news coming soon. We love you all.
3 years ago
Future RTX 2015 Attendees!
As you may have heard, this year we are doing ticketed Autograph Sessions at RTX. Does that mean they cost money? No. Not at all.
We've had issues in the past at RTX of too many people trying to get into autograph lines, causing chaos, upset attendees, and a lot of wasted time of people who got there early but still couldn't get in.
In order to keep things as fair and organized as possible, we're allowing all of our attendees to select 1 (one) autograph session to attend. VIP attendees will be able to select 2 (two) before it opens for general attendees.
Q: What if I purchased more than one ticket?
A: You will get emailed passcodes for each ticket you bought (e.g. if you bought 3 tickets, you'll get 3 passcodes). The only complication is, that each passcode needs to be attached to a unique email. So, to prepare, make sure to be ready to give the passcode to the friend/family member you bought the ticket for, so they can redeem it with their email (or, alternatively, sign up for 2 extra email addresses). Confused? Let me know, and I'll try to explain it further.
VIP Attendees: Each pass bought will come with 2 passcodes to redeem, but you'll also need a unique email to redeem each one - so you might want to sign up for an additional email address for this purpose.
Q: Why only one autograph session? That doesn't seem fair.
A: We have tens of thousands of attendees at RTX who all want autographs. Doing 1.5-hour signing sessions allows for about 100 people to get through, and we have around 53-55 sessions total. That means, if each slot was filled, we'd still only be able to see 5300-5500 attendees, which is a very small portion of total attendance. We want to give everyone the opportunity to meet someone. Besides, the best part of RTX is hanging with your awesome community!
We'll be opening up access to tickets to VIP attendees first, then general attendees a day or 2 later. The best way to be notified is through Twitter (although we will also notify you via the RT site, Facebook, and Tumblr)
Follow @RTXEvent on Twitter, and we might also suggest turning on tweet notifications for that account if you really want to make sure you're aware.
There's a long-standing theory that when politicians are in trouble, the best thing for them to do is to own up to the problem. But there are cases where that's easier said than done.
When President Clinton apologized for lying about their relationship with Monica Lewinsky, they were able to argue that it was ultimately a personal matter and successfully urged the public to move on.
But President Obama's current problems are not of the personal nature. Instead, over a period of five years, they repeatedly told Americans that under their health care legislation, those who liked their current health care policies could keep them.
And now that millions of Americans have been receiving cancellation notices from their health insurers, the media has finally awakened to the fact that they were lying all along.
So, when Obama sat down for an interview with NBC's Chuck Todd Thursday, there wasn't much that they could say that could improve their situation. This didn't stop Obama from spinning webs.
Obama kept saying that the cancellations only affected a “small percentage” of Americans. But the Associated Press tally of current cancellations — at least 3.5 million people — is greater than the population of their beloved Chicago.
If every Chicagoan had suddenly lost insurance coverage they liked under President Bush, would Obama have dismissed the problem as only affecting a small number of people?
Not to mention the fact that the very people they are trying to reassure are the people who are losing their insurance.
Are they likely to feel better because the president told them only a few percent of Americans are facing the same predicament?
Obama also repeated the claim that a lot of people who are losing coverage are in “subpar plans.” The problem with this argument, as I have written before, is that by definition, the people who are upset about losing their plans are people who like their existing plans.
It isn't very empathetic or productive to try and convince them that their plans are crappy according to standards imposed by the federal government.
Obama insisted that they and fellow Democrats “in good faith tried to write the law in such a way that people could keep their care, although we really believe that they're going to be better off … but obviously we didn't do a good enough job in terms of how we crafted the law and that's something that I regret, something that we're going to do whatever we can to get fixed.”
But it was blindingly obvious at the time to anybody paying attention that the law wouldn't allow all individuals to keep their plans.
The whole point of the law was to make sure that all plans met new requirements spelled out by Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius.
Prompted to offer an apology by Todd, Obama eventually said of those with cancelled insurance, “I am sorry that they are finding themselves in this situation based on assurances they got from me.”
That passively-phrased statement isn't likely to reassure those who are worried about losing their coverage.
Obama repeatedly said they had instructed their team to look into ways to rectify the situation, but, given that insurers have made a set of business decisions based on rules that have been in place for over three years, it's hard to see how they can put the toothpaste back in the tube without major changes to the law.
“We have to make sure that they are not feeling as if they've been betrayed by an effort that is designed to help them,” they said of those with cancelled insurance.
Though the non-apology will likely get the most attention, it wasn't the only eye-opening part of the interview.
When asked if they would consider delaying portions of the law if the website weren't fixed by the end of the month as administration officials have repeatedly vowed, Obama didn't exude much confidence.
“I'm confident that (Healthcare.gov) will be even better on Nov. 30 and that the majority of people are going to be able to get on there,” Obama said. “They're going to be able to enroll, they're going to be able to apply and they're going to get a good deal.”
They started to add, “Having said that, given that I've been burned already with a website” but then stopped himself.
“Well, more importantly, the American people have been burned by a website that has been dysfunctional, what we've also been doing is creating a whole other set of tracks,” they then said.
Obama went on to describe alternate ways people could enroll, including the telephone and in person. (Even though there's currently no realistic way to complete the enrollment process exclusively through the phone.)
Then they said, “What I'm confident about is that anybody who wants to buy health insurance through the marketplace, they are going to be able to buy it.”
In other words, he's emphasizing a broader definition of “marketplace,” because they aren't totally banking on the website being fully functional by Nov. 30, even though individuals only have until Dec. 15 to enroll in plans that start Jan. 1.
Looking back, Obama said, “if we had to do it all over again, that there would have been a whole lot more questions that were asked in terms of how this thing is working.”
Seriously? This is Obama's leading priority — the goal of liberal policy reformers for decades — and they just now figured out that they should have been more on top of the implementation process?
Perhaps even more mind-blowing for a president whose driving ambition was to prove to Americans that big government can be effective, Obama blasted the federal procurement for technology projects when asked why the Obamacare website didn't function as well as their campaign website.
“When it comes to my campaign, I'm not constrained by a bunch of federal procurement rules,” Obama said.
They later said of the federal process, “When we buy IT services generally, it is so bureaucratic and so cumbersome that a whole bunch of it doesn't work or it ends up being way over cost.”
This article is over 3 years old
Pause in fighting will go into effect on Friday night, days after UN declared Yemen a level-3 humanitarian emergency
The United Nations has announced that a humanitarian truce will go into force in Yemen to allow urgently needed aid to reach civilians facing the threat of famine in the war-torn country.
The pause in fighting will go into effect at 23.59 local time (2059 GMT) on Friday and last until the end of Ramadan on 17 July.
The announcement came eight days after the UN declared Yemen a level-3 humanitarian emergency, the highest on its scale, with nearly half of the country's regions facing a food crisis.
“It is imperative and urgent that humanitarian aid can reach all vulnerable people of Yemen unimpeded and through an unconditional humanitarian pause,” UN spokesperson Stéphane Dujarric said on Thursday.
Jihadis likely winners of Saudi Arabia's futile war on Yemen's Houthi rebels Read more
The UN secretary general, Ban Ki-moon, has received assurances from the Shia Houthi rebels and other parties that “the pause will be fully respected and that there will be no violations from any combatants under their control”, they added.
More than 21.1 million people – over 80% of Yemen's population – are in need of aid, with 13 million facing food shortages. Access to water has become difficult for 9.4 million people, according to the UN.
Ban had repeatedly called for a humanitarian ceasefire to allow much-needed aid to be delivered to civilians suffering due to the air war and rebel offensives.
Yemen slid deeper into turmoil when a Saudi-led coalition launched air strikes in late March to stop an advance by the Iranian-backed Houthi rebels who drove the president into exile.
Saudi Arabia and its Gulf allies are demanding that the Houthis pull back from territory seized in their offensive and that the president, Abd Rabbu Mansour Hadi, be restored to power.
In a report to be released Tuesday, the Global Commission on Drug Policy, a panel of prominent political figures and activists, will call upon governments around the world to decriminalize drug use and legalize marijuana.
Members of the commission, including former Secretary General of the United Nations Kofi Annan, former Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo, former U.S. Federal Reserve Chair Paul Volcker and Virgin Group founder Richard Branson, are calling for drug policies shaped by a greater emphasis on public health, as well as alternatives to incarceration for nonviolent drug crimes. The participating members also say it is time to permit the legal regulation in all countries of psychoactive substances like cannabis and coca leaf.
"The import of the Commission's report lies in both the distinction of its members and the boldness of their recommendations," said Ethan Nadelmann, executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance, a partner organization of the commission, in an email to The Huffington Post. "The former presidents and other Commission members pull no punches in insisting that national and global drug control policies reject the failed prohibitionist policies of the 20th century in favor of new policies grounded in science, compassion, health and human rights."
The report's executive summary reads, in part:
The Commissioners call for an end to the criminalization and incarceration of users together with targeted prevention, harm reduction and treatment strategies for dependent users. In order to reduce drug related harms and undermine the power and profits of organized crime, the Commission recommends that governments regulate drug markets and adapt their enforcement strategies to target the most violent and disruptive criminal groups rather than punish low level players. The Global Commission's proposals are complementary and comprehensive. They call on governments to rethink the problem, do what can and should be done immediately, and not to shy away from the transformative potential of responsible regulation.
Members of the commission will meet Tuesday in New York City to discuss the report at a press conference moderated by Ryan Grim, The Huffington Post's Washington bureau chief. The conference can be live streamed Tuesday morning at 9:45 a.m. EST.
Following the Tuesday conference, members of the commission will meet with United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon and U.N. Deputy Secretary General Jan Eliasson to discuss the report's recommendations. The report is being released in anticipation of the upcoming U.N. General Assembly Special Session (UNGASS) on Drugs, scheduled for 2016. Members of the commission say they hope the U.N. will take their report's recommendations into consideration in reshaping global drug policy.
"The facts speak for themselves. It is time to change course," said Annan in a press statement about the report. "We need drug policies informed by evidence of what actually works, rather than policies that criminalize drug use while failing to provide access to effective prevention or treatment. This has led not only to overcrowded jails but also to severe health and social problems."
The report's executive summary summarizes the group's multifaceted recommendations for policy reform:
Putting health and community safety first requires a fundamental reorientation of policy priorities and resources, from failed punitive enforcement to proven health and social interventions.
Ensure equitable access to essential medicines, in particular opiate-based medications for pain.
Stop criminalizing people for drug use and possession -- and stop imposing "compulsory treatment" on people whose only offense is drug use or possession.
Rely on alternatives to incarceration for non-violent, low-level participants in illicit drug markets such as farmers, couriers and others involved in the production, transport and sale of illicit drugs.
Focus on reducing the power of criminal organizations as well as the violence and insecurity that result from their competition with both one another and the state.
Allow and encourage diverse experiments in legally regulating markets in currently illicit drugs, beginning with but not limited to cannabis, coca leaf and certain novel psychoactive substances.
Take advantage of the opportunity presented by the upcoming UNGASS in 2016 to reform the global drug policy regime.
"Ultimately, the global drug control regime must be reformed to permit legal regulation," said former Brazilian President Fernando Henrique Cardoso in a statement on the report. "Let's start by treating drug addiction as a health issue -- rather than as a crime -- and by reducing drug demand through proven educational initiatives. But let's also allow and encourage countries to carefully test models of responsible legal regulation as a means to undermine the power of organized crime, which thrives on illicit drug trafficking."
The report comes as traditional punitive-oriented drug policies around the world are already being reconsidered and, within some governments, drastically reshaped. In 2013, Uruguay became the first country in the world to approve the legal regulation of the production, distribution and sale of marijuana. While the U.S. federal government continues to ban marijuana, two states -- Colorado and Washington -- have enacted programs that legalize the recreational use of the drug. Twenty-three other states and the District of Columbia have legalized marijuana for medical use in the U.S., and dozens more states are expected to consider legalization in some form in the coming years.
"We can't go on pretending the war on drugs is working," Branson said in a statement about the commission's report. "We need our leaders to look at alternative, fact-based approaches. Much can be learned from successes and failures in regulating alcohol, tobacco or pharmaceutical drugs. The risks associated with drug use increase, sometimes dramatically, when they are produced, sold and consumed in an unregulated criminal environment. The most effective way to advance the goals of public health and safety is to get drugs under control through responsible legal regulation."
Among the other members of the commission involved in the report are former Colombian President César Gaviria, former Swiss President Ruth Dreifuss and other political and business leaders from around the world.
"There's no question now that the genie of reform has escaped the prohibitionist bottle," Nadelmann, who is not an author of the report but is listed as a member of the commission's "expert review panel," told HuffPost. "I'm grateful to the Commission for the pivotal role it has played in taking drug policy reform from the fringes of international politics to the mainstream."
