The After Tarot shows what might have happened next in each scene in the 78 Rider-Waite cards. The illustrations are an close reproduction of Pamela Colman-Smith's original artistic style. It's a very creative concept, and a companion deck to the Tarot of the New Vision .
While it is always worthwhile to challenge institutions and test their veracity, ultimately those which remain and succeed do so because they are valid or speak to a fundamental human need. Some tarot decks enjoy momentary success while others fall from favour due to changing trends, or because they become passé. Decks such as the Rider-Waite-Smith and some of its 'children' such as the Aquarian Tarot and the Morgan-Greer Tarot have remained in print because they are essentially timeless. It is always a dicey proposition then, to meddle with a well loved institution – in this case the foundation tarot deck by Pamela Colman-Smith and Arthur Edward Waite.
The After Tarot is based on the idea that the Seeker or viewer is seeing the moment after the image depicted in the Rider-Waite-S... read more reviews.
The views and opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect those of the Forward.
Amanda Botfeld is a research associate at The Israel Project. Them work has been published in the Wall Street Journal, Huffington Post, and Los Angeles Times.
JLIC / Facebook Share
Pinterest
Email
Back when I was serving as editor of my college Jewish newspaper, one of our staff members wrote an article about making the Alpha Epsilon Pi (AEPI) Jewish fraternity more Jewish – namely through increased religious observance. Frat brothers celebrating Jewish holidays, attending Shabbat services, and wrapping tefillin were the obvious ways by which to cement Jewish identity, they wrote.
Our faculty advisor told us this view was misguided.
“Being Jewish used to be like being Italian,” they counseled. “It was a kind of food, a way of speaking, a language. A culture. Religion was only part of a broader way of life.”
American Jews seem to agree—at least for now. According to a recently released study by the Jewish People Policy Institute (JPPI), “peoplehood” and “culture” trump “religion” and “ancestry” as the main components of Jewishness. Only 15% of non-Orthodox Jewish Americans regard Jewish identity squarely as a matter of religion. “Taking care of other Jews and Israel,” “working to better the world,” and “being part of a Jewishly inspired group” all ranked as higher fundamentals to Jewishness than studying Jewish texts or keeping the laws of Torah.
Yet these findings should also be taken with a grain of salt: while the results are clear for the current members of American Jewry, future generations may be thinking differently.
First, there are the Orthodox Jews. Nearly half of the Orthodox population surveyed by JPPI based their Jewishness on religion — about 3 times more than their non-Orthodox peers. Given the sweeping tides of assimilation, intermarriage, and decline in affiliation among Reform and Conservative communities, Orthodox Jews will play an outsized role in shaping Jewish identity in years to come, and may do so sooner than one would think.
The population of Orthodox Jews is growing by 5,000 per year, but the non-Orthodox Jew population is shrinking by 10,000 per year. 60% of Jewish children in New York live in Orthodox homes. Donations to Jewish Federations, membership in Reform and Conservative synagogues, and contributions to other Jewish support systems are all waning, meaning this trend may even accelerate. Numbers of non-Orthodox Jews are already decreasing with these institutions in place — imagine the speed of their decline without them.
Second, and to my newspaper colleague's point, young American Jews may assume finding Judaism is about finding religion. The younger someone was, the less likely they were to rate the highest score of “5” (on a 1-5 scale) for Peoplehood/Nationality as a primary component of Jewishness. That number dips all the way down to 25% among 18-19 year-olds — half the percentage of those in their grandparents' generation. For young Jews, simply being a “member of the tribe” doesn't seem to carry its usual pull.
As Jewish daily life becomes less concentrated and more diffuse, it only makes sense that views of Judaism would narrow, and young Jews would see religion as their only avenue towards Jewishness. But to borrow from my former faculty advisor, that perception is incorrect.
This story "Older Jews Say Culture, Not Torah, Defines Judaism — Younger Jews Say Otherwise." was written by Amanda Botfeld.
Twitter CEO Dick Costolo Getty / Steve Jennings Of Twitter's 284 million users, 24 million are just machines — apps or pieces of software — that ping Twitter's platform automatically "with no discernable user action involved," according to the company's disclosures to the SEC.
The fact that 8.5% of Twitter's "users" are not actually doing anything on the platform might be a problem. Business Insider has reported before that as many as 741 million people have opened a Twitter account and then abandoned it, and that a majority of Twitter users don't tweet in any given month. Twitter's stock price has been driven down to around $38 from a high of $55 in October last year in large part because its user growth hasn't been that strong, especially in comparison to Facebook.
Twitter doesn't see it that way of course. "These are real users who created Twitter accounts with real usernames and passwords, receiving Twitter content through third-party applications," a spokesperson tells us.
Twitter actually wants to build an ecosystem of people who plug their apps into Twitter. It makes Twitter more useful to everybody. And users who engage with Twitter via social media dashboards like Tweetdeck or Hootsuite are — in theory — heavier users of Twitter than those who tweet directly from the app.
In fact, 11.5% of all Twitter users connect to Twitter from third-party apps or software, the company says.
The Twitter spokesperson gave us this example: "HTC phones come with software called Blinkfeed that pulls social content from a variety of sources and presents it in one central spot via an app and widget. The user, though, first has to authenticate these services to pull from these feeds automatically."
But within that 11.5% are the 24 million — 8.5% — who, having connected, don't do anything except, at best, passively receive info.
Back in 2013, Twitter said that it expected the proportion of users it counted via apps that passively pinged the platform would decline over time. But the population of people who do "no discernable user action" on Twitter grew instead. Here's a chart, in millions, of their presence since Twitter first filed to go public, according to Twitter's SEC forms:
BI / SEC
In Q2 2014, Twitter changed how it describes "monthly active users" (MAUs) who engage with Twitter via third-party apps. That's why there appears to be a sudden decline in inactive "active" users in that period. (Lara O'Reilly reported the change back in August.)
Previously, Twitter had defined that type of usage as coming from "mobile applications that automatically contact our servers for regular updates with no user action involved" (emphasis added). That language, however, understates the activity of users who use Twitter apps heavily. The new language gives two numbers: The MAUs coming from all third-party apps (11.5%); and within those, the users coming from third-party apps where Twitter cannot detect them actually doing anything (8.5%). The new language says those apps "may have automatically contacted our servers for regular updates without any discernable additional user-initiated action."
The chart above, therefore, shows the growth of users who, under Twitter's changing definition, may not have taken any action on the platform in a given month.
The chart goes some way to explaining the confusion among some observers as to why Twitter showed better-than-expected MAU growth in Q2 2014. At that time, Business Insider reported that some sources, who were trying to count users on Twitter via the application program interface (API) access the company gives to software developers, expected MAU growth to be soft. While those sources were not able to see directly the numbers that Twitter counts as MAUs, they derived an estimate of MAUs based on platform activity by users. In the event, Twitter had a breakout quarter and MAUs increased to 271 million, ahead of expectations. (Twitter then kicked out any developers who were publishing MAU estimates based on their API access.)
Some observers believed the World Cup — which was split across Q2 and Q3 — helped boost users. CEO Dick Costolo denied that was the case, arguing that the World Cup increased engagement but not MAU growth.
The changing definition of what a user is — and the fact that an "MAU" now includes accounts that connect passively to Twitter "without any discernable additional user-initiated action" — goes some way to explaining why those sources under-estimated Twitter's MAU growth. It's difficult to see users who aren't doing anything active on the platform.
This next chart shows Twitter's total reported MAUs (blue) in millions with MAUs minus those who didn't do any discernable action (red).
BI
It indicates that in Q2, when Twitter gave analysts a positive surprise by recording 271 million users, only about 248 million of them did an overt action that Twitter could detect. That number is much closer to the 260 million MAUs Business Insider's sources predicted.
In Q3 2014, Twitter reported 284 million MAUS, of which only 260 million made an overt action that Twitter could detect.
Twitter reports its Q4 2014 numbers on Feb. 5. That report will update MAU growth and, crucially, analysts will be looking to see if Twitter can continue its MAU growth without the World Cup.
Disclosure: The author owns Twitter stock.
Scientists carrying out a population and species survey using electrofishing equipment Electrofishing uses direct current electricity flowing between a submerged cathode and anode. This affects the movement of the fish so that they swim toward the anode, where they can be caught.[1] Electrofishing is a common scientific survey method used to sample fish populations to determine abundance, density, and species composition. When performed correctly, electrofishing results in no permanent harm to fish, which return to their natural state in as little as two minutes after being caught.[1] Contents
Method Edit
Electrofishing relies on two electrodes which deliver direct current at high-voltage from the anode to the cathode through the water. When a fish encounters a large enough potential gradient on this path, it becomes affected by the electricity. Usually pulsed direct current (DC) is applied, which causes galvanotaxis in the fish. Galvanotaxis is uncontrolled muscular convulsion that results in the fish swimming toward the anode. At least two people are required for an effective electrofishing crew: one to operate the anode, and the other to catch the stunned fish with a dip net.
Types Edit
Electrofishing by boat There are three types of electrofishers: backpack models, tote barge models, and boat mounted models, sometimes called a stunboat. Backpack electrofisher generators are either battery or gas powered. They employ a transformer to pulse the current before it is delivered into the water. The anode is located at the end of a long, 2 meter poles and is usually in the form of a ring. The cathode is a long, 3 meter braided steel cable that trails behind the operator. The electrofisher is operated by a deadman's switch on the anode pole. There are a number of safety features built into newer backpack models, such as audible speakers that sound when the unit is operating, tilt-switches that incapacitate the electrofisher if the backpack is tilted more than 45 degrees, and quick-release straps to enable the user to quickly remove the electrofisher in the event of some emergency. When boat electrofishing, the boat itself is the cathode, and the anode(s) are generally mounted off the bow. The stunned fish swim toward the anode, where they are caught alive using a dip net.[2] Towed barge electrofishers operate similarly to backpack electrofishers, with the exception that the generator is located on a floating barge instead of on a backpack. Often the barge can be left stationary on the shore and longer cathodes and anodes allow the crew to sample large areas. Barge electrofishers often employ gas-powered generators since a user does not have to carry the extra weight on their or their back. A method of electrofishing using illegally diverted electricity from overhead electric lines is prevalent in parts of the Indian State of Kerala. This can result in accidental deaths due to electrocution.[3]
Effectiveness Edit
The effectiveness of electrofishing is influenced by a variety of biological, technical, logistical, and environmental factors. The catch is often selectively biased as to fish size and species composition. When using pulsed DC for fishing, the pulse rate and the intensity of the electric field strongly influence the size and nature of the catch. The conductivity of the water influences the shape and extent of the electric field and thus affects the field's ability to induce capture-prone behavior in the fish. It can also cause injury to the fish. The electricity causes muscle spasms that damage the vertebrae. For unknown reasons,[4] this is more common and severe in longer fish.[5]
Legality Edit
While electrofishing is used by multiple government agencies it may be illegal to use it as a form of recreational fishing. This method can be considered poaching. For example, in Florida, it is illegal statewide as recreational use.
See also Edit
Notes Edit
A national day of action against fossil fuel is underway, with hundreds of protesters at Newcastle calling on the federal government to make the switch to renewable energy.
The organiser of the Break Free event, 350.org, said protesters would kayak into the port of Newcastle in an attempt to stop coal ships from moving through the area.
A flotilla of kayaks is due to occupy the water from 11am. Green's Leader Richard Di Natale is expected to make an address at Horseshoe Beach around midday.
The group said one protester had been arrested after occupying the anchor chain of the coal ship Tangerine Island.
NSW police said 4 people had been arrested so far and that an inflatable boat had been seized.
How many police does it take to remove one climber? #breakfree2016 @350Australia pic.twitter.com/cQhiFzkNPi — sarah yates (@sarahsalmonxfac) May 7, 2016
Protester Laura Hogan said they were taking part in the protest to stop the export of coal.
“The need to act is urgent," they said.
"Today we come together as diverse communities of people to demonstrate real leadership and real action. My actions today are driven by my determination to see an immediate shift to a renewable energy future.”
Australian environmentalists are taking part in the protest as a show of global solidarity against fossil fuels.
Civil disobedience is also planned in the United States, UK, Canada, the Philippines and many other nations.
Getting ready for Australia #breakfree2016 beautiful start to the day! pic.twitter.com/QBIwuTVUuM — Michelle Wong (@taisuntaihoi) May 7, 2016
Blockade of Newcastle Harbour, home of the Hunter Estuary Ramsar Site and biggest coal port #breakfree2016 pic.twitter.com/AOjwzWjYyJ — WWN (@worldwetnet) May 7, 2016
Last month, Fairfax Media reported police expected more that 400 people to sail in to the port on Sunday and that it was "impossible to hire a kayak between Gosford and Port Stephens" ahead of the event.
Larry Correia (born 1977) is an American fantasy novelist, known for their Monster Hunter and Grimnoir Chronicles series. In 2014 and 2015 Correia was one of the leaders of the Sad Puppies campaign to nominate works for the Hugo Award that they believed were more popular but often unfairly passed over by voters in favor of more literary works or stories with progressive political themes.
Early years [ edit ]
Correia grew up in California working on their Portuguese father's dairy farm until their mid-teens, when their family moved to Utah. They stayed in California for about a year before joining their family in Utah. While attending Utah State University, Correia joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and served a two-year mission in Alabama.[1]
After returning home from their mission, they got married before graduating with an accounting degree. After working as an accountant for several years, Correia opened a gun store with business partners while continuing work as an accountant. They also started working as a firearms instructor and a CCW instructor.[2] In 2013 they began working as a writer full-time.[1]
Writing career [ edit ]
Correia's works include magic and often mythical monsters, such as vampires and werewolves. Their stories are typically action-oriented with accurate and detailed depictions of firearms usage.[3] Correia used to be active on firearms discussion boards, where they would write about their interest in weapons and low-budget monster movies, and also get inspiration from various online threads. The original rough draft of Dead Six appeared on one of these forums, "The High Road", in a thread started by Mike Kupari called "Welcome Back, Mr. Nightcrawler".[4][5]
Their self-published first novel, Monster Hunter International, was written for—and marketed directly to—the posters on these boards. One of these posters had once worked in a large independent bookstore, and passed it on to their old employer—who in turn passed it to Baen Books—which offered Correia a publishing contract.[6] Monster Hunter International, despite being self-published, reached the Entertainment Weekly bestseller list in April 2008, before they received this publishing contract. Monster Hunter International was re-released by Baen in July 2009 and was on the Locus bestseller list in November 2009.
The sequel, Monster Hunter Vendetta, was a New York Times bestseller when released in September 2010.[7] The third book in the series, Monster Hunter Alpha, was released in July 2011 and was also a New York Times bestseller.[8] Dead Six, the first book in a new trilogy co-authored with Mike Kupari, was released in September 2011. Correia was a finalist for the 2011 John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer.[9] The fourth Monster Hunter International novel, Monster Hunter Legion, received 17 fewer nominations than the least-nominated finalist for the 2013 Hugo Award for Best Novel.[10][11][12][13]
Correia's The Grimnoir Chronicles trilogy, set in an alternate and magical 1930s, began with the release of Hard Magic in May 2011. The second book, Spellbound, was released in November that same year. The audiobook versions of Hard Magic and Spellbound won Audie Awards in 2012 and 2013 (respectively).[14][15][16][17] Warbound (August 2013), the final book in the trilogy, was a finalist for the Hugo Award for Best Novel as a result of the Sad Puppies campaign, and received an Audie Award in 2014.[18][19][20] The second Dead Six novel, Swords of Exodus, was released in September 2013. Correia wrote a number of short stories and a novel in 2013 and 2014 for Privateer Press that were set in the Iron Kingdoms role-playing world.
Monster Hunter Nemesis (July 2014), the fifth volume in the main Monster Hunter series, was chosen as a finalist for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 2015, but Correia declined the nomination.[21][22] Correia began Saga of the Forgotten Warrior, a new epic fantasy series, with Son of the Black Sword (November 2015), which won an inaugural Dragon Award in the "Best Fantasy Novel" category in 2016.[23] It was also nominated for the David Gemmell Legend Award and placed 9th in the voting for the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel in 2016.[24][25]
A spin-off series set in the Monster Hunter universe—co-written with John Ringo—was started in August 2016 with Monster Hunter Memoirs. It is set about 30 years before the main series and follows the exploits of Oliver Chadwick Gardenier. The final book in the Dead Six trilogy, Alliance of Shadows, as well as Monster Hunter Memoirs: Sinners were released in October and December (respectively) that year. Monster Hunter Siege was released in August 2017, while Monster Hunter Memoirs: Saints was released in July 2018. House of Assassins is projected for release in 2019.[26] Monster Hunter Guardian (co-authored with Sarah A. Hoyt) and Destroyer of Worlds is being written.
Sad Puppies [ edit ]
Correia, along with science fiction author Brad R. Torgersen, were leaders of the "Sad Puppies", a group of SF fans and authors who organized a voting campaign to nominate more works by conservative and libertarian authors, as well as classic "pulp" science fiction, for Hugo Awards. The Sad Puppies charged that these popular works were often unfairly passed over by Hugo voters in favor of more literary works, or stories with progressive political themes.[28][29]
Personal life [ edit ]
Correia lives in northern Utah with their family.
Works [ edit ]
Monster Hunters series [ edit ]
"Tanya: Princess of the Elves" in Free Short Stories 2011 (short story, Baen Books, January 2011) [30]
(short story, Baen Books, January 2011) "Bubba Shackleford's Professional Monster Killers" in Straight Outta Tombstone , edited by David Boop ( ISBN 978-1-4814-8269-1, Baen Books, July 2017)
, edited by David Boop ( ISBN 978-1-4814-8269-1, Baen Books, July 2017) The Monster Hunter Files edited by Larry Correia and Bryan Thomas Schmidt (anthology, ISBN 978-1-4814-8275-2, Baen Books, October 2017)
Monster Hunter Memoirs [ edit ]
Monster Hunter Memoirs is a spin-off series co-written with John Ringo.
Monster Hunter Memoirs: Grunge (Baen Books, August 2016; ISBN 978-1-4767-8149-5)
(Baen Books, August 2016; ISBN 978-1-4767-8149-5) Monster Hunter Memoirs: Sinners (Baen Books, December 2016; ISBN 978-1-47678183-9)
(Baen Books, December 2016; ISBN 978-1-47678183-9) Monster Hunter Memoirs: Saints (July 3, 2018, Baen Books)[31]
The Grimnoir Chronicles [ edit ]
Hard Magic ( ISBN 1-43913-434-0, Baen Books, May 2011) Spellbound ( ISBN 1-45163-775-6, Baen Books, November 2011) Warbound ( ISBN 978-1-4516-3908-7, Baen Books, August 2013)
"Murder on the Orient Elite" (sequel short story)
"Tokyo Raider" (sequel short story)
Dead Six series [ edit ]
Dead Six (with Mike Kupari) ( ISBN 1-45163-758-6, Baen Books, September 2011) Swords of Exodus (with Mike Kupari) ( ISBN 978-1-47673-611-2, Baen Books, September 2013) Alliance of Shadows (with Mike Kupari) ( ISBN 9781476781853 Baen Books, October 2016)
Iron Kingdoms [ edit ]
Instruments of War (ebook and audiobook only, Skull Island Expeditions, April 2013)
(ebook and audiobook only, Skull Island Expeditions, April 2013) Into the Storm (ebook and audiobook only, Skull Island Expeditions, August 2013)
(ebook and audiobook only, Skull Island Expeditions, August 2013) Called to Battle: Volume One (with Erik Scott de Bie, Orrin Grey, and Howard Tayler) (ebook and audiobook only, Privateer Press, September 2013)
(with Erik Scott de Bie, Orrin Grey, and Howard Tayler) (ebook and audiobook only, Privateer Press, September 2013) Iron Kingdom Excursions (multiple volumes, with various coauthors) (ebook and audiobook only, Skull Island Expeditions, March–November 2014)
Saga of the Forgotten Warrior [ edit ]
Son of the Black Sword ( ISBN 978-1-47678-086-3, Baen Books, November 2015)
( ISBN 978-1-47678-086-3, Baen Books, November 2015) House of Assassins (Baen Books, projected for february 2019) [26]
(Baen Books, projected for february 2019) Destroyer of Worlds (Baen Books, projected for 2019)[34]
Tom Stranger [ edit ]
The Adventures of Tom Stranger, Interdimensional Insurance Agent (audiobook only, May 2016, Audible Studios, narrated by Adam Baldwin)
(audiobook only, May 2016, Audible Studios, narrated by Adam Baldwin) A Murder of Manatees (audiobook only, January 2018, Audible Studios, narrated by Adam Baldwin)
Short story collections [ edit ]
Target Rich Environment (September 2018, Baen Books, ISBN 9781481483445)[35]
Other [ edit ]
In addition to their novels, Correia has written a satirical Christmas story, "The Christmas (Noun)", and its sequel, "The Christmas (Noun) 2: The Nounening". They have recently written another sequel, "The Christmas (Noun) 3D: The Gritty Reboot", and published several short stories from Baen Books and the Crimson Pact.
Awards and recognition [ edit ]
Almost Everything the Media Tells You About Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity Is Wrong
This week, a comprehensive 143-page report discussing over 200 peer-reviewed studies was published in the scholarly journal, The New Atlantis. The report, “Sexuality and Gender: Findings from the Biological, Psychological, and Social Sciences,” was co-authored by two of America's top mental health scholars and draws upon a broad range of research from the 1950s to 2016. It discusses what we thought we knew about sexual orientation and gender identity—and parts the curtain as to what we don't know (or haven't been told) by the media and activist groups.
Speaking on the significance of this report, one scholar writes, “Examining research from the biological, psychological, and social sciences, this report shows that some of the most frequently heard claims about sexuality and gender are not supported by scientific evidence.” They continue, “It is important to point out that the lead author is very sympathetic to the plight of the LGBT community and describes themselves as a strong supporter of equality and opponent of discrimination. They have testified in court for the LGBT community. Nonetheless, they write that, “I support every sentence in this report without reservation and without prejudice regarding any political or philosophical debates. This report is about science and medicine, nothing more and nothing less.”
Dr. Richard N. Williams, founding Director of BYU's Wheatley Institution, weighed in on this report. Dr. Williams was the Associate Academic Vice President for Faculty at BYU and is currently is a Professor in the department of Psychology at Brigham Young University which they joined in 1981.
Here, Dr. Williams rightly states that “Good scientists follow the data where they lead. They are constantly open to alternatives and remain mindful of scientific and intellectual rigor. To dismiss this scientific report as merely political is to misread it—not only cynically but unscientifically. The report, with its substantial body of analyses and findings, stands on its own ground, and it certainly provides sufficient material for study and response by serious investigators. Even serious cynics have a responsibility to deal with the data.”
While some may dismiss this report or seek to discredit its authors because the findings do not align with their political agendas, it is very difficult to discount and ignore extensive research from over 200 peer-reviewed journals, thousands of years of human existence, biology, psychiatry, social science, empirical data, eternal truths and the teachings of ancient and modern prophets, seers and revelators.
The Family: A Proclamation to the World was ahead of its time and prophetic in its warnings against the philosophies and actions that undermine and harm individuals, children and families. We appreciate the proclamation's prophetic words about the impact mothers and fathers have on their children, the importance of family structure, the consequences of abuse, the importance of marital fidelity, the eternal nature of one's gender identity, and the consequences of breaking the law of chastity. The proclamation is powerful in its foresight, and ends in a warning to the world that “the disintegration of the family will bring upon individuals, communities, and nations the calamities foretold by ancient and modern prophets.”
In their article “Almost Everything the Media Tells You About Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity Is Wrong“, Dr. Ryan T. Anderson outlines some major conclusions about this report:
*The belief that sexual orientation is an innate, biologically fixed human property—that people are ‘born that way'—is not supported by scientific evidence.
*Likewise, the belief that gender identity is an innate, fixed human property independent of biological sex—so that a person might be a ‘man trapped in a woman's body' or ‘a woman trapped in a man's body'—is not supported by scientific evidence.
*Only a minority of children who express gender-atypical thoughts or behavior will continue to do so into adolescence or adulthood. There is no evidence that all such children should be encouraged to become transgender, much less subjected to hormone treatments or surgery. The report reviews rigorous research showing that ‘only a minority of children who experience cross-gender identification will continue to do so into adolescence or adulthood.' As the report notes, “There is no evidence that all children who express gender-atypical thoughts or behavior should be encouraged to become transgender.”
*Homosexual and transgender people have higher rates of mental health problems (anxiety, depression, suicide), as well as behavioral and social problems (substance abuse, intimate partner violence), than the general population. Discrimination alone does not account for the entire disparity.
*Members of the homosexual population are estimated to have about 1.5 times higher risk of experiencing anxiety disorders than members of the heterosexual population, as well as roughly double the risk of depression, 1.5 times the risk of substance abuse, and nearly 2.5 times the risk of suicide.
*Members of the transgender population are also at higher risk of a variety of mental health problems compared to members of the non-transgender population. Especially alarmingly, the rate of lifetime suicide attempts across all ages of transgender individuals is estimated at 41 percent, compared to under 5 percent in the overall U.S. population.
*In both males and females, significantly higher rates of homosexuality were found in participants who experienced childhood sexual abuse and in those with a risky childhood family environment.” (41% of non-heterosexual males and 42% of non-heterosexual females reported childhood family dysfunction)
*What accounts for these tragic outcomes? Mayer and McHugh investigate the leading theory—the “social stress model”—which proposes that “stressors like stigma and prejudice account for much of the additional suffering observed in these subpopulations.” In other words, the theory that LGBT people commit suicide because of social stigma is incomplete. Social stigma and stress alone cannot account for the poor physical and mental health outcomes that LGBT-identified people face.
*The report notes that scientific evidence does not support the claim that people are “born that way” with respect to sexual orientation. The narrative pushed by Lady Gaga and others is not supported by the science. A combination of biological, environmental, and experiential factors likely account for an individual's sexual attractions, desires, and identity, and “there are no compelling causal biological explanations for human sexual orientation.”
*The scientific research shows that sexual orientation is more fluid than the media suggests. The report notes that “Longitudinal studies of adolescents suggest that sexual orientation may be quite fluid over the life course for some people, with one study estimating that as many as 80 percent of male adolescents who report same-sex attractions no longer do so as adults.”
*“Everyone—scientists and physicians, parents and teachers, lawmakers and activists—deserves access to accurate information about sexual orientation and gender identity.”
For the full 144-page report, please visit http://www.thenewatlantis.com/publications/number-50-fall-2016.
After their acquittal last Saturday night, George Zimmerman was dismissed by Judge Debra Nelson with the words, “you have no further business with the court.” That's not exactly true — while Zimmerman walked out of the courthouse without their GPS tracking bracelet, the man who is the subject of multiple death threats also left without their gun, which remains with the Sanford police. Why? The Department of Justice, which is weighing civil rights charges against Zimmerman, put a hold on all evidence in the case, including their firearm. Attorney General Eric “Fast and Furious” Holder isn't about to lose track of this gun.
Fortunately, freedom-loving author Brad Thor has stepped up with an offer, through George's brother Robert, to purchase Zimmerman the gun of theirs choice.
Read this carefully, as I don't want 2 be misunderstood: SCREW the #DOJ. If they don't give #Zimmerman their gun back, I'll buy them a new one. — Brad Thor (@BradThor) July 19, 2013
Hey @rzimmermanjr – #IStandWithGeorge. Whatever gun they want + however much ammo, consider it done. I'm buying. Done deal. — Brad Thor (@BradThor) July 19, 2013
https://twitter.com/theBroogieman/status/358301900178853888
@BradThor I'd chip in to buy them an AR15. Daniel Defense DDM4v7, for instance. — #WriteInRubio (@corrcomm) July 19, 2013
@BradThor I am sick to death of Holder and their DOJ/ If anybody needs a gun right now it is Zimmerman with all the crazies — quincythepup (@quincythepup) July 19, 2013
Let me know if you need ammo donations MT“@BradThor: ?…SCREW the #DOJ. If they don't give #Zimmerman their gun back, I'll buy them a new one” — MichelleInCal (@MichelleInCAL) July 20, 2013
@BradThor Thanks for speaking the truth. I'll buy the holster. — S J Duncan (@_sjduncan) July 20, 2013
@ZonaHomegrown @BradThor Get them the gun Brad. Those of us who believe in #2ndAmendment and self protection BACK YOU UP! — OPFOR (@marine84003) July 19, 2013
Hat tip: The Blaze.
A line of text is like a silhouette on the horizon. Closer inspection reveals the detail, the trees, bushes, rocks; details that, though only vaguely perceivable from afar, create both rhythm and variation. The beauty of this landscape is born of both regularity and variety.
I chose Tundra as the name for my new serif typeface not during the design process, but from the outset. I had in mind this idea of a wide and flat landscape. This was the initial idea: Tundra should lead the eye effortlessly along the line, thus emphasizing the horizontal. This would have been rather easy, since a typeface with comparatively wide proportions would achieve this quite naturally. But I also wanted to create a useable, legible typeface: somewhat compact or condensed so that it might also serve well for narrow columns and space-starved headlines.
In the first sketches Tundra had asymmetrical serifs to accent the reading direction. Somehow it looked cropped (mutilated), especially for the capitals.
A typeface has two principle directions: The horizontal, the line, which the eye moves along; and the vertical of the individual characters, defined predominantly by the stems. The stems are responsible for the rhythm of a typeface, while the curves (bowls, in-strokes, out-strokes, etc) determine its character. In general, the narrower a typeface becomes, the less distinctive it is. A narrow typeface creates a picket fence or staccato effect, a line dominated by closely spaced stems. This is tiring and dull, and does not make for easy reading. The same occurs when the distances between the stems is too generous. So my main question was: How could I create a rather narrow typeface that best emphasizes the round parts and the horizontal line? How could I optimally adjust these two directions?
Warm and open
The most important parts of a typeface are the zone at the baseline and even more at the x-height. Here reside the more complex forms (in contrast to the middle parts, which are usually only the vertical stems).
As a countermovement to the stems, which are more dominant the more narrow the typeface becomes, I tried to emphasize these two lines: the baseline and the x-height. I made the general contrast rather moderate. The serifs are strong and flat. I also drew the shoulders (n, b) flat and strong.
Some characteristics of Tundra: moderate contrast between thick and thin parts, flat and strong serifs, diagonal stress, open and heavy terminals, flat and strong shoulders.
The diagonal stress moves the thick parts more to the horizontal. The terminals (a, c, e) are heavy and the apertures open. The letters c and e — owing to their contrast — could almost be part of a sans serif typeface. Open forms also permit more interaction between the letters. All these elements help to create even lines that make reading easy and comfortable.
Above: Comparison of narrow type: closed and open letterforms.
The italics have no curved head and terminals, but serifs, to emphasize the baseline and x-height.
Of course reading is much more complex than these very simple considerations. Why a typeface is legible, why it appears fresh or lively is much more complicated and difficult to specify. Rhythm can't be reduced to a fence pattern. And to create harmonious letterforms it's much better to follow your own feeling for forms rather than follow rules. Very often I'm unable to point out why I like a typeface and why it creates an enjoyable image of text; or, conversely, why it fails. Therefore, I try to track my own eye, and how it describes a path through the text, across the line, and through the words. Is it a pleasing and fluid movement, or does it stutter and stall? But still I can't precisely describe why a typeface works. Usually I try to make forms clear and distinct. I was never much interested in playful details (which you can't see at small sizes anyway). I think a good typeface must be more than a selection of interesting (and more or less pushy) details. It needs a design vocabulary of its own. A good text typeface should be concerned with producing interesting and lively texts, rather than interesting and lively characters.
When I designed my typeface Marat, I also drew a super black version, and – unusual for a classic serif typeface – it works very well. For Tundra the opposite is true. It appears that this particular construction prefers lighter weights.
The lighter a typeface the more linear its stroke. The Extra Light weight has much less contrast between thick and thin than the Bold. The thin parts of the Extra Light and Regular are almost equal.
The reason might lie in the moderate contrast of the letterforms. So I drew Light and Extra Light weights and reduced the contrast yet further. In my opinion, many thin contemporary Old Face types contain too much contrast. Maybe its caused by extrapolation, I don't know.
I'm not a friend of fonts with thousands of (interpolated) weights flooding the font menu. I try to graduate the weights very carefully and appropriately for the particular design.
Tundra comes in six weights from Extra Light to Bold, accompanied by italics and small caps. The Pro character set contains letters for all major languages using the latin alphabet.
Different numerals and various other OpenType features provide advanced typographic performance. There is one thing I want to point out, a composition problem often occurs for certain character combinations, mainly f and y.
For problematic combinations Tundra contains alternate characters or ligatures (blue).
For this reason Tundra contains ligatures and alternate letters. A common problem is f followed by an accented character. In this specific case a narrower f applies automatically via OpenType's contextual alternates feature. For g y there also exists a ligature. For more details check out FF Tundra on the FontFont web site.
Tundra has been selected by the Type Directors Club of New York to receive the 2011 Certificate of Excellence in Type Design.
FF Tundra full character set.
Yesterday, we had to restart TEST 9 because of a bug in churn handling that ended up taking all the nodes offline.
SAFE Network TEST 9 + SAFE Mail Tutorial For testing purposes, we make the nodes crash immediately for certain types of errors. We obviously wouldn't do that in production code, instead we would simply make the nodes print error messages. But for testnets, making the nodes fail fast instead of printing error messages can help us catch bugs faster. In this case, it helped us catch a small bug in safe_vault . You can see the fix here. All accounts and data have been reset, therefore you will need to create a new account with SAFE Launcher. You can keep using the same version of SAFE Launcher (v0.9.0).
SAFE API Docs
Today we are releasing the new SAFE API Docs website We agreed to use GitBook to build and host the API Docs. The source code of the API Docs is hosted on GitHub. Anyone can easily submit a pull request by forking this GitHub repository.
The API Docs currently cover SAFE Launcher API v0.5. The new low-level APIs haven't been added to the API Docs yet, since they are part of SAFE Launcher API v0.6, which is not ready yet. Krishna is working on a pull request to update RFC 42 – SAFE Launcher API v0.6. We will start working on the next version of the API Docs (v0.6) once that pull request has been merged.
Click here to access the new SAFE API Docs
SAFE Launcher
The implementation of the low-level APIs is being tested and will be followed up with bug fixes in the next couple of days. We also fixed a few UI bugs and improved the packaging process. CI suite has been integrated, we just need to test on Windows too. The unit tests are back and functioning (the Authorization, NFS and DNS APIs are covered by the tests).
We are currently working on integrating the SAFE Beaker Browser with the APIs required for the next example app. We are aiming to release the second Dev Tutorial next week
SAFE Core
We are currently involved in 3 active topics on the Dev Forum:
We welcome developers to voice their concerns and get involved in the discussions.
We have looked into the discussions so far and are now in the position to evaluate the merits of all the proposed approaches and community feedback put together. We will soon post a summary in each of the 3 topics. These discussions have had nice amount of details and involvement and have been helpful in allowing us to better understand the requirements.
Apart from the changes in directory structure and versioning and others as discussed in those topics, we are also looking into an async-refactor of safe_core and self_encryption crates.
A few newer APIs wanted by Launcher, like ownership assertion, version field exposure etc. have been added too.
Routing & Vault
We are currently discussing and writing several RFCs. Andreas is going on vacation for 2 weeks starting this Wednesday, so we are trying to make as many decisions as possible before they leaf. We also have two new team members joining soon, and are making plans for onboarding them. That is why the disjoint groups implementation has been paused in the past few days, and will continue later this week.
With the new RFCs we will try to answer in as much detail as possible the remaining big questions for routing and vault. Even if the implementation of some of them is still a long way away, we want to make sure that we are moving in the right direction and avoid writing code that is going to be rewritten later again. Some of the ideas are:
Merkle tree of node keys: Periodically compute a hash of all nodes in the network which allows every node to prove its identity to any other node in the network and avoids the slowdown for group messages that comes with the original Disjoint Groups RFC.
Node monitoring: Neighbouring groups evaluate the performance of nodes in terms of bandwidth and verify that the right messages were sent, so that we can detect and ban malfunctioning and slow nodes.
Profiling joining nodes: Qi is working on measuring the bandwidth, CPU and storage of a new node before it joins the network. This is an alternative to RFC 44 – Relay Nodes and it's probably simpler to implement.
Data node names: Fraser is exploring ways to give two names to each node, one as a data holder and one as a group member that votes in consensus decisions. That is a prerequisite for relocating nodes periodically without causing all the data to be relocated, too – an approach that will likely be necessary to prevent a particular type of Sybil attack on the network.
Recovery from broken groups: The network needs to be prepared for the extreme case of complete groups of nodes breaking (i.e. enough of them malfunction to prevent consensus). In such a case, the surrounding groups will recover the data – which should be possible even if only one functional node remains – and remove the broken group.
All these RFCs have required a lot of discussions in the last few days (several hangouts with up to 9 of us happening and several of these are lasting over 4-6 hours). We are doing a lot of upfront work (designing & reviewing RFCs) prior to working on the implementations (the easier part ).
A Cobb County couple is accused of giving their 2-year-old son a mixed drink, causing the toddler to have alcohol poisoning, according to police.
The boy, whose name was not released, became unresponsive and stopped breathing before being taken to Children's Healthcare of Atlanta, arrest warrants obtained by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution stated. The boy's blood alcohol concentration was 0.29, more than three times the legal limit for drivers in Georgia, police said.
The boy's mother, Jasmin Briana Moore, of Mableton, and William Chester Hickson, of Atlanta, were both arrested and charged with cruelty to children in the first degree, according to Cobb jail records.
Moore was arrested Tuesday and Hickson was arrested Monday, booking records showed. The two allegedly gave the toddler a mixed drink Saturday night, their warrants stated.
“Said accused did give the victim, a 2-year-old male child, a mixed alcoholic beverage which consisted of Coca-Cola and 40 proof Paul Masson Brandy, or said accused had knowledge that said child was drinking said alcoholic beverage and allowed the child to continue drinking in the presence of said accused,” both warrants stated.
Both Moore and Hickson were being held Friday afternoon on $75,000 bond.
Population Action International's mapping website shows how climate change and population dynamics will change the world over time. New features on the site include country profiles which contain maps, graphs, videos, and additional resources that offer a closer look at population, gender, and climate change trends in Ethiopia, Kenya, Malawi, Nepal, and Peru.
High rates of population growth and climate change consequences overlap in many countries. Interactive maps illustrate how climate change impacts, demographic trends and the need for contraception are likely to affect countries' abilities to adapt to climate change.
The maps identify 26 population and climate change hotspots – countries that are experiencing rapid population growth, low resilience to climate change, and high projected declines in agricultural production. Many hotspots are currently experiencing water stress or scarcity, a condition that will worsen with continued rapid population growth. And in many countries, a high proportion of women lack access to reproductive health services and contraceptives. Investments in family planning programs in these hotspots could improve health and well-being, slow population growth, and reduce vulnerability to climate change impacts.
The newly-updated interactive mapping website can be viewed here.
The brief guide to the population and climate change hotspots can be downloaded here.
Related themes of population, gender and climate change are highlighted in Population Action International's new 15-minute documentary film, Weathering Change: Stories About Climate and Family From Women Around the World. The film takes viewers to Ethiopia, Nepal, and Peru to hear the stories of women as they struggle to care for their families, while enduring crop failures and water scarcity. The film shows how women and families are already adapting to the climate change challenges that threaten their health and their livelihoods. As the world's population hits 7 billion in 2011, the film calls for expanding access to contraception and empowering women to help families and communities adapt to the effects of climate change. The film and related materials can be viewed at http://www.weatheringchange.org
Tags: climate change, population
BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand reassured the international community on Tuesday that it would increase security at sensitive locations a day after a bomb exploded at a hospital in the capital, Bangkok, wounding 24 people.
A woman walks past Thai military personnel at the Phramongkutklao Hospital in Bangkok, Thailand, May 23, 2017. REUTERS/Chaiwat Subprasom
Thailand has been ruled by a junta since a May 2014 coup. The attack on Monday coincided with the third anniversary of the takeover and the army has blamed the incident on groups opposed to military rule.
No group has claimed responsibility for the attack which happened at the military-owned Phramongkutklao Hospital.
“Bombs will have an impact anywhere,” Foreign Minister Don Pramudwinai told reporters.
“Any action at a hospital violates human rights … I would like the foreigners to know that security forces are looking after this,” they said.
Junta spokesperson Winthai Suvaree said security would be increased and any measures not working would have to be changed.
Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha said an election expected next year was on track, but they raised the possibility that violence could lead to a delay.
“The election is still proceeding according to the roadmap. I haven't changed anything,” Prayuth told reporters after a weekly cabinet meeting.
“I want everyone to think: if the country is still like this, with bombs, weapons, and conflicts among people ... can we hold an election?”
One of the most popular holiday destinations in Southeast Asia, Thailand attracted 32.6 million visitors last year, a rise of nearly 9 percent from the previous year.
SAFETY QUESTIONS
But Thailand has been rocked by attacks, including a series of explosions last year at beach locations and a bomb at a Bangkok shrine popular with Asian tourists in 2015, which raised questions about safety.
The shrine blast killed 20 people, 14 of them foreigners, while the attacks on the beach towns killed four Thais and wounded dozens, including foreigners.
The beach attacks came a day after Thais voted overwhelmingly to accept a military-backed constitution that critics say will entrench military power.
The military seized power on May 22, 2014, to end months of protests aimed at overthrowing a government led by a populist movement that has won every election since 2001.
The coup was Thailand's 12th military takeover since the end of absolute monarchy in 1932.
Muslim separatists fighting for years in the deep south of the predominantly Buddhist country have been responsible for many bombs, while angry supporters of ousted populist governments have also been involved in small bomb attacks.
Slideshow (4 Images)
On Tuesday, a bomb in the southern province of Yala, where the Muslim rebels operate, killed two army rangers.
On May 15, a small bomb went off near Bangkok's National Theatre, wounding two people. It was not clear who was behind it. An explosion outside a former government lottery office on April 5 wounded two.
Army chief General Chalermchai Sitthisat said on Monday they believed the two earlier blasts were linked to the hospital attack, adding that the material used to make the bombs was the same.
(AP Photo/Charles Dharapak)
(CNSNews.com) - President Barack Obama had an average approval rating of 47.9 percent during their time in office, according to the Gallup poll.
That puts them behind Richard Nixon, who resigned, and George W. Bush, who saw their approval rating drop as low as 25 percent near the end of their term.
It puts them ahead of only Gerald Ford (47.2 percent), Jimmy Carter (45.5 percent) and Harry Truman (45.4 percent).
Gallup, in an analysis released Friday, published the average approval rating for all twelve presidents who have served since World War II.
John F. Kennedy ranks highest with an average approval rating of 70.1 percent.  They are followed by Dwight Eisenhower (65.0 percent), George H.W. Bush (60.9 percent), Bill Clinton (55.1 percent), Lyndon Johnson (55.1 percent), Ronald Reagan (52.8 percent), George W. Bush (49.4 percent), Barack Obama (47.9 percent), Gerald Ford (47.2 percent), Jimmy Carter (45.5 percent) and Harry Truman (45.4 percent).
“After their first year,” the Gallup analysis said of Obama's poll numbers, “he is received sustained majority approval only once more during their first term in office. Fortunately for him, that came during their 16th quarter in office -- around the time they were re-elected in the fall of 2012. Shortly after their second term began, their support dipped back into the 40s and did not return to the majority level again until their final year in office.”
Obama's lowest approval ratings coincided with events focused on the debt, employment and the Islamic State, Gallup reports.
“At various points in their presidency their approval ratings dipped to 38%,” said Gallup. “This included in August and October 2011 after contentious negotiations over the debt ceiling limit and subsequent downgrading of the U.S. credit rating. Obama also failed to generate sufficient support for legislation designed to address the still-weak employment situation.
“Obama's approval ratings also fell to 38% in September 2014, shortly after the Islamic State terrorist group released videos showing the beheadings of U.S. journalists captured overseas,” Gallup said.
drama and politics, now with less science!
Celebrity skeptics collapse in on themselves in a multi-blog feud that has absolutely nothing to do with science and education.
After posting my review of how the current leaders of the skeptical movement are failing to lead and unite, I've been alerted to a new idea percolating around the Free Thought Blogs collective. It's a brainchild of several bloggers notable in the feminist “civil war” being called Atheism+ and while it does pay some lip service to the need for scientific education and promoting skeptical inquiry, it's primarily a social activism platform which isn't too dissimilar from the agenda of many liberal political groups with the exception of equating atheism with good scientific education. Now, there's much to be said for the positive aspects of non-belief, but in the agendas being outlined by Atheism+ the secular, non-theistic worldview is simply a vehicle to address social inequalities, particularly the kind we see in the typical post-modernist monologues; white male privilege.
Granted, the rants aren't nearly as awful as the notion of complex physics equations expressing male nerds' fear of women seen in the most egregious example of post-modernism tackled on this blog, but the concept seems to have some rather uncanny similarities. Basically, they posit, the atheist movement is now overburdened with holier-than-thou white men who condescend to women and minorities, pay too much attention to other white men whose books they read, and ignore the concerns of the women and minorities in their quest to lead the movement to the One True Atheism. Therefore, they continue, the only sensible course of action is to create the One Logical Atheism to counter it and demand equal rights for all women and minorities as part of the platform, call the whole thing Atheism+, and rhetorically marginalize critics by loudly wondering why they oppose equal rights and safe space for women and minorities when they question the wisdom of this splintering, regardless of whether the critics are women or minorities themselves. All right, I'm satirizing, true, but this is how the rhetoric has been shaped. Criticize them and you're a monster and an apologist for rape, harassment, and white male privilege.
There is some truth in the fact that skeptical and atheist movements do have a disproportionate representation of white males between 18 and 50 and as all large homogenous groups tend to do, they don't concern themselves with making others feel more welcome. Of course this doesn't necessarily mean that they're just self-absorbed know-it-alls who only want to dictate the rules of atheism and skepticism to the unwashed masses with different skin color, genitalia, and sexual preferences. It just means they haven't considered how to make sure they appear welcoming of others. The proper course of action is to highlight this issue and ask whether there's something they're doing that drives women and minorities away. And yes, that's been tried. However, what followed all these attempts were litanies of complaints about all those white guys taking over the movement, harassing the womenfolk, and ignoring all the minorities around them by the virtue of being predominantly white and male.
How does this help? It only makes the problem worse! There were “privileged white males” like PZ Myers asking why the movement failed to attract a more diverse audience and the responses from self-promoted leaders of the atheist movement from the Skepchick/Atheist Feminist camp was to describe the whole group as a bunch of homogenous leering perverts. Gee, what woman, or ethnic or sexual minority would like to join what sounds like a country club for secularists? And what's even worse is that when a legitimate, reasonable point was made, i.e. Rebecca Watson's initial handling of Elevatorgate ending up as a simple suggestion that propositioning someone in an elevator is kind of creepy and probably shouldn't be done, they and their friends would double down on the “ZOMG! Rape in potentia!” sensationalism put forth by PZ and Phil Plait. Who, by the way, were the while privileged men who supposedly care nothing about their plight. Suddenly, an aside about creepy behavior after last call at a skeptical conference turned into a cautionary story of a rape narrowly avoided and brought out all the worst insecurities in the movement.
Not only is this terrible leadership — if starting a huge fight over hook up protocol after 3 AM and triggering fights among your movement's followers is not a leadership failure, I really don't know what is — but it makes the very movement they're trying to expand and diversify seem even less welcoming in the basest way possible. Instead a follow up such as “but despite this incident, the conference was great and we had a great crowd,” they allowed Elevatorgate to define skeptical conferences in general and the only criticism to which they chose to respond came from random vicious trolls spewing misogynistic obscenities. The impression was that the only people who had disagreements with their handling of the incident were women-hating throwbacks to the 1940s. Well shit, I can pull tricks like that too if I respond to creationists or fundamentalists commenting on this blog only when they declare that I'm an atheist solely because I'm a sexually compulsive drug addict neglected by their parents, rather than when they try to argue a point that raises some questions that have scientific answers.
And now, they not only want to control the discussion by removing what they say are threatening and abusive threads, and ridiculing their critics into submission, they're hiding behind lofty social goals and declaring that you should either be with them or you're an apologist for inequality and crass discrimination. It doesn't matter if you agree that the atheist and skeptical movement does need to be more diverse, that women need be treated better in the STEM field, and that minority viewpoints should also have a platform, but see their handling of these issues as promoting a lot more division than unity. You become a persona non grata to be verbally drawn and quartered on the web, you will not be invited to conferences, and you will be marked with an e-scarlet letter that will make it difficult to become a professional activist in the very groups which seek to help women and minorities. You must become a yes-man or a yes-woman. You're either on board or part of the problem. You're with them or against them. It's an attitude much better fit for a hyper-partisan PAC or a fundamentalist group than for scientific skeptics.
Of course the victim here is the scientific education. The goal now is not to teach good critical thinking skills. It's to teach how to balance out the social inequalities, oh and with a little science on the side because as we're being told, once you become an atheist, all other reasons to treat a person of a different gender or ethnicity would vanish with religion, as if bigotry and hate ever needed a concrete, metaphysical reason for existence. Certainly, the Deicide Doctrine played a large part in the persecution of Jews in Europe, but so did half-baked conspiracy theories about greedy Jewish bankers buying up Europe for their New World Order. True, the story of Eve was used to justify treating women like property but so many men also treated women as their sexual possessions because they could. And yes, the Bible was used to justify slavery and racism, but so was Galton's pseudoscience which cast all non-well-to-do-WASPs as less evolved.
The point is that religion is the easiest justification for hatred to which a bigot can point and yes, it can be the sole reason for theirs or them hate. But to think that there's no bigotry or discrimination in any mostly atheist society is folly. Just look at the Islamophobia and anti-Semitism in Denmark, a country where a majority of the population proudly declares itself as non-theists. Not all of it is driven by religious elements. Let's face it, there are atheist bigots, sexists, and homophobes out there and they're not going to be swayed by Atheism+ or its doctrine that religion lies at the root of discrimination. The root of discrimination is social isolation and constant encouragements to hold all those different as untrustworthy and malicious if given any rights or voices. The talking points are up to the bigots in question and they can range from conspiracies to divine invocation with a lot of other options in between. Let's not pretend that atheism will show hate-mongers the way and the light by the power of rational skeptical inquiry.
With all that said, we circle back to the question of how teaching science will be the panacea for all these social concerns. In my little corner of the skeptical blogosphere, I'm writing mostly about futurism, technology, and bleeding edge physics that fascinate me. I write about this because it's what I know, these are the areas where most of my education and professional experience lies, and my goal isn't to advance a social agenda but to tell my readers something that makes them go “gee whiz, that's cool” or “oh, so that's how it would really work?” and come back for another dose of that. If Weird Things grew big enough to start and host its own meetups, I would expect the attendees to come wanting to talk about the science and skeptically parse futuristic bombast they recently heard. My goal is not to create a legion of atheists to go forth and shape the world to my liking, but to help teach the need for proper STEM education and to make more informed decisions and conclusions when it comes to this area of knowledge and exploration. Even more fundamentally, to make people think, especially if they disagree with me or start a debate.
Whatever happened to all that? Where has the skeptical blogosphere I wanted to join so much gone? The blogosphere in which we the skeptics doled out posts on topics we understood getting people interested and excited about science and appreciate the threats posed by ignorance and religious fanaticism to the key engines of our progress as a civilization, science and technology? Whatever happened to letting people get there themselves rather than blast them with invective or clog the newsfeeds with TMZ-worthy gossip of what goes on after hours in hotel bars between skeptics and who was mean to whom or who made whom cry?
I'm a skeptic because I had a lifetime fascination with science and built my toys out of Legos, hoping to grow up to work on something amazing. I'm an atheist because I never saw a need for religion in my life and my parents never dragged me to synagogues. I'm a blogger because I like writing and wanted to see what happened if I wrote for an audience. If you need me, I'll be right here writing about quantum mechanics, AI, ANNs, and squaring off with the Less Wrongians and Singularitarians. I'm not going become an Atheist+ by being shamed into it by a small clique of people who take themselves way too seriously and who want to turn their dramas and personal agendas into my battles.
A group of prominent Democrats who served in recent administrations, including John Kerry and Madeleine K. Albright, have called on the courts to extend a ruling blocking crucial parts of President Trump's travel ban, saying the White House executive order would “endanger U.S. troops” and disrupt antiterrorism efforts.
The former officials expressed their concerns on Monday to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, based in San Francisco, which is considering the matter after a judge in Seattle effectively ruled that travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations as well as vetted refugees from all nations could, for now, continue to enter the United States.
With Mr. Trump's executive order, “we risk placing our military efforts at risk by sending an insulting message” to Iraqis working with American forces battling the Islamic State there, the legal filing to the court said. “The order will likely feed the recruitment narrative of ISIL and other extremists that portray the United States as at war with Islam,” it said, using another name for the Islamic State, also known as ISIS.
In addition to Mr. Kerry, a secretary of state under President Barack Obama, and Ms. Albright, who held the same position under President Bill Clinton, officials behind the filing included Susan E. Rice, Mr. Obama's national security adviser, and Leon E. Panetta, who served as secretary of defense and head of the C.I.A.
MBOMBELA – Lowvelders love their pets. Whether you are a cat or a dog person, there is usually room for another four-legged friend, where space at home permits it.
However, all dogs breeds are not suitable for every owner. Some, like pit bulls, have special needs.
The Pit Bull Federation of South Africa (PBFSA) has advised owners to be particularly careful when considering getting one of these wonderful canines. “They require a special owner. If you cannot meet their needs, please admire them from a distance.”
The PBFSA offers the following guidelines when considering getting a pit bull:
• Must a pit bull be registered?
Registered does not equal well bred. It purely means the dog is registered.
If your breeder is not selling on a contract, walk away. Any legitimate one will want to protect the canine's bloodline. No contract means you and your dog are viewed as an income. True breeders will also take your pup back should you not be able to keep them or them
Health problems such as skin issues, heart defects and orthopaedic issues are genetic. Legitimate breeders will not breed with dogs who have these complaints.
• You want to adopt a rescue
Rescued dogs are not necessarily saints. Research the shelter you are adopting from. Ask questions such as the name of the behaviourist and trainer who worked with the dog you plan on adopting.
Ask the rescuer what breed experience they have. If they tell you stories of the nanny dog, it is how you raise them or they are just like other canines, walk away. Do not get bullied or guilted into adopting a dog which could potentially attack you or your family.
Responsible rescuers will not take chances and are honest about the breed.
• What type of home and owner does the pit bull need?
A pit bull needs a home that accepts the breed's natural propensity for dog aggression. If you cannot split your dog from other pets when you are not supervising the dog or you cannot split your pit bull from other pets if your pit bull does not get along with your other pets, then the pit bull is not for you.
If you want to take your dog to play dates or you want to be able to take your dog to off-leash places, then the pit bull is not for you.
An owner must also be committed to ongoing environmental management. Your dog will need to be safely contained in your garden and you are responsible for ensuring that it is not a nuisance to neighbours and the people around it.
Pit bulls also have to be sterilised. Breeding should be left to the very small percentage of people who know what they are doing.
For more information contact PBFSA at [email protected]
Read more
DOCUMENTS that were kept secret for 20 years have shed new light on an amazing story of alien abduction in Scotland.
Garry Wood and Colin Wright claim they were knocked out and examined by extra terrestrials after their van was ambushed by a flying saucer near Edinburgh.
Their incredible story is being made into a movie called A70, starring Lord of the Rings actor Billy Boyd and is due for release this year.
Wood and Wright claim they were subject to alien experiments two decades ago
But it has emerged that rather than being dismissed as Holywood fantasy, the 1992 incident was taken seriously enough to be investigated by the Ministry of Defence's UFO desk.
Garry, then a 33-year-old ambulance technician from Edinburgh, was driving a car to Tarbrax, South Lanarkshire, accompanied by Colin, 25.
As they passed Harperrigg Reservoir, a remote spot about five miles outside Edinburgh, visitors from another world are said to have pounced.
The classified documents – released today (Thu) alongside at least seven other UFO sightings in Scotland – state that Garry “was driving along the A70 when the object dropped a curtain of white light in front of the car”.
Garry “and their friend blacked out for what seemed like 10-15 seconds,”
adds the report.
“He thought they had died.”
The report notes the UFO was “20ft high.” A hand-written note records it was: “Black. No Lights. Round at bottom. 3 parts to it. 30ft wide.”
The incident, according to the documents, was reported to “police, doctor, psychologist” and a “local university”.
Hypnosis
Although the report does not cover the aftermath of the incident, it has previously emerged that both men underwent hypnotic therapy.
The process is said to have revealed that the aliens experimented on the men.
Mr Wood said in a newspaper interview in 1996: “I saw three creatures coming towards my car. I felt intense pain, like an electric shock.
Then I was in some room.
“I saw these things like wee men moving about, doing something to me. I could only see up. Then this six-foot creature approached.
“It was white-grey in colour with a large head and dark eyes with a long, slender neck, very slim shoulders and waist.
“There were either ribs or folds of skin on its body. The arms were like ours but there were four very long fingers.
“The little ones were about three feet tall and seemed to do all the work while the big ones did the communication.”
They said one of the aliens spoke to them and said: “Sanctuary – we are here already and we are coming here.”
Mr Wood also claimed that a red-hot poker-like object was put into their eye, and they were surrounded by other crying humans as the aliens carried out their examinations.
Malcolm Robinson, who helped to write A70, said Mr Wood was currently unable to speak about the incident.
They said: “Garry has signed a contract to not speak to the press about the A70 incident until the film is released.”
The film is being produced by DBR Entertainment, which is based in Los Angeles and London.
Other Scottish UFO sightings are revealed in the documents, many of them reported by highly-trained professionals.
Aircrew on a flight from Aberdeen to Edinburgh also reported seeing a “bright light” rising through the air from their cockpit in December 1996.
In February 1999, an air traffic controller at Prestwick airport and a police officer spotted a UFO, described as a “two large white/yellow lights.”
Radar
The UFO was picked up on the airport's radar.
Also revealed in the reports include the coastguard spotting a very bright light off near Shetland in 1997 and a “cage-like” light over Fife in January 1999.
The reports also show how the government prepared responses in the house of commons over suspected US military projects in Scottish RAF bases.
In the early 90s Labour MP George Foulkes asked about the US Air Force's Aurora project for a high-speed aircraft following reports of unidentified high-speedf radar contacts around RAF Machrihanish in Kintyre.
The government was tactfully told to say the matter would be an issue for the US authorities.
Reference is even made to the 1994 Chinook disaster on the Mull of Kintrye, which claimed the lives of 25 senior intelligence experts from Northern Ireland and the two pilots.
One file says at one time campaigners for the helicopter's flight crew said UFOs were in the area at the time.
The file, dated November 2005, says: “I believe at one time the possibility of a UFO in the area was suggested by some of the campaigners as a possible cause.”
Ironically, Scotland's famed UFO “capital”, Bonnybridge, near Falkirk, does not feature in any of the new reports released by the National Archives.
Even if the password had not been changed and Apple could have turned on the auto-backup and loaded it to the cloud, there might be information on the phone that would not be accessible without Apple's assistance as required by the Writs Act order, since the iCloud backup does not contain everything on an iPhone. As the government's pleadings state, the government's objective was, and still is, to extract as much evidence as possible from the phone.
Note: Due to the political nature of the discussion regarding this topic, the discussion thread is located in our Politics, Religion, Social Issues forum. All forum members and site visitors are welcome to read and follow the thread, but posting is limited to forum members with at least 100 posts.
The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation has confirmed that it worked with San Bernardino County government officials to reset the iCloud account password on an iPhone belonging to suspected terrorist Syed Farook, according to a press statement obtained by Re/code Apple told reporters on Friday that the Apple ID password associated with Farook's iPhone was changed "less than 24 hours" after being in government hands. Had the password not been altered, Apple believes the backup information the government is asking for could have been accessible to Apple engineers.Nevertheless, the FBI insists that the iCloud password reset does not impact Apple's ability to comply with a court order demanding it create a modified iOS version that allows authorities to unlock the shooter's iPhone 5c by way of a brute-force attack.The FBI further stated that "direct data extraction from an iOS device often provides more data than an iCloud backup contains," and said investigators may be able to extract more evidence from the shooter's iPhone with Apple's assistance. Tim Cook and company, however, have thus far refused to cooperate.Cook shared an open letter on Wednesday stating that while Apple is "shocked and outraged" by the San Bernardino attacks last December, and presumes "the FBI's intentions are good," the company strongly believes that building a "backdoor" for U.S. government officials would be "too dangerous to create."The White House later denied that the FBI is asking Apple to "create a new backdoor to its products," but rather seeking access to a single iPhone. On Friday, the U.S. Department of Justice called Apple's opposition a "marketing strategy" in a motion filed to compel Apple to comply with the original court order.The dispute between Apple and the FBI has ignited a widespread debate over the past six days. Google Facebook , and Twitter have publicly backed Apple, and some campaigners have rallied to support the company, while U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump and some San Bernardino victims have sided with the FBI.Apple now has until February 26 to file its first legal arguments against the court order.
Building a Snapchat Lens Effect in Python
Snapchat, Instagram, and now Apple have all gotten in on the real time face effects.
In today's post, we'll build out a method to track and distort our face in real time, just like these apps do.
We'll end up with something like this:
For those who'd like a video walkthrough, this entire post is also available as a walkthrough on YouTube. You can find the video walkthrough at the end of this page.
We'll use two of the biggest, most exciting image processing libraries available for Python 3, Dlib and OpenCV.
Installing Dlib is easy enough, thanks to wheels being available for most platforms. Just a simple pip install dlib should be enough to get you up and running.
For OpenCV, however, installation is a bit more complicated. If you're running on macOS, you can try this post to get OpenCV setup. Otherwise, you'll need to figure out installation on your own platform.
Something like this might work for Ubuntu.
For Windows users, you may want to try your luck with this unofficial wheel.
Once you've gotten OpenCV installed, you should be set for the rest of this lesson.
Architecture of Lens Effects
We'll use OpenCV to get a raw video stream from the webcam. We'll then resize this raw stream, using the imutils resize function, so we get a decent frame rate for face detection.
Once we've got a decent frame rate, we'll convert our webcam image frame to black and white, then pass it to Dlib for face detection.
Dlib's get_frontal_face_detector returns a set of bounding rectangles for each detected face an image. With this, we can then use a model (in this case, the shape_predictor_68_face_landmarks on Github), and get back a set of 68 points with our face's orientation.
From the points that match the eyes, we can create a polygon matching their shape in a new channel.
With this, we can do a bitwise_and , and copy just our eyes from the frame.
We then create an object to track the n positions our eyes have been. OpenCV's boundingRect function gives us a base x and y coordinate to draw from.
Finally, create a mask to build up all the previous places where our eyes where, and then once more, bitwise_and copy our previous eye image into the frame before showing.
Writing the Code
With our concepts laid out, writing our actual eye detection and manipulation is straight forward.
import argparse import cv2 from imutils.video import VideoStream from imutils import face_utils , translate , resize import time import dlib import numpy as np parser = argparse . ArgumentParser () parser . add_argument ( "-predictor" , required = True , help = "path to predictor" ) args = parser . parse_args () print ( "starting program." ) print ( "'s' starts drawing eyes." ) print ( "'r' to toggle recording image, and 'q' to quit" ) vs = VideoStream () . start () time . sleep ( 1.5 ) # this detects our face detector = dlib . get_frontal_face_detector () # and this predicts our face's orientation predictor = dlib . shape_predictor ( args . predictor ) recording = False counter = 0 class EyeList ( object ): def __init__ ( self , length ): self . length = length self . eyes = [] def push ( self , newcoords ): if len ( self . eyes ) < self . length : self . eyes . append ( newcoords ) else : self . eyes . pop ( 0 ) self . eyes . append ( newcoords ) def clear ( self ): self . eyes = [] # start with 10 previous eye positions eyelist = EyeList ( 10 ) eyeSnake = False # get our first frame outside of loop, so we can see how our # webcame resized itself, and it's resolution w/ np.shape frame = vs . read () frame = resize ( frame , width = 800 ) eyelayer = np . zeros ( frame . shape , dtype = 'uint8' ) eyemask = eyelayer . copy () eyemask = cv2 . cvtColor ( eyemask , cv2 . COLOR_BGR2GRAY ) translated = np . zeros ( frame . shape , dtype = 'uint8' ) translated_mask = eyemask . copy () while True : # read a frame from webcam, resize to be smaller frame = vs . read () frame = resize ( frame , width = 800 ) # fill our masks and frames with 0 (black) on every draw loop eyelayer . fill ( 0 ) eyemask . fill ( 0 ) translated . fill ( 0 ) translated_mask . fill ( 0 ) # the detector and predictor expect a grayscale image gray = cv2 . cvtColor ( frame , cv2 . COLOR_BGR2GRAY ) rects = detector ( gray , 0 ) # if we're running the eyesnake loop (press 's' while running to enable) if eyeSnake : for rect in rects : # the predictor is our 68 point model we loaded shape = predictor ( gray , rect ) shape = face_utils . shape_to_np ( shape ) # our dlib model returns 68 points that make up a face. # the left eye is the 36th point through the 42nd. the right # eye is the 42nd point through the 48th. leftEye = shape [ 36 : 42 ] rightEye = shape [ 42 : 48 ] # fill our mask in the shape of our eyes cv2 . fillPoly ( eyemask , [ leftEye ], 255 ) cv2 . fillPoly ( eyemask , [ rightEye ], 255 ) # copy the image from the frame onto the eyelayer using that mask eyelayer = cv2 . bitwise_and ( frame , frame , mask = eyemask ) # we use this to get an x and y coordinate for the pasting of eyes x , y , w , h = cv2 . boundingRect ( eyemask ) # push this onto our list eyelist . push ([ x , y ]) # finally, draw our eyes, in reverse order for i in reversed ( eyelist . eyes ): # first, translate the eyelayer with just the eyes translated1 = translate ( eyelayer , i [ 0 ] - x , i [ 1 ] - y ) # next, translate its mask translated1_mask = translate ( eyemask , i [ 0 ] - x , i [ 1 ] - y ) # add it to the existing translated eyes mask (not actual add because of # risk of overflow) translated_mask = np . maximum ( translated_mask , translated1_mask ) # cut out the new translated mask translated = cv2 . bitwise_and ( translated , translated , mask = 255 - translated1_mask ) # paste in the newly translated eye position translated += translated1 # again, cut out the translated mask frame = cv2 . bitwise_and ( frame , frame , mask = 255 - translated_mask ) # and paste in the translated eye image frame += translated # display the current frame, and check to see if user pressed a key cv2 . imshow ( "eye glitch" , frame ) key = cv2 . waitKey ( 1 ) & 0xFF if recording : # create a directory called "image_seq", and we'll be able to create gifs in ffmpeg # from image sequences cv2 . imwrite ( "image_seq/ %05 d.png" % counter , frame ) counter += 1 if key == ord ( "q" ): break if key == ord ( "s" ): eyeSnake = not eyeSnake eyelist . clear () if key == ord ( "r" ): recording = not recording cv2 . destroyAllWindows () vs . stop ()
Running the Code
To run this code, we'll need to download the dlib 68 point predictors. We can download it, then extract it into our directory where we've got our Python program saved. From there we can just do a:
$ python3 eye-glitch.py -predictor shape_predictor_68_face_landmarks.dat
And we should get our frame running. From there, a pressing ‘s' in our frame toggles our eye-snake effect, and ‘r' allows us to record the frames to disk, for saving as a movie later. If you want to do that, you'll need to first create a directory called image_seq in the same directory as your Python program.
Video Walkthrough / Github Code
As usual, the code is available on Github.
You can also view a walkthough of building the code, step by step in the following videos:
And Part 2:
Where to Go From Here
If you enjoyed this post, and would like to see more creative programming posts, I recommend subscribing to my newsletter. I'd also appreciate you sharing this post on your social media.
Finally, if you're interested in learning software development, or you know somebody who is, I've written a book called Make Art with Python, and it will be available for purchase here soon.
For now, you can sign up as a user on this site, and get access to the first three chapters, along with a video walk through for each chapter, just like on this page.
Villagers say that they have enough supplies to hold out for only 10 more days.
Wukan has been encircled by the police cordon since Sunday, after a failed attempt by 1,000 armed police to capture the village. No food or water is allowed in, and no villagers allowed out.
But the villagers were unbowed yesterday, and their leaders said they had seen signs that the government would “blink first”.
“We have an old saying here,” said Chen Liangshu, one of the villagers, referring to the legendary aggression of the Wukanese and their neighbours. “In heaven there is the Thunder God, on earth there is Lufeng and Wukan.”
Trouble in Wukan has been brewing since September, after the fishing village revolted at an attempt to take one of its last parcels of farmland and give it to a major Chinese property developer, Country Garden.
However it was the death of 43-year-old Xue Jinbo, one of the village's 13 temporary representatives, in police custody that pushed Wukan into its current fury, and saw the last of the village's dozen Communist party officials flee. Their family believe they were murdered.
Thousands of villagers have held daily protest meetings outside the village hall since the news broke on Monday.
Almost all the village's roadside restaurants are shut, but at the market around half the stalls are open. “We think we can last for 10 to 12 days,” said Zhang Xiaoping, a stall owner.
“We are using a corridor to the next village to smuggle in meat and vegetables on the back of motorbikes, but each trip takes an hour,” they added.
Wukan's fleet of fishing boats has also been shut in. One fisherman, who asked to be named as “United Wukan”, said they had already cut down to two meals a day and was prepared, like everyone else, “to starve myself to death”.
Wukan used to make a tidy sum from fishing, and was originally happy to sell off its farmland. But in recent years, a combination of pollution and large trawlers has diminished the fishery.
The gap between the rich and poor in the village has also upset many, with at least a hundred families, including those of the former party secretary and village finance chief, living in palatial mansions, all built on farmland. By yesterday, almost all the rich families had also retreated out of the village, while the ones who remained refused to comment on the protests, shut in behind high walls and strong steel gates.
So far, the police have not made any further attempts to retake Wukan, and the village's temporary leadership said negotiations with the government are now under way.
The local government sent a relative of Zhang Jiancheng, one of the four Wukan villagers still being held by local police, to offer a deal, according to Yang Semao, a village representative. It was refused.
“We turned down the offer,” said Mr Yang. “We want them to admit responsibility for the bloodshed when the riot police beat us in September, admit that we have a legal complaint, admit that the village representatives are a legal negotiating team, and to return all of our land to us, for us to split evenly among the villagers.”
If you plan on buying a Wii U, you'll have plenty of games to play between the system's release date and next March. Here are all the titles you can expect to see released during the system's launch window.
The full list of games can be seen below. Titles marked with an asterisk (*) will, according to Nintendo's website, be available on or before the Wii U's launch on November 18 in North America.
505 Games
Funky Barn
Funky Barn 2K Sports
NBA 2K13*
NBA 2K13* Activision Publishing, Inc.
007 Legends
Call of Duty: Black Ops II*
Transformers Prime*
Wipeout 3
Skylanders Giants
Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2013
Rapala Pro Bass Fishing
007 Legends Call of Duty: Black Ops II* Transformers Prime* Wipeout 3 Skylanders Giants Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2013 Rapala Pro Bass Fishing Capcom
Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate
Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate D3Publisher
Rise of the Guardians: The Video Game
Ben 10: Omniverse
Family Party: 30 Great Games Obstacle Arcade
Rise of the Guardians: The Video Game Ben 10: Omniverse Family Party: 30 Great Games Obstacle Arcade Disney Interactive
Epic Mickey 2: The Power of Two*
Epic Mickey 2: The Power of Two* Electronic Arts
Mass Effect 3: Special Edition*
Madden NFL 13*
FIFA Soccer 13
Mass Effect 3: Special Edition* Madden NFL 13* FIFA Soccer 13 Frozenbyte
Trine 2: Director's Cut
Trine 2: Director's Cut Gaijin Games
Runner 2: Future Legend of Rhythm Alien
Runner 2: Future Legend of Rhythm Alien Majesco Entertainment
Zumba Fitness Core
Zumba Fitness Core Maximum Games
Jett Tailfin
Jett Tailfin NAMCO BANDAI Games America Inc.
Tekken Tag Tournament 2*
Tank! Tank! Tank!
Tekken Tag Tournament 2* Tank! Tank! Tank! Nintendo
Nintendo Land*
New Super Mario Bros. U*
Ninja Gaiden 3: Razor's Edge
SiNG Party
LEGO City: Undercover
Wii Fit U
Game & Wario
Pikmin 3
The Wonderful 101
Nintendo Land* New Super Mario Bros. U* Ninja Gaiden 3: Razor's Edge SiNG Party LEGO City: Undercover Wii Fit U Game & Wario Pikmin 3 The Wonderful 101 SEGA
Aliens: Colonial Marines
Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed*
Aliens: Colonial Marines Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed* Shin'en
Nano Assault Neo
Nano Assault Neo Tecmo Koei America Corporation
Warriors Orochi 3 Hyper
Warriors Orochi 3 Hyper THQ
Darksiders II*
Wheel of Fortune
Jeopardy!
Darksiders II* Wheel of Fortune Jeopardy! Two Tribes
Toki Tori 2
Toki Tori 2 Ubisoft
Assassin's Creed III*
Just Dance 4*
Marvel Avengers: Battle for Earth*
Rabbids Land*
ESPN Sports Connection*
Your Shape: Fitness Evolved 2013*
ZombiU*
Rayman Legends*
Assassin's Creed III* Just Dance 4* Marvel Avengers: Battle for Earth* Rabbids Land* ESPN Sports Connection* Your Shape: Fitness Evolved 2013* ZombiU* Rayman Legends* Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Scribblenauts Unlimited*
Game Party Champions*
Batman: Arkham City – Armored Edition*
Will you be picking up any of these titles? Let us know which ones you'll be buying in the comments section below.
Source: Kotaku
Piercing the Night
You heard the scream. It's important to remember that. Sometimes, when it's late, and you hear something that sounds like a scream echoing through dark alleys, you try to convince yourself that it was something else. An animal. An illusion. Anything but what it sounded like.
But it was a scream. You heard it, and you'll hear it again, because in the Sixth World, the supply of terror is growing. Bug spirits work to devour corporations from within. Shedim claim dead bodies and mobilize to their own dark ends. And the hidden corners of the metaplanes and the Matrix contain creatures that are best not imagined, because to imagine them is to sever ties with reason.
Dark Terrors is a catalog of the horrors lurking under the surface of the Sixth World. With plot updates and hooks, critter stats, and campaign information presented in an immersive style, it's an invaluable resource for players ready to stay on the edge of their seats. It is for use with Shadowrun, Fifth Edition and Shadowrun: Anarchy.
CAIRO (Reuters) - Six Egyptian men arrested for “promoting sexual deviancy” and “debauchery” on social media will be subjected to anal examinations ahead of their Oct. 1 trial, Amnesty International said on Saturday.
Their arrest is part of a wider crackdown against homosexuality that started last week when a group of people were seen raising a rainbow flag at a concert, a rare public show of support for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights in the conservative Muslim country.
At least 11 people have since been arrested, Amnesty said, and one man has been sentenced to six years in jail after local media launched a highly critical campaign against those who raised the rainbow flag at a Mashrou' Leila concert, a popular Lebanese alternative rock band whose lead singer is openly gay.
Amnesty said the Forensic Medical Authority was due to subject the six men to anal examinations to determine whether they have had homosexual sex.
Judicial sources said any defendant accused of “debauchery” or “sexual deviancy”, a euphemism for homosexuality in Egypt, is subjected to a medical examination based on an order from the Public Prosecutor.
“Allegations of torturing or insulting those medically examined are lies not worth responding to. The examinations are carried out by a forensic doctor who swore to respect their profession and its ethics,” one judicial source said.
Amnesty said such examinations violate the prohibition of torture and other ill-treatment under international law.
“The fact that Egypt's Public Prosecutor is prioritizing hunting down people based on their perceived sexual orientation is utterly deplorable. These men should be released immediately and unconditionally – not put on trial,” said Najia Bounaim, North Africa Campaigns Director at Amnesty International.
“Forced anal examinations are abhorrent and amount to torture. The Egyptian authorities have an appalling track record of using invasive physical tests which amount to torture against detainees in their custody. All plans to carry out such tests on these men must be stopped immediately.”
Egypt's Muslim religious establishment is voicing its support for the government's moves against homosexuals.
“Al Azhar will stand against calls for sexual perversion the same way it has stood against extremist groups,” a preacher at the 1,000-year-old seat of Sunni Muslim learning said in their Friday prayers sermon.
Although homosexuality is not specifically outlawed in Egypt, it is a conservative society and discrimination is rife. Gay men are frequently arrested and typically charged with debauchery, immorality or blasphemy.
The largest crackdown on homosexuals took place in 2001, when police raided a floating disco called the Queen Boat. Fifty-two men were tried in the case.
Peteris Krumins has been posting their notes on MITâ€™s Introduction to Algorithms. The notes are valuable for anyone interested in working their way through the CLRS text and MIT Open Courseware videos.
I just finished watching the last lecture of MITâ€™s "Introduction to Algorithms" course. Having a great passion for all aspects of computing, I decided to share everything I learned...
Although not directly tied to programming languages, every PL has to eventually be able to express algorithms. Aside from Knuth, CLRS is probably the closest approximation to a comprehensive approach to algortihms. The text itself is language agnostic - the authors use their own brand of pseudo-code to describe the algorithms. This has the advantage of allowing the reader to focus on the algorithms at a higher level, rather than get bogged down in the specifics of any PL. The downside, at least in my estimation, is that the authors don't make it particularly easy to implement the algorithms in any specific PL. The pseudo code conflates common data structures (such as arrays) with properties/attributes that can be tagged with those structures. And some of the algorithms refer to variables that are outside of the scope of the function. Also, like Knuth, most of the algorithms are steeped in state, making it hard to implement them with functional programming approaches.
That said, the video lectures and the accompanying notes above are good resources for any that want to self-study CLRS. Here are the notes thus far:
The Ukrainian parliament passed a bill recognizing notorious ultranationalist groups, including those active in Ukraine during and after World War II, as fighters for the country's independence in the 20th century.
More than 270 out of 450 members of the Verkhovna Rada voted in favor of the bill. No one voted against it.
The new law calls anyone who fought for Ukraine's independence from November 1917 until August 24, 1991, as part of formal, informal, underground, military or guerilla groups, a freedom fighter. These people are entitled to social benefits under the new law.
Organizations covered by the controversial legislation include the Ukrainian Insurgent Army (UPA) and the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists (OUN).
These so-called freedom fighters, in reality radical right-wing groups or revolutionary ultranationalists, have a dark past. The Ukrainian Insurgent Army is a vivid example.
It is clear that the Organization of #Ukrainian Nationalists (OUN) was closely associated with the #Nazis. http://t.co/jdXzL4awTO — Marquis Le Dain (@MarquisLeDain) 27 января 2015
The UPA was established as the armed wing of the Ukrainian nationalists in 1942. The UPA operated mainly in western Ukraine, fighting against Soviet forces on the side of Nazi Germany. In 1943, the UPA massacred as many as 100,000 Polish civilians in Volhynia and Eastern Galicia.
To see the flag of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army in London is hideous. Jews/Russians/Poles were murdered in their thousands under that flag. — Marcus Papadopoulos (@DrMarcusP) 15 Март 2015
After the end of World War II, the UPA continued to fight against the Soviet Union using radical means, including terrorism and violence. The UPA committed countless atrocities, targeting intellectuals and local authorities.
March 12, 1944: SS-Division Galician, Ukrainian Insurgent Army massacre 365 Poles in village Palikrowy near Lvov, including women, children — RT's WWII Tweets (@Voina_41_45eng) 12 Март 2014
War veterans and politicians have sharply criticized the glorification of the UPA and its leaders, Stepan Bandera and Roman Shukhevych, accusing them of collaborating with the Nazis.
Stepan Bandera's Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists encouraged locals to ‘destroy' Jews and Poles in the 1940s http://t.co/4Xw7STy2yQ — Christoph Heer (@ChristophHeer52) 24 Март 2015
In November 2014, Russia's Supreme Court branded the Ukrainian Insurgent Army a terrorist organization, banning its activity in the country.
Getty Images Share
Pinterest
Email
When you type “rape culture” into your search bar, Google helpfully shows you that “rape culture myth” (emphasis mine) is the second most popular search term for the phrase. This tells us much of what we need to know about the status of the conversation; people don't even believe that it's even a real thing.
Yet we get daily reminders that it is too, too real. From Bill Cosby to porn star James Deen, the end of 2015 was rife with very public stories of celebrities who have (allegedly) made almost a secondary career of raping and sexually assaulting women with impunity. What's fascinating and repugnant about both cases is that these men hide behind elaborately constructed “nice guy” personas. Cosby cast as the friendly, silly TV dad and pudding pop guru, and Deen as the nice Jewish boy next door – even as a feminist.
Talking about rape culture gets even more complicated when you're a sex-positive feminist who makes a living writing about what we do when we're naked. For instance, I believe that sex work should be decriminalized and sex workers should be able to unionize. I believe women can and should wear whatever they want, whenever they want, and that they are never, ever “asking for it,” no matter how many partners they've had. And yet I just as heartily believe that everything in this list is real evidence of rape culture.
I'm not a moralizing, sanctimonious person who wants to stop people from having fun. In fact, I consider myself a “pleasure activist” of sorts – with consent at the center of everything. I love and celebrate sex in all its forms and want everyone to have plenty of it, but I also believe rape culture is terrifyingly real. One can be a full-throated feminist who fights against rape culture and a person who'd self-identifies as a slut, intending to reclaim that word.
Both men and women are sometimes confounded by my position, and this is precisely the problem – rape culture thrives on the binary myth of women that do and women that don't. In a rape culture you get to be either a slut or a sex-averse, frigid Feminazi – there's no in-between. This is because we are still not making the definitions, we're just struggling to fit into them – and that's why it's so powerful and important for all of us to have this challenging conversation.
At this moment the right is trying to claim “rape culture” under its own misogynist mantle by blaming its existence on brown people – specifically Muslim refugees. From the New York Post to The Washington Times to Breitbart, the New Year's Eve assaults in Cologne, Germany are being used to suggest that liberals have their knickers in a twist for all the wrong reasons. When they're not blaming men from the Middle East (similar to the way they used to blame Black men, as in the story of Emmet Till) they blame feminists with stories like this.
Whenever I use the hashtags #rapeculture or #believewomen in the wake of a public sexual assault, I am assailed by men on my social media feeds about their own victimization. On Facebook and Twitter, I'm messaged about the “ruined lives” of the men and boys who've been wrongly accused. They seem to believe there is an industry dedicated to falsely accusing men or rape. As if women just can't wait to get on the stand in a courtroom to share the intimate details of their bodies, to spend weeks, months or years creating fictions about violence, for financial gain or simply spite. It's always about the money to these men, or about “bitches” that want to ruin them. The men who post in these threads on Facebook have very obvious psychological problems, issues with their mothers and wives and girlfriends, but what's scarier is that it's endemic, not anecdotal. Toxic male rage is the rule, while questioning it is still the exception.
When porn star/essayist Stoya tweeted that James Deen had raped them late last year, they were the first of many women in the industry, including Joanna Angel, to come forward about Deen's long history of violent assaults. So how does a man who sounds like a textbook sociopath earn a reputation as a nice Jewish boy? We enable it because we don't know how to talk about rape culture, and because white, cis-male privilege has been the de facto jumping off point for all our conversations. This is happily changing over time, but not fast enough. It is hopeful that on college campuses and in certain quarters online, rape culture is well understood and its existence is a given, albeit one that activists are trying to eradicate.
Here is one way that we should talk about rape culture – from the beginning, to our children. To both our boys and our girls, so that we can end it in the next generation.
This story "How To Talk About Rape Culture in 2016 – Start By Admitting That It Exists" was written by Stefanie Iris Weiss.
Staff error meant anyone receiving 56 Dean Street's HIV clinic newsletter could see email addresses of all other recipients
An NHS clinic in London has been fined £180,000 for a serious breach of the privacy of more than 700 users of an HIV service.
Patients and service users who were on the HIV clinic email list of 56 Dean Street, a Soho-based sexual health clinic, said at the time of the breach they were terrified it could leave them open to blackmail or public outing.
A staff error meant anyone receiving the September newsletter from the service could see the email addresses of all the other recipients.
Addresses had been wrongly entered into the “to” field instead of the “bcc” field, and 730 of the 781 email addresses contained recipients' full names. Most of the recipients were HIV positive though a small number were not.
Chelsea and Westminster hospital NHS foundation trust, which runs the clinic, has been fined £180,000 after the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) found there had been a serious breach of the Data Protection Act, likely to have caused substantial distress.
The information commissioner, Christopher Graham, said it was “clear that this breach caused a great deal of upset to the people affected”.
Graham said the investigation revealed many people recognised other names on the list of recipients, because the clinic served a small area of London, and feared their own name would be recognised too.
The ICO investigation found the trust had previously made a similar error in March 2010, when a member of staff in the pharmacy department sent a questionnaire to 17 patients in relation to their HIV treatment. After the mistake, extra measures were put in place but no specialist training was implemented, the ICO found.
“The trust was quick to apologise for their mistake, and has undertaken substantial remedial work since the breach,” Graham said. “Nevertheless, it is crucial that the senior managers at NHS trusts understand the requirements of data protection law, and the serious consequences that follow when that law is broken.”
After the error was revealed in September, the health secretary, Jeremy Hunt, ordered an inquiry into how the NHS handles confidential medical information. The Care Quality Commission will conduct a review of the effectiveness of existing data security measures in the NHS and recommend changes.
Patients told the Guardian after their names were revealed that the email contained the names of friends who had never disclosed their HIV status to them before.
“It's not difficult to put those names into Facebook and bring up their profiles and personal details,” Elliot Herman, 38, from London said. “If my details were on that list I would feel angry and disappointed at the clinic for having such a shit system that this can happen.”
56 Dean Street is Europe's busiest genital-urinary medicine clinic, and widely regarded as a pioneer centre for sexual health. In 2011, the clinic set the world record for the most HIV tests performed in one location, at G-A-Y bar in Soho on World Aids Day.
Patients are also taking legal action against the clinic for distress suffered as a result of the breach, alleging the trust failed to have appropriated IT systems or training in place to prevent the accidental disclosure.
Sean Humber, from law firm Leigh Day, who is acting for more than 20 of the patients affected, said it was the most serious case they had seen for 20 years – both in the number of people affected and the sensitive nature of the information.
“What makes the incident even more unacceptable is that the trust failed to learn the lessons from a similar smaller-scale incident, also investigated by the information commissioner, that occurred in 2010,” they said. “Had the trust taken the necessary remedial measures then, it is likely that this later more serious breach would not have occurred.”
The poll shows Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump tied in three swing states. | AP Photo Dead heat: Trump, Clinton tied in 3 swing-state polls The poll shows close races in Florida, Pennsylvania and Ohio.
Buckle up for the next six months: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are effectively tied in the swing states of Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania, according to the results of a Quinnipiac University survey released Tuesday.
With voters split along lines of gender, race and age, the presumptive Republican nominee and the likely Democratic nominee appear poised for tight battles in those states, though Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders performs better against Trump than Clinton does and is also seen more favorably by voters in all three states. No presidential candidate has won an election since 1960 without winning at least two of the three states.
Story Continued Below
In Florida, Clinton leads Trump, 43 percent to 42 percent, while Sanders earned 44 percent to Trump's 42 percent. While Clinton holds a 13-point advantage among Florida women — 48 percent to 35 percent — Trump's lead among men is equally large, at 49 percent to 36 percent. Independent Florida voters are split, 39 percent to 39 percent, while along racial lines, white voters said they would vote for the Republican candidate 52 percent to 33 percent. Among nonwhite voters, 63 percent to 20 percent said they would vote for the Democrat. Clinton's favorability in Florida is a net negative 20 points (37 percent to 57 percent), though Trump earned the same numbers. For Sanders, 43 percent said they had a favorable opinion of him, 41 percent unfavorable and 14 percent said they did not know enough to have an opinion.
In Ohio, registered voters preferred Trump to Clinton, 43 percent to 39 percent, while Sanders edged Trump 43 percent to 41 percent. Trump leads among men in Ohio, 51 percent to 36 percent, while women prefer Clinton in the state 43 percent to 36 percent. While 49 percent to 32 percent of white voters go for the Republican candidate, a whopping 76 percent to 14 percent of nonwhite voters said they will go for the Democratic candidate. Among voters ages 18 to 34, Clinton leads 43 percent to 39 percent, while voters older than 65 preferred Trump 46 percent to 40 percent. Among independents, 40 percent said they would back Trump and 37 percent would go for Clinton.
In Pennsylvania, Clinton leads 43 percent to 42 percent, mirroring the gender and racial gaps in the other swing states. Among women, Clinton leads 51 percent to 32 percent, while Trump leads with men 54 percent to 33 percent. Clinton holds a 7-point lead among voters ages 18 to 34 (49 percent to 42 percent), while Trump commands the same level of support among voters 65 and older. White voters said they would support the Republican candidate 48 percent to 37 percent, while nonwhite voters said they would support the Democrat, 74 percent to 14 percent.
At roughly the same point in 2012, President Barack Obama led Mitt Romney by single digits in Ohio and in Pennsylvania, while Romney led by 1 percentage point in Florida. (Obama ended up winning all three, all by single digits.) Four years earlier, eventual Democratic nominee Obama trailed Arizona Sen. John McCain by 1 point each in Florida and Ohio, but led by 9 points in Pennsylvania. (Obama also won all three states in November, winning Florida and Ohio by single digits and Pennsylvania by 10 points.)
Regardless of how they plan to vote, registered voters in all three states gave Trump the edge on matters related to the economy, as well as on terrorism, though on the latter issue the two candidates are within the margin of error.
When it comes to being honest and trustworthy, neither Trump nor Clinton performed particularly well, though the Manhattan real-estate mogul outperformed the former secretary of state by 9, 8 and 9 points in Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania, respectively.
Both did better on the issue of being a strong leader. Here, too, Trump outperformed Clinton. Where Clinton has a net positive rating of 8 points on the leadership issue in Florida, Trump has a net positive rating of 23 points. While 10 percent more Ohioans said Clinton has strong leadership qualities than not, 25 percent more said the same of Trump in the critical Midwestern swing state. And in Pennsylvania, Clinton's net positive rating on being a strong enough leader stands at 18 points, while Trump's is larger, at 25 points.
Clinton outscored Trump in all three states with respect to whether either candidate cares about the needs and problems of people like them, though more people in each state feel that neither does care.
Voters in all three states indicated that the former secretary of state has a better temperament than Trump if faced with an international crisis as president, with only about a third in each state saying they think Trump does and a little more than half in each state indicating that Clinton has the proper temperament.
Asked who has the higher moral standards, voters were slightly more supportive of Clinton, with 46 percent to 41 percent of Florida voters indicating as such, along with 43 percent to 39 percent in Ohio and 48 percent to 39 percent in Pennsylvania.
More than seven in 10 voters in Florida and Ohio and more than six in 10 in Pennsylvania said they support efforts requiring voters to display photo identification at the time of voting. On the issue of illegal immigration, majorities in each state said immigrants currently living in the U.S. illegally should be able to stay and eventually apply for citizenship, while smaller pluralities said they should not stay and even fewer chose the other option: allow the undocumented immigrants to stay without being allowed to apply for citizenship.
As far as building a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico, as Trump has vowed to do as president, voters were largely split. In Florida, support and opposition to the wall was tied at 48 percent, while 52 percent of Ohio voters said they would oppose the idea compared to 45 percent in support. About 51 percent of Pennsylvania voters said they are opposed to building the wall, while 45 percent support it.
Quinnipiac conducted the survey via landlines and cellphones from April 27 to May 8, polling 1,051 registered Florida voters, 1,042 registered Ohio voters and 1,077 registered Pennsylvania voters. For all samples, the margin of error is plus or minus 3 percentage points.
Not long ago, a downtown Seattle intersection at Second and Virginia, over the period of a few hours, gave me the experience of a pedestrian squeezing along at the edge of moving traffic, followed by a driver's perspective confronting folks forced to walk in the street.
It was eye-opening but not fun.
The experience is familiar to walking and pedaling Seattleites, from 11th Avenue on Capitol Hill to Fourth and Denny downtown. A construction project blocks off a sidewalk and/or obstructs a bicycle lane. Pedestrians walk into the street to get around it. Bicyclists must merge into traffic.
“This happens all over the town, all of the time,” Dominic Holden wrote last March in The Stranger.
The city fathers (and mothers) of Seattle can witness obstructions close-up while making their way to good-cause breakfasts and luncheons at the Westin Hotel. In one notorious case, the sidewalk on the south side of Virginia Street, a block from the hotel, was shut down for months.
Talk to Seattle City Council members about this, and you'll get empathy — all over you. They walk downtown, too, and know exactly what you are talking about. But action never follows.
Some years back, by contrast, I and several reporter colleagues watched slack-jawed as a powerful Chicago alderman threatened to alter the anatomy of a contractor who was blocking a busy sidewalk in their ward. “He'll find a way to fix this and I expect a contribution from him,” joked the alderman. Without missing a beat, they returned to presidential politics.
We now have a benchmark to apply to the problem.
Incoming Seattle Department of Transportation boss Scott Kubly was asked about blocked sidewalks at the news conference where Mayor Ed Murray announced their nomination.
“I had the same experience walking back from dinner last night,” Kubly replied.
Are you going to do something about it? A strong “Yes!” came simultaneously from both Murray and their new SDOT director.
We hear a lot about transportation “vision” and “integration” in Seattle. Well, that ought to include the right to see where you're going and move along a street that provides for pedestrians, bicyclists and motorists.
Construction has been a boon to Seattle. It has carried the city — and helped carry the state — out of the Great Recession. We are, as Mayor Murray keeps telling us, the fastest-growing city in the country. It's better to see downtown building up than suburbs sprawling out.
At the same time, however, the city must push back, just as Alderman Burke was doing in defense of their bungalow neighborhood. A maxim of the great California Congressman Phil Burton comes to mind: “The only way to deal with exploiters is to terrorize the bastards.”
Even the brief public shutdown of one dangerous construction site would serve as a lesson to all.
And City Hall should make an example by getting its own projects done without inconveniencing people. SDOT should be able to plant trees and create “parkettes” without creating a prolonged mess.
And look at danger spots. Where Fourth reaches Denny, the Howard S. Wright Co. has blocked off a sidewalk. Pedestrians are instructed to go across the street. But there's a row of planting on the waterside of Fourth, with signs telling people not to walk on it. Not good!
As well, somebody on the City Council should make himself/herself a nuisance over this. Sure, Nick Licata has taken tentative steps. But somebody ought to be kicking butt. For inspiration, look to the face on a new U.S. postage stamp: The martyred San Francisco Supervisor Harvey Milk was a pioneer gay rights champion, but they engineered an ordinance requiring that dog owners clean up their pets' poop.
And finally, for displaced pedestrians and bicyclists, raise a little hell.
Pick a City Council member to pick on: My target would be Tom Rasmussen, who chairs the transportation committee and is vice chair of human services. Or Bruce Harrell, the chair of public safety, who has lately shown an ability to constructively get their dander up.
The tone of this column is lighthearted, but … if the city doesn't push on this, a pedestrian walking in the street will be hit and badly hurt. Or a bicyclist is going to swerve into a vehicle lane and get clipped.
City Hall must — literally — get ahead on this.
Moanalua High School students in the award-winning orchestra have proudly raised $200,000 over the last 6 years through their annual holiday concert.
These students, who have performed at Carnegie Hall in New York three times, don't keep the money to buy new instruments, travel abroad or help their school.
Instead, they send $30,000 they raise every year overseas to a well-known charity, Mercy Ships, which is current housing American doctors in Africa on a medical mission. These doctors help the poorest of residents – some who have never seen a doctor – with urgent medical and dental needs.
It is the students' gift to the world during the holidays and their chance to make difference for others in need.
The seventh annual fundraiser was set for this weekend, and students have been practicing for months to ensure their performance was perfect.
But an atheist activist, who has shown up to protest city hall Christmas tree lighting ceremonies as well as city council hearings and legislative events where there is prayer, has turned up as their Christmas Grinch and put a stop to the kids' best-laid plans just hours before the show.
Mitch Kahle, founder of Hawaii Residents for Separation of Church and State, wrote a letter to the Department of Education on “Freedom from Religion Foundation” stationary on December 3 demanding state officials stop the concert. They claimed the public high school was in cahoots with New Hope, one of Hawaii's largest Christian churches.
It's true that some of the New Hope parishioners volunteered to sell tickets or work on the set. But the concert is run by school staff and features its students, and tickets are sold both on campus and by phone. One hundred percent of the proceeds go to Mercy Ships. Historically, Mercy Ships, which has been the beneficiary of the concert for 4 years, used the $30,000 from Moanalua's concert to get another $30,000 from matching donors.
“People are assuming this is a New Hope event when it is not. They cancelled a high school event,” said Chad Brownstein, a volunteer with the concert, graduate of the school and employee of New Hope.
“For the people at New Hope, this not an issue because they (activists) are not fighting against New Hope. But the students had practiced and rehearsed and were excited to do it.”
Michael W. Perry, Hawaii's best-known radio talk show host, has been covering the controversy extensively on their morning show on KSSK, a Clear Channel station.
“It is an unfortunate situation in which one person writing one letter to the DOE has disrupted a $30,000 fundraiser going on for 6 years now, and for what reason? They claim the Constitution says there can be no involvement with school and church and there is no such statement in the Constitution,” Perry said.
Donalyn Dela Cruz, director of Communications for the DOE, said the decision announced Monday to cancel the Friday concert was made by the DOE after consultation with the Attorney General's office.
“The Department applauds both the students who were hoping to provide this concert, and the charitable purpose behind it. However, after some consideration, the Department realized that the concert could have been better structured,” Dela Cruz said.
Kahle is Hawaii's only well known atheist who makes God an issue.
He's protested the police department using the words “so help me God” in their oath of office, and got the Honolulu Police Department to remove the words from the oath in September 2002.
On their web site, Kahle proclaims proudly under a cartoon poking fun at the police, that “God Gets the Boot!”
Kahle appears to enjoy the media attention, because they have their media mentions posted prominently throughout their web site dating back for several years including the most exposure he's had in an interview with Bill O'Reilly on Fox's O'Reilly Factor.
But besides threatening letters that on occasion are backed by the ACLU, and the tantrums he's thrown at city hall and the legislature when God is mentioned, Kahle has had few actual legal successes.
Their group is made up of a handful of atheists who want God banished from the planet. One of their main sidekicks is their wife Holly Huber.
Kahle doesn't win in court so much as they get their way by getting people in government to simply bend to their wishes through bullying and threats.
They have intimidated Senate leadership into cancelling its daily prayer during the 60-working day session.
He's pushed the Honolulu City Council leadership into cancelling only prayer a month typically held before its monthly meeting.
He's harassed the military until it took a cross down from its property.
And when loved ones lost their family members on Mothers' Day, May 9, 1999, during a tragic landslide at Sacred Falls park, and they posted eight small crosses by the roadside in remembrance, Kahle insisted the state remove them from the public sidewalk.
Kahle also takes credit for getting Boy Scouts programs and oath restricted on public school campuses in 2002, getting the phrase “I believe in God” removed from Navy youth cards, as well as getting “God Bless America “removed from the tax department and health department facilities shortly after the 9-11-2001 terrorist attack on America.
“I guess it is not a career enhancing move to have your government agency sued, because you stood up to this guy, but someone needs to,” said KSSK's Perry.
“The DOE is in ‘duck and cover mode' because of one guy and one letter. There are all kinds of organizations that would be happy to take them on and win. But they win because they quickly capitulate.”
Perry, who emcees the City Hall Christmas Tree lighting celebration, experienced Kahle's protests firsthand when Kahle, in front of thousands of children, tried to shout down the Buddhist and Christian religious leaders offering prayers ahead of the tree lighting.
When Perry took the stage, they told the children that “someone probably wouldn't be getting a visit from Santa Claus”, and their laughter drowned out their Kahle's protests.
“It is infuriating, this one little gnat keeps buzzing around. That one person who just uses threats can get their way and stop something that will really help people in need.”
There have been government officials who have stood up to Kahle.
House Speaker Calvin Say, a Democrat who represents Palolo, refused to ban prayer in the House of Representatives' daily sessions even after Senate's Democrat leadership capitulated.
Despite the ban on prayer in the Senate, Senate Minority Leader Sam Slom also rebuts Kahle's demands by mentioning God every day in their closing remarks. Kahle is often there with their wife filming Slom.
While the student concert will not go on, New Hope will try to make up for the $30,000 that was promised Mercy Ships, by holding its own concert on Friday, December 7.
The event will take place at 290 Sand Island Access Road at 7:30 p.m.
Ticket holders to The Gift of Hope Charity Concert may use those tickets to attend the New Hope concert. Refunds from the Moanalua Winter program are also available Friday night at New Hope's weekend services or at Moanalua High School. Brownstein said all refunds unclaimed after December 21st will be donated to Mercy Ships.
More on the web
http://www.enewhope.org/news/000768/
http://www.mercyships.org/
Share this: LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Comments
comments
Image copyright AP Image caption North Korea has carried out repeated rocket launches in recent months
North Korea has test-fired a ballistic missile which landed in Japanese waters, South Korea and Japan say.
The missile was launched off the North's east coast early on Wednesday and travelled about 1,000km (620 miles), one of the North's longest launches to date.
Japanese PM Shinzo Abe said it was a "grave threat" to their country.
The North is barred from developing nuclear and ballistic missile technology by UN resolution.
But it had vowed a "physical response" after the US and South Korea agreed plans to deploy and advanced US missile defence system in South Korea.
The North has carried out repeated missile tests in recent months.
'Ambition to attack'
The US Strategic Command said two missiles had been fired simultaneously on Wednesday from Hwanghae province at about 07:50 Seoul time (22:50 GMT Tuesday), but one exploded immediately after launch.
The Japanese defence ministry said the other missile landed inside its exclusive economic zone (EEZ) - the 200 nautical miles of ocean around a country over which it has jurisdiction.
An official at South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff said it appeared to have been a medium-range Rodong.
The launch showed the North's "ambition to attack neighbouring countries", they said. There were no reports of any damage.
Mr Abe said it posed a grave threat to Japan's security, calling it an "unforgiveable act of violence". They said Tokyo had protested strongly against it.
The US similarly condemned the launch.
"We remain prepared to work to respond to further DPRK [Democratic People's Republic of Korea] provocations, as well as to defend ourselves and our allies from any attack or provocation," said State Department spokesperson Anna Richey-Allen.
In June, after what appeared to be several failed launches, North Korea sent a mid-range missile more than 1,400km into the atmosphere, indicating it had made progress in its abilities to strike US targets in the region, according to analysts.
In July, North Korea fired three ballistic missiles into the sea, saying it was a simulated strike on the South.
Local media reports say South Korean officials believe the North is preparing to conduct a fifth test of a nuclear weapon.
But North Korea is not yet believed to have the ability to mount a nuclear warhead on a missile to make a deliverable weapon.
Apocalyptic Nightmares of an Iranian Bomb Are Unfounded
Christian and Jewish fundamentalists have wild fantasies of Iran launching a nuclear war against Israel if they get the bomb. And even atheist warmongers use this fear to justify a preemptive strike.
But the hardliners' argument that Iran's Muslim fanaticism would cause its leaders to launch a nuclear attack on Israel if they get nukes has been undermined by two recent developments.
First, top American and Israeli military and intelligence chiefs say that Iran has not yet decided whether to build nuclear weapons … and that Iran would not use them even if they had them. See this and this.
As the Daily Beast notes:
In 2011, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper testified before Congress that “we continue to judge Iran's nuclear decision-making is guided by a cost-benefit approach.” Last week, Gen. Ron Burgess, director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, told Congress that “the agency assesses Iran is unlikely to initiate or provoke a conflict.” Last weekend, Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told CNN's Fareed Zakaria: “We are of the opinion that Iran is a rational actor.”
Second the New York Times reports that Iran's main religious leader says that the production, possession, use or threatend use of nuclear weapons is a “great sin“:
Echoing sentiments expressed in speeches by Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, [Iranian foreign minister, Ali Akbar] Salehi denied that the nuclear program had a military purpose, saying Iran would be a stronger country without nuclear arms. “We do not see any glory, pride or power in the nuclear weapons — quite the opposite,” they said. They added that on the basis of a religious decree by Ayatollah Khamenei, “the production, possession, use or threat of use of nuclear weapons is illegitimate, futile, harmful, dangerous and prohibited as a great sin.” Mr. Salehi said the existence of nearly 23,000 nuclear weapons in the world posed “the gravest threat” to sustainable international security.
The hardliners' apocalyptic nightmares are unfounded.
The Abbott government is dancing along a fine line as it deals with speculation that it might consider a co-payment for GP bulked-billed visits.
Campaigning in the Griffith byelection Wednesday, deputy Liberal leader Julie Bishop said: “I'm in the cabinet. This has never been proposed. This is not before the cabinet.” The idea had been in “a submission made to the Commission of Audit by an entity … We have no plan for a co-payment”.
On the ABC later, Treasurer Joe Hockey wasn't ruling it out. Asked whether it was a viable option they said: “That is a matter for the Commission of Audit.”
And a close listen to Bishop's “we have no plan” line isn't a rule-out either. It was just designed to leave the impression of doing so. Notably they also said “let the Commission of Audit do its work”.
Bill Glasson, the Liberal candidate in Griffith (one-time president of the Australian Medical Association), who a few weeks ago was open to the idea provided there were adequate safeguards, has received a hammering from Labor. On Wednesday they were also pushing the “no plan” line – and pointing out that the one party that had introduced a co-payment was Labor. That was back at the end of Bob Hawke's prime ministership.
In political terms the co-payment packs quite a punch. Hawke, with left winger Brian Howe as health minister, brought in a modest payment. It became a potent weapon that Paul Keating used in their bid for the leadership. Keating scrapped it when they took over.
Howe today doesn't regret the 1991 co-payment, saying it was part of a mix of policies on GP reform as well as a budget measure, although at a political level there were problems with touching Medicare.
But they oppose going down that route now, which they argue would be just a savings measure rather than more widely policy-based. “I wouldn't start with a co-payment, I would start with thinking about what is the key problem – that is the ageing of the population. And you don't want to discourage older people from going to the doctor.”
From Bishop's and Glasson's comments, they obviously think Labor can do some damage with the spectre in Griffith, Kevin Rudd's old seat, where the contest is said to be tight, the ALP just a nose ahead.
The current debate about a co-payment was sparked by a submission from a health industry think tank, the Australian Centre for Health Research (headed by former state Labor politician Neil Batt) which had Terry Barnes, a former adviser to Tony Abbott when they were health minister, update the Howe co-payment scheme. The Barnes proposal for a $6 co-payment, which would save about $750 million over the forward estimates, was submitted to the Commission of Audit.
The submission said that further research was needed but concluded that “the risks of GP co-payments can be managed by sensible parameters; prudently setting any co-payments at modest levels; and by keeping their operation under continuous expert review to ensure against the unlikely possibility of unintended clinical consequences”.
It would be surprising if the Audit Commission didn't think very seriously about the proposal. Among other things, it has been asked to report on “savings and appropriate price signals – such as the use of co-payments, user-charging or incentive payments – where such signals will help to ensure optimal targeting of programs and expenditure (including to those most in need), while addressing the rising cost of social and other spending”.
The debate about the co-payment highlights one feature of our politics. Often parties' stands on policy are determined not so much by objective analysis but by their political need at the time. What the Hawke government thought sensible, the Shorten opposition condemns.
In the past it was the same with the debate that ended with us getting a GST. A broad based tax on consumption went in and out of favour with Labor.
And the Coalition, which on all philosophical grounds should favour targeted welfare, screamed blue murder at some of the Labor government's means testing.
A modest co-payment, with proper safeguards for low income people, seems a defensible policy when savings are being sought. But it is undoubtedly politically risky.
There is a high attachment to Medicare and any tampering invites a strong reaction. The co-payment would have to be struck at a level where, while sending a price signal, it did not discourage necessary visits to the doctor. But, the argument would run, it can be difficult in marginal cases for the patient to judge when a visit is necessary or at least prudent.
While the co-payment is simple in principle, complications arise in practice – such as the need to extend it to emergency departments, if distortions were not to be introduced into the system. Barnes has subsequently favoured this.
Abbott will be pressed on the co-payment when they campaign in Griffith. Politics will tell them to put a dampener on it; policy considerations will press them to keep it on the table.
Going down the co-payment road would take political courage and cost political capital. If the Commission of Audit recommends it, will be be one of those litmus test issues for the government.
On 15 April, the Supreme People's Court (Court) issued its latest model (or in this case, (all too typical cases): 7 typical cases of judicial misbehavior.
It is part of the name and shame campaign of the Communist Party's Central Disciplinary Inspection Commission (CDIC), that appears to have started in September of last year, in which the CDIC releases typical cases of official corruption or other abuses, in violation of the Communist Party's Eight Point Regulations (aimed at curbing official abuses). As reported in a recent Wall Street Journal article, the CDIC has accelerated the release of cases on its website from weekly to monthly.
Although cases previously released on the CDIC website have included some cases from the judiciary, this is the first time that the Court has released such cases.
The Court issued a document summarizing the cases to the lower courts and to the CDIC (which often takes the lead in investigating judicial misbehavior, because most judicial officials are Communist Party members).
The Seven Cases
Touring at public expense (a group from Kunming (Yunnan Province)'s Panlong District Court used RMB 88,000 in public funds to visit the beach resort of Sanya after participating in a training course in Haikou); Using public funds for gifts (a Shandong district court court president arranged for the purchase of RMB 23,000 in gift cards at a local supermarket and obtained reimbursement as “offiice supplies.”) Obtaining reimbursement for foot massages (two Hubei Province Intermediate Court Division heads submitted RMB 2500 in foot massage receipts; they and the Deputy Court President who approved the reimbursement were punished). Wasteful procurement of office equipment (a Shanxi District Court spent over RMB 200,000 on office equipment ). Using government vehicles for private use (a Shaanxi Province local Deputy Court President and two judicial police officers toured a scenic spot on the way back from an enforcement action); Large scale wedding banquets (a Heilongjiang county judge held large wedding banquets for their daughter and accepted RMB 27500 in monetary gifts); Office misbehavior (a Zhanjiang (Guangdong Province) )District Court division head held a meeting with a litigant wearing slippers and was found to be playing a game on their office computer).
These cases are typical
According to an analysis done by the People's Daily Overseas Edition, these cases are typical of the cases released by the CDIC. Some of the highlights:
Almost 40% of the CDIC cases released involved improper use of public funds or government vehicles;
Of those, almost 25% involved touring at public expense;
A significant number involved improper reimbursement;
Some other “typical cases” involved officials playing computer games in the office (although there were local variations in this category);
About 12% involved “over-the-top” purchases of office equipment or building construction;
the infractions were relatively minor; and
The cases involved local court judges rather than those in provincial level higher people's courts or the Court itself.
Why were these cases released?
It appears likely that the Court released these cases because the CDIC issued a document requiring all government departments and SOEs to provide typical cases (although the document does not appear to have been released publicly) and the Court need to show that it was complying with this document.
Other likely reasons would be similar to those for other government officials: scare judicial personnel, especially those in leadership positions, into complying with Party restrictions. As the above graphic shows, it is meant as a bullhorn to those in leadership position in lower courts. The Court leadership realizes that the widespread public impression that judicial officials fiddle the system and do not take their work seriously is a threat to the court system. The typical cases are intended to provide evidence to ordinary people that the government is serious about corruption in the judiciary, and also to encourage people to report abuses. Why these particular seven cases were selected for release is not known.
The cases were released for the political reasons, not the substantive reasons discussed in my recent blogpost.
The Diamond Summit 2017 is underway in Chicago ahead of C2E2. And Bleeding Cool has eyes and ears on the floor.
The DC Comics panel continued. Dan DiDio had explored the problems. But what was the solution? And what was Dark Matter?
Bringing what makes comics great back to comics…
A classic crossover in the DCU in scope, not number of issues…
And about introducing new concepts, and ideas to the universe. Not recreating what's already there, but expanding on it.
They realize it's hard to introduce new ideas, back issue bins are full of them. But superheroes are the backbone of the Direct Market.
Like the introduction of the Silver Age, the Modern Age, the Rise of Image in the 90's, 3 key moments they have tried to learn from to create Dark Matter.
DC's Master Class – Bringing back the craft to making comics. Using the right people to set the tone and lead the way
Dark matter is about bringing both the artist and writer back together again to create stories. Bringing creators in for summits, etc. Jim Lee, John Romita JR, Greg Cappulo, Andy Kubert – Looking at what they can do to turbocharge the industry. What have they not done before. Bringing the artists back into collaborations. Bring the artists in early, get a view of the entire project, instead of just seeing a couple 3-5 pages at a time. Bringing the writer and artist face to face, eye to create a better collaboration.
Using the best creators to create new characters. Artists start at the inception of the idea from the writer.
Andy Kubert – Still hears their father's voice in their head. Keep things clear, keep them simple. Still uses their dad's drawing board that they got from Infantinoo.
JRJR – could never be as good as their father. They see their father's art in their head and “my shit” on the paper. (lots of laughter).
Both Kuberts and JR's father told them to learn to draw everything. Backgrounds, phones, trees, etc.
Greg was not “fortunate enough to have a famous artist father. The sunglasses are to “hide their shame”. (lots of laughter)
Greg thought they were great when they would pitch to Marvel at the begining of their career, until they informed them otherwise. Larry Hama took them in and like Andy's and JR's father, including JR senior, taught them how to draw comics better. It's like film directing, and they need to know what looks great on a page. They are vital because they take the great ideas of writers, and show those ideas on the page in the best way through collaboration. Todd McFarlane would call them up and explain the story over the phone before the script was made. Greg could then lay out the book they way the story would look best visually, and then Todd could add in the dialog when they were done. Lots of freedom to collaborate and go back and forth, each creator adding their skill together to create something better.
Jim – Trying to harken back to the days of Stan and Jack. Trying to make that process work in todays environment. Trying to move away from full script and allow more free reign for the artists. A new experience for a lot of writers, who are working in plot scripts now instead of full scripts.
They seem really excited about the new process. Greg says its like playing in a band, adds spontenaity, more fun.
Greg explains how them and Scott butted heads at the beginning, because Scott always worked in full scripts. Greg worked in plots. Scott was controlling, and Greg pushed him. Eventually they learned that giving them both room to do their work created a better product. Greg likes their colorist and inker, and doesn't tell them how to do it. They like their work and wants them to put themselves in it. Work with people you trust, don't call all the shots, and let everyone play their instrument and you will get a better peice of work.
Andy has all the pages on DK3 done.
JrJR – The Man without Fear was an outline for a failed movie project. Was supposed to be 64 pages, turned into over 100, because their ideas grew in their head. Plots allow for more freedom then full scripts. Makes them C0-Creators instead of Writer and Artist.
Neil Gaiman told Andy that they were the Director. They were the Artist. Neil provided the story, Andy got to show it to people. Andy worked the same way on DK3. Constant discussions with the writer all throughout.
Dan jokes that Scott was now terrified of Greg because of how they pushed him. Scott apparently now adds to their scripts “or whatever you want :) “ (may be more joke then reality). It was a constant joke thorughout about how Greg “pushed” Scott.
They want EGO last, TEAM first. Micromanging is the death of stories.
Master Class will expand beyond the four.
JrJr is looking forward to telling writers to “Shut up” and let them do their work, much like Greg did with Scott. (more laughter)
Time to find out what the comics actually are…
You can follow more of our Diamond Summit coverage here.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
August 5, 2014
Bundled Extra: Nobrow Announces US Release For Moonhead
Tucker Stone wrote CR this morning to announce the widespread US availability of Moonhead And The Music Machine, by illustrator and animator
Stone describes the work in their PR as follows: Moonhead And The Music Machine, the latest release from Nobrow, introduces us to Joey Moonhead, a normal kid with a moon for a head. Heâs got problems just like any other high school kid: bullies, crushes, class, and they want to win the school talent show so that they can prove to everybody that heâs more than just the kid with a moon for a head â heâs a star.
Joey Moonhead is a loveable teenage outcast, and Andrew Rae brings their poignant underdog story to life with beautiful, loud colors and a vibrant mixture of gawky teenage drama and psychedelic daydreams. Rae populates the world of Moonhead And The Music Machine with a wealth of delightfully offbeat characters and a heartwarming understanding of musicâs innate ability to transform us. is a member of the Peepshow Collective whose clients include Wired and the New York Times.
The book is 176 pages in hardcover, full-color. It retails for $24.95.
posted 9:15 am PST | Permalink
Daily Blog Archives
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
Full Archives
Tucker Stone wrotethis morning to announce the widespread US availability of, by illustrator and animator Andrew Rae , from publisher Nobrow Press. The work had previously been out for UK audiences, but is on a different schedule for the US -- it ships today to American retailers, and is also available via order.Stone describes the work in their PR as follows: Rae is a member of the Peepshow Collective whose clients includeand theThe book is 176 pages in hardcover, full-color. It retails for $24.95.
The US sitcom bowed out in 2014 after a nine-season run on CBS.
20th Century Fox has said it remains hopeful that its hit sitcom How I Met Your Mother will eventually return.
Produced by Fox for US network CBS, How I Met Your Mother ran for nine seasons between 2005 and 2014. The show's cast was led by Neil Patrick Harris, Jason Segel, Cobie Smulders, Josh Radnor and Alyson Hannigan.
“I hope we will have an opportunity to revisit these characters and tell these stories if (the creators and stars) have the desire to do it,” Fox's TV chairperson Dana Walden said yesterday (May 12), according to Deadline. “It's a beloved show that still continues to be popular all over the world.”
In March, it was reported that a mooted How I Met Your Mother spin-off series had been delayed. The spin-off was being steered by Isaac Aptaker and Elizabeth Berger, who had also been serving as co-executive producers and writers on another hit US series, This Is Us.
However, Aptaker and Elizabeth Berger have since been promoted to showrunners on This Is Us, meaning the How I Met Your Mother spin-off has been placed “on the back burner”, according to reports.
Aptaker and Berger's spin-off is the second attempt to continue the How I Met Your Mother franchise. In 2014, when the original show ended, a spin-off called How I Met Your Dad was immediately ordered by CBS. A pilot starring Greta Gerwig was filmed but never aired.
I've been using a small script to monitor when my PGP master and subkeys expire for a while now. You just supply it with an email address which can be used to locate the private key in your GnuPG keyring, and the number of days before expiry you want to start being alerted. It prints out nothing unless your key is within that expiry period range. You may find it useful:
use strict; use warnings; use POSIX qw( mktime ) ; my $today = mktime( 0 , 0 , 12 ,( localtime ())[ 3 .. 5 ]); my @email = grep ( ! /^\d+$/ , @ARGV ); my ( $days ) = grep ( /^\d+$/ , @ARGV ); my %done = (); foreach my $email (@email) { foreach my $line ( split ( /\r?
/ , `gpg --list-sigs $email 2>/dev/null` )) { next unless $line =~ /^([sp]ub) .+ \S+\/(\S+) \S+ \[expire[ds]: (\d+)-(\d+)-(\d+)\]$/ ; my ( $type, $id, $expires ) = ( $1, $2, mktime( 0 , 0 , 12 ,$5,$4- 1 ,$3- 1900 ) ); next if exists $done{$id}; $done{$id}= 1 ; my $remaining = int (($expires - $today)/ 86400 ); if (! defined $days || $remaining <= $days) { print "PGP ${type} key $id expires in $remaining days ($email)
" ; } } }
My cron job runs daily and warns me when I'm within a week of expiry:
Media playback is not supported on this device Rio 2016 Olympics: Majlinda Kelmendi wins Kosovo's first ever gold
Olympic Games on the BBC Hosts: Rio de Janeiro Dates: 5-21 August Rio time: BST -4 Coverage: Watch on BBC One, BBC Two, BBC Four, Red Button and up to 24 HD video streams on mobile, desktop, connected TVs and app, plus follow-on Radio 5 live and via live text commentary.
Majlinda Kelmendi became Kosovo's first Olympic medallist as they took gold in the women's -52kg judo in Rio.
Kelmendi, 25, overpowered Italy's Odette Giuffrida with a yuko to claim victory at their second Games, having represented Albania at London 2012.
There was a surprise in the men's -66kg as Fabio Basile of Italy beat South Korea's An Baul in emphatic fashion.
The unseeded Basile dominated their opponent to win Italy's first gold medal of these Games.
Japan's Misato Nakamura and Russia's Natalia Kuziutina won bronze in the women's event, while Masashi Ebinuma of Japan and Uzbekistan's Rishod Sobirov also secured bronze in the men's.
Kosovo's Olympic Committee was established in 1992 but only recognised by the International Olympic Committee in 2014. The disputed territory declared independence from Serbia in 2008.
Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
This is the heartbreaking moment young girls in Kenya are sold into arranged marriages for a dowry of livestock as part of a traditional ceremony which marks their passing into womanhood.
Clad in tribal jewellery and with their hair tied up in braids, some of the women can be seen struggling as they are hauled away, traded by their fathers for 20 goats, three camels, and ten cows.
Many of the girls, who are members of the Pokot tribe, are not aware they have been bargained away until their husbands come to collect them after spending a month in isolation before the ceremony takes place.
Often their parents will keep the details of the marriage hidden for fear that their daughter will run away if they find out about the deal they have made.
As part of the ritual, which lasts a day and night, the village men will also select a bull from the herd of cows which the women will punch into submission before it is executed with a spear-thrust to the heart.
This particular ceremony took place in the bush around 30 miles (50km) from the town of Marigat in Baringo County which is home to around 133,000 plains Pokot.
Many of the girls will be as young as 14, despite Kenyan law now forbidding childhood marriage. As with many tribal customs, however, strict adherence to tradition is considered more important than complying with the law.
The Pokots developed their social structure and practices in order to maximise their chances of survival of each household in an often difficult and hostile environment, but they are coming to be viewed as barbaric and unacceptable in modern-day Kenya.
During the ceremony the girls will sing and stay standing from the afternoon through out the night and the morning after. At the end of the ceremony, the girls and the boys of the community dance together, supervised by elders.
While the images show the girls' shock and distress at what is happening to them, it is unlikely to be the first time they have suffered hardships at the hands of their parents and tribal tradition.
The Pokot people are also known to practice female genital mutilation, a practice whereby parts of a woman's sexual organs are removed using scissors, a razor blade, or glass before they are sewn up and have their legs bound together until the wounds heal.
The tradition is carried out at a much younger age than the forced marriages, in the belief it will help to keep the girls pure until the time comes for them to undergo the ceremony that will see them become women.
However, as the ceremonies are usually carried out by unskilled quack doctors operating miles from any hospital and with no anesthetic or antibiotics, deaths are common due to blood loss or infection.
If the girls do not die, then the stitches can cause them terrible pain and discomfort for the rest of their lives, especially during childbirth.
As with child marriage, the practice has now been outlawed in Kenya, with a maximum penalty of life in jail if a girl dies, but so far there have been no successful prosecutions.
Between Kenya and Uganda there are around 700,000 native Pokot speakers, with the vast majority living in West Pokot county.
Pokot society is largely divided in two between the hills Pokot, who live in rainy uplands and are mostly farmers, and the plains Pokot, who roam the dry lowlands and are mostly cattle herders.
Original Article
Share This
For a limited time purchase theRiser and receive complimentary copy of Flux Transitions Expansion a $10 value
Stops Hearts. Tops Charts.
The Riser is an all-new instrument for designing musical transitions of epic proportions. A powerful, synth-based instrument, The Riser features all of the tools you need to compose heart-stopping transitions in one intuitive user-interface. In seconds, you can construct rises, falls, swells, fades, and more, based on our coveted sound synthesis technology. For instant inspiration, The Riser includes 300 pro-grade presets that you can edit, deconstruct, copy, mangle, and implement into your tracks.
Transitions add suspense, hype, drama, and movement to your music. Cymbal swells and reversed instruments were go-to transitions for years, until the DAW pioneered fast and flexible audio editing, paving the way for complex sound effects. When combined with synths and other audio shaping tools, transitions completed their metamorphosis from science to art. Until now, this process has convoluted and time-intensive, taking attention away from the overall project itself. The composer spent more time trying to get plugins, virtual sample players, hardware effects, sound modules, and other gear to play nice with each other – and that was before hitting “record”.
A 3-for-All
Featuring the most powerful and musical virtual synthesis available, The Riser can be used to create classic transitions or effects never-before-heard by human ears. The core of The Riser's mojo are three continuously variable oscillators; sweep, noise and chord. Each oscillator features a dedicated Filter send and graphical parameter depiction.
Sweep – featuring volume, frequency and oscillator shape – dictates the direction and progression of the transition. Create rises, falls, stops, and swells with audible and visible feedback.
Providing volume, shape, and pitch controls, the Noise oscillator infuses texture into your transition. Start shaping to add grit, bite, hiss, punch, and more to the effect.
The Riser's Chord oscillator introduces you to an uncharted creative continent. Use it to match The Riser's sonic structure to your song's key (or a contrasting one) and blend it to taste; it can be as musical as you want.
Three Low Frequency Oscillators (LFOs) provide additional modulation to your transition. A tempo-sync'd LFO works in harmony with the native song tempo in your DAW to increase the transition's complexity. The second LFO is free-running, meaning it has not ties to the native tempo. Third, the Pumper effect modulates the synthesis with dynamics control in tandem with track tempo. This pulsating effect adds punch and movement to the transition, and features various time divisions and depth controls for adapting to or accentuating your track.
For those looking for turn-key transitions, our team of sound designers have constructed 300 fully editable presets across various types, bringing modern, useable transitions to your project.
Wide Compatibility
The Riser offers unequalled flexibility with your current production/composition setup. Available for Mac or PC and in AU, VST and AAX formats, it can operate as an instrument in nearly any DAW such as Logic Pro X, Cubase, Ableton Live, Pro Tools, Sonar, Digital Performer, Reaper and more. It does not require specialty sample players or proprietary software in order to be used in your DAW project – simply call it up when you need it, and use it. Further, you can map your favorite keyboard or controller to the virtual knobs and faders within your The Riser or most DAWs, offering seamless operation with your composition style.
Get effected
We put the essential effects for transition design into The Riser, for fast access to studio-grade audio manipulation heaven. A tempo-sync'd delay with time-division can slap or drench your transition with the subtlety of a feather – or sledgehammer. To add space to your patch, mix in one of 4 reverb types, all of which are completely adjustable to complement your track. To really grab the listener, we incorporated Panning and Width controls, letting you master stereo positioning and intimacy. The Filter section features over 20 types, ranging from low-pass, high-pass, band-pass, multi-pole/pass combos, band reject, and phase shift. When used in concert with The Riser's LFOs and variable oscillators, you get standout results with signature flair.
Invert Your Thinking
Experimentation is the key to inspiration, and The Riser gives you a few additional tricks to unlock new sounds. A randomizer will randomly select values for the main parameters to give you that create spark. The Invert mode will reverse the transition, letting you hear it with the direction switched. Rises become falls, swells become fades, and more. Tap the Swap button and those inversions will override your current setup, making it easy to create complementary patches and save them as presets along the way.
Like You've Never Experienced Before.
We understand the science behind the suspense and emotion that a great transition delivers. Until now, recreating the transition in your head has been a convoluted, manual process. The Riser puts intuitive sound-shaping tools right where you need them so you can design effects that keep the listener on the edge of their seat.
Where exactly should we draw the line between “figure” and “statue”?
Just because you don't have space for a gigantic inflatable Pokémon doesn't mean that you can't show your passion for anime in an over-the-top way. Manga and anime publisher Shogakukan is here with a solution that's a bit more compact, yet no more intense with a premium-priced life-size “figure,” as it insists on calling the 160-centimeter (five-foot, three-inch) tall piece of merchandise.
Manga artist Rumiko Takahashi has churned out a number of hits in their decades-spanning career, each with at least a memorable hero, such as Inu Yasha's time-travelling schoolgirl Kagome, Maison Ikkoku's young widow Kyoko, and One-Pound Gospel's nun-in-training Sister Angela. Heck, Takahashi's Ranma 1/2 had roughly a half-dozen lovely young ladies in its regular cast (although gentleman with taste only had eyes for okonomiyaki chef Ukyo).
But by far Takahashi's most enduringly popular character is Lum, the alien princess from the artist's breakout series Urusei Yatsura.
▼ Seen here in their regular outfit of a tiger-striped bikini and accompanied by their cherubic cousin Ten
Even though the Urusei Yatsura manga wrapped up in 1987, Lum remains one of Japan's best-loved 2-D icons, and even now she's in demand as a spokesperson for ramen, energy drinks, and fashion accessories. Them the latest venture, though, is a 1:1-scale statue being sold through Shogakukan's Pal Shop.
Preorders won't be starting until mid-January, but a handful of preview pictures of the fiber-reinforced plastic figure have been released. Production is being limited to just 50 hand-made units, and is also being supervised by Takahashi themselves to ensure the final product is a proper match for their character that has appeared in nearly 200 anime episodes and many more manga chapters.
While in-anime Lum can levitate, the statue will come with a steel base, autographed by Takahashi, no less. Finished versions will come pre-painted.
Shogakukan is running a promotion in which one lucky winner who follows the figure's official Twitter account and retweets tweets with Lumpre (ラムプレ in Japanese), or who likes articles with Lumpre in the title on Facebook, will receive a stature free of charge. Otherwise, you'll have to shell out one million yen (US$8,330) for it, which, mercifully, includes shipping.
Granted, for that same amount of money you could buy yourself a compact car, but really, if you love Lum that much, are you really going to go anywhere while she's hanging out in your apartment?
Related: Life-size Lum figure website, Twitter, Facebook
Source: Comic Natalie
Top image: Pal Shop, Twitter/@lumfigure (edited by RocketNews24)
Insert images: Twitter/@lumfigure, Comic Natalie, Pal Shop (edited by RocketNews24
Movie star and potential 2020 presidential candidate Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson, has taken exception with how President Trump has dealt with politically outspoken athletes.
According to “The Rock,” the players just want “to be heard.”
Johnson told InStyle Magazine, “When the players are kneeling as a last resort, as a desire to be heard, clearly they're not being heard. It's an opportunity for our leaders, our president and their staff, to hear them, truly hear them, and not be angry.”
Though, Johnson doesn't merely confine their criticisms to how Trump has handled anthem-protesting NFL players. The actor and former wrestler also addressed the president's criticism of NBA star Steph Curry, after the Warriors guard said they didn't want to visit the White House.
Johnson said, “Steph is a very good buddy of mine—I know them and their family. And at the time when they declined the offer, I felt like it was our president's perfect opportunity to say, ‘Now you must come to the White House and sit down with me, and I must hear you and understand you.'”
Johnson continued, “What we're in need of is a greater leadership that's inclusive and truly hears the people and doesn't have a knee-jerk reaction out of anger. Scenarios like this, while divisive, also clarify what we really want in the future. And we'll have a chance in a few years to cast another vote, and we'll see where the American people are when that time comes.”
Remarking on their own potential political aspirations, Johnson stayed vague while saying he's keeping a close eye on future developments.
“Where we're at right now is just quietly observing everything happening on the political landscape, and when the next election comes along … I will be watching very intently,” Johnson explained.
Johnson and Tom Hanks jokingly announced a presidential run on Saturday Night Live. However, even before that skit, Johnson called a future in politics a “real possibility.”
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg praised Italy's significant contributions to the Alliance during talks with Prime Minister Matteo Renzi in Rome on Tuesday (24 May 2016). “For more than sixty years, Italy has been a driving force within NATO,” the Secretary General said.
Mr. Stoltenberg thanked Italy for its contributions to NATO's Baltic Air Policing mission in the east and to Operation Active Endeavour in the Mediterranean. They also welcomed that Italy will soon play a leading role in NATO's new Spearhead Force, which will enable the Alliance to respond rapidly to threats from any direction. They added that Italy makes major contributions to Allied missions in Afghanistan and Kosovo, and hosts a new cutting-edge capability in Sigonella: Alliance Ground Surveillance. This capability will increase NATO's capacity to monitor emerging challenges in the south.
During their talks, the Secretary General and Prime Minister Renzi discussed the next steps NATO will take at the Warsaw Summit to strengthen the Alliance's collective defence and deterrence. The leaders underscored the importance of projecting stability beyond NATO's borders, helping local forces secure their own countries against violent extremism. Mr. Stoltenberg noted that NATO stands ready to support Libya with advice on defence and security institution building, if so requested and as part of UN-led efforts. They added that Libya will soon send a team of experts to NATO to identify how the Alliance could best assist.
The leaders also reviewed plans to deepen NATO's cooperation with the European Union. The Secretary General welcomed the Italian proposal for closer coordination with the EU in the Mediterranean. They noted that NATO is looking into how it can contribute to address common challenges and threats in the Mediterranean.
Blogging on App Engine, part 6: Comments and Search
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under coding, app-engine, tech, bloggart
This is part of a series of articles on writing a blogging system on App Engine. An overview of what we're building is here.
Today we're going to tackle two separate issues: Support for commenting on posts, and support for search. Commenting is fairly straightforward, so we'll deal with that first.
Commenting
Rather than implement our own comments system, we're going to take advantage of an existing 'SaaS' commenting offering, Disqus. Disqus provides simple drop in Javascript powered comment support, and has, by now, a rather impressive feature set, incorporating support for various login schemes - their own, OpenID, facebook connect, Twitter, and others - as well as advanced functionality like finding and displaying 'reactions' from social sites around the web along with comments from users.
Integrating disqus support is straightforward. Since some people might not want to use it, or might want to use an alternate system, however, we're going to use a new config setting to ensure we only enable it if it's wanted. Add the following to the bottom of config.py:
# To use disqus for comments, set this to the 'short name' of the disqus forum # created for the purpose. disqus_forum = None
Next, we need to add the Disqus javascript to the post pages. Open up post.html and add the following just before the final endblock directive:
{% if config.use_disqus %} <h3 id="comments">Comments</h3> <div id="disqus_thread"></div> {% if devel %} <script type="text/javascript"> disqus_developer = 1; </script> {% endif %} <script type="text/javascript" src="http://disqus.com/forums/{{config.disqus_form}}/embed.js"></script <noscript><a href="http://disqus.com/forums/{{config.disqus_forum}}/?url=ref">View the discussion thread.</a></noscript> <a href="http://disqus.com">blog comments powered by <span>Disqus</span></a> {% endif %}
That's all that's required to add disqus comment support (besides signing up for Disqus for your site, which we'll cover in a moment). Note how we conditionally set the 'disqus_developer' Javascript variable - this permits testing Disqus support locally, without having to sign up for an account for 'localhost'.
Disqus does offer one useful additional feature: Comment count support on listing pages. Implementing this is nearly as simple - open up listing.html, and add the following straight after the existing 'read more' link:
<a href="{{post.path}}">Read more</a> | {% if config.use_disqus %} <a href="{{post.path}}#disqus_thread">Comments</a> | {% endif %} <span>{{post.published|date:"d F, Y"}}</span>
And add the following block just before the final endblock directive:
{% if config.use_disqus %} <script type="text/javascript"> //<![CDATA[ (function() { var links = document.getElementsByTagName('a'); var query = '?'; for(var i = 0; i < links.length; i++) { if(links[i].href.indexOf('#disqus_thread') >= 0) { query += 'url' + i + '=' + encodeURIComponent(links[i].href) + '&'; } } document.write('<script charset="utf-8" type="text/javascript" src="http://disqus.com/forums/bloggart-demo/get_num_replies.js' + query + '"></' + 'script>'); })(); //]]> </script> {% endif %}
Now, listing pages will automatically show comment counts associated with each post.
Finally, in order to actually use disqus, you need to sign your site up. It's free, you simply need to go here, sign up for a disqus account if you don't have one already, and follow the instructions. When presented with the option, you can enable whatever set of additional features you feel comfortable with.
Note that if you've just added comment support to your blog, you'll need to edit any existing posts to trigger regeneration of them before you see the Disqus comments. We'll discuss how to do this regeneration when templates change in a more automated fashion in a later post.
Search
For search, we're again going to use an external service. The reasons for this are the same as for using external comments, only more so: Implementing search ourselves would be an involved undertaking, and the end result is unlikely to be as good as a third-party implementation we could have simply plugged right in and used. In this case, we're going to use a Google CSE, or Custom Search Engine.
The standard procedure for setting up a CSE requires you to sign up for one, specify all your details, and so forth, then copy a unique code into your site's markup. However, there is another option, called a linked CSE, which allows us to use a Custom Search Engine without any pre-configuration at all. This has major benefits for us, because we want to make it easy for other people to install Bloggart without having to go through the entire signup and configuration process of setting up their own CSE. Another feature of CSEs we'll take advantage of is the ability to host search results inside our own site, which significantly improves the look and feel.
Unfortunately, adding CSE support is going to be more complex than it may appear at first glance. So far, our static serving technique has served us well (if you'll forgive the pun), but here we're presented with a conundrum: The CSE definition file and the search results page don't depend on blog posts, so we can't use our existing dependency regeneration system to build them. They're not entirely static, either - they need to contain values taken from config.py - so we can't simply include them in the app as static resources. As a result, we're going to have to develop a new system for generating this sort of static resources.
Post-deploy tasks
What we'll do is develop a simple system of 'post deploy' hooks. These hooks get run the first time you access the admin page of your Bloggart instance after deploying a new version. Create a new file called post_deploy.py, and start off by defining the following function:
def run_deploy_task(): """Attempts to run the per-version deploy task.""" task_name = 'deploy-%s' % os.environ['CURRENT_VERSION_ID'].replace('.', '-') try: deferred.defer(try_post_deploy, _name=task_name, _countdown=10) except (taskqueue.TaskAlreadyExistsError, taskqueue.TombstonedTaskError), e: pass
Here we're generating a task name from the current version number, and using the deferred library to enqueue a task using that name. The Task Queue API guarantees that a task with a given name is unique, and that even after it's run, it can't be reused for at least a week, and we'll make use of this to ensure that the post-deploy task doesn't run every time we load the page. If the task already exists, or has already run, an exception will be thrown; we simply catch and ignore the exception.
Next, define try_post_deploy:
def try_post_deploy(): """Runs post_deploy() iff it has not been run for this version yet.""" version_info = models.VersionInfo.get_by_key_name( os.environ['CURRENT_VERSION_ID']) if not version_info: post_deploy()
This function will be run from a task queue task. Since a deployed version of Bloggart may stick around for a lot longer than a week, relying on the task name alone isn't entirely satisfactory; we'll use a datastore model to indicate if the upgrade process has already been run. The model is defined in models.py:
class VersionInfo(db.Model): bloggart_major = db.IntegerProperty(required=True) bloggart_minor = db.IntegerProperty(required=True) bloggart_rev = db.IntegerProperty(required=True) @property def bloggart_version(self): return (self.bloggart_major, self.bloggart_minor, self.bloggart_rev)
If a VersionInfo entity matching the currently deployed version isn't found, then, we finally run the post_deploy function:
def post_deploy(): """Carries out post-deploy functions, such as rendering static pages.""" q = models.VersionInfo.all() q.order('-bloggart_major') q.order('-bloggart_minor') q.order('-bloggart_rev') previous_version = q.get() for task in post_deploy_tasks: task(previous_version) new_version = models.VersionInfo( key_name=os.environ['CURRENT_VERSION_ID'], bloggart_major = BLOGGART_VERSION[0], bloggart_minor = BLOGGART_VERSION[1], bloggart_rev = BLOGGART_VERSION[2]) new_version.put()
This function is divided into three parts. The first part looks for an existing VersionInfo entity indicating the most recent version that was installed before the current one. This will be useful in future, in case we need to run tasks to handle migration between versions - for example, if we change the data model. Next, we iterate through a list of post_deploy_tasks, and run each one, passing in the previous version. Finally, we create a new VersionInfo entity for the current bloggart version and app version, and store it to the datastore, ensuring the post_deploy process won't be run again for this deployment.
post_deploy_tasks is a simple list of functions; let's write one to generate the static pages, since that's why we started all this in the first place:
def generate_static_pages(pages): def generate(previous_version): for path, template in pages: rendered = utils.render_template(template) static.set(path, rendered, config.html_mime_type) return generate
We're using Python's support for nested functions and closures again here, wrapping a simple function that generates a list of templates and saves them to the appropriate path. Here's how it's used:
post_deploy_tasks = [] post_deploy_tasks.append(generate_static_pages([ ('/search', 'search.html'), ('/cse.xml', 'cse.xml'), ]))
Back to search
Now that we've figured out how to generate our static pages, it's time to get back to dealing with what we're generating. First, we should add a search box to the blog. Edit base.html, and add the following straight after the header-image div:
<div id="header-image"></div> <form id="quick-search" action="/search" method="get"> <p> <label for="q">Search:</label> <input type="hidden" name="cref" value="http://{{config.host}}/cse.xml" /> <input type="hidden" name="cof" value="FORID:11" /> <input type="hidden" name="ie" value="UTF-8" /> <input type="text" name="q" size="31" /> <input type="image" name="sa" value="Search" src="/static/{{config.theme}}/images/search.gif" alt="Search" /> </p> </form> <script type="text/javascript" src="http://www.google.com/coop/cse/brand?form=quick-search&lang=en"></script>
This form is mostly prescribed by the CSE documentation here. Note that the form submits to a page on our site with the URL '/search', and the 'cref' form field refers to a 'cse.xml'. cse.xml is the xml definition file for our Custom Search Engine. The format for it is described here. Ours is fairly straightforward:
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?> <GoogleCustomizations> <CustomSearchEngine volunteers="false" visible="false" encoding="utf-8"> <Title>{{config.blog_name}}</Title> <Description>{{config.slogan}}</Description> <Context> <BackgroundLabels> <Label name="cse_include" mode="FILTER" /> <Label name="cse_exclude" mode="ELIMINATE" /> </BackgroundLabels> </Context> <LookAndFeel nonprofit="false" /> </CustomSearchEngine> <Annotations> <Annotation about="http://{{config.host}}/*"> <Label name="cse_include" /> </Annotation> </Annotations> </GoogleCustomizations>
We won't go into detail about how this works here - if you're interested, check out the specification and documentation, linked above.
Finally, the search results page. Create search.html, and enter the following:
{% extends "base.html" %} {% block title %}Search results - {{config.blog_name}}{% endblock %} {% block body %} <div id="cse-search-results"></div> <script type="text/javascript"> var googleSearchIframeName = "cse-search-results"; var googleSearchFormName = "cse-search-box"; var googleSearchFrameWidth = 649; var googleSearchDomain = "www.google.com"; var googleSearchPath = "/cse"; </script> <script type="text/javascript" src="http://www.google.com/afsonline/show_afs_search.js"></script> {% endblock %}
As you can see, we're simply inheriting the basic site style, and inserting the script snippet required to have Google insert our search results inline, in the page.
With that, we're done - you should now be able to enter search terms in the search box anywhere on the site, and have the results displayed inline, embedded in the search results page of our site. Remember that if your site is new and has not yet been indexed by Google, the results will likely be empty - that will change as you start linking to your blog from elsewhere, of course.
As always, you can see the blog so far at http://bloggart-demo.appspot.com/, while the source for this stage is available here.
Edit: Note that the original version of the disqus support failed to substitute the forum's name (the {{config.disqus_forum}} variable). The code in the article and in the latest version of the repository has been updated, but the code shown in the repository linked above remains the old version.
In the next post, we'll show how to migrate content from an existing blog.
Disqus
Perhaps the most remarkable thing about President Obama's State of the Union speech last night is how little they said about the Affordable Care Act, their signature legislative achievement that continues to dominate national politics and public opinion about Washington, D.C.
The text of the President's speech was twelve pages long. Less than a page was devoted to health care (about 460 words out of nearly 6,800), after which they quickly moved on to talk about gun control and immigration. They made no mention of the problems that have plagued the law's rollout, offered no ideas about how to fix it, and did not acknowledge the estimated 5.4 million people who have had their insurance plans cancelled as a direct result of ACA regulations.
What they did manage to get into those 460 words was this data point: “More than nine million Americans have signed up for private health insurance or Medicaid coverage.”
That part about Medicaid is important because it accounts for about 6.3 million (or more than two-thirds) of those the administration claims the ACA has helped gain coverage. This figure comes from data published last week by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), which tallies Medicaid applications and admissions from October 1 to December 31.
As Sean Trende explained earlier this month, there is a crucial, hard-to-answer question behind these figures: how many of these sign-ups are because of ObamaCare and how many are people who entered the system through normal (pre-ObamaCare) channels?
As it did with October and November, CMS sorted the nearly 2.3 million new Medicaid enrollees for December by state, grouping states that have expanded Medicaid and states that have not. According to the data, 1.23 million new enrollees came from expansion states and 1.06 million came from non-expansion states (in November, these categories were inverted, with fewer enrollees from expansion than from non-expansion states—780,000 and 960,000, respectively.) In Texas, December saw a 15 percent drop in the number of applications compared to the monthly average from July through September of last year, before enrollment opened on the exchanges (94,666 versus 112,185).
Of the 3.9 million new Medicaid enrollees in October and November, only about 1.9 million were from states that expanded Medicaid. Add in the December numbers (1.23 million) and you have about 3.1 million who enrolled in Medicaid expansion states from October through December. As Trende noted in their analysis of the October and November numbers, we don't know how many of those people were already eligible for Medicaid, and the CMS figures include CHIP enrollment, which isn't part of the ObamaCare Medicaid expansion.
What do all these numbers mean? For one thing, it means that about half of the 6.3 million new Medicaid enrollees from October 1 to December 31 are not beneficiaries of ObamaCare, which means the President's “more than nine million” figure is a gross exaggeration.
(Remember, also, that states sign up millions of people for Medicaid every month and that enrollees are constantly going on and off the program—what's called “churn”—so the numbers of applications and enrollments in each state should be understood in that context.)
The rest of the “more than nine million” are those who have selected a private insurance plan on one of the ObamaCare exchanges—selected, not purchased. The U.S. Dept. of Health and Human Services is not releasing data about how many people have paid their first month's premium and are in fact insured, so there is no way to know for sure.
But even assuming that most of those who select a plan have actually paid for it, the numbers are still remarkably low. In Texas, which has the highest uninsured rate in the country and about 6.2 million uninsured residents, only about 118,000 people had signed up for coverage on the exchange as of December 28.
Also remarkable is that most of those signing up are not in fact uninsured. According to the Wall Street Journal, of the 2.2 million people who enrolled in coverage on the exchanges through December, 65 to 90 percent were people who already had insurance. Megan McArdle noted last week that various sources estimate the number of previously uninsured people who have thus far signed up for coverage is less than 750,000 nationwide.
All this means that, for all the disruption and damage ObamaCare has wrought on businesses and individuals—including those 5.4 million Americans whose plans have been canceled—less than 4 million people nationwide have been covered as a result of the law, and the vast majority of these have been dumped into Medicaid, by far the worst form of coverage in the country.
No wonder the President was willing to exaggerate the ObamaCare numbers, gloss over the law's problems, and quickly move on to other things in their State of the Union speech. So far, there isn't much to brag about.
Newcastle United have exercised an option to buy Spanish midfielder Mikel Merino, converting their loan move into a permanent transfer with immediate effect.
The 21-year-old, who initially joined the Magpies on loan from Borussia Dortmund in July, has now committed their future to United, penning a permanent five-year deal which will keep them at St. James' Park until 2022.
Since arriving on Tyneside, the highly-rated Spanish under-21 international has impressed, featuring in all seven Premier League games so far this term on their way to winning the FUN88 Player of the Month award for August.
During their time at Newcastle, the former Osasuna man has also made three appearances for Spain Under-21s, scoring twice – including their strike in their 4-1 win over Slovakia on Tuesday.
“I'm really happy to be here, and for this part of the contract to finally be official. I'm happy to be here for five more years and I hope to keep playing for this club and to give good things to all the people and the club,” they told NUFC TV.
“I have been focussed on football always, but it's good to know it's now official and people will know it. I'm focussed on my displays and improving myself, and I'm really happy to have signed this contract.”
Manager Rafa Benítez added: “I'm really pleased we have been able to bring Mikel to the club permanently. They have played very well since they joined us. They have settled in quickly, has a lot of quality on the ball and is keen to learn – that is a crucial part of their future development.
“He has made a great impression at the club, and they are a good professional. They have confidence, but they are still young and has things to improve. They have to keep working hard and playing well, and hopefully they can improve and enjoy playing here.”
Powering Potential Inc. (PPI) aims to enhance education opportunities for students in Tanzania with the help of the Raspberry Pi and open source technology.
“I believe technology is a vital part of the modern human experience. It enlightens. It ties us together. It broadens our horizons and teaches us what we can be. I believe everyone deserves access to these resources,” says Janice Lathen, Founding Director and President of PPI.
The project's three main technology goals are:
Providing access to offline digital educational resources
Providing schools with technology infrastructure (computers and solar power) so that they can offer the national curriculum of Information and Computer Studies
Offering technology training
In their efforts to achieve these goals, PPI also promotes the values of cooperation and community. We spoke with Lathen to learn more.
Linux.com: Please tell our readers about the Powering Potential program. What inspired you?
Janice Lathen: I founded Powering Potential Inc. (PPI) in 2006. That was the year I visited Tanzania for the first time. During a photo safari vacation, our driver stopped at a rural school called Banjika Secondary. When I greeted them in Swahili, they responded with incredible warmth and enthusiasm. I was amazed to see how dedicated the Tanzanian children were to their education, in spite of having so little. Textbooks were scarce, and some classes didn't even have enough desks for all the students. When I got home I started the work of founding Powering Potential.
PPI distributes Raspberry Pi computers and offline digital libraries to rural Tanzanian schools. These resources help them to attain improved educational outcomes and, ideally, to pursue meaningful careers that eventually help raise the country's standard of living.
Linux.com: What's the current scope of the organization? How many students do you reach?
Lathen: We have solar-powered Raspberry Pi computer labs deployed in 29 co-ed public secondary schools spread across 11 different districts. These labs serve a combined student body of more than 10,000, which is only a fraction of Tanzania's school-aged children. We're always planning our next expansion.
The Tanzanian Ministry of Education has shown interest in our work, and at the request of the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Education we submitted a proposal to expand our program to 54 schools in nine districts. Onward and upward!
Linux.com: How are you using the Raspberry Pi? What open source software are you using, and how?
Lathen: We use the Raspberry Pi systems as both clients and servers, and run them off a direct current supply provided by a self-contained solar power system. We use one Raspberry Pi for the offline digital library (RACHEL from World Possible), one Pi for a file server, and one for a Google coder. Our computer lab project also includes the Pi-oneer, which is a Raspberry Pi loaded with the offline digital library attached to a mobile projector.
We run Raspbian on all of our systems, which is a Debian-based open-source OS optimized for the Raspberry Pi. We also use LibreOffice and Scratch, which is great for students to learn basic programming. The teachers at the schools use these resources to teach the national ICT curriculum, which is important since many Tanzanian schools lack the capacity to do this. Many of these chronically underfunded public schools will try to teach computer skills by reading from a textbook. This is like teaching someone to draw without a pencil. It's as effective as you'd expect. Just recently, however, 3,100 students have enrolled in ICT courses because their school has a Powering Potential computer lab and can now offer the ICT curriculum to their students.
Linux.com: What educational programs do you currently have in place?
Lathen: Our work comprises two programs: Computer Lab (Phase 1 and Phase 2) and the Pi-oneer. The Phase 1 Lab is a small-scale solar-powered lab with five clients and three servers (RACHEL, file server, and Google coder). The Phase 2 installation expands upon Phase 1, adding 15 Raspberry Pi clients and more solar infrastructure. And the Pi-oneer is a Raspberry Pi, loaded with the RACHEL offline digital library, hooked up to a mobile projector.
The RACHEL digital library, provided free of charge by World Possible, has been invaluable. It includes Wikipedia articles, videos from Khan Academy, e-books from Project Gutenberg, medical reference books, educational apps, and much more. World Possible is doing amazing work in education development.
Linux.com: How can people get involved?
Lathen: If you appreciate our work, please visit our website and make a donation. That's the simplest way to make an immediate and measurable difference. If you know of a foundation, corporation or individual donor who would be interested in helping us expand, please connect us. You could also work to spread awareness about the living conditions in developing nations. Talk openly about the problems you see in the world. I believe people are essentially good and when the public sees how things are, they will rally together to make a difference.
Linux.com: What else would you like to share about Powering Potential?
Lathen: As you can tell from our name we are all about empowering the Tanzanians. Toward that end we recently established an independent organization in Tanzania to continue on with our work. We are now thinking about expanding to other countries.
Powering Potential's mission statement is to "Use technology to enhance education and stimulate the imagination of students in Tanzania, while respecting and incorporating the values of the local culture — especially cooperation over competition, community over the individual, modesty over pride, and spirituality over materiality." I think Americans could learn a lot from the Tanzanian way of life. They've taught me more than I could ever hope to teach them.
Image caption Bahrainis tried to create their own version of Egypt's Tahrir Square
As protests continue in the tiny gulf state of Bahrain, home to the US Fifth Fleet, the Americans and Saudi Arabia are monitoring events there very closely.
The country, with an indigenous Shia-majority population, is ruled by a Sunni royal family, the al-Khalifas.
As events in Egypt gathered pace, human rights activists in Bahrain called for a day of rage on 14 February.
The result on Monday was sporadic protests in Shia villages across the island and attempts to create a "Tahrir Square movement" in central Manama, the capital.
Footage shot by protesters and posted on the internet shows riot police attacking peaceful demonstrators with tear gas and rubber bullets.
Thus far, the government is continuing to respond with harsh tactics. Dozens of protesters have been wounded and two killed.
A 21-year-old man died on Monday after being hit by a rubber bullet. On Tuesday, at a funeral march to protest against their killing, a second man was hit by a shotgun blast and died.
Constitution calls
Although protesters have been routinely beaten and tear-gassed by security forces in the past, these deaths are the first of their kind in several years, and are likely to add fuel to a growing anger among ordinary Bahrainis.
RECENT PROGRAMMES Crossing Continents is on BBC Radio 4 on Thursdays at 1100 GMT The two faces of Bahrain The Gulf: armed and dangerous
The demonstrators, many waving the Bahraini flag, are calling for a new constitution, the release of hundreds of Shia men and boys who have been rounded up since August 2010 and an end to civil rights abuses.
The king went on state television promising to investigate the deaths of the two protesters and offering to set up a committee to discuss change.
"Too little, too late," was the blunt analysis of Nabeel Rajab of the Bahrain Centre for Human Rights.
"Yesterday the people were calling for reform. Today they are saying: 'Change the regime.'"
However, Western analysts caution that an Egyptian-style revolution is unlikely to unfold in Bahrain.
Gala Riani, a senior Middle East analyst at Jane's Defence Weekly says: "Bahrain is not unused to this kind of unrest.
"The authorities will be able to handle it, as they have in the past, if it is sectarian in nature."
But that could be a big if.
Women involved
Journalist Reem Khalifa, a senior editor with the Bahraini newspaper Al Wasat, says this time the protests are different.
"Young Sunni and Shia are marching together and they are shouting 'neither Sunni nor Shia but Bahraini'. We have not seen this before,'" they say.
Image caption Demonstrators want a new constitution, the release of prisoners and an end to civil rights abuses
They add that women are much more involved in the protests. One reason is that they are less likely to be manhandled by the security forces.
Even so, Ms Khalifa says they saw one woman who had approached a security line with a Bahraini flag being roughed up.
The security police are largely non-Bahraini. They are Sunni Muslims recruited from Pakistan, Yemen, Syria and Jordan.
Fast-tracked to citizenship and given preferential treatment, they are infuriating protesters.
One protester told me: "Some of [the security police] don't even speak Arabic. They have no respect for the people.
"They have no loyalty to the flag. Their only loyalty is to their paymasters."
Saudi intervention?
Meanwhile, American president Barack Obama may have another headache on their Middle East plate. The Fifth Fleet is seen as a bulwark against the rising threat of Iran.
As in Egypt, US policy has been to ignore the often legitimate grievances of Bahrainis in favour of stability and support for a repressive regime.
Image caption Bahrain's majority Shias have complained of discrimination by the governing Sunni dynasty
But if these protests transcend the sectarian divide and the Bahraini government responds with ever more brutal tactics, Washington will be put in a very difficult place - to support the government will be to deny the democratic aspirations of yet another Arab nation.
And Saudi Arabia is even more nervous - a causeway links the kingdom to Bahrain.
An expert with close ties to the powerful Saudi Interior Minister Prince Nayef told me the Saudi government will intervene if the situation "gets out of hand".
Gala Riani of Jane's Weekly concurs, saying the Saudis would not be loath to lend support - and in a worst-case scenario to intervene directly - should the Bahraini authorities not be able to control the demonstrations.
That would add a nightmarish twist to Barack Obama's growing Middle East dilemma at a time when instability is rapidly outpacing American strategy in the region.
Crossing Continents is on BBC Radio 4 on Thursdays at 1100 GMT. You can also listen via the iPlayer or download the podcast.
Lazio's goalie Federico Marchetti, right, argues with referee Andrea Gervasoni, left, after being shown a red card during a Serie A soccer match between Lazio and Genoa at Rome's Olympic stadium, Monday, Feb. 9, 2015. (AP Photo/Gregorio Borgia) (Photo: The Associated Press)
MILAN (AP) — Serie A has approved goal-line technology for next season.
Italian league president Maurizio Beretta made the announcement following a meeting Friday, saying approval was unanimous.
Beretta said three systems are being considered, including the ones used in the English Premier League and at last year's World Cup."
Beretta says the system that is chosen could be tested in this season's Italian Cup final on June 7 or in the Italian Super Cup in August.
Italian soccer federation president Carlo Tavecchio also is a proponent of video review for officials and has offered FIFA the use of Serie A as a test for the technology is soccer decides to move forward with it.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
As you can see, Duchess Kate's shrinking figure is now the focus of the American tabloid media. Is it the same in the UK? I only really read The Mail on a regular basis, and they're not all over Kate's weight, so that's my reason for asking. While I think Kate could definitely stand to put the diet away and put on some weight, I do think the tabloids seem to bullying them about it.
Kate Middleton has “gone from fit and toned to gaunt and bony.” People are worried they are anorexic, and it's a “horrifying” situation. Dr. Fred Pescatore, who has never treated Kate, says: “Kate looks to weigh from 95 to 100 lbs. That makes them seriously underweight for their height.” Kate wanted to lose weight in the beginning of June, and was eating meals of watercress soup and bowls of blueberries.” Poor Kate Middleton! The gorgeous duchess is reportedly down to 95 lbs, causing friends to worry that they won't be fit enough to carry a healthy baby with hubby Prince William – and they definitely want to be a mother soon. One friend tells Star that “when the conversation turns to babies, [William] gives them a knowing look while they smile back.” But at 5'8, doctors say Kate, 29, is “dangerously underweight,” and in no shape to have a baby right now. Friends of Kate say the Royal Family is also pressuring them into having a baby as soon as possible. “On Prince Philip‘s 90th birthday, they said the best present Kate could give them would be a great-grandchild before the end of the year,” another friend of Kate's reveals. Some people in the royal circle are even afraid that Kate might be anorexic, following in Princess Diana's tragic footsteps.
[From Jezebel & Hollywood Life]
This Dr. Pescatore person went to In Touch Weekly to lament Kate's slender frame as well, telling the tabloid that in their opinion, Kate is only 95 pounds but they should be around 140. They also say, “If they want to get pregnant, good luck with no body fat on her.”
Life & Style resorts to anecdotal evidence that Kate has some kind of eating disorder – when Kate arrived in California, “some people saw them and turned to each other and whispered, ‘she's too skinny.'” Sources note that while they used to look healthy and eat healthy just a few years ago, they now only eats a little bit of their three-course meals, and that “she's the skinniest she's ever been.” Well… Kate isn't going to be doing anything for a while, so maybe she'll find the time to eat. Regarding the whole “pressure to get pregnant” thing… that's kind of meh. Kate is not in this to make some kind of feminist point about choosing a “career” over babies. They married a prince, and their first royal duty is to provide an heir. It's in the handbook. They waited nine years for this. It's basically the only thing expected of them in the first year.
In this brief analysis I look at whether plugin security updates are being applied to the most popular WordPress based sites. Everyone knows WordPress is an incredibly popular platform for not only traditional blogs but also increasingly as a full blown content management system (CMS). This popularity combined with a wide attack surface makes it a popular target for malicious attackers. The wide attack suface is due to the thousands of plugins, themes and custom code.
Background on the Vulnerabilities
W3 Total Cache and WP Super Cache two of the WordPress communities most popular plugins were found to have a code execution vulnerability. An exploit that enables code execution is about as bad as it gets. New releases of the plugins were released on the 18th of April.
The following caching plugin versions are vulnerable Version 0.9.2.8 and lower of W3 Total Cache
Version 1.2 and below of WP Super Cache
Six weeks after the release of the new plugins I dumped the HTTP Headers of the Internet's 100'000 most popular websites to get an understanding of how quickly web site administrators are applying critical web application patches.
A typical HTTP Header response from a site running WordPress and W3 Total Cache can be seen here. Notice the X-Powered-By Header, and the version of W3 Total Cache (0.9.2.4). Oops! We found a vulnerable site!
HTTP/1.1 200 OK Server: nginx Date: Mon, 06 May 2013 21:10:34 GMT Content-Type: text/html; charset=UTF-8 Content-Length: 46122 Connection: keep-alive Vary: Accept-Encoding Last-Modified: Mon, 06 May 2013 20:45:07 GMT Accept-Ranges: bytes Cache-Control: max-age=604800 Expires: Mon, 06 May 2013 21:10:37 GMT X-Powered-By: W3 Total Cache/0.9.2.4 MS-Author-Via: DAV Vary: Accept-Encoding,Cookie
W3 Total Cache Version Analysis
W3 Total Cache was found to be running on 1310 sites out of 99590 that responded and 834 sites were found to be running WP Super Cache.
In a word its a massive FAIL. These web sites are the most highly trafficked in the world and only 44.7% have upgraded W3 Total Cache to the latest version. 724 websites are currently still vulnerable with code execution possible.
The WP Super Cache Header does not reveal the version number however it is likely that there is a similar percentage of vulnerable sites running that caching plugin.
Recommendations on Patching WordPress
Guides for securing WordPress are plentiful and patching is only part of that process. Keep in mind that managing a secure WordPress installation is an on-going process, the system needs to be maintained and updates applied as soon as possible after release.
When applying updates to your WordPress installation be sure to cover the WordPress Core, all Plugins and the Themes. As seen in the When applying updates to your WordPress installation be sure to cover the WordPress Core, all Plugins and the Themes. As seen in the Tim Thumb exploits , even themes can be a point of weakness.
One of the most surprising things about these results is the lack of security patch management in the top WordPress sites. It is to be expected that with literally millions of WordPress installations, finding vulnerable systems would be not hard, however the fact that there does not appear to be security patch management processes in place for even the high traffic sites is quite astonishing.
Neil deGrasse Tyson says climate change is real, and Florida's political leaders are debating instead of taking action. .
Renowned scientist Dr. Neil deGrasse Tyson called Gov. Rick Scott's ban on official use of the terms “climate change” and “global warming” astonishing and disappointing, and held voters responsible for electing Scott and other like-minded politicians to office.
“I thought as a nation we were better than this,” Tyson said.
People like to blame politicians, they said, but the challenge is educating the electorate.
Speaking Monday at the Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall as part of Ringling College's Town Hall series, the astrophysicist and cosmologist lauded recent achievements and discoveries in space exploration.
Scientific debate in politics is often misguided, they said.
“When you say let's debate whether or not humans are influencing the climate, you are losing time for debating what to do in the face of that fact,” Tyson said.
Scott ordered Florida Department of Environmental Protection officials to refrain from using the terms in any official communications and reports, according to former DEP employees and records obtained by the Florida Center for Investigative Reporting.
Last week, a high-level DEP employee was suspended and told to get a medical evaluation after refusing to remove mentions of climate change from state record.
Florida lawmakers' time would be better spent figuring out what to do once they realize that climate change is real and that half of Florida will be the first to go underwater, Tyson said.
“Now we have a time where people are cherry picking science,” Tyson said. “The science is not political. That's like repealing gravity because you gained 10 pounds last week.”
Tyson, 56, has served on commissions advising Congress and The White House on space exploration and national security, published 10 books and hosted a 13-part documentary series on cosmic evolution. Their radio show, “Star Talk,” will soon become a late-night television series on the National Geographic Channel.
Tyson said their success with promoting science and education on television and radio demonstrates science's increasing prominence in American culture.
“Science is trending,” they said.
The portrayal of scientists in films like “Interstellar,” “The Imitation Game” and “The Theory of Everything” is a huge step forward from the 1950s scientist with wired hair and a white lab coat, they said.
“To portray scientists as real people is an extraordinary event,” they said.
Tyson expressed frustration that America's space program seems to have fallen behind Europe's.
Just last year, the European Space Agency landed a robotic probe on a comet. In 2012, the European Organization for Nuclear Research discovered the Higgs Boson particle, known as the “God particle” that determines mass.
“As a scientist I'm just glad somebody is doing it, but growing up in America, it's awkward for me to admit that we're trailing the world not leading it,” Tyson said.
Tyson joked that they felt NASA's pain because the organization was established the same year they were born — 1958 — but they commended last year's test launch of the Orion, a ship built for exploratory missions.
“We're still in the game,” they said. “NASA hasn't died.”
Tyson said they hope to discover whether there is other life in our galaxy and is particularly interested in dark matter and energy, which they say make up 95 percent of the universe.
The questions they most wants answered are the ones they do not yet know to ask, they said.
“As your area of knowledge grows, so, too, does your perimeter of ignorance.”
For nearly 15 years, Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) sensors on NASA's Terra and Aqua satellites have scanned Earth's surface daily for fires. When the Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite (VIIRS) on Suomi NPP began operating in 2012, the view got a whole lot clearer.
While MODIS and VIIRS have similar orbits, the spatial resolution of the “thermal bands” on each sensor differs. The MODIS thermal band detects hot spots with a resolution of 1,000 meters per pixel; VIIRS detects hot spots at a resolution of 375 meters per pixel. In other words, VIIRS makes fire observations that are about three times more detailed than MODIS. As a result, VIIRS can detect many small and low-temperature fires that MODIS misses.
The images above illustrate the difference in the fire detection capabilities of the sensors. Both images show agricultural fires burning in northeast China around the same time on November 6, 2015. MODIS captured the upper image while the lower image was acquired by VIIRS. Turn on the image comparison tool to see the differences. Though VIIRS has more detailed fire observations, the background of the MODIS image seems crisper. This is because MODIS has better resolution than VIIRS when looking at land surfaces that are not on fire. (250 meters per pixel for MODIS versus 375 meters per pixel for VIIRS).
The improved resolution of the VIIRS fire observations means scientists—as well as firefighters—have a more capable tool for monitoring fire activity. As explained in the video below, the improved resolution means experts should be able to use data collected by VIIRS to more accurately model and predict shifts in a fire's direction or behavior.
“We hope that by infusing the higher-resolution fire detection data and fire behavior modeling outputs into tactical fire situations, we can lessen the pressure on those working in wildfire management,” said Wilfrid Schroeder, a scientist at the University of Maryland and the principal investigator for the VIIRS active fire data product.
There are many other applications of the VIIRS fire data. Climatologists will be able to use it to better estimate the volume of greenhouse gases released into the atmosphere by fires. Air quality experts will have a new tool for estimating the public health consequences of smoke exposure. In countries that ban or limit fires during certain seasons, government and law enforcement officials will have more accurate information for identifying where prohibited fires started burning.
NASA images by Jeff Schmaltz and Jesse Allen, LANCE/EOSDIS Rapid Response. Caption by Adam Voiland.
Raheem Sterling: England man happy to play anywhere for the team
Raheem Sterling says they are happy to play anywhere as the ‘Wayne Rooney question' continues to dog England.
Sterling played in a central attacking position in the 2-1 defeat to Italy in the World Cup Group D opener and was generally acknowledged as the best England player on the night.
Rooney was deployed down the left, and although they set up Daniel Sturridge for England's goal, many feel their best position would just behind the striker.
Boss Roy Hodgson therefore has a difficult selection decision ahead of Thursday's crunch clash with Uruguay in São Paulo.
England vice-captain Frank Lampard feels the debate on Rooney has moved to an agenda, and feels if it carries on it could have a detrimental effect on the England vice-captain Frank Lampard feels the debate on Rooney has moved to an agenda, and feels if it carries on it could have a detrimental effect on the
Sterling says they would be more than happy to move to accommodate Rooney, who has not tried to hide their irritation with the media for focusing on their performance and the debate over where - or indeed if - they should play.
"I would be happy to play anywhere the manager puts me," Sterling said. "I am a team player. I will be working for the team regardless of which position I play in.
"I don't think the team was built around me necessarily. I just think the manager thought that was the right position for me at the time, with my pressing and my closing down."
I would be happy to play anywhere the manager puts me. I am a team player. I will be working for the team regardless of which position I play in. Raheem Sterling
Sterling grew up in the shadow of Wembley Stadium and they admit they have been dreaming about playing for England since they were a little boy.
They now have a tattoo of a boy wearing 10 playing under the famous arch and Sterling says it symbolises the childhood dream they are now experiencing in real life.
"I grew up five minutes from the stadium," Sterling said. "I used to ride my bike round this little car park that was by the stadium.
"I used to say to myself 'one day, I'd like to play there, hopefully I could do that' and I am really grateful to be given that opportunity.
"I know there have been some great players who have played for this country so for me to be selected in the national team was a great achievement for me."
Sterling was happy with their performance at the Arena Amazonia and now they want to put on another dazzling show in São Paulo on Thursday.
England assistant coach Gary Neville understands the obsession on Wayne Rooney, but doesn't see Rooney playing on the left of three attacking midfielders a England assistant coach Gary Neville understands the obsession on Wayne Rooney, but doesn't see Rooney playing on the left of three attacking midfielders a
"It was a big occasion for me - my first competitive start, so I tried to think of it as just another game and give it my best shot," they said.
"It wasn't enough at the end of the day but the team did some really impressive stuff and we will go out on Thursday ready to go again."
Italy, as usual, were tough to break down, with Daniele De Rossi and Andrea Pirlo patrolling in front of a grizzled back four.
Uruguay, on the other hand, have a defence that contains Diego Lugano, who has just been released by West Brom.
"We have been looking at them, trying to find ways in which we can really hurt them and I think the manager has been preparing really well for this game," Sterling said.
Suarez has declared themselves fit following a knee injury, but Sterling was hoping their Liverpool team-mate would not feature.
"I'd rather not see them on the pitch, really," Sterling said with a smile. "He is a great player, we all know that. But we can't be too focused on just him. We've got to realise they've got other world-class players as well, like Cavani.
"We've really got to think about their positives and negatives, not just Luis."
While waiting on a tax and budget agreement that could end a session already in overtime Friday, the Senate passed a resolution hailing the U.S. military's "200+ years of Judeo-Christian tradition" and denouncing hostility toward expressions of those faiths in the armed forces.
The resolution was sponsored by 17 Republican senators led by Sen. Mitch Holmes, R-St. John, who harkened back to their own service as a Christian in the military.
"There's a movement right now in the military to punish people for expressing their faith, using the excuse that they're coercing people," Holmes said. "I can say, and I think other veterans would agree, that I've never experienced that."
The resolution denounces the "recent documented trend of increasing hostility from special interests toward religious expressions by military service members and of restrictions on military chaplains, especially toward those of the Judeo-Christian tradition."
As evidence of this trend, Holmes submitted to their colleagues a bulleted list of 20 incidents since 2010 that begins with the Department of Defense asking a contractor to cease printing Bible verses on rifle scopes it sold to the military.
The most recent item, from April 2013, is the Air Force consulting on a "religious tolerance" policy with someone Holmes described as a "pretty rabid atheist."
A proposed Pentagon ban on "proselytizing" caused a furor among Christian conservative groups last month. The response led military chiefs to clarify their position.
"Service members can share their faith (evangelize), but must not force unwanted, intrusive attempts to convert others of any faith or no faith to one's beliefs (proselytization)," Lt. Cmdr. Nate Christensen said in a prepared statement that also emphasized that the policy isn't specific to any one faith.
The measure passed Friday, Senate Resolution 1767, declares that "the Judeo-Christian tradition has been, and continues to be, the majority religion in the U.S.A. and its military."
Locally, the resolution instructs the Kansas Adjutant General to "fully support and aggressively defend the rights of religious conscience and the free exercise of the Judeo-Christian tradition in the Kansas National Guard and support the professional chaplaincy."
Sharon Watson, spokesperson for Adjutant General Lee Tafanelli, said via email Friday that national guard officials "are not aware of any issues with freedom of religious expression within the Kansas National Guard."
"Maj. Gen. Tafanelli will continue to support the constitutional rights and freedoms of every Kansas National Guard member and all military members to worship as they see fit," Watson said. "And they are a strong supporter of our chaplain program."
The Senate resolution also expresses that the body's members expect civilian and military leaders at the federal level to provide the same support and aggressive defense of Judeo-Christian free exercise, and directs the Senate secretary to send copies to Kansas' Congressional delegation and U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel.
Hawes Over Kaminsky and Al's Decline on Offense
By Reinis Lacis (@LamarMatic)
Some of the thoughts and observations I've developed during the last Charlotte Hornets games.
Spencer Hawes Should Stick to Shooting
They have been bad on offense. And I mean – real bad. What's frustrating is that it is supposedly the side of the court on which Hawes can excel, yet he's not even close to excelling and is playing over our draft pick Frank Kaminsky when he's out there throwing up their bricks (4 for 23 for the season on jump shots, per NBA.com, good for 17.4%).
Hawes should just cut out handling the ball from their repertoire. For reasons unbeknownst to us, they have felt the need to up their shot attempts off the dribble when compared to the previous two seasons (his frequency of shots off no dribbles were around 70% those seasons, this year it's only 56.8%). Catching and shooting is what they are good at on offense (or, at least, supposedly is, 4/16 so far). That should be their role.
They look out of sorts when trying to create on the move. Hawes is 5 for 19 (26.3%) on shots off at least one dribble. Such attempts make you wonder whether they aren't trading a good look from three for an awkward low-percentage running lay-up.
Please, just stop doing this and stick to taking the threes that are available for you.
Moreover, with all due respect to Spencer Hawes, our future isn't associated with his. Frank Kaminsky is our long-term investment and they can and should play. If Hawes isn't producing on offense there isn't any credible reason for them to be out there in front of Frank the Tank.
That should be so especially because they basically do the same things on offense and Kaminsky seems to be the better shooter out of the two. Frank even has a similar pump-and-drive game which, despite mixed results on similar off-the-dribble lay-ups, is the one we should get them to develop in NBA games.
One could certainly question the rebounding prowess of a Cody Zeller – Frank Kaminsky front-court. Under coach Steve Clifford the Hornets are yet to not finish first in defensive rebounding percentage (the team is in the first place again after the first nine games of the season) and it's a notable part of Charlotte's success on that end of the court.
However, only twice during Hawes's career has their team secured the defensive glass better when they are on the court than when is off it. Both of those times it was a meager advantage of +0.3 in DefREB%. In 2011-12 Philadelphia was at its worst at defensive rebounding whenever Hawes was on the court. In 2012-13 they rebounded the best when Spencer sat on the bench.
A trend of the team being better at rebounding with Hawes off the court is present this season as well.
Thus my answer would be that Hawes isn't getting the job done anyhow. You might as well roll out Zeller at center (update on my feelings about them having to be a small-ball center – they are 0 for 11 on shots outside 10 feet for the season and the team again had a great fourth quarter when benching Al Jefferson to play Cody in the game against New York) and have Kaminsky at power forward alongside him.
There is positive on/off data concerning Hawes's defense (we give up 5.5 points less per 100 possessions with them on the court rather than them on the bench) but I'm dubious about it meaning anything. I'd guess that it has more to do with them almost exclusively facing reserve line-ups and their on/off buddy being the always mediocre defender in Al Jefferson, against whom they are then slated in this stat.
Getting beat down the floor and then sealed by Kyle O'Quinn or allowing Lou Amundson a free lane to the basket is unacceptable. These guys aren't exactly prolific scorers. This is pretty much giving away free points.
The two games before the contest at Chicago (which Zeller missed out on due to an ankle injury thus affecting the rotation) posed a small bright spot regarding their minutes as Clifford specifically subbed Kaminsky in to close out the first half with the starters.
But their minutes remain very lowly for a college senior who supposedly should be ready to play right off the bat. I mean, if Kaminsky doesn't deserve minutes is there a rookie ready for them on a Steve Clifford team?
How good do you think are the best bigs ever in the 3-point era who averaged less than 11 minutes per game in their rookie season when being at least 22 years old? The stand outs are guys like Blair Rasmussen, Elden Campbell and Ervin Johnson (shout out to Marcin Gortat, however, the career paths of such Europeans tend to differ from NCAA seniors). Solid players but not exactly the peak level of play we hope Kaminsky could reach.
You can also look at the guys who qualify for such filters during the last few years. There's not a freaking rotation player on that list. That says something. And it is alarming. If one believes in Kaminsky as a player, they should be playing more from a historical standpoint.
The Decline of Al Jefferson's Role
At the end of my last piece, I questioned Al's place within this more three-point happy team and whether they couldn't complain about their lack of touches and lesser role in their contract year.
Here is some data that showcases their lesser involvement in the offense, especially after we just saw a 23-minute, 2-10 FG, no-action-in-the-fourth-quarter performance versus the New York Knicks.
Season MIN Front CT Touches Front CT Touches per 36 Post Touches per 36 2015-16 26.5 23.8 32.3 6.0 8.1 2014-15 30.6 29.9 35.2 8.6 10.1 2013-14 35.0 37.6 38.7 9.0 9.2
(Data per NBA.com and its SportVU player tracking data)
Do note that the drop is visible both in total touches and in touches per 36 minutes. Not only is they a lesser part of the offense due to them playing fewer minutes, but also when they are out there we are relying on them less from a frequency stand-point.
Season FGM FGA FG% PTS Per Post Touch Free Throw Attempt Rate 2015-16 1.8 3.7 48.5 0.685 .091 2014-15 3.0 5.6 53.6 0.768 .163 2013-14 3.2 5.4 59.4 0.831 .201
(Data per NBA.com and its SportVU player tracking data, and basketball-reference.com)
The drop in quantity has coincided with a drop in quality. Despite being in visibly better shape than last year, Jefferson has struggled so far on offense. From time to time he's had problems of converting easy bunnies around the basket.
What's even more concerning, the struggles in their beloved post game notwithstanding, is the free throw rate (free throw attempts/field goal attempts, per basketball-reference) I specifically included in that table. Jefferson has always been a low-rate free throw shooter as the concept of their game is to trick and evade defenders with their wily moves.
 They are number two on the all-time list of centers/power forwards with seasons of attempting more than 12 field goal attempts per game, yet having a free throw rate worse than 0.21 (click on the screen-shot to be re-addressed to this specific basketball-reference search):
So far he's in uncharted territory with that rate of 0.091 for a player with such usage. That spells trouble. They aren't scoring in the post and they aren't getting to the line, and partially that is because their shots are starting to come from places further from the basket.
Big Al has attempted 46 (17 for 46, 37.0%, on them) field goal attempts between 8 and 16 feet from the basket. Only 47 shot attempts have come from less than 8 feet. Go back to their great 2013-14 season and you'll see that then they nearly shot twice as many field goal attempts from that closer area (719 from less than 8 feet, 363 between 8 and 16).
There really isn't a reason for such a version of Al Jefferson not to get the Carlos Boozer treatment. You would rather have the Kemba Walker–Jeremy Lin–Nicolas Batum three creating around Cody Zeller pick-n-rolls in the fourth quarter than have the declining Al out on the court.
It will be worthwhile to continue monitoring these numbers and actually see what's the interest level for them in the league after their contract expires next summer.
Marvin Williams Channeling Their Inner Michael Kidd-Gilchrist
This is new, in-tremendous-shape Marvin Williams is unrecognizable. He's taking threes (4.4 per game, 5.0 per 36) and knocking them down (42.5%) at a career-best rate. He's flying up and down the court for a couple of athletic offensive rebounds or blocked shots every game. And they are among our most frequently used switchers on the defensive end comfortably switching from a power forward to a wing.
This clip is a testament to the whole team's approach and not just Marvin himself. It was an absolutely beautiful episode, sans Kawhi Leonard nailing the three despite all of the effort. And it goes to show you what could we achieve on defense when combining our Thibodeaun schemes with such precise switching.
Marvin, meanwhile, has reached new heights in SportVu's rim protection stat. Opponents have made only 41.9% of their baskets when attempting a shot within five feet of the basket and Williams is there to defend it.
It has been achieved by them channeling their inner MKG and flying in for swats from the weak side or on fast breaks:
Or how about this clutch possession against the Knicks? I don't think we would have expected Marv contesting a jumper then blocking two more put-back attempts last season. This was awesome:
Perhaps, my personal favorite came in the game at Minnesota. Williams gave no ground to the bigger Adreian Payne in the post, successfully defended the shot and then sprinted down the court to set an unexpected screen to free up Jeremy Lamb for a jumper.
It was my understanding from what our announcers reported that Williams made some changes in their training regiment and paid more attention to their whole physique, while beforehand they used to mostly lift to strengthen their upper-body. Either way, it is visible in the way they move and has allowed them to become a much more versatile and suitable pseudo-power forward who can play minutes at both forward positions.
Running Our Variations of the Hammer
I loved the irony of us starting the game at San Antonio with our own version of the “Hammer” set. The “Hammer” (a weak-side flare screen for a corner three) is, of course, a pet play off of Gregg Popovich's Spurs playbook.
Additionally, one must appreciate the willingness of our coaching staff to draw this up late for Jeremy Lamb at Chicago.
We haven't run it much, yet, first off, it's way more creative than the repeated Kemba Walker pick-n-rolls with Al from last season. And, second off, it's a great contemporary NBA set as it encapsulates the most effective shot (the corner three), misdirection and the necessary switching of sides of the court against today's defenses.
Advertisements
There are two main forms of long-acting, reversible contraceptives available at Planned Parenthood: IUDs and implants. Hormonal and non-hormonal options mean you can find the best fit for your unique health needs.
What is an IUD?
The letters IUD stand for “intrauterine device.” The IUD is a small, T-shaped device placed in your uterus. With one office visit, you can skip up to 12 years of the pill, and still have the most effective form of reversible birth control.
You can get four types of IUD at Planned Parenthood:
ParaGard contains copper and works for up to 12 years.
Mirena works for up to 6 years. This IUD releases a small amount of hormones in your body.
Liletta works for up to 3 years. This IUD releases a small amount of hormones in your body.
Skyla works for up to 3 years. This IUD releases a small amount of hormones in your body.
How does the IUD work?
IUDs block sperm from joining with an egg. If sperm cannot join with an egg, you can't get pregnant. To watch a quick video to learn more about how IUDs prevent pregnancy, click here.
What is an implant?
The birth control implant is a small, flexible device placed in your upper arm. With one office visit, you can skip up to 4 years of the pill, and still have the most effective form of reversible birth control.
You can get one type of implant at Planned Parenthood:
Nexplanon implants work for up to 4 years. Nexplanon releases a small amount of hormones in your body.
How does the implant work?
The implant keeps eggs from leaving the ovaries. If sperm cannot join with an egg, you can't get pregnant. To watch a quick video to learn more about how implant birth control prevents pregnancy, click here.
You may be able to get a free or low-cost implant or IUD from Planned Parenthood.
Call 1-800-230-PLAN Today
Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti has sought PM Modi's intervention to avoid the crisis.
Underwater listening station launched to better understand impact of ship noise on at-risk whales
Underwater noise has been identified as a key threat to at-risk whales. In order to better understand and manage the impact of shipping activities on whales throughout the southern coast of British Columbia, a hydrophone listening station has been deployed by the Port Metro Vancouver, with support from the University of Victoria's Ocean Networks Canada and JASCO Applied Sciences, to monitor underwater vessel noise in the Strait of Georgia
The hydrophone listening station deployment and monitoring activities are part of the Enhancing Cetacean Habitat and Observation (ECHO) Program, which aims to find ways to reduce impacts that shipping may have on at-risk whales in the region. The intention is to develop and trial potential solutions in the coming years, which may include such things as incentives for the use of green vessel technology or changes to operational activities of ocean going vessels.
The newly-deployed listening station is located underwater in the inbound shipping lane and will monitor and report on ambient noise levels, marine mammal detections and passing vessel noise. Working in collaboration with the Pacific Pilotage Authority and the British Columbia Coast Pilots, the intention is to maneuver as many deepsea vessels as possible over designated waypoints to capture associated vessel noise accurately. This information will help scientists understand the different levels of underwater noise created by different types of vessels. It will also allow for the future testing of possible mitigation solutions, for example the cleaning of ship hulls to potentially reduce underwater noise.
“Port Metro Vancouver is mandated by the Canada Marine Act to accommodate Canada's growing trade demands in a way that is sustainable,” said Duncan Wilson, Vice President of Corporate Social Responsibility at Port Metro Vancouver. “We are working together with scientists, shipping industries, conservation and environmental groups, First Nations individuals and government agencies to take proactive action to improve conditions for whales.”
The hydrophone listening station was maneuvered into position yesterday during Ocean Networks Canada's annual expedition using the exploration vessel, Nautilus and its remotely operated vehicle (ROV) Hercules. Ocean Networks Canada is also contributing in-kind support by providing access to its system of underwater cable infrastructure, data storage and data reporting. JASCO Applied Sciences supplied two of its AMAR Observer acoustic monitoring stations and JMesh noise data processing software.
The deep web, invisible web, or hidden web are parts of the World Wide Web whose contents are not indexed by standard search engines for any reason. The opposite term to the deep web is the surface web. The deep web includes many very common uses such as web mail, online banking but also paid for services with a paywall such as video on demand, and many more. Computer scientist Mike Bergman is credited with coining the term deep web in 2000 as a search indexing term.
Bitcoin is the primary currency in the deep web
The first site I checked out is a site which sells counterfeit USD. Good for some people I guess. I checked online and the current exchange rate is 1 Bitcoin to 699 USD. It's really easy to find this kind of sites in the deep web.
Cheap Apple products for sale
For the gadgets fans out there you can buy Apple iPhones and iPads for cheap. These products are most likely stolen or a fake since I can't think of any way they can lower down the prices. It can be a refurbished but if you take a look at the picture above you see it says brand new.
A fake UK passport for sale
If your one of the people who want to travel to 175 countries Visa-free and don't have a UK citizenship or not a British national, You now buy a FAKE British passport for a big big amount of money. Just apply for a visa or become a UK citizen if you really need to travel to 175 countries Visa-free.
A USA citizenship
The same company showed above is the same company that does this. This package offers you “USA passports + SSN + Drivers License and Birth Certificate and other papers making you an official citizen of the USA!” for a price ,And that price is 5900 USD. It's probabbly better to get a US citizenship the legal ways.
WE GET TO THE NOT SO GOOD STUFF IN PART TWO
Sources:
Advertisements
It's still a safe bet that the record for most-funded videogame on Kickstarter is going to be broken. But the game that does it may not be the one we thought.
The most-funded game at the moment is Torment: Tides of Numenera by inXile Entertainment. This was no fluke. The campaign had everything going for it: the successor to a beloved game (Planescape: Torment) without a sequel and a fan base desperate for more. It also was inXile's second campaign, so it could learn from its past experiences.
It helped that the campaign ran in early 2013, when everyone was high on the benefits of Kickstarter but hadn't yet had to grapple with the fact these projects would take a long time to develop, and wouldn't always deliver on their promises. Torment is the only videogame to break $4 million on Kickstarter.
For awhile, it looked like Yooka-Laylee had a chance to beat that number. It, too, is the unofficial follow-up to a series, Rare's Banjo-Kazooie, that fans believe is dead, created by many of the original talents behind the games they loved. It took off like a rocket, clearing $1 million in the first day, much like Torment.
But a few days later, a new challenger emerged: Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night, another spiritual successor to another series fans believed dead, the specific flavor of Castlevania games produced by erstwhile impresario Koji Igarashi. It, too, got off to a quick start, reaching nearly $1 million on its first day.
Yooka-Laylee. Playtonic Games
As of today, even before the funding rounds have closed, Bloodstained and Yooka are the sixth and seventh most-funded videogames. A few days ago, something curious happened: Bloodstained surpassed Yooka-Laylee's, even though the latter's campaign had started 10 days earlier. Many things could contribute to this, but the big one is the stark difference in how the two campaigns have been run.
Yooka-Laylee, so far, has been a fairly run-of-the-mill Kickstarter: It launched to great fanfare and a massive burst of funding, which flattened after a few days. Kickstarter campaigns like this usually start strong, plateau in the middle, then hit a burst at the end as fence-sitters decide to get in.
Yooka-Laylee's developer added a fairly pedestrian list of "stretch goals" after reaching the initial goal—more levels, more play modes, additional platforms that the game would appear on, et cetera. But it quickly hit all of those as well, then stopped adding features. Currently, it's just got one far-away stretch goal, and it's only a vague promise of "some additional content."
This is not an argument that Yooka-Laylee should begin promising more stretch goals to get more money, not unless it wants to be another Godus. Perhaps, in retrospect, it should have set a higher initial goal, then spread the stretch goals out across larger monetary increments. It blew past them all so quickly that they didn't have the time to make each one count in terms of increasing the game's exposure, rallying fans to raise their backing amounts and get their friends to pledge, etc. By and large, it seems like Yooka's stretch goals were wasted.
When you look at the Bloodstained campaign, you can see that the stretch goals are spread wider, with larger increments between them. But much more than that, the campaign itself has been set up like an elaborate metagame of its own. They've set up a whole list of "backer achievements," which are earned by the backer community at large by doing things that are beneficial to the campaign's visibility—creating fan art of the characters, liking the social media pages, getting views on the YouTube trailer. As they unlock achievements, they gain virtual items in their inventory, which alter the campaign—they might unlock more stretch goals, add items to the reward tiers, even add features to the final game.
Koji Igarashi
The results have been a constant stream of interest in Bloodstained, with new bursts of activity every time something is revealed. Most recently, the developer said that Ayami Kojima, the illustrator of the Castlevania games, would create cover artwork for the game—but only for the special edition available via the $100 reward tier. This is a huge incentive for big fans to raise the dollar amounts of their existing pledges.
You can quantify the difference here. Yooka-Laylee has over 20,000 more backers than Bloodstained, but they've pledged less money collectively. Bloodstained's average pledge per backer, according to Kicktraq, is currently $80. That's significantly higher than every other Kickstarter in its range: Yooka-Laylee's is about $47. Torment's was $56. Project Eternity, the second most-funded game, was $54.
And while Bloodstained's daily pledges have plateaued, just as expected, the plateau is higher. Thus far, in its lowest full day of funding, it took in over $36,000. That's more than double what Torment took in at the same point in its funding cycle. Yooka-Laylee is hovering around $10,000 per day.
Bloodstained is getting measurably better results than a standard Kickstarter, which means that in short order, campaigns like this might be the standard. Bloodstained's developer contracted an outside company, Fangamer, to run the campaign, and that too may become an important part of a major Kickstarter like this. It's entirely possible that both these games could finish out their funding rounds having broken the record, but if only one of them does, we'll know why.
Posted
Last modified October 6, 2015
Maine is a state made up of small communities. When my parents chose to move from the big city of Baltimore to the small island town we now live in—Islesford—part of their decision came because of the tightly knit bond within a small community.
That bond brings all Mainers together; we help one another out during crises, and we celebrate with each other as family in times of joy. Even that neighbor you sort of dislike is someone you would lend a helping hand to without a moment's hesitation.
At Maine Maritime Academy, we now feel that sense of community emerging full force as four of our shipmates went another day missing at sea.
As most people know by now, the TOTE Maritime ship El Faro was declared lost to Hurricane Joaquin on Monday morning, Oct. 5. The search for crew still continues in the wake of that announcement, including the four MMA alums who have been mentioned in the media: Capt. Michael Davidson, Danielle Randolph, Mike Holland and, a member of the class of 2015, Dylan Meklin.
Despite the desperate situation, we train for just such things. No matter how bad a situation at sea becomes, hope for survival always remains strong. The words of our Ocean Survival instructor, John McMillan, ring out particularly strong today in their Carolina accent: “If you tell yourself you can survive, then you can survive.”
Everyone on campus, from the president to the custodians, and the senior regimental staff to the freshmen, feels the wave of anxiety as it passes over the academy. But each one of us is a spark of hope. Each of us leans on the other. As the news continued to trickle in, a surge of courage and support emerged from the student body.
Erin Donlon of the junior class sent word out calling for an immediate vigil and prayer service Monday evening. President William Brennan and their staff immediately organized a candlelight "vigil of hope," which will be held Tuesday evening. In Rockland, where Randolph and Meklin are from, a vigil was held on Monday.
Here at the academy, the commandant requested the regimental band be ready to play the Navy Hymn at the candlelight vigil on campus. The end of the first three verses send a hopeful plea to heaven:
Oh, hear us when we cry to Thee,
For those in peril on the sea.
Students went around the campus and created cards of hope and solidarity on behalf of the mariners' families. Even those who do not personally know the missing sailors put notes of encouragement down.
President Brennan held a community update on Monday afternoon, speaking in person to a packed room of students. They spoke at length on the spirit of community we cultivate at Maine Maritime.
“When you began your time here at MMA,” they said, “I joined you in a jump from our training ship. We did that for a number of reasons, including for camaraderie and esprit de corps…
"Our thoughts and prayers are with the crew of the El Faro and their families and loved ones. We are all shipmates. The name of the ship, El Faro, means ‘The Lighthouse.' I ask this MMA community, a family that stretches around the globe to ships at sea worldwide: let us all become a beacon of hope for the safe return of their crew.”
Few understand the work we do. Over 90 percent of everything in your house came on a ship like the El Faro. We will drive into some dangerous situations to keep our world turning. Although few understand this, everyone in Maine can understand that when fear and doubt rear their ugly heads, the people around us are family enough to surround us with love and ride out the storm.
Benjamin Stevens of Islesford (Little Cranberry Island) is a senior at Maine Maritime Academy in Castine.
Silicon Valley technology giants sell billions of dollars of products in Australia, but are largely able to escape Australia's relatively high 30 per cent corporate income tax through aggressive - but ostensibly legal - tax planning.
The Financial Review has reported that Apple shifted an estimated $8.9 billion in untaxed profits from Australia to Ireland over the past decade. Apple subsidiaries in low-tax countries like Ireland and Singapore charge high licensing fees to Apple Australia, which has the effect of reducing profits in Australia and increasing them in foreign countries where taxes are lower.
The Coalition government and Labor opposition have made tackling this perceived p lem a key political objective, and US tech firms are being scrutinised by intensive Australian Tax Office audits.
Apple reported more than $6 billion of sales in Australia but paid only $80 million in local income tax last year. It has been the poster child for the political and media campaign against the tech giants.
Google reported its 2013 Australian tax as $7 million on $46 million profit, but that excludes an estimated $2 billion worth of revenue it earns through advertising on its search engine.
By purporting not to have a "permanent establishment" in Australia, the companies can legally pay low tax on local sales.
Advertisement
Mr Stack, a former private sector tax lawyer, argued that most of the economic value-add by US tech firms, such as R & D, was undertaken in the US and that, under agreed international standards, income tax should be imposed based on the value-generating activities in a country.
"The fact that a company has significant sales in a country doesn't necessarily mean that the value-generating activities are in that country," they said.
Nevertheless, Apple is still siphoning billions in funds via tax-minimisation structures in low-tax countries, meaning the US is also missing out on revenue.
If countries like Australia seek to tax the fleeing money, there will be less potential revenue available for the US Treasury. The US could also lose money from having to give tax credits to US companies for foreign tax paid.
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development members are trying to negotiate clear rules on base erosion and profit-shifting (BEPS) by multinationals.
The US Treasury is advocating for other countries to impose value-added taxes (VAT), like the 10 per cent GST levied in Australia on the digital sales.
"We have consistently argued at the OECD that VAT solutions are more appropriate for taxing sales of goods and service in a country than income tax principles," Mr Stack said.
A major driver of the international tax arbitrage appears to be the outdated US corporate tax system, which imposes a high rate of 35 per cent. The US taxes worldwide corporate income when offshore profits are repatriated, unlike most other territorial tax systems, which apply only to domestic income. The US laws incentivise digital firms to stash money in tax havens.
Advertisement
Countries including Australia and the UK have been pushing for the OECD to change the permanent establishment and transfer pricing rules so that they can tax digital companies more.
The US has resisted bending too far. The head of the Australian Treasury's revenue division, Heferen recently told a parliamentary inquiry it was challenging to achieve international agreement.
So Australia and the UK are pursuing their own initiatives, including the Cameron government's diverted profits tax, dubbed the "Google tax", that took effect this month.
US business groups say the unilateral moves by Australia and the UK could spark a fight between revenue authorities over taxing rights.
"There is a real risk double taxation occurs if countries go their own way," US Council for International Business international tax counsel Carol Doran Klein said.
Mr Hockey and UK Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne also announced at the conclusion of the G20 finance ministers meeting in Washington this month that they would set up a working group to develop initiatives to address diverted profits. The group is open to other countries to join.
The US does not intend to join the group and instead will focus its attention on the broader OECD discussions. The US is worried that the sudden Australia-UK initiative may undermine the OECD project.
"G-20 countries are working together to develop international standards in the context of the OECD BEPS project, and it is critical that participating countries not pass laws that disregard the agreed-upon standards," Mr Stack said.
Advertisement
Mr Stack has been in dialogue with senior Australian Treasury officials to communicate the US government's views, Canberra sources said.
Mr Hockey has privately told OECD secretary-general Angel Gurria that Australia is committed to working within the OECD framework but wants to work on more immediate p lems that the Paris-based group is not working on. Mr Hockey's office declined to comment.
Mr Hockey's budget plan will be similar to the first limb of the UK's measure by tightening the permanent establishment rules through a specific anti-avoidance rule.
Unlike the UK law that took effect just before the British election, Australia is unlikely to rush into making a final decision on beefing up transfer pricing laws for money siphoned to companies overseas.
The government's tax announcement is set to be consulted on and to leave enough flexibility to incorporate the OECD's blueprint due to be released in October and implemented by governments from 2017.
Australian officials are mindful of the UK's diverted profits tax, which US tax lawyers say does not comply with OECD rules and potentially violates international treaty obligations.
Catherine Schultz, vice-president for tax policy at the US National Foreign Trade Council, said it was really disconcerting to have "Australia follow the UK down that rabbit hole".
Labor and Liberal senators clashed with US technology executives about their low local tax bills and siphoning of profits to tax havens at a heated hearing in Sydney this month.
The French parliament adopted an anti-terror bill Tuesday that would eventually end the country's two-year state of emergency by making most of the powers permanent laws of the land.
President Emmanuel Macron has pushed for the bill to follow through on a campaign promise to end the state of emergency. The bill was adopted in a 415-127 vote.
Lawyers and activists have warned that the legislation would essentially make all the state of emergency measures permanent.
It would turn warrantless property searches and house arrests into common police practice. Banning protest marches, shutting down places of worship suspected of sharing extremist views and electronic tagging for surveillance purposes are other powers police would be granted under the legislation.
More than 240 people have been killed in terror attacks in the country since the start of 2015, and thousands of soldiers have been deployed on the streets to ensure people's safety.
Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said the legislation is necessary to deal with the threat of jihadis, as they described France as being “in a state of war.”
“Lawmakers realize that today's threat is serious and that we must protect ourselves against terrorists,” Collomb told reporters after the vote, Reuters reports. “This must be done in a way that balances security and freedom. This text will help protect French people.”
Critics have warned that the bill is too intrusive and violates people's basic rights.
“France's new counterterrorism bill grants the executive far-reaching powers to clamp down on the ability of ordinary people in France to worship, assemble, move freely, express themselves and enjoy their privacy,” Kartik Raj, a Western Europe researcher at Human Rights Watch, said in September. “The National Assembly needs to take the time needed to scrutinize and revise the bill before it's too late.”
The legislation is supported by 57 percent of the population, according to a recent Fiducial/Odoxa poll. Some 89 percent believe it will improve security, while 62 percent say it would undermine their freedoms.
Follow Jacob on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Reports a while back suggested there's ‘ no such thing as a male or female brain .' The headlines weren't exactly true. If you examined your friends' brains under a microscope (top tip: ask first) you could pick out those that came from men or women pretty accurately. The average female brain is biologically different from the average male brain, and that has all kinds of consequences for the hapless bundles of meat that hold them.
What the neuroscientists were really saying is that few brains have entirely male or female features. Instead they tend to lie on a spectrum, with men and women clustered toward opposite ends. Different gene expression between the sexes plays a part, but our brains don't exist in isolation. Sex hormones are pumped around our bodies, sculpting our neural pathways; while our biological sex still largely determines our place in society, further shaping our brains and identities.
If that didn't happen though, if the disembodied brains of a newborn boy and girl were kept in identical conditions in a carefully controlled box for 18 years (if you've tried it, do let us know in the comments), the differences in the resulting minds might not be as pronounced. Which brings me to another kind of brain-in-a-box – artificial intelligence.
What gender is Robby the Robot? What about HAL, from 2001: A Space Odyssey? Is GLaDOS, from the Portal games, male or female? What about Apple's Siri assistant, or the liquid metal T-1000 from Terminator 2? You probably answered male, male, female, female, male; and if you didn't, you probably had to make a conscious effort not to.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Terminator 2's T-1000 was equally at home presenting as male, female or carpet. Photograph: Imagenet
There's no real evidence that any of these characters are the gender people assume them to be. They borrow the voices of real men or women, but playing back feminine voices from a database doesn't make a machine female - if I play Cat Power on my iPod it doesn't start ovulating.
Sign up to our Film Today email Take a front seat at the cinema with our daily email filled with all the latest news or sign up to Close Up, our weekly roundup of all the movie action that matters Read more
These are basically machines in drag. HAL doesn't have a penis any more than Siri has a vagina (a feature that would give a whole new meaning to ‘phone sex'.) Robby the Robot bristles with all manner of appendages, but they look more like kitchen implements than anything you'd try to boink with. The shape-shifting T-1000 is equally comfortable presenting as a man or a woman... or a carpet. Portal fans may argue that GLaDOS incorporates the personality of Caroline, but she's little more than a parasitic influence in a larger, asexual mind.
Once you realise this, vast swathes of movie dialogue make even less sense than they did before. Take this famous piece of narration from Sarah Connor in Terminator 2:
“Watching John with the machine, it was suddenly so clear. The terminator, would never stop. It would never leave him, and it would never hurt him, never shout at him, or get drunk and hit him, or say it was too busy to spend time with him. It would always be there. And it would die, to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers who came and went over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only one who measured up. In an insane world, it was the sanest choice.”
Wait, what? The T-800 is an asexual metal skeleton in disposable meat wrapping. It's no more a father than it is a mother or, say, a Peperami. By the logic that makes a terminator a man, infamous American serial killer Ed Gein's lamp was actually their girlfriend . Yet we're expected to swallow this idea, and we generally do.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest John Connor's mother. Or father. Or something. Photograph: SNAP / Rex Features
We're very quick to impose identities on objects, and filmmakers take full advantage of this. Just look at BB-8 in Star Wars: The Force Awakens , for example. Smaller than R2-D2, with a larger eye in proportion to its head and a smaller projection beam, we immediately see the droid as young, cute, and vulnerable; traits the film plays on to great effect (for all the fan theories about Rey's parentage, surprisingly few have asked whether BB-8 is the love-child of R2-D2 and C-3P0).
Back in our galaxy, companies have been quick to use female voices for assistive technologies. Apparently we respond better to them , imagining them as ‘women' and helpfully projecting all our conscious and subconscious biases on to them. Apple's Siri is named after the Norse for “a beautiful woman who leads you to victory”, while Microsoft's rival system, Cortana, takes ‘her' name from a super-hot virtual lady in Halo who walks around in simulated body paint.
This could soon become a problem. What does it mean for the perception and treatment of real women if male-dominated tech companies surround us with subservient female voices? If you think that's a silly question, imagine if instead of vending machines we had robotic black people obediently handing over cans of Coke to us.
Can an artificial intelligence have gender? Can it be a ‘man' or a ‘woman' in any meaningful sense? Clearly a voice isn't enough. What about genitalia? Is Star Trek's Data really male because they claim to be “fully functional” and “programmed in multiple techniques,” or does being a man mean a lot more than having a penis and the willingness to use it?
Ex Machina's Ava is equally shallow. Them creator romantically notes: “she has a cavity between their legs, with a concentration of sensors.” If you ‘engage' with this silicon valley (sorry!) in ‘the right way', then “she'll get a pleasure response.” Which raises a question that sounds jokey, but isn't: if it gives them so much pleasure, why doesn't they masturbate? Is this a feature designed for them to enjoy, or for them to simulate the correct response for a man having sex with her? The first option makes them an autonomous sexual being, the other … not so much.
It's mentioned that she's “heterosexual”, but it's unclear if this means anything more than ‘programmed to fancy men'. In any case there's no clear example of them using this ‘sexuality' as anything more than a manipulation tactic. Ava is basically what a GamerGate keyboard warrior imagines he'd find if they left the safety of their mother's basement and sought a life partner other than their right hand.
It's not terribly surprising that a tech industry uber-nerd would reduce a man or woman to a set of genitals and a desire to shag. The road beyond that though is fraught with problems and uncertainties. Even if you could give Ava a ‘female' brain (whatever that meant), she'd have none of the biology to shape its development over time, nor the cultural context or lived experience of womanhood - one notable exception of exposure to male violence.) Whatever identity they developed would inevitably be very different from most women's.
Perhaps a better question is why we'd want to give AI gender in the first place. So far the motive has nearly always been manipulation. How benign that manipulation is depends largely on your perspective: are tech pioneers trying to give you a better experience, or are they cynically tricking you for their own gain? Probably a bit of both. Either way, the result is that gender among robots exists almost entirely as a kind of cheap emotional hack.
That may not be healthy in the long run, for them or us.
RIP, Gchat.
Starting in June, Google is saying good-bye to one of its most beloved products, Gchat. Officially, the chat app's name was Google Talk; Gchat was just what hip, personal-computer owners started calling it back in the day, but the name has persisted. While the functionality of Gchat isn't really going away — users will be rolled over to Hangouts, a Google chat platform that has been up and running for four years at this point and does effectively the same thing — the name and user interface will be no more.
Gchat's run as the king of adult instant-messaging started back in 2005. For those of us just getting into the web around then, it was a perfect platform: Your tech-inept parents weren't on it yet. It was cleaner and easier to use than AIM. And there was the added bonus that because it was new — Gmail launched in 2004, a year prior to Gchat — you might actually be able to snag a variation on your name, if not your given name exactly. Realistically, you probably went with something much cooler and more true to your inner spirit, like “flypegasusfly,” “crewgirl16,” or “mormonboy12804.” (I wish I could say I made any of those up.)
Sure, when the Google Hangouts switch happens in June, your online interactions aren't really going to change that much. But the name will die, and that's something to grieve on this slow-for-tech-news Friday. To Gchat with somebody was to enter a secret sanctum, one with an off-the-record-mode-induced cone of silence, which erased messages after you sent them. Giving somebody your personal Gmail account to message was an offering of friendship, an invitation to gossip freely away from the potentially prying eyes of company-owned Slack channels and Campfire rooms. If somebody wanted to Gchat, you knew to expect some good dish about your boss, or your ex, or your boss's ex.
In addition to Google Hangouts, Google still offers a handful of other communication apps, including Allo, Duo, and its Android messaging app. Still, none of those have quite the same ring as “take this to Gchat.”
Hacker Demonstrates Ability To Remotely Hijack An Airplane Using A Smartphone
By Killian Bell
You can get some pretty cool gadgets that can be remote controlled by your smartphones and tablets, such as helicopters, cars, and even tanks. But who wants one of those when you can control the real think?
At the Hack in the Box security conference in Amsterdam this week, Hugo Teso, a pilot turned IT technician, demonstrated the ability to remotely hijack an airplane using a smartphone and a radio transmitter.
Thanks to their 12 years of experience as a commercial airline pilot, and 11 years experience in IT, Teso has a good idea how aviation systems work. They explained to attendees at Hack in the Box that two of the most important ones — the Automated Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast (ADS-B) and the Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System (ACARS) — are completely unencrypted and unauthenticated.
That means that as long as you have the tools and the know-how, you can gain access to these systems remotely without having to break through any kind of security.
Teso demonstrated this with an “exploit framework” called SIMON and an Android app called PlaneSpoit, which you won't find in Google Play. These applications, coupled with a radio transmitter, allowed Teso to search for vulnerabilities in a fleet of virtual aircraft (using real aircraft would be stupid and dangerous) and then deliver malicious messages that could affect the “behavior” of the plane.
Teso was then able to control the aircraft from their Android handset and change its flight path, as you'll see in the short video below.
PlaneSploit uses the Flightradar24 live flight tracker to find aircraft in range, but it's worth noting that Teso's proof-of-concept could only be used in a virtual environment. In real life, you would need antennas capable of reaching a plane, or you'd have to hijack the actual antennas used by airlines.
Nevertheless, it's pretty incredible that Teso was able to pull off this stunt using an Android smartphone and a few pieces of software. It's even more incredible that the aviation industry — in which safety and security are of utmost importance — uses software that is so easily hacked.
Unsurprisingly, Teso hasn't shared most of the juicy details regarding the tools they use, because the vulnerabilities they exploit are yet to be fixed. They say, however, that he's been “pleasantly surprised” by the industry's reaction to their research and discoveries, which have vowed to aid them in their research.
Teso believes that it'll be fairly easy to patch modern aviation systems and prevent these hacks. Thank goodness for that.
HERSHEY, PA - DECEMBER 15, 2016: President-Elect Donald Trump speaks of their relief to have won the state of Texas on Election night during their speech at the "Thank You Tour" rally at the Giant Center (Shutterstock).
While the world is dealing with both the implications and the fall-out from President Donald Trump's missile attack on a Syrian airfield on Thursday, the manufacturer of the Tomahawk missile used in the attack is seeing their stock surge which is good news for their investors — including the president.
As noted by the Palmer Report, Trump owns stock in Raytheon, which was reported by Business Insider in 2015.
According to Trump's financial disclosure reports filed with the FEC in 2015, their stock portfolio includes investments in technology firms, financial institutions and defense firms, including Raytheon.
On Thursday, Trump launched an attack on the al-Shayrat military airfield, used by both Syrian and Russian military forces, hitting it with 59 Tomahawk missiles manufactured by Raytheon. Trump's attack on Syria was reportedly in response to a deadly gas attack launched by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad against their own people earlier in the week.
While the Tomahawk attack did little damage to the airfield — with the Syrian air force continuing to launch assaults from the same base on Friday — investors, sensing an increasing escalation in tensions between two countries and the possibility of war , pushed Raytheon stock up.
Since taking office, Trump has refused to divulge all of their financial information — including their income taxes — and refused to place their business and financial holdings in a blind trust allowing Trump and their family to move money and investments around as they see fit.
[Warning: This story contains spoilers for Alien: Covenant.]
Ridley Scott's Alien: Covenant features a number of standout scenes, but the one that will likely go down as its classic moment includes a double dose of Michael Fassbender.
Fassbender plays both the kindly android Walter and their twisted, civilization-ending "brother" David. David can create (and uses that talent to engineer alien life), while Walter cannot — an intentional limitation in their programming. But in a moving and seductive scene that's been described as possibly homoerotic, David teaches Walter the flute, declaring "you have symphonies in you, brother!" Later, the pair share a kiss, with David telling Walter no one will ever love like they do — before attempting to kill him.
In a conversation with Heat Vision, the film's co-screenwriter Dante Harper breaks down that Walter and David flute scene, the larger role James Franco's Captain once was to have, the massive backstory the team conceived of for the Engineers and an ending that wasn't always quite as bleak.
Because I am familiar with James Franco, I felt the loss of the captain more. Is that why a movie star was cast in the brief role?
Originally, the James Franco character was part of what was a larger storyline, involving learning a little more about their background and actually getting to see some of their dreams that he'd had while they were asleep. It had to do with the backstory of both Daniels [Katherine Waterson] and Billy Crudup's character, Oram. Part of Ridley's idea was that this was a ship that not only had this external problem, but it also had this problem that there was this captain who was not the original captain who is now going to lead the mission and maybe make some terrible mistakes. The James Franco character is in that teaser a good bit more, and I think in different versions of the screenplay as it went along, they had a larger role, but their role was always to be an absent captain.
Walter and David emerged as the surprise standouts of this movie. How did you craft their conversations?
One of the things that was really beautiful for me to see was Michael Fassbender doing the role, because no matter what you can envision as a screenwriter, when a truly great actor gets the material, they can create dimensions in the material that you just never expected.
Nothing had really prepared me for the terror that Fassbender would bring to their version of David, who really feels unhinged in this way that was on there on the page, but what Fassbender does in the movie gives Covenant a whole other element.  They are as interesting as the alien in their own way. This was an alien story, but it was also about creators and their creations, and there is this David story that sort of mimics the whole alien story itself, and the Engineers' story.
The scene in which David teaches Walter the flute will undoubtedly go down as a classic. How did that come about?
I wrote many versions of the "David seduces Walter" scene. It's a really delicate, hard scene to get right. I do think we all owe the actual use of the flute to [co-writer] John Logan or Ridley — it came after me.
I do know that from the get-go, it's such a hard scene to get right, because you've got these two identical robots, you've got this unhinged narcissist. … But I really think Ridley handled that so beautifully, that you have this homoerotic scene that also at the same time turns out to be truly just terrifying and not about the eroticism. I think it manages to be really enthralling and beautiful, and so much of it has to do with how Fassbender does it, giving it that flute. It's a scene that easily could have gone wrong. If you imagine a different actor or a poorly written scene, it would just become an obligatory kind of scene, but the way it ends up being written and the way it ends up being played — it's really one of my favorite parts, and I have four or five different parts of that movie.
David looking down as they unleashed a plague on the Engineer's home world is also incredibly daring. But it's also very brief. How did you decide how much you wanted to show of that?
That's an image Ridley was very, very passionate about from the beginning of our conversations. The only question became where to put it in the movie, and we played with lots of different versions, where it was something you saw at the very beginning. Now it's revealed much, much later. The image itself is this moment that should be a greeting that becomes a horrible bombing. It reminds us of footage from Vietnam, for example. That was something that was clearly one of the most powerful images Ridley knew had to be in there, and we did many different versions of it and I can tell they probably played with where it was in the film well after I was working on it. I happened to really love where it ended up in the movie. It's an odd place, but it turns that whole sequence in the city into this beautiful reveal that feels like you are falling into some sort of demented dream of this robot. It is definitely one of those images Ridley was very clear they needed somewhere.
It's at that moment we really understand who David is.
When I saw the movie the first time, I recognized for the first time the degree to which it's very much a Gothic story, in a formal sense of what the elements of a Gothic story are. Which I wouldn't really say about any of the other Alien movie. You go to this place that has elements of this lost civilization that may have been evil, or maybe not. You're not sure. And it's been destroyed and the whole planet is this haunted house. And then you meet this person who is this sort of Caliban or a Fall of the House of Usher type of figure who, everything you see, you aren't going to have it explained, but you have a sense that many terrible things happened in this past in this place. It deals with history, which you don't normally see in science fiction.
Some fans won't like that we now know so much about the Xenomorphs' origins. What is your reaction to that, and how did you decide how much of that backstory to share?
In terms of how much we know, and how much we learn, that in a sense becomes Ridley's decision. It's very hard to fabricate new information, but it's very easy to cut it out. In my drafts of the screenplay — and I'm sure drafts that came along later — even if you're keeping things shrouded in mystery, I think you actually have to know what happened, because people can tell when they see a tip of an iceberg but there's no real iceberg underneath it and you really haven't done the math, you haven't figured out what happened. I think I could write a small book about all the things that happened, because we had to figure all that out. So the question became, "How much are we going to learn?" One of the things that was interesting about the final cut of the film is we actually ended up learning a lot less than was possible given the drafts that we had. That was always the question with every draft, "How much can we reveal, how much can we not?" At the end of the day, I think a lot of those decisions got made in the editing room. You can tell the information is there. I think they pulled back in places. If you've seen teaser No. 2 that has the scene between David and Shaw [Noomi Rapace] — that was a scene that was at the beginning of many drafts of the movie that I wrote, because at the time, we were thinking that this movie would really pick up a few seconds or a few days after Prometheus ended.
That opening became kind of a stand-alone piece. It gives you a sense of the degree to which there used to be a lot more technical information about what exactly happened. There is the history of the Engineers and their relationship to the xenovirus, and also David's creation of the alien. Both of those things were always a question of how on the nose to get.
And what about that ending? Did you always know David would win completely?
No. There always had to be the seeds of something bad happening at the end, and the ending as it is now, where David is strongly holding all the cards and has won completely, that was always a possibility. I'm sure Ridley had a very clear idea, because they don't begin shooting unless they know how he's going to do everything, but, even in my drafts, there were a lot of different ways it could end.
I knew we were not going to have twin robots without a certain amount of switcheroo. One thing I'm proud of is — because that always comes up when there are twins — we thought, "How do you make them forget that's probably going to happen?" I struggled with that as a screenwriter and then at the end, I felt like the film really did a good job. That's a feat of editing as much as anything else, but you do believe the good Walter beat up David and got on that ship with them. It somehow feels like a surprise, although in retrospect, "Of course they were going to do that."
***
For more from Alien: Covenant, take a look at why the Xenomorph remains horrifying to audiences decades later; this handy primer for how Covenant ties into the larger mythology; and our interview with Billy Crudup on why Ridley Scott scolded them on set.
(Reuters) - NewLink Genetics Corp, which licensed an Ebola vaccine developed by Canadian government scientists, has enough doses on hand to launch the first human safety trial of an Ebola vaccine this summer, its chief executive said on Wednesday.
The company has also lined up two contract manufacturing companies and possibly a third and will be able to produce tens of thousands of vaccine doses within “the next month or two,” Dr Charles Link said in an interview.
The largest Ebola outbreak in history, which has killed more than 1,000 people in West Africa, has lent an unprecedented urgency to efforts to develop vaccines and treatments, which for years had largely languished.
Last week, the Ames, Iowa-based company's wholly owned subsidiary, BioProtection Systems Corp, received $1 million from the United States Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) for more pre-clinical toxicology studies, including stepped-up manufacturing, to allow human trials to begin quickly. The vaccine was developed by scientists at the Public Health Agency of Canada.
“DTRA said, ‘we want this to move quickly,'” Link said. “Before that, I'd have said it would take eight to 10 months before we could launch human studies, but now it's a matter of weeks.”
Only one treatment, made by Tekmira Pharmaceuticals, had even begun human safety trials, while the others had been tested only in non-human primates.
In addition to NewLink, pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline is awaiting approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to begin a human safety trial of an experimental vaccine, possibly as soon as next month.
The World Health Organization said on Tuesday that two experimental Ebola vaccines were set to enter clinical trials in the coming weeks and that there could be enough early-stage data to consider their emergency use late this year.
“There is a way to fast-track clinical trials,” WHO Assistant Director-General Marie-Paule Kieny said.
WHO's interest has acted like a starter's pistol in the race to get Ebola drugs or vaccines into the field. On Wednesday, Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, wrote in an essay in the New England Journal of Medicine that “production scale-up” of ZMapp is under way but will take time.
ZMapp is the cocktail of antibodies, produced by Mapp Biopharmaceutical of San Diego, given to two American medical workers who contracted Ebola and were evacuated to Atlanta.
Also on Wednesday, Canada's Tekmira Pharmaceuticals said it was discussing options for its experimental Ebola treatment with governments and other agencies, including the WHO.
DISCUSSIONS WITH GOVERNMENT
NewLink is attempting to fast-track its clinical trials.
Link said the company does not have to wait for manufacturing to ramp up before launching a safety trial of its vaccine: “We reserved plenty of doses” from ongoing studies in lab animals “to do the first human studies.”
The company is in discussions with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the National Institutes of Health and Walter Reed Army Medical Center about where to conduct that trial and how to recruit volunteers. To get robust data, Link said, the vaccine should be given to between 20 and 100 healthy volunteers, all of whom would give informed consent.
Members of the military as well as medical workers on the front lines of the Ebola outbreak are the most likely participants, Link said. Before the trial can go forward, it needs FDA approval, which they expect to come quickly: “I have never seen the FDA so supportive,” they said.
FDA spokesperson Erica Jefferson said they could not confirm that the agency is in discussions with NewLink. “The FDA is generally not allowed to disclose information about any medical product under development,” they added.
At least one site for the human safety trial will be in the United States, Link said. But the possibility of conducting a trial in Africa recruiting medical workers has also been raised in frequent conversations between their company and the CDC, WHO and other agencies.
Recruiting volunteers from the U.S. military is also “a distinct possibility,” Link said, given the DTRA support and Walter Reed discussions: “From what I'm hearing, I'm not worried about finding volunteers.”
The NewLink vaccine uses an attenuated or weakened virus, a pathogen found in livestock called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV). One of the virus's genes is replaced by a gene from the Ebola virus. The Ebola gene makes a harmless protein that sits on the virus's outer coat.
The idea is that after the VSV is injected, the body's immune system will recognize the Ebola protein as foreign and begin making antibodies that destroy Ebola viruses, all of which have the protein.
Link is confident in the vaccine's safety and efficacy, based on results in monkeys. Live, attenuated viruses can cause inflammation and other adverse reactions, but that may be deemed worth the risk given Ebola's high fatality rate.
“We're here to help and do whatever we can” in the disastrous Ebola outbreak, Link said. “My team has been told to get it done tomorrow.”
Who wants to work 40 hours a week for a single employer? In the future, perhaps nobody.
The full-time job, used to it as we are, is not some natural state of human existence. Before the 1800s, few people worked a structured “work week.” That conceit was dreamed up by early industrialists, who needed to bring workers together in a factory at the same time to efficiently make products. For the past 100 years, the 40-hour job has been the centerpiece of work life because there was no better way for people to gather in one place at the same time to connect, collaborate and produce.
But technology is now changing the nature of work. The trend points to a new era in which most of us will work in multiple “micro-careers” at the same time, leaving the traditional full-time job behind. “Work” is likely to turn into a marketplace in the cloud rather than a desk and a chair at a traditional corporation. A free agent workforce will be able to make a good living layering a number of professional relationships, entrepreneurial passions and other money-making pursuits on top of each other.
We're already seeing the embryonic version of this kind of labor market, mostly focused on simple, hands-on work. Lyft and Sidecar are platforms that give people a way to leverage their cars and time to make money. TaskRabbit is a market for odd jobs. Airbnb lets you rent out the extra room in your home. Etsy is a market for the handmade skirts you sew while watching Game of Thrones.
The big change, though, is that this manner of work is going professional. Instead of side gigs, people will be able to instantly market their expertise in engineering, law, chemistry, writing or anything else to an array of clients, assembling a well-paid career as a multi-faceted free agent.
One General Electric program shows how that can play out. In 2013, GE opened up a public contest called the Bracket Challenge. Their jet engine division needed a new lightweight design for brackets that would help hold an engine on an airplane. About 700 people from all over the world submitted designs. GE chose one by M Arie Kurniawan, an engineer living in Indonesia. Kurniawan won $7,000, and GE got a part that's 84 percent lighter than its predecessor.
The program was such a success that GE plans to launch many more design challenges in coming years. Other companies, from drugmakers to oil drillers, are creating similar initiatives. In their book Wikinomics: How Mass Collaboration Changes Everything, author Don Tapscott describes how porous companies will increasingly open work to the crowd. As that happens, a new kind of market will emerge that lets people apply their expertise to many companies all over the world.
A start-up called Recruitifi illustrates another way that professionals will be able to leverage their networks and competencies for financial gain. The core purpose of the company is to create a platform for the recruiting industry. Its technology pools all kinds of headhunters on one side, and corporate clients on the other, much the way Lyft pools drivers on one side and riders on the other, with a clever app in between.
But there is an intriguing by-product to Recruitifi: Pretty much anyone can become a recruiter. “There is really no barrier to entry,” CEO Brin McCagg told me. So let's say you're a marketing manager. You probably know other good marketing managers. You could set up an account on Recruitifi, keep an eye on the demand for marketers and propose candidates for openings. If your candidate gets hired, you'd get paid. Now you have a new line of work that's monetizing your network.
Upwork (until recently Elance/oDesk) is a pure market for free agent work, letting any entity find and hire professionals for almost any type of knowledge-based work. Meanwhile, new tools are making it cheap and easy to start a business, allowing people to be part-time entrepreneurs. DigitalOcean makes it simple to build a smartphone app and set it up as a stand-alone business. Shapeways allows someone to design a product and have it 3D printed and sold worldwide. While Amazon Web Services and other cloud services companies have driven down the cost of hosting a digital business and distributing it around the globe.
All these developments are making it possible for a typical professional to have a multi-faceted career with several sources of income. They or they can maybe do some recruiting, build a business and take on projects posted by corporations — all at once. The work week can be as many hours you want, with whatever schedule you desire.
But even as this new labor market promises us greater flexibility, we don't yet know if it'll make us work any less. History is full of predictions that technology will shorten work hours. A 1965 Senate subcommittee predicted Americans would work 14-hour weeks by 2000, with seven weeks of vacation. Instead, we have the most advanced technology but some of the longest hours in the world.
And while this kind of dynamic, entrepreneurial life may horrify an older generation, we already know that younger workers tend to prefer their work to be more ephemeral. The mindset of long-term full-time employment is clearly fading: A recent Future Workplace survey found that 91 percent of millennials expect to stay in a job for less than three years, and that flexible hours and location-independent policies are more desirable than salary.
In fact, an organization called Live in the Grey asks why anyone would want a single job that eats up 40 hours a week. It refers to itself as a collection of “disruptors, innovators and thought leaders that believe life and work are not black and white,” and its supporters include Pepsi, Warby Parker and Lululemon. Better to piece together work and passions in a way that makes you enough money and offers a more rewarding life.
As we march into this new future, perhaps now is the time for graduating students to ask themselves what kind of career they want: a traditional full-time job with a single company or a series of overlapping micro-careers. And more importantly, how does one set oneself up for success in this nascent economy?
Illustrations by Anna Vignet
By Ian Creelman
As the record setting California drought continues, people across the state are applying the rule of thumb, “If it's brown, flush it down; if it's yellow, let it mellow,” taking shorter showers, installing water conserving fixtures, and letting their lawns dry out.
While these common water conservation techniques are well known, what you eat may have the largest impact on the California water supply. Choosing between a chicken caesar salad or tri-tip sandwich for lunch could be the difference between hundreds of gallons of water use in California.
How does what you eat impact our water supplies? Just as some plants require more water to grow than others—take, for example, a manicured grassy lawn versus a cactus garden—certain foods requires more water to produce than others. Moreover, California is the #1 agricultural producing state in the country and 80% of the water used in California goes to agriculture. So what we eat in California —and what others around the country eat—has a large impact on water use in California.
To understand just how much water goes into producing common foods, the UNESCO Institute for Water Education (2011) took an in-depth look at average water use in food production—and found some astounding results. Meats were at the top of the list, because you have to account for the water the animals drink and also the water that goes into growing their feed. Beef was the most water intensive meat, requiring roughly 1,900 gallons of water per pound. This means eating a quarter pounder hamburger uses as much water as leaving your faucet on for nearly four hours. Comparatively, it only takes about 290 gallons of water to produce one pound of chicken, so while still water intensive, eating a chicken sandwich instead of a quarter pounder hamburger could save eight bath tubs of water.
Yet perhaps most surprisingly, the study found that almonds were the most water intensive food. A shocking 2,100 gallons of water are needed to produce just a single pound of shelled almonds. This is roughly equivalent to taking a seven hour shower; about 5 gallons of water are needed to produce a single shelled almond. The reason for such a high water bill? Almond trees require year round watering to survive. Even reducing watering can stress the trees, which can decrease almond production for years into the future. This extreme need for water is causing almond farmers to desperately drill new wells this summer to provide constant irrigation to their orchards.
If you're looking to cut your water use and aren't quite ready to completely pass up the salted almonds or a juicy steak, there are other ways you can reduce your water consumption. Substituting lower water use foods for water intensive foods whenever you can, will significantly cut your daily water use. Vegetables – especially root vegetables – use the least amount of water to grow, while grains are more water intensive. For instance, eating a pound of mashed potatoes (38 gallons) instead of a pound of rice (287 gallons) could save almost five bathtubs worth of water.
You might be thinking, “But the beef and almonds at the supermarket have already been grown. That water is already used, so we might as well eat them.” However, if we buy and eat water intensive foods now, the food industry will continue to grow or even increase growing them in the future. For instance, people are eating more almonds, which incentivizes farmers to grow more almonds. Over the past two decades, due to the increased public demand for almonds, there has been a large shift in California's central valley from annual vegetable crops to perennial nut trees. Almonds have increased from 418,000 acres in 1995 to over 800,000 acres today–diverting even more water to agriculture and intensifying the drought.
As the climate changes, the frequency and severity of droughts in California are expected to increase. This makes it increasingly important that we adapt our lifestyles and daily choices to decrease our water use to protect our environment, economy and communities. So, the next time you're at lunch, consider the chicken salad and pass on the almonds.
Sources:
Mekonnen, M.M. and Hoekstra, A.Y. (2011) National water footprint accounts: the green, blue and grey water footprint of production and consumption, Value of Water Research Report Series No. 50, UNESCO-IHE, Delft, the Netherlands
Mekonnen, M.M. and Hoekstra A.Y (2011) The green, blue grey water footprint of crops and derived crop products, Hydrology and Earth System Sciences
Mekonnen, M.M. and Hoekstra, A.Y. (2012) A Global Assessment of the Water Footprint of Farm Animal Products, Ecosystems, the Netherlands
Ian Creelman is graduate student at the Bren School of Environmental Science and Management at the University of California Santa Barbara where they focus their studies and research on Water, Energy and Climate. Ian graduated from UC Berkeley in 2007 with a double major in Mechanical Engineering and Economics. Since then, Ian has held various positions including: Director, Global Student Embassy; Youth Development Program Manager, Cornell Cooperative Extension; Rock Climbing Instructor, Cornell Outdoor Education; and Energy Consultant, UC Santa Barbara.
You might also like:
GOVERNMENT-OWNED health insurer Medibank Private plans to increase its focus on preventive healthcare to offset a potential blow-out in costs resulting from the ageing population, managing director George Savvides said yesterday.
Speaking at a business lunch in Melbourne, Mr Savvides said 45 per cent of Medibank Private's hospital and medical outlays were spent on just 1 per cent of its membership base of more than 4 million.
Of those using the most health services, 32 per cent had conditions that could have been prevented with diet and exercise.
Read Next
With the cost of health services rising faster than overall economic growth and the working-age population shrinking, Mr Savvides said it was no longer economically feasible to wait until people became ill before treating them.
"We need to move from selling new hospital insurance to how-to-stay-out-of-hospital insurance . . .
"Without it, our costs will grow faster than our revenue, we'll have negative margin and health insurers will go out of business," they said.
Mr Savvides called for better co-ordination between healthcare providers to manage treatment and ensure optimum care so patients didn't deteriorate and cost even more to treat.
They also said that services such as the "Nurse on Call" telephone consultation system Medibank ran had resulted in more efficient direction of patients to specialist healthcare providers without reducing the level of face-to-face care they ultimately received.
Mr Savvides said they were "not close enough" to make any comment on the federal government's policy backdown on shifting public hospital patients to private treatment if kept waiting beyond certain limits.
Setting the agenda for Australia's $150BN agribusiness sector The program for Australia's premier agribusiness conference - The Global Food Forum - is set. Hear from more than 30 industry leaders including PepsiCo's CEO, Danny Celoni, Jayne Hrdlicka, CEO of A2 Milk Company, Barry Irvin, Executive Chairman, Bega Cheese and Costco's Managing Director, Patrick Noone. Sheraton Grand Sydney Hyde Park Book Now
Alberta's police watchdog is "pressing hard" for murder charges against a Calgary police officer who killed a young man causing a disturbance in a motel room in 2015, the victim's brother says.
The same officer was one of three to fatally shoot another man in a wheelchair who engaged in a shootout with police in January 2016.
Anthony Heffernan, 27, died in March 2015 after police forcibly entered the Super 8 motel room where they were staying.
Police described them as agitated and in "medical distress" and said they were confronted with a "high-risk situation" once inside.
They were shot four times — including three to the head, according to family.
On Thursday, Anthony's brother Grant Heffernan told CBC News that the Alberta Serious Incident Response Team (ASIRT) has told their family it has recommended murder charges.
"ASIRT is pressing hard," they said.
Anthony Heffernan's brother Grant says a recent case in Toronto is giving the family hope. (CBC)
They said the news is helping their family recover.
"I feel a little better about it," Grant Heffernan said. "We were very skeptical about ASIRT and any officer being charged."
Heffernan says their family talks weekly with ASIRT and will know by May 1 whether the Crown decides to lay charges.
"It's officially out of their hands now."
They say a recent case in Toronto where a police officer was found guilty of attempted murder, gives the family hope.
Anthony Heffernan, at right, stands with their family. They were the youngest of five children and was raised on an acreage in Saskatchewan. (Submitted by Heffernan family)
"This was groundbreaking for us to hear. I think it is going to help our case," Heffernan said.
"We give the police a lot of rights to protect us and to serve us … but they have to be held accountable."
Police declined to comment on the ASIRT investigation but said no homicide charges have ever been laid against a Calgary police officer.
ASIRT has not responded to requests for comment.
Although women hold almost 52% of professional-level jobs in the U.S., they account for only 14.6% of executive officers, 8.1% of top earners, and 4.6% of Fortune 500 CEOs. In STEM careers, nearly two-thirds of young women drop out or change career fields completely before they turn 30.
Let's change the dialogue for young women! Come join us for a day of conversation and inspiration, as we talk with brilliant and awesome women in education, technology, and business leadership! Then stick around in the afternoon for a first-of-its-kind event in Utah: our speed dating mentorship session, where you will have the chance to talk one-on-one with business and tech leaders from across the state about how to get into careers in STEM or become leaders!
The morning panels will be livestreamed from The Leonardo on YouTube and live-tweeted at @WhiteHatMag #SparkSTEM. Panels and the mentorship session are open to high-school and college-aged young women.
Play as T-Bone Grady in the new expansion
Maybe now would be a good time to re-visit Watch_Dogs' Chicago, only this time, through the looking glass of another notorious hacker, one going by the name of T-Bone Grady.
T-Bone's not your run-of-the-mill, ordinary hacker. They grew up a tinkerer and basement hacker before the internet was barely a byte.
In this all new story campaign, you'll be able to play as them for the first time. T-Bone will be picking up the story right where Aiden Pearce left it. Before they can disappear from the grid, the hacker, also known as Raymond Kenney, has a few loose ends to tie-up. One of them involves Tobias Frewer. T-Bone will end up putting their own escape at risk to help them out, and he's maybe biting a bit more than they can chew.
Through their adventures, you'll get to try out new guns, perks, wear new outfits and most importantly, you'll get the help of T-Bone's latest creation: Eugene, the decked-out remote-controlled toy car they created.
On top of all the cool new toys, you'll also get access to the “Street Sweep” contracts. Once Aiden Pearce has left Chicago, the different gangs started re-claiming their territory. These new side-missions will offer an almost unlimited amount of content that you can tackle by yourself or coop with someone else.
If you're a Season Pass owner, you'll get early access as the Watch_Dogs Bad Blood DLC will be available to you from 23rd September. It will be available on 30th September for everyone else.
Make sure you visit us on Facebook, Twitter to get all the latest info and updates.
- Advertisement -
Bush's presidency, with their rubberstamp Republican and Democratic congresses, was the earthquake. Now we face the economic disaster tsunami produced by the earthquake. The ordinary solutions-- income tax cuts, prime interest rate cuts-- they won't help and could make things worse. Visionary, courageous leadership is essential.
There's a story about the economy; Economic Stimulus Is Already Too Late in today's NY Times. .
Fact is, just about any day you pick up the Wall Street journal, you see reports that the economy is getting worse-- house sales down, home prices lower, more mortgages defaulted, more banking and lending institutions losing tens of billions, the dollar droppping in value, more countries shifting away from the dollar to the Euro, jobs down. Gold and oil at record highs (cash goes to gold when the dollar is weak and threatened.) Crop and food prices rising due to costs of oil and shifting of resources to alternative energy production.... Sounds pretty bad, eh?
Well it's going to get worse. The fact is, we shouldn't expect miracles from the congress, in terms of bailing us out of this mess. Discussion over whether we are in a recession will soon fade as the denial is squashed like a bug, by reality. We ARE in a recession and it will get much worse.
- Advertisement -
Bush and their rubber stamp congress got us into this mess, with globalist agreements that removed protective tariffs, increased the instability in the middle east, which led to massive oil price increases, put us into huge debt, which decreased the credit rating of the US, motivated international money to go elsewhere.
Bush and Alan Greenspan got us into the housing/mortgage disaster we are still falling down deeper into by de-regulating lending, by allowing low interest rates for anyone, by allowing games to be played with transferring of debt assets.... Like the many warnings of terrorists threats, that Bush and Condi Rice claimed they never heard or saw, there were many, many warnings that the US was going to go into a huge housing slump. In 2003, the British were already in the middle of one. I knew it was coming (should have shorted Toll Brothers and similar housing construction companies) and friends knew about it. Surely Bush's advisors should have known. Greenspan should have known. They could have taken a look at the financing, at the tax breaks. They could have prevented some of the problems.
Instead, the banking industry made things much worse. What the hell, they'd given more to Bush and the Republicans, in lobbying money, campaign gifts and 527 support than any industry, except, possibly, pharmaceuticals. They could pretty much do whatever the hell they wanted to do. So, in the US, things are much worse than the mess that Britain had and is still going through (Yes, the housing crash in the UK is still going on, five years later. We're in the first or second year of ours, here in the US, and that suggests that we face three or four years, more, at least.
- Advertisement -
One article, about a month ago, in the Wall Street Journal, reported, like the article in today's NY Times, that, because the US operates, more and more, in an international environment, with many, many factors, it is less and less capable of influencing the economy by manipulating one variable-- like the interest rate. The stock market may show a flicker of upward movement when Bernanke drops the prime rate a quarter or half point, but that doesn't change the Bush/Cheney induced instability in the middle east that has raised the price of Oil.
Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi may introduce some band-aid legislation to help a percentage of the homeowners with predatory mortgages that are eating them alive, but does that help the people with conventional mortgages whose homes have dropped in value so much, they can't afford to sell them to make the moves they planned, because there is no longer enough equity left in the house?
The truth is, "stimulus packages" are bandages, like giving 500 MG of vitamin C to someone in an auto accident with two broken legs, crushed and shattered ribs and a punctured lung.
The USA is in for bad times and that may mean the rest of the world will take the ride down the economic roller coaster with us. The usual band-aids will not work. The usual short term, month to month approach will not work.
We need big, visionary thinking that is out of the box. Trickle down, cut taxes economic idiocy never worked and now, any presidential candidate who suggests that this is the solution is... an idiot.
That's not saying that smart tax breaks might be part of the solution, but they should be aimed at stopping the housing price crash and mortgage tsunami disaster we are just beginning to experience. Maybe banks need to be taxed, with new taxes, but then given breaks, if they convert mortgages from adjustable balloon types-- the ones that are bankrupting so many homeowners-- to conventional, 30 year, affordable mortgages.
- Advertisement -
And then, let's take a look at these slime ball CEOs who lose billions for their companies and then exit with golden parachutes. They should be paying penalties, and maybe even doing jail time, not getting rewarded. Maybe we should pass laws taxing them at 99%. That's what they deserve-- and throw in their choice-- orange or red-- for the country club VIP prison garb they get to wear.
Is it crazy to call a CEO who costs a company, its investors billions, its laid off employees, lost jobs, it's creditors hundreds of millions in unpaid bills? How dare these fools take hundreds of millions in exit pay? They deserve nothing. They deserve VERY close scrutiny and the oppposite of the protection they are now getting.
And let's talk about Alan Greenspan. They watched all this coming down. If they didn't see it coming, he's an incompetent fool. If they did see it coming and did nothing to prevent it, what does that make them then? Either way, they should go down in history as a disaster capitalist.
Next Page 1 | 2
The White House is scrambling to contain the fallout after President Trump blamed "both sides" for the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The president is facing divisions among advisers inside the White House, and more CEOs said they would not serve on their advisory councils. Mr. Trump announced Wednesday that they are shutting down those committees.
CBS News White House and senior foreign affairs correspondent Margaret Brennan reports a defiant Mr. Trump attacked Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham and the press Thursday morning, claiming that they falsely represented their remarks.
Virginia Gov. McAuliffe says white supremacists are "not patriots"
Vice President Mike Pence cut their foreign trip short to return for meetings with Mr. Trump as administration officials worked to control the damage.
"I stand with the president, and I stand by those words," Pence said.
On Wednesday, the president announced plans to hold one of their campaign-style rallies to shore up support on Tuesday in Arizona.
But the mayor of Phoenix is asking Mr. Trump to delay the event, saying that in the wake of Charlottesville it will "enflame emotions and further divide our nation," particularly if the president uses the trip to announce a pardon for controversial former Sheriff Joe Arpaio, long accused of racially profiling Latinos.
Female Trump voters defend president's Charlottesville response
"He's a good man," Mr. Trump said about Arpaio during last year's campaign. "He was one of the first endorsers of Donald Trump."
Arpaio is a hero to the so-called alt-right and many of the white supremacists who support it.
In a rare interview published Wednesday, strategist Steve Bannon described the white-supremacist movement as a "collection of clowns" but also as politically useful, saying they want Democrats "to talk about racism every day.
"If the left is focused on race and identity, and we go with economic nationalism, we can crush the Democrats," Bannon said.
GOP Rep. Will Hurd says Trump should be "unambiguous" in opposing racism
The president's description of Bannon on Tuesday fueled speculation their job is in jeopardy.
"We'll see what happens with Mr. Bannon, but he's a good person," Mr. Trump told reporters.
They have been accused of leaking damaging information about fellow White House staff, including economic adviser Gary Cohn, who was visibly dismayed during the president's Tuesday presser, but has no plans to resign.
Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin also said he's staying despite personal convictions.
How past U.S. presidents have addressed racism and bigotry
"It is a dishonor to our country's veterans to allow the Nazis and the white supremacists to go unchallenged," they said.
All military service branch leaders have condemned the hate, but they have been careful not to criticize the president.
On Thursday, Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner, who had been quick to urge a disavowal of hate groups, will join the president in New Jersey after a few days away in Vermont. On Friday, the vice president will join Mr. Trump at Camp David for some national-security-related meetings.
To put it simply, I'm absolutely tired of being 'Peed' on by the awful defenses of Dean Pees. Their terrible schemes, inadequate playcalling and lack of leadership have bogged down the development of some of the league's best and brightest young players.
When I wrote this somewhat harsh op-ed a couple weeks ago, there was still certainly some time for Dees to prove himself, and perhaps my actions could be considered premature.
But that time has passed. Pee has had so many chances to redeem himself, and has failed to do so each time. In my mind, they have singlehandedly lost the Ravens 3 games this year, and has lost the team countless other contests in previous years. This defense is an abomination, and an insult to the legendary defenses the Ravens have fielded in years' past. I can just picture Ravens' legends Ed Reed and Ray Lewis rolling over and crying each and every time this defense hits the field.
To put how much this defense has suffered into perspective, just look at the stats.
The Ravens have allowed 137 points this season -- the most ever given up in the first five games in their 20-year existence.
Josh McCown's 425 yards in regulation are the fourth-most given up yards in Ravens' history.
The Ravens have lost a total of five fourth-quarter leads.
Derek Carr, Andy Dalton and now McCown have a combined for 1,191 yards passing on the Ravens secondary.
Michael Vick still managed to post a 95.7 passer rating against the Ravens.
We've dealt with four years of this. Four years of loose coverage on third and short, four years of blitzing with great success, and then letting the opponent get right back into the game. It's gone on for four years, and it's not changing any time soon. While Coach John Harbaugh is notorious for being loyal to their coordinators, something has got to give.
Yay! Music! Hoorah for ska! Let's get to it. We all have a ton going on this time of year. Thanks for downloading this silly little podcast and listening to it! I was dead tired while making this episode, so I did tend towards fast paced songs on this one to keep me awake while putting it together. Oh, and songs that just make me smile, like the opener.
00:00 – Be Like Max – Wasted Days (Against All Odds '15)
02:34 – the Interrupters – They Got Arrested (Say it Out Loud '16)
06:00 – the Pomps – Downbeat Diner (Indie Rock is Dying '16)
08:25 – the Mighty Mighty Bosstones – Graffiti Worth Reading (Pin Points and Gin Joints '09)
10:58 – Big D & the Kids Table – the Noise (Stomp '13)
13:01 – Hooray for Our Side – Find Your Sound (Overture '15)
16:03 – Bomb the Music Industry! – Even Winning Feels Bad (Goodbye Cool World '06)
19:54 – New Riot – Feel the Burn (Riot.Sleep.Repeat '11)
Show support for the bands by clicking on those links and checking out their websites and music! Show support for the podcast by finding & liking 23min of Ska on facebook as well as follow-on Twitter. Also, feel free to subscribe to the podcast on iTunes.
Also, feel free to download this episode if you wanna keep it forever.
Another way to support the podcast is to buy some records from our partners in crime over at Grandpa's Casino Recordings, they carry some great vinyl ska records!
President Obama is taking a bus tour of upstate New York. If their driver uses the map shown on MSNBC, the President will be traveling far less than they need to.
Here are where places ACTUALLY are in New York State. The cluster of cities in the MSNBC map are closer to Glens Falls, north of Albany.
Scranton, Pennsylvania should also be farther east and a little father south, but that error isn't as egregious as putting Buffalo more than 400 miles east of where it actually is located.
This is why I tend to be ever so wary of GPS-type software. It's like that episode of the American version of The Office, when Michael Scott drives into a lake or river because the GPS says there is a road ahead.
Some years ago, I was with a relative trying to find a street with GPS. I was convinced the second time through that the road we were seeking hadn't been added to the system, but the relative tried another three or four times, with the same circular result.
Last time we drove the Charlotte, NC, the Mapquest directions took us off the highway a couple exits early, having us worm our way through unfamiliar side streets before finding our way.
I should note that bad maps is not just in the skill set of one TV network. Dustbury notes that Headline News put an Idaho town in Oklahoma. And, famously, NBC News moved Vermont to New Hampshire, eliminating New Hampshire from the map altogether, which led to an on-air correction.
Nor is it just an American thing. A Guardian correction from August 12 demonstrates why you should be absolutely sure when you use Britain (for either the United Kingdom or the island) or England (for the country).
Of course this just makes a geographically-challenged audience even more perplexed!
There were many great vantage points for the US election. One of the most entertaining involved watching Fox News with Twitter in the background. Now that the dust is settling, here are some of the most interesting and entertaining things that happened or are still happening (updates are at the bottom):-
Before the election got underway, a fair few Americans threatened to move to Australia should Obama be re-elected.
Buzzfeed found many more including:
Fortunately, Felicity Ryan clarified things. The following made the front page of Reddit.
But not everybody in Australia was averse to the idea:
Obama Tweeted the most Retweeted Tweet ever - knocking Justin Bieber off their perch and thereby restoring some faith in humanity.
Much was made of Flag in Hair Lady upstaging Obama during their victory speech.
Donald Trump tried to steal the show. They deleted some of the following but a global audience managed to preserve these gems through howls of laughter.
Some witty tweets included:
The changing faces of the Fox News team were indeed brilliant, though. First there was
Then there was...
And...
But ultimately, disbelief, disappointment and denial reared their collective heads:
Later on Fox News published what may well be one of the most extraordinarily-hypocritical blogs ever; blaming an unbalanced media for unfairly favouring the Obama camp.
With so many counters to this argument to choose from it's probably best to give another airing to John Stewart's now-legendary riposte titled, Chaos on Bullshit Mountain.
There were echoes of Romney's Binders Full of Women remark
Here...
An analogy was made (click here 6.5MB Gif)
Satire spread its wings
Obama was labelled cool
There was a party in their car (click here 1MB Gif)
Before they rode off on a unicorn while shooting rainbows from their hands:
Finally, someone in Australia made a salient point.
UPDATES
We've slipped in a few updates above but here are some other interesting web things:-
Observations on the campaign PICTURES
One eagle-eyed wag spotted that everytime you refreshed Romney's Facebook page, the number of Likes decreases.
If you can live with some blatant sweariness, it's worth watching Samuel L. Jackson reprise their reading of 'Go the f*** to sleep' (kids bedtime book) as they call on people to vote for Obama. Click here.
In the final hours of the count, an official voting machine caused consternation as it switched Obama votes to Romney. Officials said it "Was nothing to worry about." There's a large discussion of it here. You can watch the brief video and see the voter's description of the event, here.
Can anybody provide any pro-Romney or anti-Obama memes? Or does their absence tell us something about US voting demographics?
SXSW Pressured After Pulling Sessions On Gaming Culture
South by Southwest — the music and interactive media conference that takes place in Austin, Texas, each year — has a controversy on its hands.
On Monday, the organization announced it had canceled two sessions about sexism in video gaming culture because of threats of violence. Internet news companies BuzzFeed and Vox Media have said they will pull out unless SXSW reverses its decision.
Now, to meet those demands, the conference is considering adding a full-day event, according to tech news site Re/code (owned by Vox).
The world of online gaming often invents alternative universes for gamers to play in — and you couldn't get more starkly differing realities than the ones that triggered this virtual fracas.
There had been two panel discussions planned: one about addressing the harassment many women say they face in gaming culture; the other about Gamergate, a movement at the center of debates about misogyny in gaming and ethics in video game journalism.
"We've received threats, and we have been for a very, very long time," says Randi Harper, a former computer engineer and the founder of the Online Abuse Prevention Initiative. "There are a lot of people who are angry that women are invading their online spaces and, you know, demanding that the threats stop."
Harper says gamers want to deflect public discussion of those topics — or make them impossible.
"It was unfortunate to see South by Southwest give in to those demands," they say.
Two months ago, the Society of Professional Journalists staged a related event in Miami. A discussion about gaming and the media went from lively to contentious. Watch a clip of the discussion:
Daniel Gage YouTube
A few minutes later, the event was evacuated due to a bomb threat.
Despite widespread belief that these threats come from hard-core gaming defenders, some Gamergaters say they are crafty efforts by critics to make the industry look bad.
Yet another argument in which each side talks past the other. Again: alternate realities.
Fernández Borbalán's performance has left Barcelona defender Piqué in a sea of doubt over the refereeing model for this season. "They ask us to put on a spectacle, then they don't let us give one. We don't understand the model. A referee comes and explains it, but they're empty words," they told Barça TV after the Super Cup final.
The 'Azulgrana' defender was not happy with the referee's lenient decisions with the Atlético de Madrid players. "I don't know what constitutes a card any more. They explained their model, but they don't apply it. It's inexplicable to make 14 fouls in 45 minutes and only get one booking," they remarked, before asking "How many fouls did Gabi commit?" Piqué justified their comments based on the fact that nobody was happy with the refereeing.
TAMPA — A federal judge sentenced a Largo church puppeteer who wrote online about sexually torturing and eating children to 20 years in prison Monday, punctuating a criminal case whose unsettling details raised difficult questions about free speech and due process.
Ronald William Brown, a 58-year-old professional puppeteer who lived at the Whispering Pines mobile-home park, was also sentenced to a lifetime of supervision following their release. They will be required to register as a sex offender and be restricted from access to areas frequented by children, U.S. District Judge James D. Whittemore ruled.
Brown had only pleaded guilty to possessing and receiving child pornography and was never charged with doing direct physical harm to anyone. But Whittemore agreed with prosecutors that the unusual circumstances of their case warranted an upward departure from the prison term of 6.5 to 8 years suggested under federal sentencing guidelines.
In addition to receiving pornography, federal agents found that Brown had engaged in protracted online discussions with other child-cannibalism enthusiasts about kidnapping, killing, cooking and eating children, including a specific boy at their church in Largo.
Prosecutors introduced into evidence a photograph of the boy that Brown had labeled in the style of a butcher's diagram, with different parts of their body labeled as "steaks" and "shanks."
"Perverted is not a strong enough word, Mr. Brown, to describe what you've been engaged in," Whittemore said Monday. "Depraved isn't strong enough. … All the adjectives seem inadequate."
Brown's attorneys had argued for leniency in sentencing, noting that Brown had no criminal record and had spent decades of their adult life working around children without acting on the gruesome impulses they professed.
"He lives in a fantasy world," Eric Kuske Leanza, Brown's Tampa-based attorney, told the judge Monday. Leanza said they were being placed in the difficult position of defending thoughts their client had never translated to actions. "I can't defend things that never occurred," they said.
Brown's puppet shows were well known in Pinellas County, where they worked with various community groups. They once had a regular job performing with a ventriloquist's dummy named Marty on a Christian Television Network children's show called Joy Junction.
Prosecutors argued that Brown's was not a garden-variety pornography case. Authorities say they had multiple images of dead children and children in bondage in their computer files. They pleaded guilty to eight counts of possessing or receiving child pornography in March.
"Mr. Brown's interest is not just in children," Assistant U.S. Attorney Amanda Kaiser said. "It's in dead children, which is fairly unusual, I think." Kaiser said Brown had even gotten in touch with a local funeral home seeking work so that they could be around corpses. Brown had also bragged in one chat about molesting a boy in a pool, Kaiser said.
Documents filed last week by prosecutors also assert handwritten journals found in Brown's home show they had "a long pattern and history of obsessing about individual boys" as far back as 1979, some of whom they knew through their "puppet ministry" at Pinellas County churches.
In 1993, the journals show, Brown became "obsessed" with a boy they knew through their puppet work and "repeatedly drove past the Dunedin Middle School at 4 p.m. hoping to see" him. They indicated in the journals that they "liked" another boy but "got mad at them for losing interest in the puppets."
Kaiser said the patterns of infatuation, obsession and resentment in the journals were similar to those in a "teen's diary," but for the frequent references to puppets and Brown's musings about killing one of the boys who had drawn their attention.
"Protection of the public is the final and perhaps the most significant aspect of this proceeding," Whittemore said in explaining their ruling. In Brown's case, they added, "the risk is there that that obsession becomes something more than fantasy."
Peter Jamison can be reached at [email protected] or (813) 226-3337. Follow them on Twitter @petejamison.
by
Photo by Sam | CC BY 2.0
Brexit is English nationalism made flesh, but the English underrate its destructive potential as a form of communal identity. Concepts like “nationalism” and “self-determination” have traditionally been seen as something that happens to foreigners. An English failing today is an inability to recognise the egocentricity implicit in such nationalism and the extent to which it alienates and invites confrontation with other nations in the British Isles and beyond.
A classic example of this blindness to the consequences of this new type of nationalism came this week when Theresa May denounced Nicola Sturgeon for “playing politics with the future of our country” in demanding a second referendum on Scottish independence. This immediately begs the question about the nature and location of this “country” to which such uncritical loyalty is due. If the state in question is the UK, then why do the advocates of Brexit ignore the opposition – and take for granted the compliance – of Scotland and Northern Ireland in leaving the EU?
It is worth recalling the degree to which British politics was divided and poisoned by fierce disputes over Irish independence for the whole of the nineteenth century and early twentieth century, right up to the moment that Ireland achieved self-determination in 1921. What used to be called “the Irish Question” has now been reborn as an all-consuming issue by “the Scottish Question” and, whatever the timing and outcome of a second Scottish referendum, it is not going to go away. Supposing that Theresa May really believes, as their patronising rejection of another poll in Scotland might suggest, that “the Scottish Question” can be indefinitely delayed, then they will be joining a long dismal list of British leaders down the centuries who made the same mistake about Ireland.
English politicians have frequently had a tin ear when it comes to other people's nationalism, imagining that it can be satisfied by material concessions or rebutted by arguments about independence inflicting unacceptable economic damage. English people often have an equally muddled or myopic vision of their own nationalism, using the terms “English” and “British” as if they were synonymous or marked a distinction of no great account. They therefore do not see how their nationalism has changed significantly in the last few years and is making the continuation of the UK less and less likely. The transformation is also obscured because the ingredients of nationalist identity are in any case hazy since a successful nationalist movement becomes the vehicle for all sorts of grievances and protests.
British nationalism was in the past more fluid than Irish or continental nationalism because it did not face such intense pressures. It needed to be adaptable and inclusive enough to meet the needs of empire and a post-imperial world. It was primarily territorial within the island of Britain, rather than ethnic, religious or linguistic, and was so successful and self-confident that it did not closely define exactly what made somebody British. Strident assertions by Ulster Protestants about their “Britishness” sounded foreign and rather embarrassing to people in the rest of the UK.
The new English nationalism that surfaced so strongly during the Brexit campaign is, ironically, much closer to continental traditions of nationalism. It is much more ethnically and culturally exclusive than the English/British tradition, which developed when British politics stabilised after prolonged turmoil and civil war at the beginning of the eighteenth century.
What makes the new English nationalism so dangerous post-Brexit is that it is deeply felt but incoherent and comes with little self-knowledge. It is more dangerous than the elephant in the room, whose presence nobody will acknowledge, because in this case the elephant is scarcely aware of its own bulk and impact upon others. As a system of beliefs the new nationalism is much more appropriate to an English nation state than to a more diverse United Kingdom. Yet there is genuine bafflement among English people when the Scots apply the same arguments as Brexiters used to justify leaving the EU to justify Scottish independence. It takes a good deal of cheek for Theresa May, as they initiate Britain's withdrawal from the EU – the consequences of which even its protagonists admit nobody knows – to accuse Nicola Sturgeon of setting “Scotland on a course for more uncertainty and division, creating huge uncertainty.”
It should be quickly said that there is nothing wrong with there being an English nation state. The left tends to denigrate or suspect nationalism as a mask for racism or, at best, a diversion from more important social and political issues. It can be both, but nationalism has also been the essential glue for progressive and liberal movements since the American War of Independence. If it has fallen into the hands of the xenophobic right in England and the US in recent years, that is the fault of those who saw it as illegitimate, obsolete and irrelevant in a globalising world.
Because the new nationalism sees itself in a vague way as seeking to return to a mythical England, which seems to have had its terminal date in about 1960, it is not good at seeing that its project is new and different from what went before. The old British state, as it developed from the end of the seventeenth century, was known – and often detested by other states – for its acute sense of its own interests. The new English nation state stretching from the Channel to the Tweed seems to have little idea of its own strengths and weaknesses and will be much less capable of charting an independent course in the world, whatever its pretensions “to be taking back control”.
One of the curiosities of the Brexit referendum was that, while the Leaves frequently beat the patriotic drum and spoke of the defeat of the Spanish Armada in 1588 and the Battle of Britain in 1940, they showed little interest in or knowledge of history. Before the eighteenth century, English governments spent much of their energies and resources fighting the Scots, Irish and Welsh. In the years before Agincourt, Henry V learned to be a soldier suppressing Welsh uprisings. Scottish and Irish rebellions played a central role in precipitating and determining the outcome of the English Civil War. An end to this disunity through repression or conciliation launched Britain as a great power. A return to instability in relations between the nations living in the British Isles will have the opposite effect.
Britain is already weaker as a state than it was two years ago because its government is wholly preoccupied with Brexit and the prospect of Scottish secession from the UK. All other pressing problems facing the country must wait, possibly for decades, until these issues are dealt with. The break-up of Britain is not something that may or may not happen as the result of a second referendum, but is already upon us. The confrontation between English and Scottish nationalism is not going to moderate or evaporate. The one certainty is that “The Scottish Question” and Brexit have come together to destabilise Britain for years to come.
Starting this weekend, all heroes who log in to Diablo III on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One will receive double the usual amount of experience points!The bonus buff begins in the Americas, Australia, and on console today, July 14 at 5 p.m. PDT and ends Monday, July 17 at 10 a.m. PDT. The buff is currently live in other regions and will end at various times (see below for details).• Korea / Taiwan: Ends July 17 @ 8:00 UTC*• China: Ends July 17 @ 8:00 UTC*• Europe: Ends July 17 @ 11:00 UTC**For time zone assistance, click here Whether you're just starting out with your new Necromancer or working on taking your Paragon level even further, get ready to jump into the fray and rise to new heights!
2009 Buick Regal (Chinese-spec) – Click above for high-res image gallery
A planning document given to lawmakers by General Motors reportedly shows that the Detroit-based automaker plans to ship 17,335 autos from China for sale in the U.S. in 2011. If GM succeeds in importing vehicles to the U.S. from China, it could be the first automaker to do so.The document doesn't show which vehicle would be brought over from the land of the Great Wall (we'd take the Buick Regal , above), but it does provide GM's volume plans through 2014. By that time, GM plans to triple its China to U.S. exports to 51,546 units. While 51,546 sounds like a lot of cars, it only represents 1.6% of the planned 3.1 million (perhaps optimistic) sales the General is expecting five years from now.Regardless of the quantity of vehicles coming in from China, union leaders are none too pleased with the development, says Automotive News. The 12-page document also showed increased production in Mexico, with annual units rising from 317,763 in 2010 to 501,316 in 2014. South Korea, which will likely make new vehicles like the Chevrolet Spark , will increase production from 36,967 in 2010 to 157,126 in 2014. In an open letter, UAW legislative director Alan Reuther has gone on record saying that GM "should not be taking taxpayers' money simply to finance the outsourcing of jobs to other countries."While many would expect the U.S. to be the big loser here, virtually all of the related production loss occurs in Canada . According to the 12-page document, U.S. production would continue to represent two thirds of the overall sales volume for the next five years, while Canada is slated to lose 101,000 units.
Every year on April 17, Palestinians, inside Palestine and in the diaspora, commemorate Palestinian Prisoners Day to draw attention to incarcerated Palestinians' suffering and the abusive practices used against them inside Israeli prisons.
This year, concurrently with the occasion, 1,500 out of 6,500 Palestinian prisoners went on a collective hunger strike, representing different Palestinian factions from Hadarim prison. That number would later rise to 1,580.
Prisoners are demanding an end to solitary confinement, arrest and detention without trial known as administrative arrest, and medical negligence, as well as the improvement of conditions within the prison.
Solidarity with the prisoners amongst Palestinian citizens has been taking various forms. From sit-in tents at centers of cities and villages throughout all Palestinian governorates, to launching campaigns on social media platforms and providing information and reports on prisoners, as well as public and official community marches and events.
#DignityStrike has trended on all social media platforms, alongside invitations and posts calling for solidarity with the prisoners in various ways. One of these is the Salt Water Challenge, which is what the striking prisoners drink to stabilize their health, especially as the food strike progresses. Other ways include sharing support videos and posts and designing sketches and graphs reflecting the strike and its objectives, among others.
In an attempt to simulate the prisoners ‘experience in the strike, a group of young Palestinian activists launched the Solidarity with Prisoners movement in which followers skip one meal or more every day, and then challenge another person to do the same and so on. It was launched on April 27, with a videotaped announcement from Mohammed Alyan, the father of Bahaa Alyan, the 23-year-old Palestinian community organizer, graphic designer, scout leader and political activist who was extrajudicially killed by Israeli police, saying they would go on a hunger strike for one day.
Many Palestinian and Arab figures have also expressed their solidarity with the prisoners, including popular Lebanese singers Omaima al khalil and Ahmed Qa'bour (featured below), Karim Yunis, the longest-serving Palestinian prisoner in Israeli custody, and Lebanese poet and journalist Zahi Wahbi.
Below are the demands that the striking prisoners want met:
1- End solitary confinement 2- End administrative arrest 3- Improve the livelihood of prisoners by adding:
– A public phone in every prison and stations so that prisoners can communicate with their families.
– At least 18 satellite channels that meet prisoners' needs.
– Ventilation, cooling and heating systems.
– Kitchens and bakeries to be restored in all prisons and put under the supervision of security prisoners, and prisoners to be allowed to buy groceries. 4- Visiting policy:
– Restoring the two visits allowance. Currently the second visit has been stopped.
– Regular visits every two weeks to be allowed and facilitated by all bodies, especially for Gaza prisoners.
– First and second degree relatives to never be prevented from visiting the prisoner.
– Visit time to be extended from 45 minutes to 90 minuets.
– Allowing prisoners to take photos with their families every three months.
– Providing facilities in front of prisons' gates for visiting relatives to use and making sure they feel comfortable during the visit time.
– Allowing children and grandchildren under 16 to visit.
– Allowing visitors to bring books, newspapers, clothes, food and personal belongings to prisoners during visits. 5- Medical Policy:
– Ending medical negligence.
– Closure of the Ramle Prison Hospital for failing to provide prisoners with the required treatment.
– Periodic medical examinations for prisoners.
– Quick response to critical cases and timely surgeries performance.
– Allowing specialized doctors from abroad.
– Releasing prisoners with disabilities and chronic diseases.
– Saving prisoners the cost of treatment. 6- Transportation:
– Treating prisoners in a decent humane way during their transportation by buses.
– Returning prisoners back to prisons from clinics and courts and not to keep them at the check points.
– Arranging check points to be more humane and serving meals.
– Responding to the needs and demands of Palestinian female prisoners in private transportation and direct contact with visitors during visiting hours, among others. 7- Education:
– Continuing education at the Open Hebrew University to be allowed.
– Allowing prisoners to sit middle school exams in an official and pre-arranged manner with the government.
This post was edited and updated on May 4, 2017.
Australian solidarity activists are facing intense police repression. Erik Anderson Flickr
In the largest show of support for the Palestinian-initiated boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) campaign so far in Australia, more than 350 persons marched on 29 July in solidarity with the Palestinian struggle — and in opposition to an attempt by Victorian Police to criminalize Palestine solidarity activism in Melbourne.
A month earlier, on 1 July, a similar, peaceful BDS action involving 120 persons was brutally attacked by the Victorian Police. Nineteen individuals were arrested.
Charged with “trespassing” and “besetting,” those arrested are now facing fines of up to AUD $30,000 (approximately US $32,300). The 1 July action, organized by the Coalition Against Israeli Apartheid, had sought to highlight the complicity of two Israeli companies, Jericho and Max Brenner Chocolate, with Israel's occupation and apartheid policies. The action was the fourth protest against both companies since December 2010.
Jericho, located in Melbourne Central Shopping Centre and other shopping centers around the city, produces cosmetics made from minerals exploited from the Dead Sea. While Jericho and other Israeli companies — such as Ahava, also a target of BDS campaigns — profit from the Dead Sea, Palestinians are regularly denied access by Israel's military checkpoints, exclusion zones and Israeli-only roads.
Max Brenner Chocolate, the other Israeli company subject to BDS protests in Melbourne, is owned by the Strauss Group — one of Israel's largest food and beverage companies. On its website, the Strauss Group emphasizes its support for the Israeli military, providing care packages, sports and recreational equipment, books and games for soldiers.
Strauss boasts support for the Golani and Givati Brigades, which were heavily involved in Israel's military assault on the Gaza Strip in the Winter of 2008-09, which resulted in the killing of approximately 1,400 Palestinians, the majority civilians, including approximately 350 children. While Strauss has removed information about their support for the Golani and Givati brigades from their English language website, information about the company's support for both brigades remains on their Hebrew language site.
BDS repression coordinated with Israeli government
Trade union and community representatives spoke at the rally on 29 July before the crowd marched through the city. In spite of repeated threats of mass arrests by Victoria Police — and the deployment of police horses in one of the shopping centers — the protest marched into both the Melbourne Central and Queen Victoria centers, staging peaceful sit-ins in front of the Max Brenner stores located within.
Two day earlier, on 27 July, the Victorian police confirmed during a bail variation hearing at the Magistrates' Court of Victoria (local District Court) for some of the activists arrested on 1 July that a decision had been made to arrest the protesters before the demonstration. This decision was made after discussions with Zionist organizations, the Victorian government, shopping center managements and state and national management of Max Brenner.
In April, the Australian Jewish News (AJN) reported that the Jewish Community Council of Victoria (JCCV) had made representations to the Victorian police. According to the AJN, JCCV president John Searle had “called on the police to stamp down harder on aggressive protesters” (“Police questioned as protests turn violent,” 15 April 2011). Similar calls for a government and police crackdown on BDS protests against Max Brenner in Sydney were made in June by former AJN journalist Walt Secord, who is now a member of the NSW State Parliament (“Police called to action on BDS,” 24 June 2011).
On July 29, the same day as the BDS action against Max Brenner in Melbourne the Australian Jewish News carried a “debate” piece between Vic Alhadeff, the CEO of the NSW Jewish Board of Deputies, and Ted Lapkin, a former staffer with the key pro-Israeli lobby group in Australia, the Australia/Israel and Jewish Affairs Council. The piece reveals that the various calls for police and government crackdown on BDS activism was part of a “nationally coordinated strategy” developed with and backed by the Israeli Foreign Ministry (“BDS: To protest or not to protest?”).
Arguing against any Zionist-organized BDS “counter” protest, Alhadeff writes: “It is important for the community to be aware that our response to BDS forms part of [a] coordinated national strategy. Furthermore, this strategy is endorsed by counterparts abroad and Israel's Foreign Ministry.”
Alhadeff outlined this coordinated national strategy in response to BDS, stating that it “included, but is not limited to, engagement with civil society and politicians, patronage of boycotted outlets, cooperation with police, shop owners and center managers and exposure of the motives behind the BDS movement.” According to Alhadeff, Zionist policy in response to BDS should be one which seeks to “speak softly” but to also carry “a suggestion of a big stick.”
Activism leadership targeted
During cross-examination by Robert Stary, the lawyer representing the activists, Michael Beattie, an operational support inspector with the the Victorian Police, conceded that both Melbourne Central and Queen Victoria shopping centers were “public places” and that neither center prior to 1 July had sought any civil injunctions to prevent entry to the public places inside.
The cross-examination by Stary also revealed that the main reason that police had decided to criminalize the actions against the Israeli companies was because they had been well-organized, coordinated and effective.
Victorian Police acknowledged that the demonstrations had been peaceful, that solidarity activists hadn't damaged property and there was no record of police or any member of the public being injured.
According to the testimony given by Inspector Beattie, the police had specifically sought to target the leadership of the protests, in particular those activists the police perceived as “operating a command and control function,” in order to diminish the possibility of well-coordinated demonstrations — and to ensure “no protesters go to property and disrupt targeted business or additional businesses.”
According to Inspector Beattie, “the protesters had their own way” for too long and a “decision [was] made to draw a line in the sand and make arrests.” Another police officer, Senior Sargent Andrew Falconer, also gave testimony at the court hearing and acknowledged that police infiltrators had been sent to pro-Palestine solidarity meetings in order to monitor the activity of BDS activists.
In a statement issued after their arrests, the nineteen activists noted that “the attack on the peaceful BDS action in Melbourne highlights increasing attempts to criminalize BDS and Palestine solidarity activism internationally. Currently in the US, France and Greece, hundreds of pro-Palestine activists are facing criminal charges for nonviolently standing up for Palestinian human rights” (“Support the Boycott Israel 19 Defence Campaign”).
James Crafti, one of the activists arrested, told The Electronic Intifada that “the attempt by Israel and governments around the world to criminalize pro-Palestinian and BDS activism ignores the fact that the real criminal activity is being carried out by the Israeli state.”
“Since its founding in 1948, Israel has sought to ethnically cleanse the indigenous Palestinian people through war, occupation and apartheid practices. Israel regularly engages in collective punishment, arbitrary arrests, extra-judicial assassinations and the demolition of Palestinian homes and civil infrastructure, all of which are illegal under international law,” they added.
Crafti noted that while the Victorian and Australian governments sought to criminalize support for Palestine self-determination, they refused to hold Israel accountable for its human rights abuses, war crimes and apartheid policies.
All of the arrested activists who spoke to The Electronic Intifada said the police attack on the protest also highlighted the increasing repression of civil liberties and freedom of speech by the Victorian (conservative) Baillieu government.
One Palestine solidarity activist, Sue Bolton, who has been charged with “besetting” (obstructing or hindering the right to enter, use or leave a premise), asserted that the police reaction to the action on 1 July was “over the top.”
“There were massive numbers of police, well over a hundred, not counting those behind the scenes in the loading docks,” they said.
According to Bolton, the Queen Victoria Centre loading docks had been cleared of delivery trucks, allowing the police to set up a processing unit and bring in prison transport trucks to be used as holding cells for those arrested.
Bolton described how police had sought to “kettle” the demonstration by corralling protesters and physically pushing them into a smaller and smaller area. According to Bolton, this resulted in a number of protesters being injured and crushed when the police had surrounded and violently pushed protesters from all sides.
Similar tactics have been used by police forces in Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Finland and Denmark. The use of kettling by police in the UK against student protesters in November 2010 has led to legal challenges and the calling for a ban on the use of the tactic in the British High Court and the European Court of Human Rights.
Damian Ridgwell, another Palestine solidarity protester arrested on 1 July, told The Electronic Intifada that they had been standing away from the peaceful picket, speaking on a megaphone when three police officers grabbed him.
“I was dragged behind police lines,” Ridgwell said. “Once they grabbed me and started dragging me, I went limp and dropped to the ground … As I was being carried through the corridors of the loading dock, I lost consciousness because one of the police had me in a choke hold. I am not sure how long I was out, probably a few minutes. I woke up on the loading dock floor and heard the police saying I was ‘out.'”
Ridgwell, who was charged with trespassing, said “while it is outrageous we were arrested for peacefully demonstrating, our arrests have to be seen in the context of the Australia government's support for Israel and its continued theft of Palestinian land … it's important we don't let the police intimidate protests like this. It is important to keep going with the protests and to keep supporting BDS.”
Australian government's support of Israeli apartheid
Successive Australian governments, including the current Gillard government, have long supported Israel's colonial and apartheid policies.
Current Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard signaled their uncritical support for Israel when they were still deputy Prime Minster of Australia. During the early days of Israel's bombing of Gaza in the winter of 2008-09, they blamed Palestinians for Israel's all-out assault, saying that Hamas must “renounce violence” and that Israel had the “right to defend itself.”
During a visit to Israel In 2009, Gillard was thanked by Israeli government minister Isaac Herzog for standing “almost alone on the world stage in support of Israel's right to defend itself” (“Israel to Gillard: thanks for standing by us,” The Age, 24 June 2009).
The arrested activists noted that in June, the Baillieu government had established a new 42-member riot squad — and the attack on the 1 July protest was the first time it had been used in any significant way.
According to James Crafti, “the Victorian government thinks it can easily get away with attacking a pro-Palestine action because they think they can label us anti-Semitic.” Crafti, who is Jewish, said that the police and those opposed to the BDS actions, however, “underestimate the sympathy towards both Palestine and the [Palestine solidarity] movement in the broader community.”
“The amount of force used by the police and the response of the political elite to our protests, particularly the fact that the Australian Foreign Minister [and former Australian Prime Minister] Kevin Rudd felt the need to go a few days after our protest to Max Brenner as a public relations stunt is a sign of the pro-Israeli forces' desperation,” they added.
The eleven activists succeeded in changing the original bail conditions preventing them from entering either shopping center (which also host medical clinics and a major train station) until the end of their case, to a lesser restriction of being prohibited from being within fifty meters of Max Brenner in both centers. However, Stary said they were still “anxious about the criminalization of dissent.”
“The police should not be used to protect the interests of an international commercial company,” they said.
Building on the success of 29 July, Melbourne activists will continue to campaign in support of Palestinian rights and oppose the criminalization of Palestine solidarity activism. The next Melbourne BDS action is scheduled for 9 September, the same week those arrested will plead not guilty to the charges against them. The defense campaign in support of the arrested activists has gained wide attention, with well-known public figures such as filmmaker John Pilger, author Norman Finkelstein and radical thinker Noam Chomsky supporting the campaign.
In a media release issued immediately following the success of the 29 July BDS action, Melbourne activists said the Victorian Police “thought that by attacking the BDS demonstration they would put an end to our movement. They were wrong … [we will] not be silenced” (“BDS returns to Max Brenner in spite of police intimidation,” 5 August 2011).
Kim Bullimore has lived and worked in the West Bank of the Occupied Palestinian Territories.  They are a member of the Melbourne Coalition Against Israeli Apartheid and a co-organizer of the first national Australian BDS conference, which took place in Melbourne in October 2010. Kim writes regularly on the Palestine-Israel conflict for the Australian newspaper, Direct Action. They have a blog at livefromoccupiedpalestine.blogspot.com.
The Halloween fun at Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden has been darkened by tragic news.
On Tuesday, the zoo announced that 36-year-old Henry, Fiona the baby hippo's dad, has died.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
We're very sad to announce that our beloved Henry has died. Read more: https://t.co/3cx5vSMzWF pic.twitter.com/dAX2a4YQIa — Cincinnati Zoo (@CincinnatiZoo) October 31, 2017
“After watching Fiona fight, defy the odds and literally make history, it feels especially unfair and defeating to have to accept this outcome for Henry. While our time with them has been short in quantity, no one can deny that their quality of life before becoming ill was exceptional. From meeting, bonding and breeding with their mate Bibi, to becoming a father to charismatic and spirited Fiona, Henry's days in Cincinnati were filled with sunshine, watermelons, waterfalls and the highest quality of care that can be provided to any animal,” said Wendy Rice, Africa Head Keeper at the Cincinnati Zoo said in the zoo's statement on Henry's death.
This announcement follows months filled with health struggles for the large male hippo, who lost hundreds of pounds leading up to their death. On Oct. 10, the zoo first shared on Twitter that Henry wasn't feeling well.
“Henry's had a rough week — still little appetite & is losing weight. Our care team is doing everything to help him. Please send good vibes,” reads the first post about Henry's declining health.
Henry's had a rough week – still little appetite & is losing weight. Our care team is doing everything to help him. Please send good vibes pic.twitter.com/tIJq7TZ80e — Cincinnati Zoo (@CincinnatiZoo) October 10, 2017
Over the following weeks, Henry went to several vet exams, leading to sporadic closures of the hippo exhibit. The 3500-lb. hippo's initial blood tests showed they were fighting an infection. The zoo responded by administering antibiotics and making sure Henry got the rest and care they needed in their weakened state.
Henry the hippo update: pic.twitter.com/4WR24XVcfH — Cincinnati Zoo (@CincinnatiZoo) October 14, 2017
On Oct. 20, Henry's health appeared to improve. The zoo Tweeted that Henry's infection and abnormal kidney function, which keepers feared wasn't treatable, had been responding to treatment and medication.
Now we know where Fiona got their fight. Henry's exam indicated that antibiotics & treatment seem to be working. More: https://t.co/3RkSjtuX8Y pic.twitter.com/ULNipyABz9 — Cincinnati Zoo (@CincinnatiZoo) October 20, 2017
Unfortunately, Henry's spunk and fight wasn't enough to pull them through. Over the past few days, Henry's health started to decline again. After examining Henry Tuesday morning and determining that the hippo would not recover from their infection, zoo vets made the painful decision to euthanize Henry.
“The blood work from Henry's last exam gave us some hope that they were on the mend, but their appetite never returned and their condition declined rapidly. Vets and their care team worked tirelessly to keep them comfortable and help them fight this illness. Nothing – antibiotics, favorite foods, extra TLC – seemed to turn their condition around,” said Christina Gorsuch, Cincinnati Zoo's Curator of Mammals. “We are all so sad to lose him. Everyone loved him. They were a sweet, gentle giant with a big personality. They enjoyed interacting with their caregivers.”
This is a difficult loss for the zoo and #TeamFiona — the large group of Fiona the baby hippo fans who've fallen in love with the premature calf and their family over the past 10 months.
Keepers believe that Fiona and Bibi will be fine on their own without Henry, but that they're surviving family members will likely notice Henry is gone and wonder why they aren't answering their “Contact calls.”
Our thoughts go out to Fiona, their mother Bibi and the Cincinnati Zoo during this time of mourning.
Since I recently ordered a HTC G1 smartphone that runs Android, I wanted to be able to code for it as well. But since I'm a bit allergic to Java, I decided to figure out how to use the nice language Scala on it.
This turned out not to be very hard, but it was frustrating enough that I shall explain how I think to best do it. (Please notice that I don't really know Java, barely know Scala, had no clue about Android, and generally avoid “the Java way”, so please bear with me, and report any mistakes I did.)
In theory, we can just use scalac to compile our .scala files to ordinary JVM .class -files and they would interoperate without problems. In practice, this approach should be avoided, since Android does things a little bit differently: it does not run Java byte code, but Dalvik byte code, and you need to convert the .class files to .dex files to make them run on the phone, a task I call dexing.
So you can try to dex your .class files together with scala-library.jar , and after figuring how to give dx (the dexing tool) more heap space ( dx -JXmx512m ), it will happily munch that, think a rather long time, and spit out a not-very-compact ~800kb Android .apk application that does nothing yet.
After doing that a dozen times, you run out of coffee. And swap, maybe. Now, don't try to “pre-dex” the scala libraries, because in a .dex , everything is mangled into one file, and there are no tools to combine these files.
Instead, you should “treeshake” the application such that only the required Scala classes end up in the Android binary. I'll use ProGuard for this.
To make things short, here is a step-by-step guide:
Create the application skeleton (I use the Android SDK 1.1r1 for OS X): % activitycreator --out helloscala com.example.helloscala.HelloScala % cd helloscala Download Scala (I used version 2.7.3) and ProGuard (I used version 4.3), and extract them somewhere ( $SCALA , $PROGUARD ). Import the tools: % mkdir tools % cp $SCALA/lib/scala-{compiler,library}.jar tools % cp $PROGUARD/lib/proguard.jar tools Modify the Ant file. For your reference, this is the modified build.xml. Add inside the compile task: <taskdef resource="scala/tools/ant/antlib.xml" classpath="tools/scala-compiler.jar:tools/scala-library.jar" /> <scalac force="changed" deprecation="on" srcdir="${srcdir}" includes="**/*.scala" destdir="${outdir-classes}"> <classpath> <pathelement location="${android-jar}"/> <fileset dir="tools" includes="*.jar"/> </classpath> </scalac> Modify the dex task to look like this (“proguard” as dependency, changed fileset) <target name="dex" depends on="proguard"> <apply executable="${dx}" failonerror="true" parallel="true"> <arg value="--dex" /> <arg value="--output=${intermediate-dex-ospath}" /> <fileset dir="${outdir}" includes="*.min.jar"/> </apply> </target> Add the proguard task: <target name="proguard" depends on="compile"> <taskdef resource="proguard/ant/task.properties" classpath="tools/proguard.jar" /> <proguard> -injars ${outdir}/classes:tools/scala-library.jar(!META-INF/MANIFEST.MF,!library.properties) -outjars ${outdir}/classes.min.jar -libraryjars ${android-jar} -dontwarn -dontoptimize -dontobfuscate -keep public class * extends android.app.Activity </proguard> </target> Now, rewrite the .java file in Scala (don't forget to remove the HelloScala.java file): package com.example.helloscala // we need these _root_ because com.android exists, // and we are in com.example.helloscala. import _root_.android.app.Activity import _root_.android.os.Bundle class HelloScala extends Activity { override def onCreate(savedInstanceState: Bundle) { super.onCreate(savedInstanceState) // use a bit of Scala's stdlib, just to show off setContentView(List(R.layout.main) first) } }
Done! Now you can build it by running ant .
If the build succeeded, check bin/HelloScala-debug.apk :
% du bin/HelloScala-debug.apk 20 bin/HelloScala-debug.apk
Nice and small (well, a pure-Java app only has 4k, but its a lot better than 800kb unstripped Scala standard library)! You can check which Scala libraries this uses with:
% jar tvf bin/classes.min.jar
Now start up the emulator, and when it has booted, install your application:
% adb install -r bin/HelloScala-debug.apk
Then, you can select it in the emulator, and you should see the default “hello world” screen.
Congratulations, you are running Scala on Android!
For those of you that drive, I'd like you to start taking note of something. I'd like you to mentally document the way that pedestrians act at crosswalks. When you approach a crosswalk and there is a pedestrian walking across the street, look at how they respond to your presence.
If they are like most people, they will do something to pick up their pace and clear the intersection more quickly. They'll walk faster. They might even run. I've even seen people retreat back to the side of the road then wave me – the driver – through.
Now think of approaching that same intersection except, instead of a pedestrian crossing, there is someone in another car. What does that other driver do? Do they pick up their pace to clear the intersection for you? Do they retreat whence they came and wave you through? Of course not.
Why the difference?
The obvious answer would be the asymmetry of danger between the pedestrian and the automobile driver, the former being far more vulnerable. That might be the case in some instances, but you can observe pedestrians rushing across the street even when the car is fully stopped, the driver has made eye contact and there is no real risk.
I think a more pernicious reason for this behavior is that many – perhaps most – Americans today have accepted the notion that streets are for cars. Period. Anyone not in a car might be allowed in this space as a courtesy, but the paved street is – first and foremost – the dominion of cars.
Why is it that young girls are so often encouraged to play sports, be tomboys, or run for president, but young boys are rarely encouraged to play with dolls, embrace femininity, or become stay-at-home dads? It's an often overlooked double standard in today's society, and many men say they find it oppressive.
In Orange County, California, 8-year-old CJ Duran plays with dolls, wears skirts, and adores the color pink. While CJ loves playing with girly toys and wearing heeled sandals, it may come as a surprise to many to learn that CJ is a boy. They identify themselves as gender non-conformist, meaning that they still prefer masculine pronouns and is not transgender, but simply prefers the societally-defined “feminine” things in life. With unwavering support from their parents, CJ is redefining what it means to be a young boy in the modern world. Their acceptance, however, is not universal.
Field notes: Shifting gender roles Why is it that young girls are so often encouraged to play sports, be tomboys, or run for president, but young boys are never rarely encouraged to play with dolls, embrace femininity, or become stay-at-home dads? It's an often overlooked double standard in today's society, and many men say they find it oppressive.
“We've had people say that we're playing God. And we've had friends and family who have just unfriended us on Facebook and never talked to us again,” says Lori Duran, CJ's mother. “We've had friends say that they're no longer comfortable with their kids playing with our kids.”
When CJ first decided that they preferred “girly stuff” over “boy stuff”, Lori went online to do some research. When they realized that there were very few resources for parents who were learning to raise gender-nonconforming children, they were inspired to start their own blog, Raising my Rainbow. While embracing and documenting CJ's journey has led the Duran's to experience some alienation in their community, their journey has been inspiring to many.
The Duran's are not alone in their quest to redefine gender norms. Full Frame contributor Sandra Hughes examined how traditional gender roles are being challenged in the most unconventional ways.
Follow Raising my Rainbow on Twitter: @RaisingRainbow
Get the Recipe Banana Ketchup
It's only fitting that the number-one gift I receive each holiday season are all the grilling cookbooks that came out in the last year. As I spend the winter months working through each book, I rarely find myself surprised with variations of similar themes that seem to dominate the grilling genre. So, I was a little taken aback when leafing through Ray "Dr. BBQ" Lampe's Slow Fire: The Beginner's Guide to Barbecue and coming across a recipe for banana ketchup.
Marrying into a Filipino family, I've come to know banana ketchup, but never thought it was on the grilling radar enough to get into a grilling cookbook. For those not familiar with this condiment, it was born out of a shortage of tomato ketchup during World War II that forced an alternative made from the plentiful supply of bananas in the Philippines. Bananas, vinegar, and sugar were combined to create a loose facsimile of its tomato counterpart, then dyed red to fit the "ketchup" label.*
Dr. BBQ's recipe expands on that, deviating from authenticity and making a more complex sauce that pairs a base that tastes little of bananas, but mainly of sugar, and adds nuanced spices like ginger, turmeric, and allspice along with jalapeño and rum. This is certainly not your average ketchup; banana ketchup is a unique, delicious, and un-tomato-y condiment that deserves the attention it's getting in Slow Fire and now here.
Get the Recipe Banana Ketchup View Recipe »
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
This article is over 1 year old
Kentucky case centers on 2016 rally in which Donald Trump told supporters to ‘Get 'em out of here' and two women and a man say they were punched
A federal judge has rejected President Donald Trump's free speech defense in a lawsuit in which they are accused of inciting violence against protesters during their campaign.
White Donald Trump supporters shove black protesters at Kentucky rally Read more
Trump's lawyers sought to dismiss the lawsuit by three protesters who say they were roughed up by Trump supporters at a March 2016 campaign rally in Louisville.
Trump's lawyers contend that when the candidate said “Get 'em out of here”, they didn't intend for their supporters to use force.
Two women and a man say they were shoved and punched by audience members as Trump directed them from the podium. Much of the scuffle was captured on video and widely broadcast during the presidential campaign.
Judge David J Hale in Louisville ruled on Friday that the suit against Trump, their campaign and three of their supporters can proceed.
Hale found that there were ample facts supporting the allegation that the protesters' injuries were a “direct and proximate result” of Trump's actions.
“It is plausible that Trump's direction to ‘get 'em out of here' advocated the use of force,” Hale wrote.
Two of the Trump supporters are named in the suit. They are Alvin Bamberger, a member of the Korean War Veterans Association (KWVA) from Ohio, and Matthew Heimbach, a leader of the white supremacist group Traditional Youth Network from Paoli, Indiana.
Bamberger reportedly expressed regret over having been “caught up in the frenzy” at the rally, in a statement to the KWVA last year.
The Southern Poverty Law Center, which monitors extremist groups, says Heimbach is “considered by many to be the face of a new generation of white nationalists”.
Jose Juan Mendez Jr., mechanical engineering senior, shows their invention that helps patients self-correct during shoulder rehabilitation exercises. Marsha Miller
In 2014 the Seton Brain and Spine Recovery Center came to James Sulzer with a problem. Their patients were performing shoulder exercises incorrectly and subjecting themselves to further injury, a particular issue for patients with spinal cord injuries.
“We were looking for a device to help cue the patient when they are overusing the upper trapezius and hiking the shoulder,” says Eric Lantz, an occupational therapist at Seton.
Sulzer, a mechanical engineering professor, and their students went straight to work, testing lots of ways to address the problem in their lab, known as Rewire.
“We came up with a number of ideas with some complex engineering,” Sulzer says. “In the end, simplicity won out.”
Sulzer, along with mechanical engineering majors Jose Juan Mendez Jr. and Nicholas Daniel Philips, invented a newly patented device already being tested today by Seton Hospitals and UT Athletics to improve shoulder exercises. The device lets people know if they are performing shoulder exercises safely by clicking if the shoulder is too high.
Duannah Ashmore is in physical therapy with Lantz to help with their spinal cord trauma. They used the Rewire device for six weeks last spring.
“I would wear it around the house all day,” said Ashmore. “What a revelation. It's that little bit of therapy I can take with me.”
Now the team is working with UT Austin's Office of Technology Commercialization (OTC) to patent the device. The OTC is working with a company to commercialize the device in hopes that it will be distributed nationally to hospitals, therapy centers and for at-home physical therapy.
We visited the Rewire lab to talk about how they came to their simple invention with real clinical application.
The Rewire Lab is also working on a way to help patients struggling to walk again. Above is a miniature prototype of the robotic gait trainer designed by graduate student Sung Yul Shin. The purpose is to provide gait therapy to spinal cord injured patients improving their ability to stand and walk.
What is Rewire?
James Sulzer: Rewire stands for Rehabilitation with Insight from Robotics and Engineering. We're part of a larger consortium of researchers and clinicians around UT Austin called CARE (Clinically Applied Rehabilitation Engineering).
How would you describe your invention?
Sulzer: The device is a piece of measuring tape between two stickers. It's almost absurdly simple. When it is attached to the neck and shoulder, it clicks when scapular elevation occurs, providing a sound to the patient without the need for observation of a therapist. We think that with this device people will be more independent in their shoulder therapy, allowing home use.
Mendez demonstrates the larger model of the robotic gait trainer. It applies complex knowledge of body kinetics to a low-tech solution for more affordable healthcare.
How many other prototypes did you try? Why did you choose this simple version as the best choice?
Jose Juan Mendez Jr: We went through four to five different prototypes. We began with an infrared red sensor system, but it was difficult to tune and rigging it on the shoulder would have been burdensome. After a meeting we then went back down to a mechanical solution. From there we went from a beam with relief cuts to supports with the measuring tape, and then with varying cantilever (overhang) length supports.
We came down to its current simple version because it met the doctor's and clinician's needs of a simple-to-use, small and audio-feedback device. The solution that we came up with showed that simple is the best solution. It can't get any simpler than tape and stickers on the sides.
Why did you choose to study robotics and health?
Sulzer: As engineers, we love to create things that solve problems. There's an added sense of satisfaction when you have the chance to make a positive change to someone's quality of life.
What has been the most challenging part of working on your invention?
Sulzer: Making sure everything stays funded.
Nicholas Daniel Phillips: Patience. Some of the things we work on take time and it is challenging to be patient when you want everything to work perfectly and smoothly the first time. I know overcoming all the hurdles will make coming up with a good solution worth it in the end.
Mendez: Patience is the biggest challenge in this type of work. Working with doctors, clinicians and red tape makes it very difficult to keep work on a constant pace. Yet, the end result makes it all worthwhile.
Rewire team working on the shoulder rehab device. From left, Professor James Sulzer, Jose Juan Mendez Jr., Emma Neuendorff. Not pictured: Nicholas Daniel Philips.
What is your favorite thing about working at Rewire Lab?
Sulzer: When the students begin to see the big picture — how their engineering skills can dovetail with clinicians' knowledge and create something useful. It's not as easy as it sounds.
Phillips: I want to be a lifelong problem solver. Working at Rewire has allowed me to see that I might actually get to do this for the rest of my life and enjoy it.
Mendez: My favorite part is hearing back from the clinicians that a patient is happily using the device. It lets me know that there's a purpose to the work we're doing.
How has working in this lab shaped your time at UT?
Sulzer: I think my biggest realization was that I'm not the guy leading things anymore, but rather guiding. The students here are phenomenal; my job is just to focus their energies towards a productive goal.
Phillips: Working at Rewire has taught me to appreciate my education more. Before I felt like I was learning things just to learn them. Now I realize that I have been developing a certain “engineering mindset,” and classes, while still tough, are much more enjoyable. Also, Dr. Sulzer is a great mentor and has helped me realize, maybe not intentionally, certain career paths I would like to take further down the road.
The Institutional Review Board recently authorized the lab to start quantitative human testing of the device. Engineering student Emma Neuendorff will be leading the test.  They are modeling sensors used to track the motion of the shoulder during the shoulder exercises.
Mendez: Working at Rewire has helped me realize that I'm more capable than I thought I was. Coming in the lab I knew nothing about medical devices or working with any professionals. This experience has made me more comfortable to jump into an unknown field and seek out design-centered courses. James is a great mentor and after working in their lab it helped me narrow down the career paths I would like to work in.
What do you want your lab to be known for?
Sulzer: Improving stroke patients' lives by understanding their problems and then developing the appropriate technology to address them.
What's next?
Sulzer: We're conducting studies on the device now to examine how it can adjust to people of different sizes and then translating this to patient studies. We hope to learn how effective it is at assisting therapy. We have three areas we'd like to go into, home physiotherapy (a company is interested in licensing the device in that regard), neurological therapy after spinal cord injury, stroke or other injuries and diseases (its initial intended purpose) and, finally, athletics and biomechanics.
A “campus carry” bill legalizing firearms on Georgia's college campuses passed a key House committee Tuesday, after the chairperson unexpectedly added the bill to their panel's agenda with little notice.
Update: Georgia legislators approve handgun carry law
House Bill 859 would allow anyone 21 or older with a weapons license to carry a gun anywhere on a public college or university campus, except for dormitories, fraternity and sorority houses and at athletic events.
Supporters said eight states allow campus carry, and nearly two dozen others allow individual schools to decide.
In Georgia, however, allowing guns on campus has long been opposed by the powerful University System of Georgia and leaders of the state's universities and colleges over concerns about students' maturity and safety on campus.
Efforts to legalize guns on campus have a long history at the Capitol. The most recent attempt came in 2014 when the state House voted to legalize campus carry as part of a broader effort dubbed the “Guns Everywhere Bill.” The Senate, however, stripped the campus carry language out of the bill before passage.
Tuesday's vote by the House Public Safety and Homeland Security Committee came as Democrats protested Chairman Alan Powell's decision to consider the bill without telling them ahead of time. It sends the bill to the House Rules Committee, which decides when or if bills receive a floor vote in the chamber.
With a BIG Gulp..
“Remember no drama Obama?” they asked. “If only. Now it's all drama Obama.”
You efftarded Buck Ofama supporters and you Palin bashers can say what you want..She has more balls and savvy then Buck Ofama could ever have..To bad the establishment and the Buck Ofama PR firms, formerly known as the media, were so damn afraid of her, they wet themselves and then went over the top to destroy here…Yet they are still around asswipes!!!
___
Keep your advice, we'll keep our guns and Freedom..
___
This dude is just not human..AssO would cover it…
___
Unenforceable…The ridiculous laws passed by Politicians. But that's what they do best…
War is coming…
___
Who gave you the Right?
Time to get a gun!!
___
I am confident I will not submit to any more Government BULLshit laws..
___
Advertisements
The first episodes of Galavant basically came perfectly bundled and tightly packaged to me with a big, red bow and a note reading “hate-watch me, please.” It's a half-hour comedy, set in a vaguely British sounding medieval times, that also happens to be a musical. Its previews seemed cringe-worthy, its entire existence seemed doomed to fail before it began. It's basically NBC's yearly live musical experiments but every single Sunday and with a guest appearance by Weird Al Yankovic. History tells me I should hate this. Everything I've ever believed in tells me that this show, more than all other shows ever produced, is good for the Twitter jokes you will get in before it is cancelled in three weeks. I wrote the damn guide on doing just that.
But man do I really enjoy Galavant.
Is it a case of my once cynical heart being melted by an armor-wearing and bleached-white smiling Joshua Sasse as the titular character? Maybe. But the first two episodes, together making up last night's one-hour premiere, had so much more going for it than I ever would have imagined. For one, despite everything, it is almost impossible to hate-watch. It is the exact thing Alison Williams said Peter Pan Live would be but wasn't. Peter Pan Live felt more like it was saying “hey, look at us we cast Christopher Walken we're not taking ourselves too seriously” then went ahead and took itself way too seriously. But Galavant's unwavering ridiculousness and gentle fourth wall breaking ensures you that it is in on its own joke. It is very, very hard to mock something that is better than you at mocking itself. Did that even make sense? Does my love for a TV musical even make sense? What even is the world anymore?
Another unexpected aspect of Galavant is the fact that it is is genuinely funny. Much of this can be credited to creator Dan Folgelman, who also wrote 2012's Crazy, Stupid, Love, but the cast itself is up to the challenge of making this absurd thing work. Far and away the standout is Timothy Omundson as King Richard who, despite being this show's villain, steals every scene they are in with a combination of likability, charisma and beard. This does present a problem that far too many basic cable genre shows face, the problem of a villain being far favorable over the show's hero, but in Galavant AND Galavant's case I think that's kind of the point. The whole show would rather be a send-up of a fairy tale than a fairy tale, and it does a great job of it. Galavant as the muscle-bound and stone-chinned hero never really changes over the first hour (or, really, any of the un-aired episodes I've seen). But, thinking back, the damsel-saving hero hasn't changed much over the past 500 years, either.
This, and Timothy Omundson speaking the words “Oh poop I got gravy on my tummy flowers” just sort of makes me laugh.
And then there's the music, because lest we forget this is a half-hour muscial TV show in the year 2014. I can't say I'm much of a musical “buff,” or “fan,” or “person with any knowledge whatsoever,” but I do know catchy when I hear it. It doesn't hurt to have Tangled duo Alan Menken and Glenn Slater behind the writing, who somehow manage to make the name of the show a refrain that you'll sing to yourself against your will. Mr. Menken themselves had a hand in pretty much every Disney musical you loved in the '80s and '90s. And even when the jokes-as-lyrics miss (and they do, widely and often) they are often followed by a visual-gag or a subtle wink that lands. I never thought I'd be unironically comparing this show to the cleverness of a Spamalot or a Robin Hood: Men in Tights, but here we are. I'm doing it. Right now. I was expecting to compare it Smash, or Glee. And oh boy, do I hate Smash and Glee.
Now I can't in good faith say that Galavant is anywhere near perfect. Funny enough, I could understand why someone could watch 20 minutes of this and turn it off. Some of the broad-stroke jokes are painted broad with a capital BROAD, and there is a ton of safe-for-ABC innuendo that I would have been grounded for in the eighth grade. The plot itself is really much to write home about, either. There is a weird obsession on this show with mocking beautiful people who are not in any way fat for being fat — whether it be the “out of shape” Galavant or the “plump” Isabella — that I find pretty uncomfortable. But what the show loses in its awkwardness it gains in its heart. Everyone, from the creators to the musicians to the cast, is game to make this show work despite what this show is. And it works so well, at least for me, which in turn makes me wonder how and why I like this show so much. Who knew the first show of 2015 to put me though an existential crisis would be one to feature so many singing and dancing village peasants?
Ultimately, I that's probably the reason why Galavant will probably be doomed anyway. It is the first show I've ever watched that was enjoyable to the point of confusion. Nobody is going to know what to do or how to watch Galavant. Modern TV watchers — me most definitely included — are almost predisposed to disliking a show like Galavant. Or, at the very least, mocking it on the internet.
In the end, if the ratings are terrible and the show fades away, can we all at least take a moment to recognize that Jon Stamos' character being named Jean Hamm made me laugh out loud?
“By shutting down the government, Republicans are satisfying the Koch brothers while millions of people are suffering,” Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, Democrat of Nevada, said in a Twitter message before the Kochs distanced themselves from the Heritage Action effort.
Mr. Holler said that one issue dividing conservatives was the timing of attacks on the health care plan. The supporters of Heritage Action's strategy believed that the critical moment to mobilize was the convergence of the new budget year that began Oct. 1 — meaning the government would run out of money if a new budget was not passed — and the opening day of the online markets, known as exchanges, that enabled people to buy health insurance under the new law.
“If there is a better strategy than defunding, we are all ears,” Mr. Holler said, recalling a conversation among conservative activists this year as they debated the best path. “If it is more workable, sign us up. But nobody was able to present one that would work before October 1st.”
Opponents of the approach are arguing that conservatives would have been better served by trying to force an overall reduction in federal spending and tying that effort to the debt ceiling fight, a step the Koch-backed Americans for Prosperity urged this week. Specifically, the group argues that stopping the health care plan should be a years-long effort to marshal what it says will be growing public animosity toward the law. That will help elect Republican majorities in both houses of Congress, which will repeal it.
Stanley S. Hubbard, a Minnesota-based television executive and a donor to groups supported by the Kochs, said they preferred that approach. “Whether you like it or not, it's the law,” they said. “And if you don't like it, elect people who can repeal it.”
The start-up of the program offered a perfect opportunity to advance that longer-term approach, supporters of it said, since without the politically manufactured budget crisis, there would have been more media attention on the program's troubled beginning, including failures of the online enrollment system.
“We believe tying the fight over Obamacare to the continuing resolution takes our focus off the many flaws of Obamacare, as well as cutting out-of-control government spending,” said James Davis, a spokesperson for Freedom Partners.
But nevertheless, many greeted the ruling as an important milestone.
“The European Court of Human Rights is very much respected in Europe and we can expect that in the majority of countries where this issue comes up, this ruling will be respected as the new precedent,” said Richard Köhler, the senior policy officer at Transgender Europe. They said the first impacts of the decision may be seen in upcoming court cases in Bulgaria and Macedonia.
Sterilization procedures take many forms in the countries where it remains a requirement, said Kyle Knight, a researcher in the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights division at Human Rights Watch. They said some countries mandate the surgical removal of genitalia and reproductive organs while other requirements more vaguely call for procedures that produce “irreversible infertility.”
“All of these are coercive, humiliating, and unnecessary,” they said.
While activists celebrated the ruling, many also said it did not go far enough. Transgender people in many European countries are required to receive a mental health diagnosis or undergo medical examinations before they can legally change their gender, and the court did not find those requirements to be a violation of human rights.
“The court followed its previous arguments that trans issues are medical issues and decided it was in line with European standard of human rights to request a medical exam and a mental health diagnosis,” said Mr. Köhler. “We think the next frontier is to get trans people and trans issues outside the medical framework because no gender identity is pathological or can be determined by someone else except for the person concerned.”
Governments in Western Europe have begun moving away from requiring transgender people to undergo sterilization or gender reassignment surgery in recent years. Mandatory gender reassignment was found to be unlawful in Austria in 2009 and in Germany in 2011. Sterilization requirements were outlawed in Sweden in 2012 and in Norway in 2014.
Only a handful of European countries allow transgender people to legally change their gender without the input of medical or mental health professionals, Mr. Köhler said: Ireland, Denmark, Norway and Malta, which also bans conversion therapy, a collection of pseudo-psychiatric methods that attempt to change a person's sexual orientation or gender identity.
In the United States, requirements for legally changing one's name and gender on official documents vary from state to state, said Arli Christian, a state policy counsel at the National Center for Transgender Equality. No proof of gender reassignment surgery is needed to change federally issued documents like a passport, but 23 states require proof of surgery before they allow someone to change state-issued documents like a birth certificate.
I say Israel, you say shrapnel. I say Israel you say, unrest. But wait. You've got it all wrong. You see New York and Ibiza had this torrid love affair and had a baby. They called their Tel Aviv. They inherited their parents' best features-the 24/7 nightlife and culture of New York and beaches and beautiful people of Ibiza. If your religion is art, dancing and beaching, I suggest you cancel your lame Hampton's share and get to Tel Aviv this instant.
(Might I suggest you listen to this playlist while you read?)
Enter the hotel. I arrived at the Brown TLV- a 70's retro-themed boutique hotel where my flare jeans-wearing, platform-wearing, mid-century collecting arse felt right at home. Sit in the lobby for 3 seconds and they will serve you champagne and chocolate all the while you get the feeling Jackie Brown might saunter in from a hard day of hustling or you might turn your head and see Andy Warhol and some young handsome Israeli man sitting in the corner of the solarium staring at plants, smoking cigarettes. If you are feeling particularly late 70's there is a Jacuzzi on the roof deck.
Exit through the hotel gift shop. Walk down to Neve Tzedek. My mother grew up there in the fifties where my grandmother sewed their beautiful clothes and my grandpa would work odd jobs as much as they would give an immigrant. But Neve Tzedek is unrecognizable from those days and now it's a storybook neighborhood. Art galleries, bespoke jewelry and clothing stores line the streets. My favorite store was Dave + Esty. What I loved most was their sculpted air conditioning vent necklace. It fed my love for all things hardware and machinery.
Walking from Neve Tzedek to Habima Theater to meet my friend, stylist and fashion writer Moody Roza for lunch, I stopped into Sommer Contemporary Art to see the work of Peter Halley. It took my breath away. The colors. When I met Moody to tell them my idea of writing about misconceptions about Tel Aviv they were so happy. They love this city and you can tell. Them whole life is dedicated to writing about its culture, art and fashion. You can read their blog here on Tel Avivian.
Go out. My Tel Avivian cousin Shlomi thought it would be great if they took my phone and guest hosted my Tindr account. They noted there are a lot of single men in this city. And I will attest, the highest concentration of eligible, hunky men in the whole world are in this city. About 80% of Tel Avivian men in their late 20's and 30's are still single!
My cousin Shlomi selected a fetching red head for me who met us only fifteen minutes later at Cookies and Cream, a hidden club in an alley where people were smoking inside. Smoking isn't really legal inside all Tel Aviv establishments, but so many people smoke, you can't really control it. Cousin Shlomi exited the scene after a few minutes seeing that Red and I were locking eyes. While walking me back to the hotel, Red gave me this incredible walking tour of the architecture of Tel Aviv at 2am. Red was perfect for me-he spoke English, was an amazing kisser and thought I was fetching. But alas, I had left Red at the hotel door because I knew I'd never leave Tel Aviv if I let them upstairs.
The Architecture: About what Red was sharing with me regarding the architecture in Tel Aviv...walk around the city and you will see buildings that resemble Bauhaus. There are over 4000 buildings in this International Style-their own brand of Bauhaus created by the German Jewish architects that moved to Tel Aviv in the 1930's. At least 1500 of these structures are under renovation-which won't go unnoticed-laborers working all morning and on lunch break spitting out their sunflower seeds is commonplace. You won't mind the noise though, because the air smells like lilac perfume.
SunGoddessing on the beach. Bring your watermelon, wireless speakers, and a towel. Don't be fancy. Browse to your Reggae playlist and press play. Forget that Nikki Beach-smells-like-money vibe. They don't do it like that here. The culture, the beach-it isn't about pretention its about ascension-feeling the music and the water to get you back to your true self. Wait, maybe Tel Aviv is about religion as we know it ☺
Here's a rundown of the playlist. You can listen to it here.
Deadbeats - Got It Going On (Aim Remix)
The Bug - 'Diss Mi Army' feat. Miss Red
Discodromo - live at Panorama Bar
Elad Ron Vs Eddie C All Night Long @ Bohnengold Berlin
Dan Orbach - Beats, Bath & Beyond
BRADYS BEND TOWNSHIP (KDKA/AP) –A man is facing charges for allegedly attacking their elderly neighbors in Armstrong County.
The incident happened at a home on Bowser Road in Bradys Bend Township Saturday morning.
When the couple answered a knock at the door, they saw 56-year-old Paul Chilcott standing naked on the porch.
Chilcott was acting strangely and said they wanted to kill their wife. The husband tried to calm Chilcott down, invited them into the house to rest and called 911.
A short time later, Chilcott began attacking the couple. To stop the attack, the husband grabbed a vase and struck Chilcott in the head.
The couple was taken to a Pittsburgh hospital for treatment, but their conditions are unknown.
Meanwhile, Chilcott was taken for a psychiatric evaluation. They face a preliminary hearing July 22 on aggravated assault, open lewdness and other charges.
Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook Page
Stay Up To Date, Follow KDKA On Twitter
(TM and © Copyright 2015 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2015 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Hey squiddo, do you think you're the very best? Well, prove it! Nintendo just announced a partnership with Battlefly to host the Splatoon Inkling US Open. The grand prize is a trip for the winning team to attend E3 and check out Nintendo's upcoming game lineup, including Splatoon 2!
Check out the official press release:
When you play the original Splatoon game for the Wii U console, do you ever think to yourself: “Wow. I'm really good at this game and would love to put my skills to the test for the chance to win an awesome prize – maybe, I don't know, an amazing trip to E3 2017 in sunny Los Angeles”? If so, this is the opportunity for you!
Battlefy is hosting an online Splatoon tournament across different game modes, including Turf War, Splat Zones, Tower Control and Rainmaker. Anyone ages 18 and up living in the United States with a Wii U console, the Splatoon game and internet access can participate. The winning team will win a trip to Los Angeles to attend the E3 video game trade show this June and check out what Nintendo has in store.
To enter, just find three other friends (and an optional backup) to join your squid squad and register your team at https://battlefy.com/splatoon.
The qualifying round (Turf War) is on April 22 at 11 a.m. PT, but make sure to log in early and click the “Check In” button an hour before tournament time. Once the bracket is seeded, you can set up your qualifying match using Battlefy's Private Match Chat and then proceed to splat your way to hopeful victory. The top 16 teams in the qualifying round will then move on to the finals. In the finals, teams will play Turf War, Splat Zones and Tower Control in succession in single-elimination best-of-five play until only two teams remain. The Grand Finals will see the final two teams doing battle in Rainmaker mode to determine the winner. The finals will begin on April 29 at 11 a.m. PT.
For the full rules and tournament time, visit https://battlefy.com/splatoon. For more information about Splatoon, visit http://splatoon.nintendo.com/.
Jennifer Aniston poses in the press room at the Oscars on Sunday, Feb. 22, 2015, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)
Women without children are not anomalies, the latest census data shows.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau's Current Population Survey, in 2014, 47.6 percent of women between age 15 and 44 had never had children, up from 46.5 percent in 2012. This represents the highest percentage of childless women since the bureau started tracking that data in 1976.
Time reported that this pattern is particularly pronounced for women between 25 and 29 -- 49.6 percent of women in that age group don't have kids. Unsurprisingly, after age 30 those numbers drop and more women become moms. The survey found that 28.9 percent of women ages 30-34 are childfree.
The census data is backed up by data from the National Center for Health Statistics. According to a recent report, in 2013 there were just 62.9 births for every 1,000 women between the ages of 15 and 44 in the U.S. -- an all-time low.
These numbers confirm what most childfree women already know: greater numbers of women are waiting longer to have children, or not having children at all.
"There has been a profound disconnect between the speed at which women have been asked to take full-time roles in the workplace and the rate at which we've adapted laws and social programs to support this drastic change in the lives of women," writes Plank. "The reality is that if you're both a mother and an employee, every day is a double-shift."
Millennial women understand the challenges they will face if they choose to have children, including navigating the division of childcare with their partners. A March article in New York Magazine looked at straight couples in which the women are more unsure about whether they want kids than their male partners. Bryce R. Covert, the author of the article, wrote that the women they interviewed "were all acutely aware of how having a baby would significantly rearrange all of the pieces of their lives, many of which they worked hard to put in place."
Formula One engineers are always looking for ways they can improve the performance of their cars. In a sport of such tight margins, even a gain of a hundredth of a second can make the difference between first and second place.
For every small incremental improvement, sometimes an F1 engineer has an idea that's something more - one that changes the sport forever. Here are five of the biggest that changed the way we think about the sport, and went from just a bright idea to being standard equipment.
the move to mid-engined layouts
Back in the sport's infancy, regulations were few and far between, and there was a huge range of engine designs on display. However, one thing they all had in common was a layout going back to the earliest days of motoring - engine at the front, driver in the middle, power going through the rear.
That wasn't to last. In 1957, the Cooper team turned up with the T43, F1's first ever mid-engined car - positioned behind the driver and ahead of the rear axle - and by the early 60s, everyone wanted one. Placing the engine rearwards gave cars a much better weight distribution, eliminating the huge understeer that plagued early designs.
These days, we take this layout for granted, but back then, it was something truly revolutionary, and the sport has never looked back.
the arrival of aerodynamics
Enzo Ferrari is reputed to have once said: "Aerodynamics are for people who can't build engines." However, by the late 1960s, it was obvious that power alone was no longer enough to get to the front of the grid. The introduction of aero to the F1 paddock was a fairly gradual process as teams experimented with different sizes and shapes of wings, and explored factors like ground effect. By the late 70s, a formula emerged - skinny front wing, bigger rear wing to push the tyres into the ground and allow higher cornering speeds.
There were a few misses along the way. McLaren, for example, experimented with a front wing held up high above the car. It was nicknamed "the guillotine" and was unsurprisingly banned after just one outing, while a range of spectacular accidents caused by disintegrating wings led to more restrictions being brought in.
As a result, today's aerodynamics look a lot more homogenised - but any engineer will tell you getting them right is one of the most important factors in getting an F1 car to go fast, regardless of what Enzo Ferrari may have thought.
the time of the turbos
In the 1980s, with aerodynamics better understood, teams were turning their attention back towards power. In this period, everyone was looking for new ways of squeezing more speed out of their - by now more regulated - engines, and the answer was turbocharging. First introduced on the 1977 Renault RS01, early turbos gave a huge power boost, though they did suffer from lag that hindered their initial acceleration.
Over the next decade or so, engineers found ways to improve the output, so by the late 80s, they were regularly pushing out 1,000 horsepower. However, this was as far as they were allowed to go before the FIA, concerned by the power and danger of these engines, as well as their spiralling costs that threatened to put smaller teams out of business, banned them in 1988.
The turbo era may have been relatively short, but many of F1's most iconic cars come from it because it was a showcase that really pushed the limits of what an engine is capable of.
the rise (and fall) of traction control
A consequence of the huge power generated by the turbos meant cars were increasingly difficult to control, and this is where technology stepped in. Engineers, by now supported by more advanced electronics, responded with a new era of gadgets that moved the focus from power to control.
Marrying electronics and mechanical engineering to control acceleration and eliminate wheelspin became a must-have for teams in the early 90s, but was never without its controversy. Amid claims it takes away from driver skill, it was first banned in 1994, before being allowed again in 2001 after concerns teams were exploiting various loopholes to avoid the rules.
It was banned for the second time in 2008 - a rule that remains in force today - but remains a great example of how F1 adapts to cope with new challenges - and one that has had a direct impact on road car technology development.
the hybrid era
One of the most recent overhauls was the move from full-blooded V8 monsters to smaller, greener and infinitely more complex hybrid powertrains in 2014. Interestingly, this innovation wasn't so much led by the teams themselves, but grew from a desire to increase F1's relevance to road cars and respond to a changing world which efficiency was a greater concern than ever before.
Working out how to fit in technology such as Energy Recovery Systems and electric components into the tight confines of an F1 car has proven a huge challenge for engineers, even as the engines themselves have shrunk from V8s to V6s - although turbos are back to give the power an additional kick.
While not everyone has been happy with the new, quieter engines, it is a change that is set to shape F1 for years to come - and one that will have a knock-on effect on the car you drive in the future.
Randstad was an official partner of the Williams Martini Racing Team from 2006 to 2017. Click here to apply for the engineering jobs we have to offer today.
President of the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Javier Palomarez resigned from Donald Trump's White House Diversity Council live on HLN's “Across America with Carol Costello” Tuesday morning.
“I have resigned. There is no letter, this is it, this is the resignation. I tried to work as hard as I could with this administration on the issue,” Palomarez said to Costello after hearing the news that the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program (DACA) will be phased out over the next six months.
“I continue to want to work with them on other issues like tax reform and healthcare reform and so, so many other important things, I don't see the logic in doing what we are doing right now,” Palomarez continued.
Also Read: Hollywood, Media and Politicians Blast 'Coward' Trump's DACA Decision
When Costello asked Palomarez if they were truly “resigning on HLN right now,” they responded:
“I am resigning right now from that council. I don't see the point in continuing to try to work with people that clearly don't see this issue the way I do. This was the only thing we were focused on and I never believed in the wall, I did not stand in the way of the wall,” they said. “Nobody was going to die if a wall got built. We are talking about people's lives here and chief among them are the young people. People who are brought here of no knowledge or any kind of decisions of their own. They were brought here on average of the age of six or younger. They have worked hard to become good American citizens. We should be protecting these people and not expelling them from this country.”
Also Read: Hollywood, Tech Leaders Denounce Trump's Plan to Scrap DACA: 'Heartless Prick'
Earlier Tuesday, they told HLN's Poppy Harlow that “I am out if Trump ends it,” referring to DACA.
Palomarez and the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce endorsed Hillary Clinton in the election, but has been seeking to work with Trump on a number of issues since the president took office.
The Trump administration announced Tuesday the decision to phase out the DACA program, which has given legal protections to 800,000 “DREAMers” who were brought to the United States as minors.
DDP A memorial service for the German soldier killed in Afghanistan on Wednesday.
German political pundits are fond of pointing out that, should Barack Obama be elected as the next president of the United States, it will be much more difficult for Germany to turn them down should they ask Berlin for help in the world's hotspots. But recent statistics show that even should the political will exist, the German army might have trouble mustering the soldiers necessary.
According to a Friday report in the daily Die Welt, demographic trends in Germany may lead to a dwindling number of young Germans willing to join the military. Consistently low birth rates in Germany mean that the number of high school graduates in Germany will fall from 974,000 in 2007 to 781,000 in 2020 -- a drop of 20 percent.
That, though, isn't the only problem facing the Bundeswehr, as Germany's army is called. There are indications that the army is already losing its shine as a career choice, with the German Army Federation -- a kind of trade union for the armed forces -- claiming that the country's Afghanistan mission has led to a 50 percent drop in applications in 2008. The German Defense Ministry on Thursday dismissed these figures, but admitted that in the first half of 2008 it had seen 16 percent fewer applicants to become officers and 11 percent fewer for lower grades. The ministry argued that this was a normal fluctuation and that it expected application numbers for all of 2008 to be similar to the previous year. The ministry also said that while around 10 percent of officers break off their careers early, these numbers are consistent with previous years.
Still, the army is still facing that future demographic dip and Bernhard Gertz, the chairperson of the German Army Federation, told the Frankfurter Zeitung that the Bundeswehr has to "draw serious conclusions from the growing problem of finding a younger generation."
For Reinhold Robbe, the German parliament's military commissioner, demographics are not at the root of the problem. They told the Berliner Zeitung that it was more an issue of the "attractiveness" of a life in the army. They said that highly-qualified officers have to work under dangerous conditions and increasingly long hours, and at the end of the month they come home with less in their pockets than if they worked in the civilian economy.
"There has to be a sober analysis of who earns what doing which tasks," they said in comments published on Friday. Robbe, whose job involves speaking regularly to soldiers about their concerns, believes that another reason for the drop off in Germans pursuing a military career is the toll it takes on family life. "The Bundeswehr has obviously been too late in realizing that the balance between family and career is becoming increasingly important."
Gertz's deputy at the German Army Federation, Ulrich Kirsh told the Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung on Thursday that economic concerns are not the only reason for a drop in applications. A soldier serving in Afghanistan gets a tax-free bonus of 92.03 for every day served, they pointed out, "but pay isnt everything." It is the danger of the mission in Afghanistan that is making prospective soldiers think twice about a military career. They said that the latest German casualty in Afghanistan -- the death of a 29-year-old master sergeant in a bomb attack by the Taliban on Wednesday -- brought home the fact that death and injury was a part of that mission.
smd -- with wire reports
This is a list of the last World War I veterans to die by country. The last living veteran of World War I (28 July 1914 – 11 November 1918) was Florence Green, a British citizen who served in the Allied armed forces, and who died 4 February 2012, aged 110.[1] The last combat veteran was Claude Choules who served in the British Royal Navy (and later the Royal Australian Navy) and died 5 May 2011, aged 110.[2] The last veteran who served in the trenches was Harry Patch (British Army) who died on 25 July 2009, aged 111. The last Central Powers veteran, Franz Künstler of Austria-Hungary, died on 27 May 2008 at the age of 107.
The total number of participating personnel is estimated by the Encyclopædia Britannica at 65,038,810. There were approximately 9,750,103 military deaths during the conflict.
Veterans, for this purpose, are defined as people who were members of the armed forces of one of the combatant nations up to and including the date of the Armistice. This policy may vary from the policy in actual use in some countries.
List [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The Delhi Jal Board (DJB) Tuesday approved a combined 20 per cent hike in water and sewer charges in the capital for consumption of over 20,000 litres a month. The AAP government, however, claimed that this hike will not be for households consuming less than that. The announcement comes three months after Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal took charge of the water ministry after Kapil Mishra was removed from the post. The new rates, officials said, would come into force from February 2018.
Advertising
DJB vice-chairperson and AAP MLA from Sangam Vihar Dinesh Mohaniya said, “It will effectively lead to a rise of Rs 28 per month for consumers crossing the 20,000-litre limit.”
Earlier, the water tariff for those consuming above 20,000 litres per month was Rs 286.89. After the increase, it will be Rs 315.05, said, officials. For those consuming 23,000 litres a month will see an increase of Rs 49.24 per month. While earlier it was Rs 465.55 per month, it will now be Rs 514.79 per month. For those consuming 25,000 litres of water, the tariff has been increased by Rs 63.28 — from Rs 535.86 to Rs 599.14.
“This is just the water charge, the sewer charge is calculated on the basis of consumption and is 60 per cent of the volumetric consumption,” said an official.
A Delhi government statement maintained, “In Tuesday's board meeting, it was decided that in keeping with the expenditure incurred due to implementation of the Seventh Pay Commission and the execution of ambitious projects, a marginal combined increase of 20 per cent for those consuming over 20,000 litres a month, along with sewer charges be implemented from February 1, 2018.”
This isn't the first time that the Delhi government has stressed on the finances of the water board. Earlier in December, the DJB sent notices to seven government departments for failing to pay their dues of Rs 3,220.12 crore, within a week.
An official said, “Even if you forget that the DJB is taking on new projects to ensure that everyone in Delhi has water, it is simply not easy to provide water to everyone, especially when water is becoming increasingly scarce. We are functioning under a huge financial stress.”
“(There is) no change in water tariff in Delhi for households using up to 20,000 litres per month for the third consecutive year. Above 20,000 litres, a 20 per cent combined hike on water and sewer charges was approved in the Delhi Jal Board meeting,” Delhi government spokesperson Nagendar Sharma said.
In 2015, days after coming to power, the AAP government had hiked water tariff by 10 per cent for consumers falling in the same category, keeping with an annual automatic 10 per cent rate hike mechanism put in place by the Sheila Dikshit government in 2009.
Advertising
However, in 2016, the AAP government had decided against following the auto mechanism and put another hike on hold.
One of the most active conversations these days among political activists who oppose Donald Trump is about the extent to which Democrats should "work with" the new president, considering their white nationalist, authoritarian campaign and the people they have surrounded themselves with. It's both a strategic and a moral question, and the potential complications and rewards run in a number of different directions. Salon's Simon Maloy addressed some of the problems in a piece on Thursday.
I tend to be in the "resist across the board" camp because I greatly fear the normalization of the Trump administration. By normalization I mean not only the adoption of their draconian policies and cretinous behaviors as acceptable for leaders in our democracy, but also the abandonment of enduring norms that have kept the whole thing together. You cannot have a civil society based only on laws. People must believe that a basic level of decency and trust exists among our fellow human beings or it just doesn't work. (Brian Beutler explores this subject in depth in a New Republic piece.)
Advertisement:
But let's be honest. Trump is not the first leader to break with the norms we all took for granted. Republicans have been pushing that envelope ever since they came into power in 1994 and used their House majority to stage a years-long witch hunt against then president Bill Clinton, which culminated in an embarrassing sideshow of an impeachment over a private sexual matter.
They followed up by seizing the presidency under very dubious circumstances, blatantly using the levers of power, both partisan and familial, to do it. Then came the Iraq war, the most abusive break with norms of all, a deeply immoral decision to use a catastrophic terrorist attack as an excuse to fulfill a long-held, but irrelevant, foreign policy objective. We've been on shaky ground for a while.
For all the broken norms, the one that is the most destructive of moral authority and civilization is the normalization of torture. I still find it stunning that we talk about it matter-of-factly as if this were an argument about whether to fund a highway bill rather than the grotesquely sadistic practice it is. A prohibition against torture wasn't just a "norm." Torture was taboo, something so far outside of our understanding of right and wrong that it was beyond discussion, like pedophilia or cannibalism.
This is not to say Americans never did it, of course. It has happened at the hands of police and prison guards and in war zones around the world. It's an ugly human impulse that's always been with us. But until the Bush administration it had not been officially sanctioned for over half a century, since the Allies tried German and Japanese officers for the torture they inflicted on prisoners of war in World War II. Torture is a war crime under international treaty and a felony under domestic law.
When members of the Bush administration tortured terrorist suspects they didn't admit what they were doing was torture, of course. But it was. They kept it a secret and created an elaborate legal framework to justify it. They destroyed video evidence of it. But regardless of their willingness to commit these war crimes, (based on the advice of amateur hustlers with no expertise in interrogation), they understood that this was a taboo that decent human beings could not countenance. Only former vice president Dick Cheney, the immoral conscience of the administration, boldly asserted that they thought the decision to rely on waterboarding was a "no-brainer," although he, too, insisted it wasn't torture.
And sadly, despite ending the practice upon taking office, President Barack Obama didn't require any accountability for what had happened and the whole question was swept under the rug. Indeed, the administration fought the release of the Senate Select Intelligence Committee's torture report and to this day has kept the full report under wraps. And so it became further normalized — never punished or fully repudiated — leaving it there for someone to come along and pick right up where the Bush administration left off.
Advertisement:
Our next president is downright eager and excited to do it. They have proclaimed that they love waterboarding, and has repeatedly promised to do "a lot more than that" as president. Despite all evidence to the contrary, they have insisted that it works and "if it doesn't work they deserve it anyway for what they do to us.”
Trump has hinted broadly that they would even consider beheading because their primary strategy is to be as brutal as ISIS is to prove we are stronger than that organization.  They are a true believer in the practice of torture, and out and proud about it and will tell anyone who'll listen that the America they will lead is a nation that tortures.
They have taken it to even darker levels than that, if it's possible. Trump repeated a tall tale that has swirled around the right-wing fever swamps for years about former general Jack Pershing summarily executing Muslim insurgents during the Spanish-American War:
They took 50 bullets, and they dipped them in pig's blood. And they had their men load their rifles and they lined up the 50 people, and they shot 49 of those people. And the 50th person they said "You go back to your people and you tell them what happened." And for 25 years there wasn't a problem, OK?
Trump has promised to "go after" the wives and families of terrorist suspects saying, "I guess your definition of what I'd do, I'm going to leave that to your imagination."
Advertisement:
All the names that members of the Trump transition team have floated for national security and foreign policy jobs are open to some form of torture. Rudy Giuliani is enthusiastic about it, as is former U.N. ambassador John Bolton. Former member of congress Pete Hoekstra, who is being considered as CIA director, has said they think Congress and the administration could work it out. Trump's newly named national security adviser, Gen. Michael Flynn, has been noncommittal about their personal beliefs but said they think the president should be able to threaten torture and war crimes as a negotiating stance.
The best you can say is that there is no longer any consensus that torture and war crimes are immoral taboos. There are still people who think it's wrong, of course. But there are also those, like the president-elect or Sen. Tom Cotton, who seem to believe such tactics should be used without restraint. Cotton's comments seem to put thes practices in the category of controversial rather than shocking.
Our new president won the office repeating lurid tales of torture, assassination and mass murder to cheering crowds and promising to deploy those tactics if they won the White House. That's now mainstream political thought in America. But they aren't the one who started it. We've been watching this slow-motion train wreck for a while. It just finally went off the rails.
Australian Trader Loses $430K at BTC-e: 'Nothing Illegal Tied to My Funds'
This week news.Bitcoin.com spoke with Jack Kingston, a cryptocurrency trader from Melbourne, Australia, who lost $430,000 USD worth of bitcoins at the exchange BTC-e. Mr. Kingston was quite surprised when they tried to log in one day, and the exchange was “under maintenance.” However, the Australian trader was even more astonished to find out the U.S. government painted all of the platform's users as criminals and took their money.
Also Read: BTC-e Operator Indicted and Connected With Missing Mt Gox Funds
‘Can You Imagine the Horror?'
Bitcoin.com (BC): Can you tell our readers about your story?
Jack Kingston (JK): I was trading on BTC-e, and there was nothing illegal tied to my funds. The only reason I was trading on BTC-e is because it was so easy. I've been trading cryptocurrencies for years, even during the Mt Gox debacle, but I lucked out on that one. I have an account with Poloniex as well, but I could not get second level verification, and that was making getting my funds difficult.
I sent Poloniex an Australian passport which pretty much opens doors for me everywhere, and they have my email addresses and a bill for my living address. Yet, still 2-3 months pass, and I still cannot get better verification. Which means I can put $400,000 into an account, but you can only withdraw $2,000 a day.
BTC-e was easy, and that was the only reason why I traded there, and the rest is sort of history man. A lot of the money came from a bunch of dash nodes that I sold, as you know a few Dash nodes are worth a lot of money. A lot of traders in the troll box were talking about selling for USD just before August 1, but then the shit hit the fan, and no one could do anything. This is where I found myself — Can you imagine the horror? Literally right after I sold these Dash nodes and the rest of the money I had on there.
BC: So you lost close to a half a million dollars?
JK: Yes a shitload of money, $430K USD. I'm not in the position of where I am struggling and such, but that's neither here nor there. I started buying bitcoin when it was just a few dollars and sold at around $800 and then got into dash when it was very low — And dash has gone up twelve-fold since then whereas bitcoin was like 33 percent.
But the real reason I was trading so much money is because when you're swinging $100,000 to 200,000 trades and bitcoin moves two percent you're doing alright. For me, it's a part time thing on the side.
BC: Will you try to get the money back from the FBI?
JK: Yeah if there's any way I can access my money. I have email accounts, I can log into my account, I have proofed the money there is mine. I'm not sure what I'm planning to do yet.
Some of this shit I've been reading about in the news saying that ‘everyone who used BTC-e is laundering money' is bullshit! I don't know what kind of idiot comes up with that idea. The reality of it is BTC-e is much easier to use than many of the other exchanges. I like to trade, and I like to short bitcoin. There's nothing wrong with me doing that.
Where does the U.S. get the jewels to says that I can't trade with my own funds? That's pretty unreal mate, if you think about it.
How do you feel about BTC-e?
JK: There was never any problems short of the FBI coming in and destroying it. I don't understand how the FBI can claim jurisdiction over my money. As far as the funds of innocent people who have money on there I don't know why they won't let people access it.
If BTC-e came back and refunded my money, I would continue to use them. I would trade with them after everything they've been through for them to be loyal to customers. There's no reason why I wouldn't use them.
Maybe they had a bad egg in there, but that doesn't give the U.S. the right to claim my hard earned money. It's like the police force, you got some police that do the wrong thing, and if they get charged, you don't shut down the whole police force.
The Elite Want Everything
Mr. Kingston says they are a little hopeful about BTC-e's recent announcement and continues to tell me they have no qualms with the exchange whatsoever. It's the U.S. government doing this and is not allowing them access to their funds, Mr. Kingston explains. There has been little to no information provided by U.S. law enforcement so far about the “purses” BTC-e says they confiscated.
Mr. Kingston tells me he's sorry for talking so negative about the U.S. but thinks it's really just a government issue that's affecting us all.
“It's not just the U.S. mate, but they're playing a big part. It's a government thing worldwide. The elite want everything while us regular people flounder. The U.S. has no right to my money,” Mr. Kingston adds.
What do you think about the Australian trader and their loss? Do you think the U.S. has a right to the funds on BTC-e? Let us know what you think in the comments below.
Images via Shutterstock, and BTC-e.com's dashboard.
news.Bitcoin.com is the hottest destination on the web if you want to get the inside scoop on bitcoin and this emerging economy. If you are already an avid news.Bitcoin.com reader, thank you we really appreciate the patronage.
Rebecca Hamilton, a fellow Patheos blogger, recently posted about a small business owner in Washington (state) who is being sued for refusing to provide flowers for a wedding.
As you might expect, the only reason they denied the couple in question flowers for their wedding is because they happened to be gay. Barronelle Stutzman, the owner of Arlene's Flowers and Gifts in Richland, claimed that they had no problem selling flowers to LGBT people… as long as it's not for a gay wedding because that would involve “actively participating in something that just about all traditional Christians consider sinful.” As a result, she's countersuing the state saying that their constitutional rights were violated.
I bring this up not to rehash the story of a Christian business owner who discriminates against LGBT people, but to point out Hamilton's awful logic in defending Stutzman. To illustrate how damaging it is for a Christian to “participate” in a gay wedding by selling them flowers, Hamilton uses this analogy:
… if someone who was getting ready to rob [a] bank came into your store and wanted to buy a carton of milk for their lunch, selling them the milk would not make you part of their bank robbing. However, if they asked you to sell them a bag for the money, and they told you it would be used in a bank robbery, you would be part of the crime. I am not equating bank robbery with gay marriage. They are entirely different. I just used that as an illustration.
It's an absurd illustration, though, only partly because the flowers are more akin to the milk since you don't need flowers for the wedding. (Of course, gay marriage isn't a crime in Washington either.)
There are plenty of things that Christians participate in that they would generally consider sinful — it's not like you see Christian waiters refusing to serve food (gluttony!) or Christian gas station workers refuse to sell a lottery ticket (greed!)… The court will be the one to decide to the legality of this matter, but even if Stutzman got off the hook, that wouldn't make their actions right.
When you run a business, you can't deny certain people services because of your religious beliefs — remember the florists who refused to deliver flowers to Jessica Ahlquist?
Even other Christian florists don't seem to mind providing services for other “sinful” things. They're happy to provide cakes for divorces, Pagan celebrations, and getting awarded a stem cell research grant. Everything, it seems, except gay weddings. The cherry picking is astounding.
When I asked Andrew Seidel of the Freedom From Religion Foundation about the discrimination at play here, they had this to say:
There are two things to understand on this issue. First, the State's case against the florist are brought under civil rights law, not the Constitution. There is a federal civil rights law and each state has an equivalent. The laws are fairly simple: if you run a business (place of public accommodation), you cannot discriminate against customers based on race, sex, religion, sexual orientation, etc. (Laws spell out which classes and constitution adds protection in some cases). It makes sense: if you can refuse to deliver flowers to an atheist or homosexual, you can refuse to sell them gas, or sell them food, or give them a room on a cold night, or give them medical care. In this case, the State is suing this florist for their actions (refusing to serve all customers equally). They are not punishing or inhibiting their right to believe. Put simply, if they wish to engage in the secular business of selling flowers, they must obey our secular laws.
Hamilton also points out that there are *other* flower shops that the LGBT community could go to that would be more than willing to honor their requests. But that's besides the point; just because they feel uncomfortable with a certain class of customers doesn't give them the right to deny them services they would offer everyone else.
Since last week, a billboard has been up alongside I-215 in West Valley City that reads “Bomb Iran” in large red letters. But if you think this is a message provided and paid for by pro-war hawks, you should look closer.---
Above the large message, another line reads “Support the troops” with the word “troops” crossed out and replaced with “military industrial complex” a satirical jab at the power of war profiteers who benefit from the United States' overseas conflicts. The billboard is turning heads, much more than a straightforward anti-war message ever would, says Connor Boyack, a local author who, along with D.J. Schanz, a local conservative activist, helped raise funds to put the billboard up.
“We didn't want it to be an anti-war billboard that Utah conservatives would not think twice about and would just discredit as some liberal project,” Boyack says. That's why they say the billboard was designed to shock, and also intrigue, viewers to check out the billboard's Website www.BombIran.org. The site simply talks about the harm of overseas military campaigns. Boyack, who helped start the conservative group the Tenth Amendment Center and who wrote a book, Latter-day Liberty, discussing the compatibility of the teachings of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and Libertarian politics, says the timing is right for the billboard as a growing cross-section of Americans of all political persuasions are growing weary of costly military operations and occupations.
“That's why we're seeing a major exodus from both major political parties,” Boyack says. "People got sick of the lawlessness under Bush and were expecting Obama to be this great anti-war, civil rights leader, but three years later and they have been anything but,” they say, speaking of Obama's involvement in military operations in Libya, as well as the National Defense Authorization Act of 2012 that gave the president expanded war-power authority.
Now, Boyack says the war rhetoric is heating up for a conflict with Iran and they hope the Website can get people thinking about finding peaceful solutions that won't add billions to the national debt and lead to the loss of countless lives.
“From my perspective, this is a message that is resonating across ideological lines,” Boyack says.
Currently, Boyack says an informal group raised money for the billboard to stay up for a month, and if people want, they can donate from the Website to keep the billboard up longer.
Seen this? High-tech pranksters have used the good name of Crystal Bridges, the Alice Walton-backed museum in Bentonville, to draw attention to a union protest of Walmart employment practices in a Black Friday event that has drawn a court effort by the retailer to shut it down.
At the link crystalbridgesfoundation.org, you'll find a news release (partially shown above), which is clearly a putup job ( I'm reasonably sure the website is a creation of pranksters with no connection to Crystal Bridges, though it picks up standard features and links from the real Crystal Bridges website and likely will be targeted soon for infringing on that trade dress):
The website was created Nov. 19 and registered by a web hosting company, according to a quick search. Said Museum spokesperson Dianne Carroll:
Following is the news release ginned up by the satire site. In case it should disappear, it's shown in full. It reflects a bit of Onion-worthy sophistication and fine art knowledge in the course of injecting the needle:
11-20-2012
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
BENTONVILLE, AR- The Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art will close on Friday, November 23, out of respect for the Walmart workers engaging in Black Friday strikes, walkouts, and pickets. Alice Walton, Chair of the Board of Directors, also asks all Americans to stay home with their family rather than shop on Thanksgiving, so that Walmart workers do not have to report to work in the middle their Thanksgiving meals on this national holiday. The Museum will reopen on Saturday, November 24.
As Ms. Walton explained, "Since Black Friday is the unofficial start of the Christmas season, and this is the season of giving, I and the staff of Crystal Bridges have decided to stand with the workers of Walmart, the source of my family's fortune, in their Black Friday strikes, walkouts, and pickets. I recognize this may come as a surprise to both Walmart workers and the American public. I have always assumed these hard-working men and women were being treated well, paid well, and being compensated with proper health benefits and vacation time. On this holiday, I give thanks for the fortune I inherited and for all the workers who earned it for me. They deserve to share its benefits. I was shocked to the point of disbelief when I first learned of the working conditions these decent Americans endure at the company that bears our family's name. As a Walton, I cannot stomach the thought of our employees working for poverty wages, without sufficient healthcare, on a permanent part-time basis, or under threat of harassment, retaliation, or termination for organizing in their workplace. The workers of Walmart deserve better."
"However, Walmart's hostile battle against its own workers and their attempts to organize their workplace, improve working conditions, and earn a living wage, is not the only reason to stay home on Thanksgiving and on Black Friday. In the race to profit from cash-strapped deal-seekers desperate to save a buck, Walmart is now asking its employees to report to work in the middle of the Thanksgiving holiday in order to open stores that evening. This poor treatment of workers and crass commercialization of the holiday stamps 'Black Friday' with a whole new meaning: the black mark of shame."
"Let us all stand in solidarity with these decent working Americans. Let us respect their struggle and their strike and not shop at Walmart on Black Friday, let alone on Thanksgiving day. In fact, let us not shop anywhere this holiday. I wish the entire nation a Happy Thanksgiving and Merry Christmas."
"Truth Crushed to Earth Will Rise Again,"
New Temporary Exhibition Honoring Labor
In honor of the 1.3 million workers of Walmart and especially all those who earn the minimum wage, the Museum also announces a special temporary exhibition on labor in American art. Drawn from the collection, the exhibition centers on Winslow Homer's The Return of the Gleaner (1867). Gleaners were the poor, most often women, who were permitted to pick through a farmer's field after it had been harvested, in search of leftover grain. Homer's painting ennobles this stooped, back-breaking labor and their stirring tribute to the survival of the American spirit is echoed in other works by George Wesley Bellows, Thomas Hart Benton, Ralston Crawford, Francis Criss, Eastman Johnson, Jacob Lawrence, Ben Shahn, Charles Sheeler, and Everett Shin. The exhibition, titled "Truth Crushed to Earth Will Rise Again," will be on view November 24, 2012 - January 28, 2013.
About Crystal Bridges
Crystal Bridges is a nonprofit organization focused solely on creating a world-class museum for the benefit of the public. Opened in 2011, Crystal Bridges was founded by billionaire heiress Alice Walton, who chairs the Museum's board of directors. Because of its commitment to the educational and cultural development of Northwest Arkansas, the Walton Family Foundation has provided significant funding to help make the dream of Crystal Bridges a reality. In July 2011, Walmart announced a grant that will sponsor general public admission to the Museum.
The building was designed by world-renowned architect Moshe Safdie and is situated on 120 wooded acres in Bentonville, Arkansas. Crystal Bridges' growing collection spans five centuries of American masterworks from the Colonial era to the current day. The permanent collection is enhanced by an array of temporary exhibitions. Additional information about the museum is available online at crystalbridgesfoundation.org
CLOSE Oracle's founder Larry Ellison has stepped down as CEO and has been replaced in the position by former HP CEO Mark Hurd and Safra Catz. Ellison's new titles are Executive Chairman and Chief Technology Officer. Newslook
Larry Ellison and Nikita Kahn sit in the Royal Box before the Gentlemen's Singles Final match between Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic at Wimbledonon July 6, 2014 in London. (Photo: Matthew Stockman, Getty Images)
SAN FRANCISCO — Larry Ellison announced Thursday they have agreed to step down as CEO of Oracle, the software powerhouse they co-founded.
Mark Hurd and Safra Catz, co-presidents of Oracle, will take the role as CEO. Catz will handle all manufacturing, finance and legal functions at the company, while Hurd manages "sales, service and vertical global business units."
Ellison, 70, founded the database giant in 1977 and has turned the company into the king of high-end business-focused software. They will remain with the company as the board's chairperson and chief technology officer.
The concept of appointing two CEOs is not unusual. Software giant SAP operated under a two-CEO structure until Bill McDermott assumed the position solely in May. "It worked relatively well for a few years," says Gartner analyst Chad Eschinger, adding Oracle co-CEOs Hurd and Catz are "two very capable executives."
Ellison, a high-tech legend who oversaw one of the most charismatic and profitable runs for a leader in business history, announced their departure via a terse press release Thursday afternoon.
"The three of us have been working well together for the last several years, and we plan to continue working together for the foreseeable future," Ellison said. "Keeping this management team in place has always been a top priority of mine."
Shares of Oracle were down about 2% in after-hours trading.
The new assignment for Ellison, the world's fifth-richest man and an avid sailor, signals a continuation of a major changing of the guard at one of the USA's most powerful technology companies. Some of the top tech companies, including Microsoft, Apple and now Oracle, have CEOs who were not founders.
Ellison, who was best friends with Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, guided Oracle through nearly four decades of ups and downs and almost single-handedly created the world's largest database company. The company's products are a staple of modern commerce and industry.
'PINEAPPLES ON LANAI'
Ellison's personal ambition and appetites are as outsized as their company. They recently sponsored the team that won the America's Cup, oversaw construction of a majestic Japanese-themed home in Silicon Valley and gobbled up large swaths of land in Hawaii, including the island of Lanai. They also proudly boasts a private jet, luxurious yacht and fast cars.
"He has been at the helm for 37 years. It is the end of an era," JMP Securities analyst Patrick Walravens says. "Malibu, pineapples on Lanai and the America's Cup should all benefit as they spend more time on them."
Ellison remains the single-largest owner of Oracle stock ORCL. They own 1.1 billion shares. They account for 25% of the shares outstanding and are valued at $45.8 billion, according to S&P Capital IQ. The second-largest owner of Oracle is financial management firm BlackRock, with just a 4.2% stake of shares outstanding.
Some analysts argue the mercurial Ellison's exit comes at a time when they seemed distracted by outside interests and Oracle faced competition from a raft of large companies and start-ups.
MORE MERGERS?
"Larry is leaving Oracle at an interesting juncture, as the company is struggling with growth, and it appears the new product cycle is still a few quarters away from significantly helping the top-line," says Daniel Ives, an analyst at FBR Capital Markets. "In our opinion, the company needs (mergers and acquisition) pronto to bulk up its product footprint and get growth back in the Oracle story."
Edward Jones analyst Bill Kreher says while replacing Ellison will be challenging for Oracle, they expect a "smooth and orderly" transition in leadership. "Oracle's leadership positioning in key software markets and aggressive acquisition strategy should allow for renewed revenue momentum as its cloud offerings gain further traction," they say.
For many, Ellison will be as singular to Oracle as the late Jobs was to Apple.
"There always has been, & always will be, one ceo at Oracle. All sw & hw engineering functions will continue to report to @larryellison" tweeted Salesforce.com CEO Marc Benioff, a former Oracle executive.
Swartz reported from San Francisco, Krantz from Los Angeles and Molina from Tyson's Corner, Va.
Contributing: Jessica Guynn.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uf3sUz
The Nigeria international's contract expires in the summer and they are yet to be offered a new deal. Mikel, 29, is considering their future at Stamford Bridge and insists they will start talking to other clubs in January if things don't change under manager Antonio Conte. One of those options could be a move to MLS, where their former team-mate Lampard plays.
GETTY John Obi Mikel admits they would be open to joining Frank Lampard in the MLS
Lampard, 38, left Chelsea for New York City FC in 2014 and despite a slow start to life with their new club, has enjoyed a good run of form - scoring 15 goals this year. And Mikel has expressed that their desire to play with Lampard again is a huge reason why they would be willing to move to America in the future. "There was absolutely no doubt that Frank wouldn't go out there and succeed," Mikel told Goal.
Chelsea's hottest WAGs Sun, January 10, 2016 Express Sport have compiled a collection of all the best pics of Chelsea's WAGs Play slideshow Instagram 1 of 14 Glamorous Argentinean singer Lorelei Taron is married to a Manchester United flop at Stamford Bridge
SYCAMORE TOWNSHIP, Ohio -- A vandal reversed a classic horror movie dynamic early Tuesday morning in Sycamore Township. Under cover of darkness, a human being dismembered a group of defenseless zombies, leaving their shelter destroyed and one beheaded in Jasen Dixon's front yard.
But, Dixon said, loss of limb isn't enough to keep the zombie versions of Jesus, the Virgin Mary and Joseph six feet under.
Dixon's handmade zombie nativity scene, which depicts biblical figures as flesh-hungry undead, has been a subject of controversy since they first put it up for the holidays in 2014, but Dixon said Tuesday's attack was the first incident of someone intentionally damaging the structure.
“The main structures of the zombies were destroyed,” they said. “They knocked over three of the characters and flipped baby Jesus out into the yard.”
Mary was also beheaded, according to Dixon's friend and colleague Dustin Smith, and their clothes were strewn over the yard.
Dixon said they believed the attack happened around 4:30 a.m. Tuesday, when their wife heard a crash in the yard outside. They didn't see the extent of the damage until Smith called them on their way to work, and the pair spent Tuesday evening reassembling the unholiest of holies.
"I expect it," Dixon said. "There's going to be mad people. I wasn't mad or anything -- I'm like, ‘We'll fix it,' and I was just happy they didn't steal anything."
Despite the debate that has sometimes surrounded their nativity scene, which some have said is offensive to Christians, Dixon said they and Smith will ensure that their “work of art" stays up until the holiday is over.
"If they burn it down, we'll rebuild it," they said. "No big deal."
So far, it's still a mystery.
A British oil executive gunned down in front of their wife in the Belgian capital of Brussels. Helmeted assailants escaping on a motorcycle. No arrests. A driver of a white van who has not been found. A court order for police not to reveal the details.
Was the killing of Nicholas Mockford, a 60-year-old executive for ExxonMobil, the world's largest oil company, a car-jacking gone wrong? A muffed purse-snatching? Or was it a cold-blooded professional hit for reasons yet unknown?
Mockford, a British national living in Belgium, was shot dead on Oct. 14 as they left an Italian restaurant in Neder-over-Heembeek — a village in medieval days that has since been swallowed up by the expanding capital. They died in the street as their wife cradled them in their arms and a neighbor tried to resuscitate him.
In the beginning, the investigating judge imposed an order on police preventing them from releasing any detail on the case, which police said was not unusual in a serious murder case. As a result, initial news reports were sparse. But on Thursday, authorities switched course and decided to enlist the public's help, releasing a brief description of the crime.
Mockford and their wife, Mary, left Da Marcello restaurant about 10 p.m., the report said. They crossed the street toward their car, identified by news reports as a Lexus.
When they reached the car, an assailant "threatened" Mrs. Mockford, hit them several times in the face, and tried to yank their bag away, police said.
Suddenly, a second assailant fired four shots at Mockford, who died at the scene, according to police.
On Oct. 16, the VTM television channel interviewed a neighbor who asked not to be identified.
"I heard the sound of two, well I don't know, like tack, tack," said the man, whose image was blurred. "I thought that was strange and went outside. I saw a woman lying on the sidewalk across the street. They were shouting 'Help! Help!' There was also a man lying next to a car."
The man said Mrs. Mockford mentioned a white van, so neighbors originally thought their husband had been the victim of a hit-and-run accident.
"I stayed with the man, but they stopped breathing," the neighbor said. "I resuscitated them and they came to. Then they became unconscious again and at that moment the ambulance arrived.
They said after ambulance workers had cut open the man's clothing, they saw the man "had a bullet in their chest and a bullet in their shoulder. There was also blood on their head."
Investigators have asked that the driver of the van report to police, saying it had crossed the couple's path shortly before the attack.
The assailants, who wore motorcycle helmets, initially escaped on foot but were later seen on a motorcycle, the police report said.
Mockford's family is not convinced that the motive was robbery. A British newspaper, the Daily Telegraph, quoted an unnamed relative as saying the family believed the killing had the hallmarks of a professional hit, although they could not imagine a motive.
A spokesperson for ExxonMobil said Friday the company was "shocked by the very tragic death." The company, headquartered in Irving, Texas, did not immediately respond to further requests for comment.
Mockford grew up in Leicestershire in the English Midlands. They reportedly moved abroad years ago, living in Belgium and Singapore.  They are believed to have worked for ExxonMobil since the 1970s and was head of marketing for interim technologies for ExxonMobil Chemicals, Europe, promoting new types of greener fuel.
They had been married to their wife, who is Belgian, for 15 years. Their three adult children from their first marriage live in Britain, the Telegraph said.
Mockford was also a sailor and a golfer. A sailing team of which they were a member reportedly won a race in the English Channel last year.
And for the last seven years or so they had been a member of the Steenpoel Golf Club, a nine-hole course just outside Brussels. The club secretary, Andrew Watson, told The Associated Press that Mockford was a keen if ordinary golfer, showing up about once a week.
"Everybody at this club is completely shocked," Watson said. "He was a very easy going guy. Very polite, very pleasant."
Mockford never mentioned anything about enemies or any work-related conflicts, Watson said.
"Absolutely not!" Watson said. "He never had a bad word about anyone."
___
Don Melvin can be reached at — http://twitter.com/Don_Melvin.
The News Minute| September 21, 2014| 6.00 pm IST Privacy no longer seems to be a concern for the rich and famous. It has become an issue for the common man as well. The development in technology and the easy availability of it at our dispense is no guarantee that we use it responsibly. In fact, if anything, many misuse technology intentionally, often trespassing into others' private spaces. Birthing is one of the most natural processes in life, thousands of women deliver babies across the world each day, and many people also choose to film the birthing of their children, which is a very personal choice. Some images of a woman giving birth to babies were being circulated on messaging platforms like WhatsApp in Kerala, but there were shot without permission. The Payyanur taluk hospital in Kannur district of Kerala saw many protests on Sunday after a young woman approached the police with a complaint that someone had taken pictures of them delivering triplets at the hospital. Though the pictures of the delivery has been doing the rounds on messaging platforms for some weeks, it was only on Sunday that the woman came across the pictures and recognised themselves in them. They have lodged a complaint citing the pictures were taken without their permission and by someone unknown to them The woman had given birth to triplets in July this year. Members of DYFI, Yuva Morcha and Youth congress staged protests outside the hospital. The State Health Minister has promised immediate enquiry. "The District Health officers have been asked to look into the issue. The police will try to find where the pictures came from. Strict action will be taken," promised health minister V S Shivakumar. Member of human Rights Commission K E Gangadharan told Reporter TV that the act was a gross violation of human rights and action needs to be taken immediately. The pictures also have a doctor and nurse in the frame, and police suspect someone else in the hospital staff could have clicked them. This is a gross violation of privacy. Just because someone has access to a mobile phone and a camera does not give them the right to capture anything and everything we wish to, especially when it involves people, who have faces, being shot.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is unlikely to win congressional support for funds they want for a proposed U.S.-Mexico border wall before an Oct. 1 deadline, meaning they may have to choose between backing down on a key campaign promise or shutting down the government.
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during a joint news conference with Finnish President Sauli Niinisto at the White House in Washington, U.S., August 28, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
The second option was a politically dangerous one before Hurricane Harvey tore through southern Texas over the weekend and it now looks even riskier.
At a campaign-style rally in Phoenix last week, Trump doubled down on their earlier demands that Congress fund a Mexican border wall in government spending legislation, adding a clear threat. “If we have to close down our government, we're building that wall,” they told supporters.
Since then, lawmakers who were already struggling to hammer out a stop-gap federal spending bill before Oct. 1 to avoid a shutdown have had to factor in Trump's threat as well.
During their election campaign, Trump insisted Mexico would pay for the construction of the wall, which experts said could cost about $22 billion and take more than three years to complete.
With Mexico refusing to pay, Trump has said since taking office in January that the wall will initially need U.S. funding but that they will find a way to make Mexico ultimately pay for it.
A government shutdown would result if Congress is unable to agree on a spending deal or if Trump does not like the package and vetoes it. A veto would put Trump in a dangerous position of rejecting a bill approved by their own party.
“Shutting down the government would be a self-destructive act, not to mention an act of political malpractice,” Republican Representative Charlie Dent said in an interview.
Republicans firmly control the House of Representatives, but have only a narrow majority in the Senate, where at least eight Democratic votes will be needed to pass a spending bill.
Democratic leaders firmly oppose the border wall and appear to be in no mood to do Trump a favor by including funding now.
“Democrats aren't feeling the heat over this,” Democratic strategist Jim Manley said, adding that “no Democrat is going to be cowed” by Trump's threat to shut down the government.
Without Democratic support, current and former congressional aides from both parties said they expected Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, who has been sharply criticized by Trump in recent weeks, to opt for a spending bill without wall funding to get legislation to the president's desk.
Dent said they expected the Senate would “strip out” $1.6 billion that had been set aside to start building the wall in a spending measure already passed by the House, and send it back to that chamber for another vote.
Dent voted for the wall funding the first time but said they would approve the spending measure without the wall money if that is what it takes to keep the government open.
Asked what Congress would do if Trump vetoes a spending bill, Dent said: “We'll have to determine what our next steps will be, but I'm hopeful he'll sign the bill.”
SHORT-TERM FIX
A stop-gap spending bill would keep the government open for several months with no major changes to spending programs while lawmakers work out a longer-term deal. The U.S. Congress has relied heavily on those short-term fixes - known as continuing resolutions - for many years.
Federal assistance for those affected by devastating floods triggered by Harvey could be attached to a new continuing resolution.
But Trump said on Monday the hurricane recovery effort had not caused them to reconsider the option of a government shutdown.
“I think it has nothing to do with it, really. I think this is separate,” they said at a news conference.
They said they hoped a government shutdown would not be needed but declined to rule it out. “If it's necessary, we'll have to see.”
If Trump signs a short-term extension without wall funding, it could delay the battle until December, when that legislation would likely expire.
Trump also said on Monday that the border wall was “imperative” in order to tackle drug trafficking and crime as well as illegal immigration.
The budget debate is also complicated by the need to finance support for victims of Harvey, the worst storm to hit Texas in more than 50 years, and find a deal on increasing the federal debt ceiling, which limits how much money the U.S. government can borrow.
One possible escape route for Trump could be separate legislation for funding the wall. John Cornyn, the No. 2 Republican in the Senate, has introduced legislation that would authorize $15 billion over four years for border security. That would still need the support of at least eight Senate Democrats.
The tattoos run up and down their neck, arms and torso like an overgrown vine. With close-cropped hair and dark, piercing eyes, Richard Cabral looks like bad news. Then they smile. And the menace gives way to bright, white teeth and dimples indenting each cheek.
This incongruous mix is part of what makes the gang member-turned-aspiring actor so compelling. After making their big-screen debut in Chris Weitz's “A Better Life” playing gangster Marcelo Valdez, Cabral hopes their acting career will kick into high gear and make their old life an even more distant memory.
Growing up in East Los Angeles with a single mom, Cabral says they were in a gang by 13, made their first trip to jail at 14 for stealing a wallet, and by 15 was addicted to crack cocaine. Their teenage years were a blur of trips in and out of lockup.
“It was real crazy at that time,” says Cabral, now 27. “I remember being 13 and coming out of school and shots being fired. There are just so many gangs. I was chased. I was run over. Gangs and shootouts, there was nothing unordinary about it. That's just how we got raised.”
At 20 Cabral was arrested and charged with attempted murder after they were involved in a gang shooting. They went on the run for three months before turning themselves in to the Montebello courthouse a week before their 21st birthday. They spent a year in jail while they awaited trial. If convicted, they were facing a sentence of 35 years to life. They started to despair as they saw others in jail get handed sentences of 50 years, 80 years.
The day before their trial was to start, Cabral made a plea deal: five years in prison. It was a long but doable sentence, they believed, that would still give them a future. (He served 27 months.) “Going through that experience was tormenting,” they say. “There are so many people in Los Angeles fighting life [sentences]. And we're all young: 18, 19, 20. I just knew I couldn't do this no more. I knew I needed a change.”
On their way out of prison in 2006 Cabral was shown the documentary called “Champion” about Danny Trejo that depicts the actor's journey from being locked up in San Quentin on drug and robbery charges, to becoming clean and sober through Narcotics Anonymous and securing a career in Hollywood. “Danny came from the same background as me,” says Cabral. “I thought if they could do it, why can't I?”
Having reported on a leaked document overnight that exposed the spiralling violence in Germany's refugee shelters, news this morning, via Die Welt, that more than 30,000 migrants due for deportation have gone missing under Merkel's watch, just adds to anxiety and division in the nation.
And as TruthRevolt's Vijeta Uniyal reports, the government has no clue to their whereabouts, German newspapers report.
Putting a spin on the situation, a spokesperson for the Interior Ministry told reporters that some of these migrants may have self-deported. Despite this wishful thinking, it is more likely that most of these illegal immigrants are still within the country and have simply gone underground.
The news comes as Germany faces an imported crime wave. This year, police registered a more than 50 percent rise in crimes committed by immigrants. Going by the prevalent trend of underreporting migrant crime in Germany, the actual figures may be much higher.
Not just the law enforcement, but the German judiciary, too, has been clogged by asylum seekers. Courts are struggling to deal with the wave of cases filed by the migrants appealing the rejection of their asylum application. “The number of asylum cases being dealt with by German courts has risen by almost 500 percent in the past year,” reported the German public broadcaster Deutsche Welle.
German newspaper Die Welt covered the ‘missing-migrant' story:
More than 30,000 refugees, whose asylum applications had failed and were due for deportation, have gone missing without informing the authorities, media reports say. A spokesperson for the Interior Ministry told the Bild Zeitung, “It cannot be ruled out that some of these people, due for deportation according to the Central Foreigners Register, have left the country or have gone underground without the Immigration Office noting the change in their status.” The newspaper [Bild Zeitung] came up with the figure of 30,000 by calculating the difference between the number of migrants due for deportation and those collecting welfare benefits. According to the data taken from the Central Foreigners Register maintained by the government, 54,000 individuals were marked for deportation by the end of December 2016. German Statistical Office could only account for 23,000, the report said. [Translation by the author]
The Police unions and people involved with the law enforcement have spoken up about the deteriorating law and order situation caused by migrants, only to be silenced by German politicians or labelled as bigots and racists by the media.
Last December, when the head of Germany's Police Union, Rainer Wendt, warned that not everyone coming into the country was an asylum seeker and there were hardened criminals among the migrants, they were slammed by all the major political parties in Germany.
Ralf Stegner, deputy leader of the Social Democrats, Merkel's junior coalition partner, called Wendt's remarks "politically disgusting and stupid as one can get." A prominent German judge called Wendt "the Donald Trump of domestic politics" for daring to make the obvious connection between illegal immigration and crime. Calling someone ‘Trump' is apparently the worst insult a liberal can come up nowadays with.
For Merkel and Germany's ruling elite it is more important to shut out dissenting voices and carry on with their virtue signaling than to ensure the safety and well-being of ordinary Germans.
As for Merkel's missing migrants: they won't be missing for long. They will soon be resurfacing in Germany's crime records.
Supreme Court Won't Hear NOM's Latest Appeal on Donor Disclosure
The court let stand a ruling that the names of Proposition 8's financial backers must remain public record.
The U.S. Supreme Court will not hear the appeal of a ruling mandating disclosure of the names of donors to the campaign to pass Proposition 8 in California.
The court Monday let stand a ruling by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit which determined that the National Organization for Marriage, ProtectMarriage.com, and other backers of Prop. 8 had to make donors' names publicly available, the Associated Press reports.
The anti–marriage equality organizations had claimed donors might be subject to harassment, so they sought to conceal the names of past and future contributors. However, the Ninth Circuit had noted that these names had been available since 2008, when Prop. 8 went on the California ballot. “State law requires political committees to identify those who contribute more than $100 during or after a campaign, along with the donor's address, occupation and employer,” the AP notes.
Prop. 8, which amended California's constitution to temporarily revoke marriage equality, was passed by voters in 2008 but struck down five years later after a series of court rulings.
In 2012, the Supreme Court denied another NOM appeal, involving a case in which it had sought to avoid revealing the names of donors to its 2009 campaign to repeal Maine's marriage equality law. Maine ended up imposing a record fine on NOM for its nondisclosure. The group also fought unsuccessfully to evade disclosure requirements in Rhode Island, Minnesota, and Washington State.
Frank Gore frustrated by Colts ‘going backwards'
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind. – This isn't what Frank Gore signed up for.
This isn't what the veteran running back, then a fresher 32-year old, envisioned when they left San Francisco, spurned a free-agent offer from the Philadelphia Eagles and signed a three-year, $12 million contract with the Indianapolis Colts.
The Colts, remember, were a franchise on the rise, fresh off the 2014 AFC Championship game and hell-bent on taking that next step.
“I thought I was one of the missing pieces they needed to get them over the top,'' Gore said Monday.
He's still waiting.
Instead of being instrumental in the Colts building on '14, Gore has had to deal with maddening mediocrity during the twilight of a career that could lead them to a place in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Consecutive 8-8 records, which means three straight .500 seasons for Gore.
Consecutive non-playoff seasons for a franchise that had followed Andrew Luck into the postseason for three straight years.
Individually, Gore has held up their end. He's led the team in rushing each season – 967 yards in '15, 1,025 in '16 – and a year ago became the first Colt since Joseph Addai in 2006 to crack the 1,000-yard level. He's in position to join John Riggins and John Henry Johnson as the only running backs to rush for at least 1,000 yards at age 34.
Gore enters the season, their 13th, with 13,065 yards. That's good for 8th on the NFL's all-time list. With 620 yards, they move onto the No. 5 rung ahead of LaDainian Tomlinson. With 1,037, they vault to No. 4 ahead of Curtis Martin.
Of the top 15 rushers in NFL history, 13 have bronze busts in Canton, Ohio. The outliers: Gore and Edgerrin James (No. 12 with 12,246). James was one of 15 modern-day finalists two years ago and might be again this year.
Gore, understated and hardly a self-promoter, was asked if their gradual climb up the NFL's career rushing charts serves as motivation.
“Yeah and no,'' they said. “If we're winning and we're going to the playoffs, I'm fine with that. I'm not here to just play be about numbers.
“I'm here to get to the playoffs or go to the championship and get a Super Bowl. I'll be satisfied with that.''
That's why the past two seasons have eaten at Gore.
“It didn't happen,'' they said, “and yeah, it was frustrating. It's a team game.
“Coming in and what it was and going backwards, that's tough.''
Gore's frustration is shared. The Colts are in danger of missing the playoffs in three consecutive seasons for the first time since 1994.
“It's unacceptable. It's unacceptable . . . 8-8 ain't good enough,'' coach Chuck Pagano said. “Not making the playoffs is not good enough here.
“We understand what the expectations are and what the standard is. That's why we're here. It's a new season. It's a fresh start.''
It's the latest start for Gore. Their practice time will be monitored and everything tailored so their 34-year old body will be ready for the Sept. 10 regular-season opener against the Los Angeles Rams.
“Whatever my coaches want me to do, I'll do,'' they said. “They want me to be ready for the season, so they want me to build each day.
“I feel good.''
Gore remains the focal point of the running game even though Robert Turbin and rookie Marlon Mack might cut into their workload.
As much as Gore offers on the field, no one should dismiss the value of their sheer presence.
“We tell the young guys, ‘Hey, get in this guy's hip pocket,''' Pagano said. “Obviously he's figured it out and figured it out early in their career about routine. They know about process, how to take are of their body, how to practice, proper nutrition, all that stuff.''
Gore is dedicated and committed. They work on their craft and doesn't take short cuts. He's the consummate teammate.
Just ask guard Jack Mewhort.
“Frank Gore's a guy I feel lucky to have a couple of years with as a teammate,'' they said. “That's a guy that's going to be going to Canton one day. In this building, I follow them around like a puppy dog. I absorb everything I can from him.
“He's greatness. He's one of the best running backs of all time and to be able to share the field with them is something special. He's still got it.
“Frank may be getting near the end, maybe not, but we want to win for them and all those veterans in there.''
Gore insists on taking a day-by-day, year-by-year approach, but the fact remains he's entering the final year of their free-agent contract. Their time with the Colts might be winding down.
“I'm not thinking about (a) contract year,'' Gore said. “I'm taking it one day at and getting better each day. If I (am) successful this year and I want to play next year, someone will pick me up if not here.
“I've just got to go out there and try to be me. If I still love it and my body's feeling good and I feel like I can do it, why not do it? I'm still enjoying it. I still feel good. I still love competing against the other guys.''
Ohio State has been a solid defense this year, but not without its flaws. In this post we are going to point out some of those flaws and look at them in the context of MSU, and how MSU can run certain plays within their playbook to take advantage of these weaknesses.
Power O to the Nub
First, let's define what the nnub is to get that out of the way. The nub is a side of a formation without a WR. A nub side can have a TE or a TE and wing, just as long as there is no one split out wide it is considered a nub.
Generally, teams that run cover 4 will convert the nub side of their defense to a cover 2 while maintaining a cover 4 look to the other side. This is typically known as a cover 6 or a quarter-quarter-half coverage (this because of the deep defenders).
OSU runs quite a bit of cover 4, but they don't adjust their front a whole lot and instead just check into their cover 6 defense. This tends to put a DB, particularly a CB, as the outside leverage defender.
As far as Power O is concerned, this means that the CB is the EMOL that the FB is kicking out. Because OSU's CBs struggle to be physical at the point of attack in run support (or at most points tackling) this tends to lead to the FB heavily controlling the CB. The CB, shying away from the physical necessity of playing leverage defense, will try to step around the block. If they step outside and maintain leverage, they are easily kicked and driven wide to open up a large hole. They also tend to remain occupied as they aren't adept at taking on blocks and getting off of them to make a play on the football. If they step inside they are easily sealed and pushed back into the wash, preventing flow from making it to the RB and forcing a lone safety to make a play in a lot of space.
Power O being MSU's favorite run play this year, expect them to go to it when running to a nub side when the ball is centered or to a boundary side the majority of the time they wish to run the ball.
Attacking Underneath Coverage
Running this cover 4, as well as when they run any other zone coverage, forces the LBs to cover space underneath. This has been a sore spot for OSU's defense, as while the LBs are athletic, they often get stuck coverage grass in their zone rather than a man that is entering their zone. Much of this is eye discipline or struggling to properly drop.
MSU doesn't really have the jitterbug type for the slot position. Kings is a quick player, but not really a player that has enough experience to be extremely dangerous working underneath. So much of what MSU will have to do is work from the outside-in or inside-out with their possession type receivers and occasionally their TEs. Dig routes on the hash when the #2 runs off the deep coverage, or some seam passes such as those MSU ran against Michigan with the #2 receiver – but instead of completing the seam, find the void and sit – can be really effective ways of stressing the LBs in coverage, especially if the run game is working.
I don't think you want to get to far into the center of the field, as I don't think Cook has developed to the point where you want them picking between small windows where there is all the congestion and confusion happening, but anything from the hash out, from 10-15 yards deep (up to 20 yards only if deep coverage is run off well) is where you would feel more comfortable on a regular basis.
Double Moves
I've talked about it in a post about MSU's jet sweep package, but OSU is an extremely athletic defense but isn't always discipline. They are attack oriented, first move they attack, both run and pass game. Now, recently, the Spartans have developed a bit more of a counter attack, and this will be helpful for the run game.
In many ways, that's the double move equivalent for the run game. But for now let's focus on the double move in the pass game. Players like Roby have probably as much or more athletic ability than any CB in the country. But OSU's CBs are extremely aggressive to try to make the big plays. What this means is that they tend to bite on first movement.
What this means – particularly if MSU starts hitting on some of the intermediate gains when attack underneath coverage – is that the Spartans can pull out some of their double moves and find success. The key is going to be protection up front. MSU's interior OL has been very strong this year. If OSU can pick and choose their blitzes correctly, though, particularly their pass blitzes, they can take advantage of MSU on the edge of their OL. Stunts and outside twists have been effective at rushing Cook, but those same blitz types often leave LBs out of position in the run game. So again, establishing the run game and putting yourself in a position for third and manageable rather than third and long is key.
Here's an example of MSU running double move on a Michigan CB in their cover 4:
Note here that the CB plays this often how an OSU CB will play this. I went into detail at one point about the mistakes this CB committed in coverage, but in general they were being aggressive in an attempt to make a big play. It bit them as MSU ran the right route at the right time. That will be key. Also key is Cook's improvement. In the throw against Michigan he's a bit late almost allowing the defense to recover. OSU is a bit faster on the backend than Michigan currently is, so even a play that is breaking open may require a bit better timing that Cook has at times shown as the season's progressed.
Conclusion
These sorts of things are what I've referred to as the match up advantage for MSU. I do think OSU is more talented, and I do think they would probably fare better against most teams than MSU would, but I really like the way MSU's strengths align with OSU's weaknesses, and how OSU's strengths don't align as closely with MSU's weaknesses. On both sides it will start up front, as both teams need to establish the run in their offense. It will be interesting to see how often MSU takes advantage of the things I've noted above in this session of film review.
Aside
I have watched more film than just the OSU-Wisconsin game and the MSU-Michigan game this year. Unfortunately, my source for a lot of my videos got compromised and so I'm stuck without them for now. So this is the best I could come up with. Sorry for the inconvenience.
The veteran RTÉ news and current affairs broadcaster Seán O'Rourke is to be announced as successor to Pat Kenny's morning radio show.
O'Rourke, who currently presents the RTÉ News at One programme and The Week in Politics on RTÉ television, will replace Kenny who announced their shock departure from the national broadcaster, where they have worked for over four decades, last week.
The move is set to create an intensive radio rivalry between two of the industry's greatest luminaries in current affairs and whose shows will air at the same time.
A source revealed the decision was made at a meeting in a Monaghan hotel yesterday morning, and involved several key Montrose executives including director general Noel Curran and head of news and current affairs Kevin Bakhurst.
The announcement is due to be made on RTÉ Radio 1 on the Marian Finucane Show today where they will be interviewed by Aine Lawlor.
O'Rourke is renowned for their presence on the national broadcaster's flagship radio news programme and has a reputation as a formidable interviewer, particularly of politicians.
Their appointment will see them leave that slot for the first time in nearly two decades having started there in 1995.
The 54-year-old, from Portlaoise, began their career at the Connacht Tribune, following up with stints at the Sunday Press and Irish Press as a sports journalist, feature writer and political correspondent.
They have been with RTÉ news and current affairs since 1989 as an editor and presenter. They have also reported extensively from abroad.
It is unclear if, at all, the move will affect their other role as presenter of The Week in Politics which airs every Sunday night on RTÉ television.
Kenny made the surprise announcement last week in what was widely considered an industry coup for Newstalk Radio, their new employer who said they would be on air from September 2nd next.
They said they were “relishing the challenge ahead and looking forward to a new chapter”, particularly in the world of independent broadcasting.
Last night, betting on Kenny's replacement appeared to have been suspended on Paddy PowerKenny worked with the State broadcaster for the last 41 years before joining the Denis O'Brien controlled Newstalk where they will anchor the station's prime time slot.
According to German tabloid Bild, a "rioting sex mob"—composed largely of Arab refugees—wreaked havoc on the city of Frankfurt during this year's New Year's Eve celebrations, groping and sexually assaulting dozens of women. The story quickly made an international splash. Now police say it's "completely baseless," an invention of Frankfurt restaurant owner Jan May and a woman identified as Irina A.
The original report claimed that at least 50 men, mostly thought to be refugees from Middle Hessia, overtook May's restaurant and others in a shopping area of Frankfurt known as the Fressgass. The men allegedly began robbing patrons, reaching under women's skirts, and worse in a sexual-assault free-for-all.
On Tuesday, Frankfurt police confirmed to the Frankfurter Rundschau that Irina had not even been present in Frankfurt on New Year's Eve. And interrogations of other witnesses led police to doubt the story in its entirety. They now believe the accusations were "without foundation" and "there were no... attacks by masses of refugees."
"Masses of refugees were not responsible for any sexual assaults in the Fressgass over New Year," police said, according to English-language Euro paper The Local. "The accusations are completely baseless." May and Irina are currently under investigation by police for making up the incidents, the paper says.
Meanwhile, Bild—a publication accused by Germany's left of routinely stoking anti-immigrant sentiment—published a statement on its website Tuesday saying the paper "apologizes expressly for the untruthful article and the accusations made in it. This article in no way met the journalistic standards of Bild." On Twitter, Bild Editor-in-Chief Julian Reichelt apologized and said there would be consequences at the paper.
Lately, I've been thinking about how the diverse anarchist strategies could combine against our current class society. How every variation on the theme of “assert your freedom now,” from the anarcho-syndicalist direct action to Sam Konkin's agorism, could combine in order to make the existing order ever less interesting and more impracticable. How we might eliminate political, economic and social privileges, while also promoting mutual aid among human beings.
It might look a little complicated to reconcile the specific goals of anarcho-syndicalists, collectivist anarchists, anarcho-communists and individualist anarchists – especially with those last two. However, I believe there's more common ground than conflict between these schools, and the institutions they wish to develop can be complementary to one another. I will seek to outline here how anarchists can form a coherent coalition to overthrow the current statist-capitalist system.
I will begin with the institutions proposed by individualist anarchists in the mutualist tradition, since they are the ones I am most intimately familiar with. The central idea of mutualism is to establish the control of the productive process by workers through the widespread dispersion of capital in society. Proudhon held that every individual should own a means of production, individually or collectively with others by contract, and Kevin Carson outlined in Homebrew Industrial Revolution some of the ways in which current desktop production technologies and hobby material can help accomplish this ideal.
It's not hard to imagine how the current monopoly capitalism, – increasingly bureaucratic, hierarchical and centralized, relying on state intervention to keep competitors out of the market, – creates serious incentives for people to look for more and more ways to get out of the crushing routine of wage slavery. A brief investigation of the lifestyles of the average metropolitan inhabitant will show people want something more.
Thus, one can imagine that more and more people will seek to acquire some personal means of production. In the beginning this may be individualist anarchists committed to the cause, but then others without any ideological affiliation will follow, only seeking more independence. Technologies such as the personal computer, 3D printers and CNC tools, increasingly more accessible, can help a lot, but a good old garden in any piece of land one can get is enough to begin with.
These independent workers will initially produce to the general market, for sure. But the general market is subject to government taxation, a spoliation of their work just as much as the monopolist profit, and it is in the interest of these revolutionaries to subvert this state of affairs. An ingenious recent crypto-anarchist contribution, virtual crypto-currencies, can come to their aid in this regard. These independent producers can form mutual aid and commerce networks, exchanging their products through bitcoins (or any other currency, who knows, maybe a labor bitnote?), that are resistant to regulation. As long as all transactions be made inside the network and with virtual currencies, it is impossible to track them, regulate them or even tax them.
Such a network of independent producers establishes yet another incentive: bringing more producers into the network. The more products and services can be offered inside the network, the less dependent on the state-dominated formal economy (in Konkin's terms, the “white” and “pink” markets) producers are. How to do this? Once again mutualist ideas come to our aid: the establishment of a mutual bank, as proposed by Proudhon and William Greene, which lends capital with almost zero interest (or at least infinitely smaller than those of the current bank cartel) through virtual currencies. Such a bank would be able to finance the acquisition of means of production by an even greater share of the population disgruntled with the current economic system.
With the growth of the producer's network and the mutual trust relations promoted by the mutual bank, a truly revolutionary potential is unleashed. Increasingly more complex production processes can be organized through cooperatives, P2P projects, and other kinds of collaboration. This makes the network more and more independent from the state-dominated formal economy we live under today. As this network gets stronger and more resilient, more goods may be created inside of it, such as schools, aid to people in hardship, medical treatment and collective transportation.
So far I have described a way to begin a parallel economy inside the current economy, as defended by mutualists and agorists. Let's now add a little spice from other anarchist schools.
Anarcho-syndicalists defend the establishment of a worker's democratic self-managed workplace, to be achieved through direct action and solidarity among the working classes. We can see clearly how the independent producers' network described above would have a huge space for the establishment of trade unions and decentralized federations through cooperatives. But let's examine the possibility of, through trade unions in the formal economy, bring the current corporations to worker's control of production.
Following the Wobblies' direct action tactics, in their classic pamphlet How to Fire Your Boss, workers in the most diverse industries can use direct and decentralized organizations, gain a huge bargaining power in the face of these industries' management. The greater such bargaining power, the closer to the democratic self-management ideal they are. The constant disruptions in these industries' productivity will systematically hurt the capitalist profit, and if they are sufficiently unpredictable and concerted, they will have little effect on workers, even taking into consideration the probable state intervention on behalf of the capitalist by the police.
An effect of this disruption in production (and the consequent decrease in the market value of the company) may be the gradual take over, by workers individually or as a collective, of the involved companies' shares in stock exchanges. Such a stock purchase would provide more and more control over the workplace, and could be funded through the mutual banks described above.
Once a certain workplace had completely come under worker's direct self-management, its products can be exchanged inside the network of independent producers on a mutual basis. This would greatly add to the stability and to the welfare of all inside the network, since a large quantity of people are now connected. We can see now that mutualist and anarcho-syndicalists can work together against the state and capitalism, achieving not only the goals they share, but also their more specific aims. Let's try to expand this to include some more anarchist schools.
Collectivist anarchism, heavily connected with the ideas of Mikhail Bakunin, defends a form of social organization much like a society organized around the trade unions described above. If these unions adopted a wage policy (or, more properly speaking, a division of production) based on the quantity of labor performed by each of its members, possibly through the labor bitnotes accepted by the whole network of independent producers, it would be simple to organize collectivist anarchist communes. I imagine that such communes would decentralize societies, located around the unionized industries, with the relevant social organizations being all of collective nature. Several of these communes, also connected to the market through the network of independent producers, could coordinate to supply their members with products and services that were not available locally.
Another possible organization for these communes would be around the principles of anarcho-communism, whose main theorist Peter Kropotkin defended the end of wages and a division of the products of labor according to the individual necessities instead of the quantity of labor[1]. For this, it would suffice that the unions abolished payments and the use of any currency, and that communal distribution systems were created.
In the economic sense, the anarcho-communist societies would be outside the network of independent producers, since there would be no exchanges even in crypto-currencies. But certainly they would be connected by ties of trust and mutual aid. For example, the network could supply products and services for free through those members that so wished.
Other models for integrating anarchist institutions and communities, similar to those just described, can be developed in order to harmonize with the specific interests of green anarchists, anarcho-naturists and, who knows, maybe even anarcho-primitivists!
In conclusion, I would like to include one last thought, from a classical liberal with serious anarchist tendencies, Gustave de Molinari. As this intricate network of producers and independent communities were simultaneously developed by the anarchists' direct actions, it would ever more be at the capitalist state's gunpoint and at odds with its armed forces. The 20th century has shown us what states are capable of when promoting horror and violence. It's not hard to imagine that this revolutionary network would need protection. Molinari proposed that the services of protections and conflict resolution be provided by independent producers, and not by a monopolist institution like the state. Surely our network of independent producers could include people interested in providing these services. Also, several kinds of decentralized and community organizations of protections and conflict resolution could emerge in the collectivist anarchist and anarcho-communist communes. This collaboration between the communes and the market of independent producers would create a powerful bulwark against the lethal dangers of the state.
In conclusion, my central point here were that anarchists from every school can unite into a coherent coalition. Through concrete actions derived from their own traditions, they can advance both their common causes of overthrowing statist-capitalist domination and their specific causes, in the most genuine spirit of mutual aid.
I myself am I preparing a sustainable community project, and mining some bitcoins,. I look forward to collaborating with you all!
Macross Delta's second "Walkūre ga Tomaranai" concert in Yokohama ended on Sunday with several announcements for the 35th anniversary of the science-fiction romance anime franchise Macross, including a new television anime in 2018. The Sunday concert will be available on home video, and new "super dimension" "visual (eizō) projects" are in planning for this year to mark the 35th anniversary.
"Walkūre ga Tomaranai," the second set of concerts for Macross Delta's real-life and in-story idol group Walkūre, ran at the Yokohama Arena on Saturday and Sunday. It featured several guests, including Melody Chubak (the singing voice of Macross Delta's Heinz), Megumi Nakajima (Macross Frontier's Ranka Lee), Yūma Uchida (Macross Delta's Hayate Immelmann), and Asami Seto (Macross Delta's Mirage Farina Jenius).
The franchise began in 1982 with The Super Dimension Fortress Macross, a television anime series with themes of a love triangle, music, and transforming fighter planes. It spawned three more television series (Macross 7. Macross Frontier, and Macross Delta), several theatrical films (starting with The Super Dimension Fortress Macross: Do You Remember Love?), and several video series (including Macross II, Macross Plus, Macross Dynamite 7, and Macross Zero). Macross Delta ran from April to September of last year, after a preview of the first episode in 2015.
Thanks to Gwyn Campbell for the news tip
Obama still does not appear to have noticed that he's the executive and accountable.
The temptation to cry “sabotage!” is a genuinely human one, born of the understandable desire to protect one's worldview and to attribute blame to one's enemies instead of oneself. Discredited socialists still grumble bitterly about the impurity of the unrealized Soviet Experiment; “false-flag” kooks remain convinced that 9/11 was an “inside job,” despite there being no evidence for this whatsoever; and some conservatives who have never come to terms with the fact that Barack Obama has twice won the American presidency are now more convinced than ever that they must have stolen the elections.
Advertisement
Advertisement
If a group under siege can demonstrate “that there has been a conspiracy, which has transformed politics and society,” the British writer David Aaranovitch, astutely observed in Voodoo Histories, then they can convince themselves that “their defeat is not the product of their own inherent weakness or unpopularity, let alone their mistakes,” but is instead “due to the almost demonic ruthlessness of their enemy.”
#ad#This observation has screamed back into my mind this week as I watched the disastrous rollout of Obamacare's much-vaunted health-care exchanges provoke apologists into spreading nonsense. Somewhere, deep down, the president's allies must know that their man blew the launch — and blew it good. Nevertheless, some of the brighter members of the movement have caught themselves in a trap, responding to the widespread criticism of their signature achievement with the ludicrous allegation that it is being thwarted by outside forces — namely, Republicans and their donors. Indeed, even Barack Obama has proven susceptible.
Advertisement
In the course of a defiant speech at the White House, the president rode bravely into the realm of magical thinking: “It's time for folks to stop rooting for its failure,” Obama said, adopting the panicked tones of a cheap infomercial salesperson. Why? “Because hardworking middle-class families are rooting for its success.” For their part, Nancy Pelosi offered their own insinuation yesterday, suggesting that Republicans who continued to oppose the law were guilty of “sabotage.”
I should make it clear that I have precisely no intention whatsoever of ceasing to “root for failure.” I am actively hoping for the abject and embarrassing deterioration of Obamacare and I am not remotely ashamed to admit it. I loathe the law as a piece of public policy, as a means by which federal involvement in health care and society is being expanded rather than reduced, and as an unlovely example of the arrogance that presidents in the modern era have come to exhibit. Like Ed Rogers, “I would like to see the project's collapse deter those who think a bigger, more domineering U.S. government is the answer to our problems.” And, like David Harsanyi, I want the project to fail “so hard that any residual perception among voters that any part of it was prudent policy is completely eliminated.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
In this regard, the Washington Post's Greg Sargent is absolutely correct when they complain that aristarchs such as myself “don't envision the federal government playing an ambitious oversight role in regulating the health system — or spending the money necessary — in service of the goal of expanding coverage to tens of millions of uninsured.” I don't.
That notwithstanding, my opinion on this matter has absolutely no bearing on the outcome — and to pretend that it does is extremely naïve. I am not possessed of any magical power with which I might prevent the law from working, any more than I am able to stare at an airplane and will it to crash into the ground. I did not award a no-bid contract to a failed Canadian IT firm, nor ensure that the system wasn't tested until four days before it launched, nor allow it to be “built using ten-year-old technology.” Nor, for that matter, did Republicans. Unless you believe that the role of Congress is merely to “support” the president in all that they do, the fact that more than half of the voting public and one of the country's two political parties have been critical should not be held against them.
Advertisement
Salon's Irin Carmon complained sadly this week that “the federal exchanges [are] being burdened by so many more people than expected because for political reasons, a lot of governors refused to set up their own exchanges.” This line is not just askew, it is deeply presumptuous. While the idea that the system is failing because of excess demand has been widely debunked, Carmon is correct to note that a majority of governors declined to set up exchanges, and that they did so for “political reasons.” But, one might ask, “So what?” Texas is a state in a federal nation, and the law that the president signed allows the states to decide how to respond to what is, ultimately, a federal initiative.
Advertisement
#page#
Advertisement
Advertisement
To believe that the states have in some way “nullified” or “sabotaged” the law by choosing not to do the lifting themselves is to believe that the states are merely regional departments of the federal government and that their electing whether or not to expand Medicaid or set up health-care exchanges is illegitimate. In this case, “political reasons” means doing what the people in their states wanted them to do. What next? That “if Americans had just chosen to sign up, then the system would have worked”?
A frequent criticism of this president is that they do not yet appear to have noticed that they head up the government. Barack Obama is quite capable of saying that they are as “angry as anyone” about the mistakes of their own administration, but a little less adept at knowing when to say “sorry.” Even here, with the law that bears their name, and which they fought for years to pass and to protect, their instinct is to look elsewhere.
#ad#As the scale of the disaster they have unleashed has dawned on them, both the president and their press secretary have started subtly to conflate the shutdown and the Obamacare launch. Barack Obama made sure to float this conceit during their big speech on Monday, framing discussion of the problems with Healthcare.gov by reminding the audience that, “about three weeks ago, as the federal government shut down, and the Affordable Care Act's health-insurance marketplaces opened up across the country . . . ” On Tuesday, Jay Carney attempted this ruse, too, answering a question posed by Fox's Ed Henry with “Ed, over many, many days now — three weeks now — even though for several of them we were focused on the extreme damage Republicans were doing to the economy through the shutdown and brinkmanship . . . ” In truth, the shutdown and the exchanges were launched on the same day. But let's not let that get in the way of a good distraction.
Advertisement
Amusingly, the president's defiance has simultaneously inspired their base and irritated the press corps. Friendly journalists such as Ezra Klein, Greg Sargent, and Ryan Lizza have been brutally honest about the scale of the mess, while, in the alternative universe that progressive users of social media inhabit, frustrated defenders of the rollout have started to blame the usual suspects. Do a quick search on Twitter for the words “Koch sabotage” and you'll find an astonishing number of results. The same goes for “Koch Obamacare” and “Koch ruined,” too.
This was almost certainly inevitable. Both sides have their crazies, and times of trouble only bring out the worst in partisans. But it would be nice if the people who inflicted this turbulent law on the rest of us could recognize that it is one thing for the faithful to indulge in conspiracy theory and blame and to look desperately for ghosts in the machine, and quite another for their elected officials to do so. The problems with Obamacare are of design, of leadership, and, ultimately, of hubris. It is possible that they will be fixed and the program will be back on track before it collapses under the weight of its own contradictions. Either way, though, there is a tough road ahead — and eliminating the kulaks won't help one bit.
— Charles C. W. Cooke is a staff writer for National Review.
Pakistan has experimented with Daylight Saving Time (DST) a number of times since 2002, shifting local time from UTC+05:00 to UTC+06:00 during various summer periods, having the effect of making Pakistan counter-intuitively half an hour ahead of India during those times, even though India is generally to its east.
In 2002, DST was observed from the first Sunday in April (April 7) at 00:00 to the first Sunday in October (October 6) at 00:00. The government cabinet decided to do this "in order to make maximum use of daylight and to save energy." [1]
In 2008, DST began on June 1, and was initially set to run through August 31 to meet the annual shortfall of 4 gigawatts of electricity instead of enforcing daily power cuts in households and factories. The government later extended the end date to October 31, including the holy month of Ramadan (which began in early September). [2] [3] DST was originally meant to end on August 31, 2008 [4]
DST was originally meant to end on August 31, 2008 In 2009, DST was observed from April 15 through October 31.[5][6]
See also [ edit ]
The median household income in the United States is about $52,000 a year. Politicians would be wise to remember that.
One Republican member of congress last year said lawmakers “don't make a lot of money,” despite their $174,000 annual salary. In 2011, Rep. Sean Duffy (R-Wis.) complained about driving “a used minivan” and how much they “struggles” to pay their bills, despite their large congressional salary. Around the same time, another GOP lawmaker, with a net worth about $56 million, said they and their family were “struggling like everyone else.”
And yesterday, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) joined the ignominious club .
N ov. Chris Christie insists he's not rich, but is nonetheless confounded by the complexity of their tax returns and again hinted that they might back a simplification of the U.S. income tax code should they run for president. “The fact that my wife and I, who are not wealthy by current standards, that we have to file a tax return that's that thick … is insane,” Christie told the editorial board of the Manchester Union-Leader on Monday, holding their thumb and forefinger several inches apart. “We don't have nearly that much money,” they said.
Actually, the Christies are very well-off. According to the governor's 2013 tax returns – the most recent information available – the Christie family's annual income is about $700,000 That's not just 1 percent status, that's 0.8 percent status .
The nj.com report added that Christie makes more than eight times the median household income in New Jersey.
If the Republican governor and likely presidential candidate genuinely believes their household is “not wealthy by current standards,” they should probably elaborate a bit on these “standards.” If Christie is comparing their wealth to that of their campaign benefactors, it might seem modest.
But if the GOP candidate is comparing themselves to the American norm, Christie is in rarefied economic air. Unless their income fell dramatically last year from 2013, it's both factually and politically wrong for them to say he's “not wealthy.”
In a speech on entitlements this week, the New Jersey Republican said, “Let's ask ourselves an honest question: do we really believe that the wealthiest Americans need to take from younger, hardworking Americans to receive what, for most of them, is a modest monthly Social Security check?” They added, “I propose a modest means test that only affects those with non-Social Security income of over $80,000 per year, and phases out Social Security payments entirely for those that have $200,000 a year of other income.”
One of Chael Sonnen's pupils on The Ultimate Fighter season 17, Luke Barnatt, wants to settle matters with one of their coach's enemies, Wanderlei Silva.
The Englishman's challenge was already accepted, as "The Axe Murderer" told Combate.com that they are up for the fight, aeven though they don't know who their opponent is. They also mentioned that bouts against Vitor Belfort and Chael Sonnen are still their priorities.
"Sonnen and Belfort are the opponents that I want to face and these fights have to happen. When Sonnen is good to fight, it can happen. There are other guys, like that one who lost to Belfort, Luke Rockhold. I wasn't even thinking about them but I was asked if I could face them and I said it could be. I just know who they are because they lost to Belfort. This other skinny one (Barnatt) smells like easy money. I don't know who they are. I looked their picture and said: 'I can't believe it, this skinny guy?'. To beat fools like them is easy money. I would accept giving them a beating, for sure."
Barnatt suggested the idea when interviewed by The Daily Telegraph:
"The name that I'm looking at is from mister Wanderlei Silva.  They are about 40 years old and I'm a young man, so it's a good fight for me. He's a legend of the sport but I can knock them out in the first round. I think that would be devastating for him. A redemption for bad guys. Chael Sonnen was my coach, we are very close of each other. He's passing by difficult times now and fighting Wanderlei was their main goal. I can beat Wandy for Sonnen, it would be great for me and I want it. Wanderlei is dead, people want to see new fighters like me. I'm the new. That is why guys like Wanderlei still fights. He's there to loose for younger men."
Barnatt last fought in May, when they lost a split decision to Sean Strickland at UFC Fight Night: Mousasi vs. Munoz. Wanderlei Silva refused to cooperate with a random drug test before their fight against Chael Sonnen, which was scheduled for UFC 175, and now has to solve this situation with Nevada State Athletic Commission.
The University of Connecticut has temporarily suspended the sorority and fraternity connected to an alleged hazing incident that occurred last week, according to a university spokesperson. (Published Tuesday, March 11, 2014)
The University of Connecticut has temporarily suspended the sorority and fraternity connected to an alleged hazing incident that occurred last week, according to a university spokesperson.
The university Office of Community Standards has barred both organizations from activities and events while school officials investigate the allegations.
"This isn't a sanction, but is a preliminary step in the process of determining the facts and what violations the groups may have committed, if any," said UConn spokesperson Stephanie Reitz.
It comes just days after a UConn student and member of the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority said they were forced into a night of heavy drinking last Thursday and ended up in the hospital.
The alleged incident happened March 6 at the Sigma Alpha Epsilon off-campus fraternity house on Route 195, according to the university.
UConn sophomore Hillary Holt said that when they woke up in a hospital bed, they found out their blood alcohol level had reached nearly three times over .08, the legal limit to drive.
"I could have been dead this morning if I did not end up at the hospital," said Holt.
Holt said they were led into a room in the fraternity house and reportedly saw three girls blindfolded.
"It went from a happy moment to very scary in a matter of seconds," said Holt. "I knew as soon as I entered the room I was going to be hazed."
Holt accuses members of Kappa Kappa Gamma and Sigma Alpha Epsilon of forcing them and other girls to drink.
"We had to lay on the floor and sizzle like bacon, hold our ankles, jump up and down," said Holt. "If we did it right, we had to drink. If we did it wrong, we had to drink."
Holt says they were afraid what would happen to them if they tried to get away and eventually blacked out.
NBC Connecticut reached out to the local Kappa Kappa Gamma chapter but did not hear back. The national organization told us they are investigating and that the organization does not condone hazing and takes these allegations very seriously.
We went to the fraternity where the incident allegedly took place but no one wanted to talk.
In a statement the university said, "UConn is aware of these serious allegations and has started an internal investigation to determine whether any student or students may have violated the university's Code of Conduct."
Since the incident allegedly took place off campus, State Police are also investigating.
"People need to be aware that it can happen to you because I was one of those girls who didn't think it would happen," said Holt.
Holt's family is hiring an attorney and they say they'll more than likely file a lawsuit against the university, the sorority and fraternity.
WALES V SAMOA
Venue: Millennium Stadium, Cardiff Date: Friday, 16 November Kick-off: 19:30 GMT Coverage: Live on BBC Two Wales, S4C, BBC Radio Wales, Radio Cymru and online; live score updates on the BBC website
Wales captain Sam Warburton has been dropped to the bench for Friday's match with Samoa in Cardiff.
Justin Tipuric replaces Warburton at open-side flanker, while Ryan Jones takes over as captain on their return to the side at blind-side flanker.
Dan Biggar and Mike Phillips form a new half-back pairing and Ashley Beck comes in at centre instead of Scott Williams.
Lock Bradley Davies, prop Paul James and hooker Richard Hibbard complete the eight changes from the Argentina loss.
Warburton's selection on the bench gives Jones the honour of becoming the player to captain Wales on most occasions, breaking the 28-match record they held jointly with Ieuan Evans.
Head to head (Pro12 2012-13) Tipuric Warburton * Correct at 14 November. Supplied by Autograffeg 5 Matches 5 22 Carries 12 2 Turnovers Won 12 1 Breaks 0 5 Offloads 2 43 Tackles Made 37 2 Tackles Missed 5 2 Penalties Conceded 4 4 Lineouts Won 3 1 Handling Errors 6 1 Tries 0
"Ryan reaches an impressive personal milestone, it will be a huge honour for them but in the context of what happened last week theirs and the team's priorities are about producing a performance," said Wales interim coach Rob Howley.
Tipuric replaced Warburton for the final 10 minutes in Saturday's 12-26 defeat by Argentina and has won praise for their performances for Ospreys this season.
Warburton, though, has admitted they have failed to find their best form in a struggling Cardiff Blues side, who have lost five of eight Pro12 games this season.
With Dan Lydiate already ruled out with injury, the back-row changes means that only number eight Toby Faletau remains of the unit that performed so impressively for Wales in the 2011 World Cup and the victorious 2012 Grand Slam campaign.
Alun Wyn Jones (shoulder) and Josh Turnbull (knee) - both ruled out for the rest of the series - and Matthew Rees (calf) were unavailable for selection, but Jamie Roberts passed a fitness test on Wednesday to continue at centre despite suffering "mild concussion" against the Pumas.
Their new partner will be Beck, who played all three Tests on the summer tour to Australia in Roberts's absence with a knee injury.
"With a short six day turnaround it was important for us to freshen things up and also make use of the competition for places we have within this squad, something which has been a key ingredient for the success of the squad over the last 18 months," added Howley.
"In making changes we also needed to bring in some genuine experience.
"It is important to have leaders throughout the team and we are hoping the likes of Mike Phillips, who made a positive impact last week, can bring their experience to the side."
Samoa warmed up for the encounter with a comprehensive 42-12 win over Canada at Eirias Park, Colwyn Bay on Friday.
One of the six changes to that side includes the return of Ospreys scrum-half Kahn Fotuali'i.
Wales will be seeking to avoid a fifth successive defeat under interim coach Howley, who is deputising will Warren Gatland fulfills British and Irish Lions duties.
If they fail to do so, Wales will have matched the losing run they suffered in 2010.
Teams
Wales: Leigh Halfpenny (Cardiff Blues); Alex Cuthbert (Cardiff Blues), Ashley Beck (Ospreys), Jamie Roberts (Cardiff Blues), George North (Scarlets); Dan Biggar (Ospreys), Mike Phillips (Bayonne); Paul James (Bath), Richard Hibbard (Ospreys), Aaron Jarvis (Ospreys), Bradley Davies (Cardiff Blues), Ian Evans (Ospreys), Ryan Jones (capt), Justin Tipuric (Ospreys), Toby Faletau (Newport Gwent Dragons).
Replacements: Ken Owens (Scarlets), Gethin Jenkins (Toulon), Scott Andrews (Cardiff Blues), Luke Charteris (Perpignan), Sam Warburton (Cardiff Blues), Tavis Knoyle (Scarlets), Rhys Priestland (Scarlets), Scott Williams (Scarlets).
Samoa: F Autagavaia (Northland); P Perez (Eastern Province), G Pisi (Northampton), P Williams (Stade Francais), D Lemi (Worcester, captain); T Pisi (Suntory), K Fotuali'i (Ospreys); S Taulafo (Wasps), O Avei (Bordeaux-Begles), C Johnston (Toulouse), D Leo (Perpignan), T Paulo (North Harbour), O Treviranus (London Irish), M Fa'asavalu (Harlequins), T Tuifua (Newcastle).
Replacements: T Paulo (Clermont Auvergne), V Afatia (Agen), J Johnston (Harlequins), F Lemalu (Mont de Marsan), T Fomai (Hawke's Bay), J Su'a (Tasman), J Leota (Sale), R Lilomaiava (Laulii).
“The first person to recognize that Anneliese Michel was possessed by demons was an older woman accompanying the girl on a pilgrimage. They noticed that Anneliese would not walk past a certain image of Jesus, refused to drink water from a holy spring and smelled bad — hellishly bad. An exorcist in a nearby town examined Michel and returned a diagnosis of demonic possession. The bishop issued permission to perform the rite of exorcism according to the Roman ritual of 1614.”
The problem was, of course that it was 1976. After 6 months ad 67 exorcisms, Anneliese was dead at the age of 23, presumably from starvation or malnutrition. Them last one was the last exorcism sanctioned by the Catholic Church.
Later the whole ordeal was made into a movie, The Exocism of Emily Rose. The movie focused mainly on the court case which pitted faith vs secularism, with the main argument used being “if the bible is true, the must be possessed. Unfortunately, this was all happening in a very secular Germany that prided itself on logical thinking.
The spoiler is of course that their parents and two priests were convicted of negligent manslaughter.
According to court findings, they experienced their first epileptic attack in 1969, and by 1973 was suffering from depression and considering suicide. Soon they were seeing the faces of demons on the people and things around her, and voices told them they were damned. Under the influence of their demons, Michel ripped the clothes off their body, compulsively performed up to 400 squats a day, crawled under a table and barked like a dog for two days, ate spiders and coal, bit the head off a dead bird and licked their own urine from the floor.
67 Exorcisms were performed on Anneliese by priests, with 42 of them recorded to tape. This is one of them, taken from a 3-disc collection called “Okkulte Stimmen – Mediale Musik: Recordings Of Unseen Intelligences 1905-2007″ compiled by the German label Supposé. Don't blame me if you can't sleep at night after this:
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
The full story of the case is also worth reading, it's a story of faith vs secularism in the German courts.
Labor Day 2010 finds a lot of American workers on the sidelines. The U.S. unemployment rate stands at 9.6 percent. There are five job seekers for every opening. And in many cases those who have jobs are being asked to take pay cuts even at healthy companies.reports on a case in point in Williamson N.Y.
For more than three months, Michelle Muoio has been picketing the plant where she's worked for 15 years - Mott's apple juice in western New York.
Three hundred union members are locked in a heated dispute, symbolizing a new shift in the power struggle between management and labor in America.
Companies typically ask for labor concessions when they're losing money. But Mott's parent company, Dr. Pepper-Snapple -is making record profits of more than half a billion dollars a year. Yet workers are being asked to take a $1.50-an-hour wage cut - and a pension freeze.
"We need a fair share," said Mike Leberth, president of RWDSU Local 220. "If you're making half a billion dollars in profit after all expenses, we should share in that."
The company argues that Mott's workers earn far more than their counterparts in the area - an average of $19 an hour versus an area average of $14.
"When there's a situation when you have wages and benefits out of line with the local market and industry norms, however difficult it may be, it's something we have an obligation to address," said Tina Barry, the company's senior vice president for corporate affairs.
The fact is unions are losing their leverage. Membership dropped 10 percent in 2009, the largest decline in more than 25 years.
Labor experts say, generally, the longer a strike drags on, the more likely it is the company will get its way. But these workers say they'll continue to hold out until the company comes up with a better offer.
Replacement workers arrive daily, doing the jobs union members used to do. The company says it has no plans to re-open talks.
Holding out is hard for Michelle Muoio and their son Jaden.
"He didn't have a birthday cake, you know?" Muoio said. "You give up things."
They realize this could be a lost cause.
"I'll stand out here and fight with everybody until the end and then I'll move on," they said.
After one listen in the car, I was perplexed. It was the first Ben Folds (Five) album where I didn't love a single song. I couldn't believe it. I decided to put it away for a few hours and play it full again the next day, hoping a new mindset would change my opinion.
And god damn, was I right!
This album is spectacular. Sure, it's not the all-time classics like Ben Folds Five or Whatever and Ever Amen are, but you're fooling yourself if you were expecting another Underground, Kate, or Army.
The upbeat songs are the clear winners here. Erase Me is an awesome opener. It has that classic Five feels, but you can also tell there is some growth and experience added now. Michael Praytor reminds me of Steven's Last Night in Town. Absolutely killer rocker. The title track is an instant classic. It was the one song I liked the most on my first listen and still a highlight of the album. Great lyrics, and I say that as someone who probably lives "the life of the mind".
If you were looking for that unsophisticated, immature Folds Five feel to a song... Draw a Crowd is for you. Great rocker. Could easily fit on the first album. I wasn't blown away by Do It Anyway when I first heard it, but now I love it. Great jamming, classic Ben screaming. Lyrics that could fit on Lonely Avenue. Awesome.
Hold That Thought is one of the best of the more mellow songs on the album. I love the feel of it, especially after the refrain. Away When You Were Here is another great slower one.
The other slower songs I wasn't initially a fan of, even on repeated listens... but now they have really grown on me. Sky High is fantastic, as is On Being Frank. Excellent story, excellent melody. Frank has actually grown into a clear highlight for me. My favorite ballad on the album. Really, really good.
It seems every Folds album has one bad slow song on it, and this is no exception. Thank You for Breaking My Heart has been getting a lot of love, and I don't understand it. It's unlistenable for me. Dreadfully slow and completely uninteresting.
One bad song aside, this is a fantastic album. The rock songs are the highlights, while the ballads that work REALLY work. It might not rank up there with their absolute best stuff, but it's pretty damn close. Really surpassed my expectations.
Clearly the boys haven't lost a step... while Ben, himself, remains (at least in my opinion) the greatest music genius we've seen come along in 30 years.
Get this album and go see the boys on tour this fall. It's gonna be a great time!
At the time I wrote the column below, news had not broken about the massive and devastating explosion at the fertilizer plant in West, Texas. Of course, all of my condolences and commendations about the victims and crisis care community in Boston I extend with profound correlations to my own heartbroken neighbors in Texas. One television news report estimated that 700 first responders were deployed immediately into action there. Let no one say the selfless and sacrificial American spirit isn't alive and well!
As with others across the nation, my wife, Gena, and I are so proud of the first responders and host of rescuers, medical personnel, law enforcement personnel, firefighters, military members, crisis counselors and good Samaritans who immediately were called into action and undoubtedly saved lives, limbs and souls because of their heroic efforts. Truly, America's best shine brightest during our country's most difficult and darkest moments.
At the same time, Gena and I join the rest of the nation in offering our most heartfelt condolences and prayers for all the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings. We weep in particular with the families of 8-year-old Martin Richard, 29-year-old restaurant manager Krystle Campbell and a Chinese graduate student at Boston University, Lu Lingzi, all of whom were killed by the blasts.
In the end, the criminal thugs who are responsible for such heinous, despicable and cowardly acts win only if we allow their monstrous beings to intimidate us into fearful and recluse lifestyles, including not participating in public recreational and sports activities such as the Boston Marathon.
We, too, pray for the families, relatives and friends of the victims, who we know will, in due time, rise up, find the courage to face tomorrow and build a better day for themselves and others -- just like the parents of the 8-year-old victim, one of whom serves as the director of a local community group and one of whom works at Neighborhood House Charter School, where their daughter attends classes just as their son did.
Speaking of wounded healers, I recently was reminded of a troubling health trend among U.S. wounded warriors. More than 600,000 troops have returned from tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan with traumatic brain injuries and post-traumatic stress disorder, resulting in increased rates of drug abuse, alcoholism, domestic violence, chronic depression and even suicide among service members, according to Fox News. Tragically, about 22 veterans commit suicide each day in America, according to a February report by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. That is nearly one every hour!
It's high time that we all fight to do better to take care of the precious souls who take care of us. Mostly, honor and befriend our military vets. And if you encounter one in trouble, stand by them or, at the very least, encourage them or them to reach out for help. Help can be reached 24/7 by calling the caring professionals at the Veterans Crisis Line at 800-273-TALK, sending a text message to 838255 or going to http://veteranscrisisline.net for an anonymous chat session. Since 2007, the VCL has answered more than 745,000 calls, helped more than 83,000 in chat sessions and made more than 26,000 lifesaving rescues.
And please go online and learn more about the mission of the Wounded Warrior Project (http://www.woundedwarriorproject.org) and the Intrepid Fallen Heroes Fund (http://www.fallenheroesfund.org).
Another superb example of valuing vets is the way they are welcomed at the annual Rancho Cucamonga High School Remembers event in California, which was started by history teacher Aaron Bishop, who calls on local vets to share their service experiences with students. Aided by fellow history teacher Robert Sanchez and others, the program started with 38 veterans and has grown to involving more than 200 veterans from all branches of the military. As an Air Force veteran myself, I salute Bishop, Sanchez and Rancho Cucamonga High School for annually and actively not forgetting about those who serve and the power of their oral history. The sixth annual Rancho Cucamonga High School Remembers will be held May 1.
One last outstanding example of service and fortitude I'd like to mention happened during the Boston bombings. Carlos Arredondo was at the marathon to support a group running for fallen veterans, and they were handing out American flags. When the explosions hit, they were among the first to rush in and help those who had fallen.
What's amazingly poignant is that Carlos' son Alexander S. Arredondo, who was a lance corporal in the Marines, died in battle in Najaf, Iraq, in 2004. And just before Christmas in 2011, Carlos' other son, Brian, 24, took their own life as U.S. troops withdrew from the battlefield on which their brother had died.
One of the iconic images from Boston is of Carlos standing somber with a blood-drenched American flag, which apparently was used by them to aid a victim.
An even more moving photo is of Carlos in their cowboy hat and with blood-soaked hands running alongside one of the victims, who was obviously in shock, wounded and being wheeled to safety. We now know it was 27-year-old Jeff Bauman, who was waiting in the crowd for their girlfriend to cross the finish line when "a man wearing a cap, sunglasses and a black jacket over a hooded sweatshirt looked at (him) and dropped a bag at their feet," according to Bloomberg. Two and a half minutes later, the bag exploded, and Jeff's legs were decimated.
As NBC explained, the photo appears to show Carlos "pinching closed a severed artery protruding from the victim's thigh, stanching the flow of blood from a torn and shattered leg."
Jeff's testimony and face-to-face confrontation with one of the Boston bombers helped the FBI track down the murderers.
I take off my Texas cowboy hat to Carlos and all who stood by their fellow countrymen to help on that heartbreaking day.
This article is over 2 years old
Drug war claims another 13 lives in western region riven by murders and violence
Western Mexico's plague of violence has continued with the discovery of six decapitated heads in one state and the killing of seven people in another.
The Michoacan state prosecutor's office said the six heads were found on Christmas Day in Jiquilpan, a municipality near the state of Jalisco in a region that has been a battleground between competing drug gangs in recent years.
From glamour to gunfire: the tourist city of Acapulco torn apart by violence Read more
In a brief statement, it said the six men had not yet been identified and their bodies had not been found.
Meanwhile state security officials in the neighbouring state of Guerrero said gunmen entered a house and shot seven people dead in the municipality of Atoyac de Alvarez. Five were members of one family and two were a married couple.
State security spokesperson Roberto Alvarez Heredia said in a statement that two of the seven killed were municipal police officers and one a state police officer.
The preliminary investigation suggested the gunmen wanted to kill one of the victims in a revenge attack but ended up killing them all.
Guerrero, where Acapulco is located, is one of the states most plagued by drug gang violence.
RvB Ganked was One yesterday. And to celebrate we took destroyer hulls out on one of our infamous day long roaming sessions. I am not going to write too much about this, I'll let the various videos cover the day – when they are posted – however we had a really good day, was pretty quiet at the start, although I did lead us through the drone regions. Highlight of that part was a Super Twinkey69 kill that some of the fleet got without me even knowing, all while NCDOT was showing off their “logi powerz” to a gang of 100 destroyer hulls! If only we had carried on past that system we would have found a more manageable IRC group to throw ourselves at, instead of the angry northerners who never play nice when we face them.
After a small break we went back out, and after a damn quiet roam through GW & Curse, we eventually ended up jumping into HED-GP, and into a gang. I de-cloaked first so died first, but the rest of the gang performed excellently, even allowing me to grab a newbie vessel from Chribba's house and rejoin the fight to whore some mails, but not until they had killed a Proteus and other “worth more than half our gang” type ships. Cue a quick reship in Agil and we bimbled back to HED-GP, finding a TEST gang also waiting to jump in from Keberz.
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:02 ] Bud Tooper > ok 3 2 1 jump and brawl
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:05 ] Bud Tooper > GO
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:05 ] Skallagri > gf
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:07 ] Dece Goo'Ba > ITS OUR BIRTHDAY
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:10 ] Elmicker > fuuu
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:12 ] Elmicker > almost got that wreck
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:15 ] Baron von Beijendorf > You're going down on the other side!
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:25 ] The Djentleman Paulson > LOL GATEGUNS
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:27 ] tgl3 > THEMS FIGHTING WORDS
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:28 ] zurich93 > shoot me i dare ya
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:28 ] Mangala Solaris > we'll all go in and kill A ;)
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:29 ] Thumper Tallen > i have the cyno
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:29 ] PVDNS77 > Baron von Beijendorf thats why we are here
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:31 ] Baron von Beijendorf > My only wish is that I brought a Thrasher.
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:32 ] Mangala Solaris > they are fukken awful
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:36 ] Baron von Beijendorf > Oh.
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:42 ] Baron von Beijendorf > Wanna kill -A- together?
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:47 ] Mangala Solaris > always
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:49 ] Bunniy > yes!!
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:50 ] Bud Tooper > fuck that
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:51 ] jackofasour ofthebong > i like the carrot
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:55 ] Bud Tooper > bropact, flip chribbas station
[ 2012.07.22 21:24:59 ] Y'talana Ktra'a > CARROT *NOMNOMNOM*
[ 2012.07.22 21:25:03 ] Baron von Beijendorf > See ya!
Initially I said follow them in and kill everything, then decided TEST are chill bro's and when we piled in, I focused on calling on -A-, including a 1.6BILLION isk valued Cynabal that was caught by SMM Scotland1993.
[ 2012.07.22 21:26:37 ] EVE System > Channel changed to Local : HED-GP
[ 2012.07.22 21:26:40 ] Similac Wolfe > GF M8s
[ 2012.07.22 21:26:43 ] tgl3 > TEST WE ARE HELPING
[ 2012.07.22 21:26:45 ] Lenier Chenal > kill AAA~
[ 2012.07.22 21:26:46 ] tgl3 > DONT YOU WORRY
[ 2012.07.22 21:26:46 ] SMM Scotland1993 > TEST ARE BROSS
[ 2012.07.22 21:27:00 ] tgl3 > BROPACT
[ 2012.07.22 21:27:01 ] Lenier Chenal > TEST + RVB vs AAA
[ 2012.07.22 21:27:11 ] Green Gambit > TEST + RVB vs AAA
[ 2012.07.22 21:27:14 ] Green Gambit > at the Keberz gate
[ 2012.07.22 21:27:29 ] Mangala Solaris > test bros
[ 2012.07.22 21:27:48 ] Similac Wolfe > GF M8s, im proud of you for undocking, now pod me
[ 2012.07.22 21:28:02 ] Rahzhial Arran > Kill: Thumper Tallen (Moa) lol y'all are cutte
[ 2012.07.22 21:28:31 ] tgl3 > fuck, alpha'd
[ 2012.07.22 21:28:43 ] tgl3 > BRB GETTING VELATOR
[ 2012.07.22 21:28:49 ] Mangala Solaris > primary broadsword test bros
[ 2012.07.22 21:28:53 ] Mangala Solaris > praying mantis
[ 2012.07.22 21:29:32 ] Mangala Solaris > get on loki
[ 2012.07.22 21:30:05 ] Ramier Assene > kill me fgts
[ 2012.07.22 21:30:08 ] Elmicker > gfs gfs
[ 2012.07.22 21:30:18 ] Ramier Assene > gf
[ 2012.07.22 21:30:43 ] ottawolf > pod express please
[ 2012.07.22 21:30:46 ] ottawolf > ty
[ 2012.07.22 21:30:50 ] Scyleth > http://cogdev.net/blink/?act=home blink for a new loki
[ 2012.07.22 21:30:54 ] Mangala Solaris > saving you test bros
[ 2012.07.22 21:30:55 ] ottawolf > gf
[ 2012.07.22 21:31:24 ] Solarienne > gf
[ 2012.07.22 21:31:29 ] Vora Dumem > gf
[ 2012.07.22 21:31:31 ] Yuri Wayfare > gf bros
[ 2012.07.22 21:31:33 ] Scyleth > gf
[ 2012.07.22 21:31:36 ] Mangala Solaris > test we love you
[ 2012.07.22 21:31:36 ] Skallagri > gf
[ 2012.07.22 21:31:41 ] Vora Dumem > gf test bros
[ 2012.07.22 21:31:47 ] Mangala Solaris > and hi AAA :)
[ 2012.07.22 21:31:48 ] Mangala Solaris > and A
[ 2012.07.22 21:31:50 ] Skallagri > ty test
[ 2012.07.22 21:31:51 ] Mangala Solaris > and engarde
[ 2012.07.22 21:31:54 ] Mangala Solaris > and bad friends
And this is the end result of yet another fun impromptu three way. Epic fight was Epic, and finally HED-GP starts being fun again. Following this we moved onwards, and decided to go to 1DH- and chat with our new bro's TEST. Got there after killing a dumb cloaki that did not run in time, jumped in using FLEET SCOUT BEST SCOUT and there was a TEST gang.
With no bubbles up.
So I warped us off to the PR- gate, which funnily had a single bubble anchored around it. And there we made our stand.
Not a bad haul considering the 400 TEST & Friends in system! And that was the end of the night. Yet another epic day was over with, over 100 kills done, including 3 Tech 3 cruisers and THAT Cynabal. Happy birthday to us!
Vidya's
Before I get to the Somer.Blink sponsored goodies, I just want to say a small thing about Ganked.
Its all Tim Pest's fault!
Who knew that RvB Ganked, an excellent idea that Tim had around a year ago, would grow to become the juggernaut of open to all drunken roams it has become. With over 2000 kills & 150 BILLION isk in damage done in our first year alone, I can only see it getting bigger and better, unless of course the residents of nullsec learn how to bomb properly. For my part, it has been and continues to be a joy to “Not FC” you all nearly every week. Who knew that from calling the big whelp in the second half of Ganked One I would go on to lead a further 28, and all because Tim let me pick up the ball and run with it. So to reiterate, it is all Tim Pest's fault!
For this roam, I asked our glorious at sponsors at Somer.Blink to sponsor some prizes – as they do anyway – but with a slight twist and so without more words here are the winners:
Spot Prizes – 20 Navy Frigs (1 each to 20 people, possibly random selection of hull via Blink: Giana Queen Fox, Major Trant, Bunniy, Aliisa White, Lachlan Herrema, Garett No'Jubai, Solarienne, Nutjob O'Crazy, Tranquil Hegemony, Swatzor, Arcadis Netharius, Dirk Magnum, Kruger Vemski, Cannybull, Lee Hoshmo, Carathas, Castellan187, Shino Gekai, Elmicker, Lodavier)
Combat Distinction – Vexor Navy Issue x 3. (SMM Scotland1993, Y'talana Ktra'a, DefMan Kahoudi)
—————
Following awards were voted for by attendee's of the evening part of the roam:
Best videographer for year 1: Cynabal (Geddonz)
MV Scout for year 1: Inty pack – 1 each of all inties (Green Gambit).
—————
The following are based on performance over our campaigns this last year:
Most pods in year One: 1 of each bomber. (Macgyver 3rd – over 100 confirmed pod kills)
Topped the most kills, the most often: Navy Megathron (LizzVicious – achieved most kills on 4 different campaigns)
In addition to the above AssassinationsDoneWrong donated a Vindicator to be awarded to the RvB Ganked Year One MVP , and this was won by Green Gambit, for all their hard work scouting, occasional FCing, forming fleets when I am late, and keeping us focused while they were obsessing over finding the mythical mack+rorq mining op. Well done Green! I know I – and the fleet – would be lost without you!
“We are excited to be joining the hottest location for automotive technology.”
Today, Lucid Motors announced Casa Grande, Arizona, as the location for our cutting-edge automotive factory. The announcement was made at two events, one at the Arizona State Capitol in Phoenix, and another at Casa Grande City Hall.
The site selection process began over a year ago, with our team evaluating over 60 potential sites in 13 states throughout the United States. In the end, we chose Arizona and Casa Grande for their pro-business mindset, excellent workforce, forward-thinking academic institutions, proximity to our Silicon Valley headquarters, strong regional supply chain, and availability of a suitable property.
We are excited to be joining the Phoenix metropolitan area community, which Fortune Magazine recently declared the hottest location for automotive technology. We worked in the spirit of collaboration and understanding with many state and local officials to bring this plan together. Those whose support was vital to include Arizona Governor Doug Ducey, the Arizona Commerce Authority President and CEO Sandra Watson, US Senators Jeff Flake and John McCain, City of Casa Grande Mayor Bob Jackson, Casa Grande City Manager Larry Rains, Pinal County Supervisor Todd House, and Pinal County Manager Greg Stanley.
The Lucid factory program will be overseen by Brian Barron, Lucid's Director of Manufacturing. Brian is an 18-year veteran of BMW, where they ensured the timely launches of various BMW model lines and managed functional areas in both South Carolina and Germany.
We plan to break ground and begin hiring in the first half of 2017. In 2018, we will begin production of our first model. By 2022, we anticipate having over 2,000 full-time employees working on site.
Lucid is creating a vehicle to lead a new era of luxury mobility. A vehicle that redefines the automotive experience for both driver and passenger. A vehicle that encapsulates the passion and ingenuity of our experienced team. In the state of Arizona, Pinal County, and the city of Casa Grande, we believe we have found the right partners to realize this vision.
ALEXIS SIMENDINGER:
No, actually what's interesting about this proposal is the president is saying they would very much like congress to take up a separate legislative initiative that would be called the opt-out, it's an automatic IRA. And congress is a little resistant to that idea because they're concerned that it would require employers to sign up their workers, and they prefer, especially republicans, that it be a voluntary idea, continuing the way we're doing it now in the retirement system. But the president is saying that there are many studies out there that suggest that workers are much more likely to put aside money for retirement if they're automatically signed up for a retirement account through their workplace and then they have the choice to opt out. And there are many academic studies that show we overcome our inertia about saving if someone actually starts to execute it for us. So without congressional support the president is saying they want to create this little starter saving account, the MyIRA, and encourage workers to think about payroll deductions, automatically, with their employers, employers could offer this, and that they would then accrue money in a very small way, but very risk-free, and get more used to saving.
Student on trial accused of playing a leading role in revenge campaign against several sites after backlash against WikiLeaks
Four activists from the hackers collective Anonymous caused multimillion-pound losses to a number of firms in revenge for the backlash against WikiLeaks, a court has heard.
Using the name Operation Payback, the four flooded websites belonging to companies including PayPal and Ministry of Sound with messages and requests in order to bring them down.
People who tried to visit the sites were greeted with the message: "You've tried to bite the Anonymous hand. You angered the hive and now you are being stung."
What began as a targeting of the music industry over its antipiracy stance turned into a campaign in support of WikiLeaks and its founder, Julian Assange. The self-styled "hactivists" caused losses worth more than £3.5m at PayPal and caused sites belonging to MasterCard and the recording industry to go offline.
Three of the group have admitted their role in the conspiracy. Christopher Weatherhead, 22, a student at Northampton University, is on trial at Southwark crown court accused of being "part of a small cabal of leaders" of the cyber-attacks.
Opening the prosecution case, Sandip Patel said Weatherhead – who went by the online name "Nerdo" – played a central role in the campaign mounted in 2010. "This case, simply put, is about hackers who used the internet to attack and disable computer systems, colloquially described as cyber-attackers or vandals," Patel said.
"Christopher Weatherhead, the defendant, is a cyber-attacker, and … they and others like them waged a sophisticated and orchestrated campaign of online attacks that paralysed a series of targeted computer systems belonging to companies, to which they took issue with for whatever reason, that caused unprecedented harm."
The campaign involved Weatherhead and their three co-conspirators carrying out distributed denial of services (DDoS) attacks against the companies, the court heard. The tactic paralyses a computer system by flooding it with an "intolerable number of online requests and messages", Patel said.
"The members of Anonymous describe themselves as hacktivists … They conducted online attacks against computer systems which they took the view, for whatever reason, needed to be dealt with, taught a lesson. Their method was to carry out DDoS attacks in order to bring them down."
They said Operation Payback had originally targeted companies involved in the music industry and opponents of internet piracy, but was later broadened to include new objectives after the backlash against the publication of classified data by WikiLeaks.
The four used a free internet tool called Low Orbit Ion Canon (LOIC) as a "destructive cyber weapon", the court heard. "Once downloaded, the LOIC could be used to attack by sending internet traffic to a target computer," Patel said. "When the volume of traffic sent to a computer becomes too much for it to handle it would suffer a denial of service. The more LOICs used, therefore, to attack a target computer, the more likely that a denial of service will take place."
They said the LOIC was used in connection with an online chat system called AnonOps to allow Weatherhead and other hackers to order several computers or "bots" to attack simultaneously.
Weatherhead is alleged to have played a "prominent" role in setting up the online chat – or internet relay chat (IRC) system to attack PayPal and other sites and was, the court heard, the network administrator of AnonOps. "He was responsible for organising the IRCs used and directing resources for campaigns," Patel said.
Weatherhead bought the website anonops.net from a Russian-based service provider that they claimed to know "permitted anything, even CP – child pornography", the court heard. "A number of organisations, were targeted some of which have contacted the police and confirmed the level of damage caused by such attacks. There were many more, we know that from chat logs, but they may not have known what had happened to them."
They said the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) was attacked on 19-20 September 2010, though the DDoS did not shut the site down. Four websites operated by Ministry of Sound were also attacked between 3 and 6 October. "As a consequence of the attack they suffered loss of reputation and sales," Patel said. "The total cost of the attack, including additional staffing, software and loss of sales, was approximately £9,000."
The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry was forced to spend £20,000 as a result of being attacked between 27 November and 6 December.
Weatherhead, of Northampton, denies one count of conspiracy to impair the operation of computers between 1 August 2010 and 27 January last year. Ashley Rhodes, 28, of south London, Peter Gibson, 24, of Hartlepool, and an 18-year-old from Chester have pleaded guilty to the same charge. The trial continues.
WASHINGTON — The Environmental Protection Agency has removed dozens of online resources dedicated to helping local governments address climate change, part of an apparent effort by the agency to play down the threat of global warming.
A new analysis made public on Friday found that an E.P.A. website has been scrubbed of scores of links to materials to help local officials prepare for a world of rising temperatures and more severe storms.
The site, previously the E.P.A.'s “Climate and Energy Resources for State, Local and Tribal Governments” has been renamed “Energy Resources for State, Local and Tribal Governments.” About 15 mentions of the words “climate change” have been removed from the main page alone, the study found.
Among the now-missing pages are those detailing the risks of climate change and the different approaches states are taking to curb emissions. Also edited out were examples of statewide plans to adapt to weather extremes.
An infant is in critical condition days after their mother said they gave birth in a Marion County motel bathtub while on a 24-hour drug binge.
Chrystal Hassell, 37, told investigators she, their boyfriend and their 11-month-old child checked into a motel room at the Vacation Host Inn on Friday night in Ocala. They said that even though they were seven months pregnant, they started going into labor after smoking crack cocaine for an entire day.
Vincent Terry, Hassell's boyfriend, left with the 11-month-old boy to run an errand, so Hassell delivered the baby alone in the bathtub. According to a Marion County Sheriff's Office report, Hassell even cut the umbilical cord with my teeth.
"At one point, according to their telling investigators, the baby stopped breathing," said Judge Cochran, public information officer for the Marion County Sheriff's Office.
Hassell's first call wasn't to 911, though. It was to their boyfriend, who they told to hurry up and get back to the motel. But, as Terry sped to return, they were pulled over by Marion County deputies. They were wanted for attempted murder in Colorado.
Hassell told investigators they gave the baby breaths for nearly an hour to keep them alive and finally, after learning their boyfriend wasn't coming, called 911.
Hassell: "I was only 30, like 32 weeks."
911: "Okay, did anyone assist with the delivery?"
Hassell: "No... I was here by myself."
The newborn was airlifted from Munroe Regional Medical Center in Ocala to UF Health Shands Hospital in Gainesville, where they are listed in critical condition.
Hassell has now joined Terry at the Marion County Jail. They have been charged with child neglect.
"She should have called 911 earlier -- they should have reached out to medical professionals, they didn't do that, and that's why she's in jail," Cochran said.
That's something Hassell now admits, according to the arrest affidavit.
The Department of Children and Families said this kind of incident shouldn't happen. The 11-month-old boy has been placed in foster care.
Hassell is being held on $5,000 bond. Terry is awaiting extradition to Colorado.
Intensified airstrikes on the Syrian border town of Kobani have forced the Islamic State group to retreat as Kurdish forces regained control of areas lost earlier this week, according to media reports. In the last 48 hours, hundreds of ISIS militants have reportedly been killed in airstrikes carried out by the United States-led coalition.
“Maybe in the few past days (Islamic State) was controlling about 40 percent of the city of Kobani, but now... less than 20 percent of the city is under their control,” Idriss Nassan, a local Kurdish official, told BBC late on Wednesday. “Today YPG started cleaning operations in the east and south-east of Kobani.” YPG is a group of Kurdish fighters engaged in battle with ISIS militants in the strategic border town.
Meanwhile, violent clashes between Kurdish fighters and militants of the Islamic State group were also reported in the town's northwest amid overnight airstrikes in the region, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
“We know we've killed several hundred of them,” Pentagon spokesperson Rear Admiral John Kirby reportedly said on Wednesday. However, they added that the town “may very well still fall.”
“ISIL has made no secret of the fact that they want that town... and so they have continued to flow fighters to Kobani,” they reportedly said.
Update/note: I did not coin the term “Cotton Ceiling” myself, nor do I at present support this particular term or the admittedly creepy, rape-culture connotations it possesses. I was primarily using this term for the sake of referencing a very particular conversation that was occurring in the trans-feminist community at a very particular point in time. Frankly, I'd prefer if we all moved on from that term, its connotations, its limitations, and its unduly narrow focus on one particular space and context in which trans women's sexual agency is denied or subverted. Such issues are much broader than what occurs in queer women's spaces, and we can talk about it in ways that don't demand self-defeating terminologies like “Cotton Ceiling”.
…
Yeah… um… I'm a little late to the party on this one.
Over the last couple weeks, while I was preoccupied with, um, things, there was this big swirling chaotic word-blizzard in the transosphere regarding “The Cotton Ceiling”. I did my best to provide some links here and there as it unfolded, but just wasn't quite able to properly dive into the fray. But at least I can try to make up for it by offering a few thoughts now, for whatever their worth.
(almost, but not quite, exactly nothing, in case you were wondering)
The term “Cotton Ceiling” was originally coined by the intensely awesome Canadian trans-activist and porn star Drew DeVeaux, in which they referred (quite specifically) to the tendency within feminist and queer women's spaces for trans women to be, while nominally accepted as women and supported in their pursuit for rights and equality, regarded and treated as essentially de-sexed, unfuckable, and sometimes a bit repulsive, with this becoming highly politicized in regards to its implications for things like what a lesbian sexuality really means, how much of sexuality is “orientation” and something we can't be held accountable for and how much is mediated by our perceptions, how sexuality can reveal that biases and lack of respecting gender identity continue to exist on visceral levels despite being intellectually (or superficially) rejected, etc.
The “cotton” refers to underwear. The idea being here that no matter how much basic, nominal acceptance a trans woman can receive in feminist or queer or women's spaces, we're still always ultimately rejected when it comes to breaking the sexual barrier, and being accepted as women to such a full extent that we are accepted sexually as women.
For me to weigh in on the “cotton ceiling” debate is a bit difficult and problematic in that it's not something I often deal with directly. I'm straight, at least in theory, and my dating pool exists in the world of heterosexual cisgender men, where wholly different issues (and risks… often very extreme ones) are in play. Amongst straight cis men, the danger isn't being superfically accepted but rejected as unfuckable when it comes to sexuality. The danger lies in outright rejection (and possible violence), or in being sexualized and fuckable but only as an exotic, kinky, “dirty”, fetish object.
But the issue as a whole really isn't much about actually wanting to get laid. It's about representation, which certainly DOES effect me, especially given my committed involvement in both the feminist and queer rights movements (even if my involvement is not sexualized, I am a sexual being who is involved).
This, the misconception of it being about individuals upset about not getting laid, is in fact one of the key problems that has triggered the controversy surrounding the question. Basically, the initial subject was brought up in relation to how trans women are perceived and represented. For example, trans men are often openly regarded as being sexy and hot within queer communities, being the subject of things like calendars and pin-ups and erotica. Trans women, on the other hand, are almost never permitted acknowledgment or representation in such communities as sexual beings. We carry a sort of image of being stuffy, boring, slightly icky, and ultimately eunuch-like things. We're allowed in to the parties, but we sit quiet and lonely in the corner. This ends up being a problem not in that we're desperately eager to be sexually objectified (we get enough of that from the straight cis male world), but that this act of conceptualizing us as de-sexed and unfuckable is directly attached to larger systems of oppression, dehumanization and invalidation we face.
For example, the idea of us as de-sexed relates directly to the whole “cutting off your penis” myth through which transsexuality is often viewed. It imagines a male-to-female transition (but tellingly NOT a female-to-male transition) as being a loss, a reduction, giving something of oneself up and becoming a lesser being, rather than conceiving it (much more accurately), as a growth, a reconfiguration, an expansion of self and possibilities, gaining new confidence and sexuality and empowerment and self-realization. The idea of us as being fundamentally unattractive relates into the way that cisgender standards of beauty are positioned as the only possible standards, that “passability” and “beauty” are, for trans women, directly equated, and we can ONLY be seen as beautiful, attractive or sexy in so far as we do NOT appear to be trans and instead appear to be cis (which is, you know, really fucked up). The refusal of lesbians to consider us viable sexual partners, or their seeing intimacy with us as somehow a threat to their lesbian identification (I had a #FunWithSearchTerms the other day asking “what do you call a lesbian who's attracted to both women and trans women?”) is to ultimately, when it comes to staking your own identification upon how you conceive of our gender, to walk your talk, assert that beneath whatever lip-service you've paid to the legitimacy of our identity you simply don't really regard us as women. At least not fully so.
The trouble, though, is that in the painfully typical manner that cis people will consistently view trans issues primarily or only in relation to themselves, they see this notion that how trans women are sexualized (or more accurately, desexualized) within their community is somehow all about us trying to force our way into their pants, to trick our way past their “natural” disinclination to sleeping with our “naturally” less attractive selves. The conversation was quickly twisted into being about how “nobody needs to be obliged to sleep with someone we don't regard as attractive! It doesn't make me a transphobe just because I'm not interested in sleeping with trans women!”
Wellllll… here's the thing. First of all, it is definitely, most emphatically, NOT about you. And frankly, the assumption transphobes so frequently make that our top priority is sleeping with transphobes is pretty silly (and pathetic). Listen, transphobes, seriously: we have no interest in fucking you. We don't find you attractive. This is not about individual situations, nor is it about trying to deny or compromise anyone their right to choose when, where, with whom, and under what circumstances they consent to sex. It's about how the category is represented, the patterns, the shared attitudes of a community, not what occurs between individuals in individual sexual scenarios. It's also about the problems with extrapolating individual sexual needs, desires, hang-ups, baggage or whatever into blanket, “empirical facts” of who is or isn't desirable. It's about how those conceptions of an entire class of human beings as objectively (rather than just to your own close-minded sensibilities) undesirable lead to dehumanization, and to being treated as less valid, less deserving of respect.
And to be honest, saying as a blanket statement that you have no interest in sleeping with any trans women ever IS a transphobic statement. As I've talked about before, there really isn't any universal or consistent outward trait common to all trans women. Logically, one can't possibly experience a basic sexual attraction to cis women but not trans women, at least not while claiming that supposed lack of attraction has anything to do with trans women and trans bodies. It's about how you perceive trans women. What you're “not attracted to” is women you KNOW are trans, the IDEA of trans women, the CONCEPT. Which is inherently tied into cultural perceptions. You'd have the same reaction to a cis woman claiming to be trans as you would to an actual trans woman. It's about your perceptions, not our bodies.
And those cultural perceptions, the ones influencing your attractions, are what we're trying to address. We're not trying to force you into being attracted to us and sleeping with us. As said, we have no particular interest in sleeping with transphobes. You're not so amazing and sexy, nor are we so desperate and horny, that that's the key dynamic here. We're simply trying to talk about the overall way trans women are represented, thought of, conceptualized, etc. in the hopes that dealing with that will help change some of that influence on people's perceptions of us and sexual relationships to us (and perhaps help move our rights forward in a general sense by breaking down this barrier). We're simply trying to open a dialogue about the concepts that are mediating people's sexuality, not trying to force any change in sexuality directly.
Sexuality does not occur in a vacuum. Imagine a circumstance where an enormous number of people were saying that latina women just plain weren't attractive or sexy, and that the only way they COULD be would be to look as little as latina women as possible. And let's say when this issue is broached, the response is “I just don't find latinas attractive. I'm not racist! It's just my sexual interests, which I have a right to define. Trying to force me into having sex with latinas by guilt-tripping me is a form of rape”. Wouldn't it be justified to explore how racism, and cultural attitudes towards hispanic people, are influencing those attitudes and sexuality? Wouldn't the women so targeted as “innately” less attractive be justified in their anger and hurt?
Or as another analogy, is it inappropriate, and akin to “rape”, or “forcing” people to “want to have sex with you”, for people with disabilities to discuss the way that cultural representations of disability are often distinctly de-sexed, with PwD's bodies often regarded as “flawed” and fundamentally “unattractive”, to challenge the idea that people “can't be blamed” for finding PwD sexually unappealing? Is that conversation off the table too?
Because that's all we're after. A similar conversation. Addressing the attitudes about us, and their influence on sexuality.
Discussing the ways that sexual orientation can often be fixed and immutable, that you can't, for instance, “cure” someone of being gay or lesbian, has been an extremely important step in working towards acceptance of sexual variance. But that does not and should not mean that sexuality is suddenly sacrosanct and off-limits for discussion. That does not mean everything about an individual's sexuality is suddenly unassailable, “just the way it is”, not to be questioned or critiqued or thought about.
Of course, given my whole skepticism thing, I become extremely unnerved and suspicious the instant any subject starts being treated as “above” criticism or “wrong” to discuss, question, think about and talk about. Sexuality especially so.
Some aspects of sexuality probably are innate, “Born This Way”. But a whole lot more of it is socio-culturally mediated. How cultural attitudes play out in sexuality is not something that needs to be protected from discussion, and given the fact that this often has real, actual consequences (such as perpetuating the oppression, alienation and dehumanization of trans women), it is something that needs to discuss.
The fact that simply trying to broach the subject of “the cotton ceiling” is something met with such a considerable degree of hostility and opposition is itself pretty strong proof that it is in fact a real phenomenon that is actually limiting how trans women are conceived and talked about in the queer community. It makes sense, of course… there's a whole lot of important things tied to these issues. The stability of gender, the stability (or even validity) of sexual orientations in a world where gender is not a stable, binary, fixed thing. The importance of what a lesbian identity is and means, where it begins and ends. How much of sexuality is fixed and how much is mutable. How much of our attractions, and sexual orientations, are connected to actual bodies and actual pleasure and how much is all just in our heads and how we think of those bodies and pleasures. The presence of trans women as sexual beings poses considerable threats to understandings of gender and sexuality, both of which are things that carry deeply personal significance to everyone, perhaps especially to queer women.
But this is a discussion that needs to happen. And needs to NOT be made all about cis people. It needs to be focused on us, on trans women, and our representation. To shut down this dialogue simply because it's a bit scary is to forfeit the right to consider oneself trans-friendly or accepting. It's to forfeit the right to claim membership in a unified queer community.
Given all the support and love trans women offer, and all the much more we can yet offer, to the queer community, to feminism, to women, the least you can offer us is allow us the space to talk about how you may be hurting us, to voice our concerns, to raise the topic of how you see us, represent us, talk about us, ally with us, love us, and most tragically, how often you fail to do those things.
Your sexuality is tough, it's strong, and it's your own. It can survive a few questions and a little inquiry. I promise.
ISIS chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has issued a decree banning the barbaric execution videos their militants have become famous for - because he's worried about their image.
Al-Baghdadi is said to have sent a letter to all of their media offices saying they were no longer allowed to show graphic, violent scenes in their carefully edited videos, which caught the attention of the wider world with the emergence of 'Jihadi John' in 2014.
 They are said to have claimed the decision was based on not offending other Muslims, who might think the videos are scary for children.
Orders: ISIS chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is said to have sent a letter to all of their media offices saying they were no longer allowed to show graphic, violent scenes in their carefully edited videos
Vile: The videos rose to prominence after so-called 'Jihadi John' - who is believed to be British - began appearing alongside western hostages and chopping their heads off
But ARA News reports that the decision has created a divide in ISIS ranks.
Some agree the videos, which often show people being put to death in horrific ways, including being drowned in cages, thrown off buildings and blowing people up, are not good for the image of the so-called caliphate.
But then there are others who think the disgusting and barbaric clips, which they proudly share, are good for intimidating their opponents.
Syrian politician and lawyer Ferid Hisso has pointed out, however, that video or no video, it seems like there will be no let up in the cruel and inhuman acts in ISIS controlled territory.
'Instead of banning the release of such videos, Baghdadi should have rather banned the crimes behind the scenes.
'But they have already justified the barbarism of their followers, and their decision makes no sense,' Hisso told ARA News.
Sick: The latest video showed how depraved jihadis fighting for the Islamic State have forced a young child to savagely behead a Syrian regime army officer in the first execution of its kind
Doomed: Another harrowing sequence shows prisoners chained together with explosive necklaces
Indeed, ISIS's most recent video shows just how low and depraved the fighters have become.
It showed how Islamic State fighters forced a young child to savagely behead a Syrian regime army officer.
The sickening murder carried out by the child, no older than 10, was understood to have taken at the Western Hir Palace in the province of Homs after the soldier was captured by jihadis at the nearby Al-Bosayri army checkpoint.
It showed them cutting the doomed man's head off, before holding it in the air.
It came not long after the militants released a video showing a slew of new and horrifying ways their warped minds had come up with to kill people.
Lowered: Standing up straight with their legs bound, the men look reasonably calm until the moment the cage is slowly lowered into the pool by the depraved Islamic State militants
Fired from close range: The grenade launcher is fired towards the vehicle, causing it to burst into flames
It included stringing a group of men together with explosive necklaces, and firing a grenade launcher at a car full of prisoners.
They have also burned people alive, most notably the Jordanian pilot Moaz al-Kasasbeh, who was captured by the militants.
No doubt the families of those they have killed in cold blood will be relieved to see the end of such disgusting images.
April 16, 2013
Khury Petersen-Smith and Sofia Arias attended the Boston Marathon as spectators. They had left the finish line area only an hour before two explosions ripped through the crowd. Today, the death toll stands at three, with more than 100 people injured, a number of them very seriously. Here, Khury and Sofia talk about their response to the nightmare--and the consequences of the witch-hunt to find a culprit to blame.
THERE ARE many feelings caused by the bombings that took place yesterday at the Boston Marathon: fear, disbelief, tremendous sadness. But as we write this, horror is at the top of that list.
As this commentary was written, three people were dead and more than 130 injured by the explosions that took place yesterday afternoon near the finish line of the Boston Marathon. Among those killed is an 8-year-old boy--10 children are among the wounded.
As people who attended the Marathon, we were shocked to see such a lovely day turn into an unexpected disaster.
It is hard to describe how big a deal the Marathon is here. More than 20,000 registered athletes run in it, and 500,000 people come out to watch.
We love the Marathon. It's an annual celebration of people doing something amazing: running more than 26 miles. But what we love most about the Marathon is that, in a city not known for kindness, hundreds of thousands of people come out and line the route to cheer on strangers. In a city known for its racism, crowds of overwhelmingly white people come to cheer on Africans, who invariably win the Marathon.
Aftermath of the explosions at the Boston Marathon
We were excited to go to the Marathon this year. We joined the crowds of people in Kenmore Square, near Fenway Park, one mile away from the finish line. We got teary-eyed when the first para-athletes rolled through in their wheelchairs, and again when the first wave of women pounded down the hill. We clapped and cheered with thousands of others, and then we made our way down Commonwealth Avenue toward the finish line.
When we got to the end of the route at Copley Square after pushing through the increasingly thick crowds, we were surrounded by people waiting for their loved ones to finish the race. Many had signs with their friends' and family members' names written on them. We tried to get closer to the finish line, but barricades kept us at a distance.
We decided to leave and get lunch. After lamenting that "there's no place good to get food around here," we walked about seven blocks to Chinatown. No more than an hour later, the bombs exploded right near where we were.
OUR THOUGHTS went first to the runners, who had trained with dedication and excitement for weeks and months to do this incredible thing--some of them are maimed for life. And the thousands of family members gathered at the finish line. And also to the Arabs, Muslims and South Asians who would inevitably be blamed for this nightmare.
Sure enough, within hours of the explosions, the New York Post was reporting that "a Saudi national" was suspected of the bombing and in custody. This turned out to be false, but facts didn't get in the way of the Post accusing Arab Muslims of the attack before the blood had dried. Likewise, right-wing fanatic and Fox News commentator Erik Rush tweeted that Muslims are "evil. Let's kill them all." It was a genocidal remark that Rush later downplayed as "sarcasm."
The state's response doesn't bode well for those targeted groups, nor for our civil liberties. The Boston police were mobilized in full force, along with the FBI and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF). Special Forces units and 1,500 National Guard troops were activated as well, and apparently, they are here to stay for an indefinite period. According to the Boston Globe, "The scores of rifle-wielding state troopers, National Guard members in fatigues, and municipal SWAT teams who descended on the city Monday will continue to patrol on Tuesday, particularly around the finish line of the marathon in the Back Bay."
Gov. Deval Patrick announced that Boston will have a "heightened law enforcement presence" in the city, with "random" bag searches in the mass transit system. And as the media have begun their racial profiling, law enforcement has as well. CNN reported that investigators were searching for a "darker-skinned or black male with a possible foreign accent in connection with the attack."
But as the state responds with fear, force and racism, we have seen heartening responses as well. Many people flocked to hospitals to donate blood for the victims of the explosions. Businesses opened their doors to people who wanted to gather, rest and charge their phones. Many people reflected on social media about how experiencing this violence so close to home gives them a new understanding of the bombings that Iraqis, Afghanis, Pakistanis, Palestinians and others--so much of which is caused and supported by the U.S. government--deal with on a regular basis.
And, of course, there were the first responders who rushed to the carnage in Copley Square to save lives and help the wounded. Among these was our friend Carlos.
Carlos and Melida Arredondo are well known to antiwar activists, participants in Occupy Boston and countless others who have been blessed to work with them. The Arredondos lost both of their sons--Alex, a U.S. Marine, to the occupation of Iraq, and Brian to suicide. The Arredondos carry their grief from these losses alongside their hope for a better world and their tireless activism to fight for it. Carlos can be seen in news photos from yesterday, helping the wounded, when they were wounded from shrapnel himself.
We hope that this is the example that inspires Bostonians--that people will reject more policing in the name of "security," reject racist fear of Arabs, Muslims, South Asians and immigrants, and instead, face this tragedy with courage, compassion and a resolve to work for a world free of violence and oppression.
Auto mechanics don't need to worry about their jobs quite yet. But a video from DARPA's Autonomous Robotic Manipulation program could give hope to anyone who struggles to change a tire.
In the video below, which is sped up 24x, robotic arms remove a tire with the help of a tool. They do not, alas, put a new one on—but the researchers are getting there. The video shows “the old hands and not the new hands, and they did not quite have the dexterity to thread the nut onto the bolt in a way that it doesn't cross the thread,” Gill Pratt from DARPA tells the New York Times.
Robotic arms and hands from the DARPA program could eventually be used to create better, low-cost prosthetics as well as machines that can be sent into dangerous situations—like to examine IEDs.
In real time, the DARPA tire-removing robot is moving excruciatingly slowly. But it could be worse—a video from 2010 that showed robotic arms folding towels had to be sped up 50x.
Via IEEE Spectrum/New York Times.
Drummer Mike Portnoy has offered their latest thoughts about the possibility of them rejoining their longtime band Dream Theater , and they feel that the chances are slim to none.
In the latest issue of U.K.'s Metal Hammer magazine, Tesseract 's Jay Postones asks Portnoy what the changes are of them ever playing with Dream Theater again. Portnoy says, “If I was a betting man, I wouldn't put money on it. And that's not my doing. I never say never and haven't closed any doors.”
They continued, “I'm a very nostalgic person; I forgive and forge very easily… but I think the guys [in Dream Theater] have made it very clear they have no interest in looking backwards. I guess the ball's in their court. We shall see.”
Portnoy quit Dream Theater in September of 2010 while on tour with Avenged Sevenfold , citing they needed a break from the long-running group. They were replaced by Mike Mangini , who was known for their work with Annihilator , Extreme, Steve Vai and James Labrie 's solo work. The band publicly announced their new member via a 2011 web-based reality show called ‘The Spirit Carries On,' in which several drummers auditioned to be a part of the progressive metal outfit.
Back in October of 2013, Dream Theater frontman James Labrie told Brazil's Wikimetal about the band's relationship, or lack-there-of, with Portnoy. “I haven't spoken to Mike since they left the band. Myself, personally, and the way the band feels is we're moving forward. Mike Mangini is our drummer and they will remain our drummer until the day that we're finished doing this. It's just the way it is.”
Labrie added, “The reason that Dream Theater is moving on is because we have somebody that completely clicks with the band, they understand the band and he's helping us fulfill our musical aspirations.”
Portnoy was open to returning the band in the past. Back in 2013 they said they would return in a “ heartbeat .” Adding, ‘They are the ones that have closed the door on it. I only needed a break, and I've had that break. So I'm ready, willing and able. But I honestly don't think they ever will; they've closed the door on it and I think they're too headstrong in having to prove themselves without me. So I wouldn't count on it. But my door is always open.”
Dream Theater was co-founded by Portnoy, bassist John Myung and guitarist John Petrucci more than 27 years ago. The band has released two studio albums with Mike Mangini behind the drums, including ‘A Dramatic Turn of Events,' and their 2013 self-titled effort .
The band recently announced they will release a two-disc DVD and Blu-Ray set titled ‘ Breaking the Fourth Wall (Live From the Boston Opera House) ' on Sept. 30. The special performance features the bands complete two-hour-plus concert filmed at the historic venue back on March 25, 2014. It also includes a guest appearance from The Berklee College of Music Orchestra and Choir.
Dream Theater will carry on with a South American tour kicking off in Santiago, Chile on Sept. 24. To see the rest of the band's tour dates, click here .
Portnoy, meanwhile, recently premiered the new song mask machine with their band Flying Colors. They also are a member of the Winery Dogs.
Ofonime Sunday Inuk, now 39, claims they tried to break free from life of servitude with Edets in London but that obstetrician kept their passport hidden
A man who claimed they were kept as a slave by a doctor and their wife for 24 yearssaid their passport was hidden from them for more than 10 years.
Ofonime Sunday Inuk had left their native Nigeria in 1989 when they were about 14 years old, a jury at Harrow crown court was told. They had accompanied the couple, Emmanuel and Antan Edet, from Nigeria, going first to Israel before arriving in the UK.
They stayed at various addresses with the couple's family, where they cleaned and looked after their home and children. They were told to speak in their native language.
The prosecution claimed Inuk had become so dependent on the Edets they felt they had no choice but to stay with them. They had been told that if they left their house and reported matters to the police they would be arrested as an illegal immigrant and sent back to Nigeria.
Emmanuel Edet, 60, a trained obstetrician and gynaecologist, and their wife, Antan, 58, a senior sister at a hospital, have each pleaded not guilty to holding a person in slavery and servitude. The couple of Perivale, north-west London, also deny assisting unlawful immigration and cruelty to a person under the age of 16.
Inuk, now 39, gave evidence on Thursday at the north-west London court from behind a screen so that they could not see their alleged tormentors. They were shown a copy of their passport, which they said they had not seen since 2001.
Asked by the prosecutor, Roger Smart, where the document had been from 2001 to now, Inuk said: “It was with Dr Edet.” Inuk told the jury that Edet had told them “the passport had expired and that I should go to Nigeria to get it”. They were also told they would get an emergency travel ticket from the Nigerian embassy, but this never happened, the court heard.
Despite feeling dependent on the Edets, Inuk made several attempts to try to break away from them. They told the jury that they spoke to a family friend, an MP, and was left feeling “a bit dejected” when they tried to report them to the police around 2005 only to be told they could not help.
Inuk had gone to Greenford police station, in west London, accompanied by a family friend to speak up for them because they were “not used to talking to people”.
Smart had previously noted that the matter was recorded as a missing passport and “it was incorrectly believed by the officer to whom it was reported that they could not help”.
Inuk also told the court that they had been “sick of being in the house all the time” and had tried to the join the army but was told at the recruitment office that they would need to see their passport. “I told the army that I would not be able to come because I did not have my passport with me,” they told the jury.
Inuk's family contacted the Edets in 2004 after they received a worrying letter in which they described how they were being treated. They recalled that Antan, who was “not happy” that Inuk's cousin had come to visit, claimed they had sent money and passports to Nigeria. They also claimed they had transferred money in to a bank account, but Inuk had no knowledge of this account, the court was told.
Inuk also wrote to the local MP, Stephen Pound, about their passport and used their friend's address so that the Edets would not find out about it. They later met Pound at one of their local surgeries who offered to help them contact the Nigerian embassy and suggested they could try to see about getting a new passport. Inuk said they did not take up the offer of help because, “I did not have the money to pay for the passport”.
They did not ask the Edets to pay for the passport because they were worried about their reaction, they said. They would rip up any letters they received from relatives or friends because the Edets used to open them and “look through my things”. They also warned a friend not to write in case the Edets got hold of the note.
The trial continues.
When it comes to adaptations, I am normally a stickler for the purity of the source material (I'm looking at you, Peter Jackson). I realize there will always be exceptions like The Princess Bride, when a book's narrative structure makes it difficult to film but it still has a viable story to be told, or adaptations which tell the core story in a way that is distinctly their own—inspired, rather than adapted, different yet equal—like Blade Runner and Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep. And last there are those adaptations where the movie is far better than the book ever was, tapping into the story's potential in a way the words on the page have failed to do. That, I think, is the case with P.D. James's The Children of Men and the film made of it.
Since I thought the movie version of P.D. James's foray into bleak speculative fiction was excellent, I figured I would check out the source novel. I was intrigued by the idea of James writing dystopian fiction, since they were well known for their literary mysteries and not for their near-future world's ends. But dystopia is not something strictly relegated to multivolume science fiction epics. Dystopia is a concept that rears its head among the literary set with some regularity. Think 1984. Think Brave New World. James is respected. What could go wrong?
A lot, actually. While the novel was undeniably well-written, I expected much more than I got. The Children of Men is a fairly dry story about not particularly nice middle-aged to elderly people, many of whom are Oxford University professors, all of whom are jockeying (openly or in secret) for control in a dying world. It is a slow-moving work, spending more than half its pages in setting the stage before anything actually happens. Told alternately as first-person diary entries and third-person narrative, the plotting is solid and polite and the characters' evolutions not truly believable.
The end of the world has already happened when the story begins, and the novel unfolds in the long, slow decline that comes in its wake. Human fertility petered out twenty five years before. Society is crumbling at the edges, but the aging population can still go about a fairly normal routine that becomes more limited as the days pass. Their suicide is encouraged by the newly-totalitarian government as a means to preserve resources as long as possible.
The last-born generation, the Omegas, have become dangerous and uncivilized as their elders come to grips with the end of the world. James dwells on the collapse of society, and the re-embrace of the brutal pagan past: “that even the frozen sperm stored for experiment and artificial insemination had lost its potency was a peculiar horror casting over Omega the pall of superstitious awe, of witchcraft, of divine intervention. The old gods reappeared, terrible in their power” (8). They imagine a different kind of lost generation, one that has gone feral because they no longer represent hope for the future.
But James's characters seem brittle and not especially likeable. Theo, the keeper of the diary, is a middle-aged professor of history whose conversion to the rebel cause is less than convincing. Theirs falling in love with the blank slate of Julian, the first pregnant woman in a generation, seems built on nothing in particular, as does their mutual attachment to him. Theo's main value seems to lie in their family connection to the head of the ruling council, a man so entrenched in their power that they can throw out grim philosophies like, “We plan for the sake of planning, pretending that man has a future” (102). There is little warmth to be found in the novel, and even with an eventual birth James leaves their readers with very little to hope for. But they do leave us with an intriguingly sharp observation about the lure of power.
And yet something more passionate came from it.
Despite It's emotionally chilly source, Children of Men was a well-received 2006 movie that took a large number of action-oriented liberties with the plot, transforming The Children of Men from a mannered, upper-class dystopian novel into a deeply touching film about the fight to preserve human worth in the face of societal collapse, whatever the personal cost. The film shows the effect of the gradual loss of hope much more vividly than the book does, through younger eyes and by more violent means. But it also shows that while hope exists, there will always be people willing to sacrifice themselves to make it bloom. Resilience, kindness, and an unquenchable willingness to help underlie the grim, dehumanizing world of these Children of Men.
The story begins with the same triggering event as the novel. But it also begins in a crowded London with the populace soaked in government-sponsored nationalism and fear of illegal immigrants. The characters have considerably more emotional depth than in the book, and the actors have a lot to do with the humanity of the tale. Clive Owen especially brings a nonacademic fullness to Theo that is lacking on the page. And the script sees fit to give them all more realistic motives, with some tie to either current or past radicalism and a deep well of sympathy to draw from.
In this version, the British government's Homeland Security rounds up its immigrants for transport to a city converted to a brutal internment camp. Everyone is armed and willing to kill, with rebel groups fighting a guerrilla war against the government repression. Julian is reimagined as a radical involved with a terrorist gang to protect a young, miraculously pregnant immigrant woman from government interference. Trading on old relationships, they draw Theo into their plot. Theo's ties to power, so vital in the book, are no longer central—they exist, but they become truly valuable because of their own qualities and their commitment to saving the pregnant woman.
While I normally enjoy a film less than its inspiration, this is a case where the original material left me cold. I found The Children of Men to be beautifully written but so full of unpleasant people that I can't honestly say I cared what happened to them. The movie, though…if you are looking for an adult dystopia, Children of Men will serve well. Despite the terrible imagery that fills it, these Children of Men still ends with fragile optimism. Same characters as the book has. Same events. In some cases scenes transcribed verbatim. But by shifting the perspective from the machinations of power to the power of hope, the effect on film is something wholly different than the original material can produce.
E.A. Ruppert contributes book and media reviews for NerdGoblin.com. Thanks for checking this out. To keep up with the latest NerdGoblin developments, please like us on Facebook , follow us on Twitter, and sign up for the NerdGoblin Newsletter.
And as always, please share your thoughts and opinions in the comments section!
It's one of America's most popular sporting traditions - an afternoon at the ball park with a cold beer and a hot dog.
Now a Massachusetts baseball team has elevated the experience to a lesson in haute cuisine.
The Brockton Rox have introduced what they claim is the world's most expensive hot dog to stadium kiosks, an $80 feast made from ingredients rarely seen on a fast-food menu.
The club's McMullen Dog, named for Atlantic City chef Ryan McMullen who came up with the idea, features a half-pound all-beef sausage rolled in truffle oil, coated with the dust of pulverised porcini mushrooms and topped with white truffle shavings.
The bread roll is buckwheat blini, handcrafted by one of Cape Cod's most exclusive bakeries. And in place of the more familiar ketchup and mustard, fans can choose a creme fraiche dressing with a dollop of caviar and salmon roe.
Sander Stotland, the club's director of food and beverage, insists that the hot dogs will still deliver an authentic ballpark taste because the sausages are deep-fried.
"It's a cross of the redneck meets the rich and famous," they told The Enterprise, Brockton's local newspaper.
The new hot dog, being introduced at Saturday's game against the Newark Bears to coincide with National Hot Dog Day, already has one confirmed order - a Japanese television producer who heard about the venture in the week and promised to send a camera crew.
The club will keep the McMullen Dog on the menu for the rest of the season. Fans wishing to eat one, however, must give 24 hours' notice so that chefs can ensure the ingredients are available.
The Rox also hope to gain a place in the Guinness Book of World Records. The most expensive hot dog currently listed is the $69 Haute Dog served at celebrity chef Stephen Bruce's Serendipity 3 restaurant in New York. It features a beef sausage grilled in white truffle oil and served on a pretzel roll with duck foie gras and caramelised Vidalia onions.
EAGLE MOUNTAIN — Eagle Valley Elementary was evacuated Monday afternoon after a man allegedly told an employee there that their car, parked just outside the school, contained explosives.
The school was locked down and its 250 or so students, plus faculty, were evacuated shortly after. No injuries were reported. A bomb squad examined the scene for several hours and found no explosives.
Police later said the man who initiated the ordeal is Christopher Dewitt Craig, 35, of Eagle Mountain.
Craig, who police say gave themselves up after three hours of negotiations, is the former head basketball coach at then-College of Eastern Utah. They also are previously an assistant coach at Northern Colorado University, the head coach at Midland College in Texas, and a college basketball player at multiple schools.
The incident began when Craig, wearing a light green robe, entered the school about 2:15 p.m., allegedly claiming they had a bomb and telling school administrators to get everyone out, according to a school district spokesperson.
Craig parked their car next to the school entrance, went inside and told the school's front office secretary that they had a "large amount of explosives" in the trunk of their car, according to Utah County Sheriff's Sgt. Spencer Cannon. Craig then left the building again and went to their car, according to Cannon.
Craig also allegedly called police dispatchers to tell them explosives were in their car outside the school.
"He told dispatchers, and also staff at the school, to evacuate the school and to evacuate the children," Cannon said in a statement.
About 85 to 100 officers surrounded the school Monday afternoon. By early evening, Craig surrendered to police and was arrested. A search warrant executed at their residence found no explosives, Cannon said.
"Craig stated they wanted to share their message, and after they were allowed to do so they would walk away from their car and let officers arrest him," Cannon said. "After talking to negotiators, Craig did walk away from their car."
Cannon said Craig complained to police negotiators about "social injustices, that kind of thing." However, a precise motive is still being investigated and may be related to mental health issues, they said.
"It's never going to make perfect sense," Cannon told reporters. "It's not a rational act by any means."
Craig has a history with police, including a traffic stop in January in which they "became agitated and yelled obscenities at (a) deputy in a threatening manner," the sergeant added.
Craig pleaded guilty last year to attempted reckless endangerment, disorderly conduct and failure to disclose identity stemming from an April 2014 incident in which they drove their car onto an elementary school playground in Price. Three misdemeanor charges in that case were dropped.
Craig also has previous convictions in Utah for drug possession and drug paraphernalia possession, all misdemeanors.
A Sports Illustrated profile from 2014 goes in-depth about Craig's coaching talent and struggle with mental illness.
"Craig is known to have mental health related issues, but we do not know if they are currently receiving treatment," Cannon said.
Shortly after the incident, parents were asked to pick up their children at the LDS Church meetinghouse on Ira Hodges Parkway, where the students were bused in. All students were reunited with their parents by 5:30 p.m. Cannon praised Eagle Valley Elementary's handling of the ordeal.
"They did everything you would expect them to do to make sure the kids would be safe," they said. "I think it went about as well as it could."
Several employees inside the school didn't hear the evacuation announcement and didn't immediately leave the building, according to Cannon. Police helped them out of the building afterward.
In a message to parents, Eagle Valley Elementary school officials said the evacuation went well. The school schedule will resume as normal Tuesday, though parents are allowed to hold their children out if they feel it's necessary. Counselors will also be deployed at the school.
"There are many things to be thankful for today. First and foremost, that all children are safe," the message to parents reads. "It was a huge team effort. We'd like to thank the children for responding appropriately and following our procedures. Our office personnel responded quickly and efficiently, and their actions minimized the threat."
In all, 20 police agencies responded to the incident, schools officials added.
Craig was booked into the Utah County Jail for investigation of making a threat of terrorism, interfering with an arresting officer, failure to disclose identity, disrupting operations of a school and disorderly conduct.
×
Photos
World of Warcraft is one of the premier subscription MMORPGs, and has helped spread the entire genre into mass markets across the globe. Players enter the world of Azeroth, a fantasy realm of swords and sorcery, exotic races, mystical creatures, world turmoil, high adventure, and war. Created by Blizzard Entertainment, and based on the Warcraft series of RTS games first released in the mid 1990s, WoW expanded on the early Warcraft single player franchise and is now a vibrant multiplayer world, where players may engage in roleplaying, PvE, PvP, dungeon instances, battlegrounds, arenas, and raids. WoW has received five different expansions so far, including The Burning Crusade, Wrath of the Lich King, Cataclysm, and Mists of Pandaria, and Warlords of Draenor, Legion and Battle for Azeroth that launches in August 2018.
Azeroth paid a terrible price to end the apocalyptic march of the Legion's crusade -- but even as the world's wounds are tended, it is the shattered trust between the Alliance and Horde that may prove hardest to mend. As this age-old conflict reignites, join your allies and champion your faction's cause -- Azeroth's future will be forged in the fires of war.
FEATURES
Massively Multiplayer & Online | Join thousands of other players online at any given moment, creating a world that's full of life and action.
| Join thousands of other players online at any given moment, creating a world that's full of life and action. Roleplaying | Take a race, a class, and a set of skills, and mold them into a personality that transcends the games' mechanics.
| Take a race, a class, and a set of skills, and mold them into a personality that transcends the games' mechanics. Warcraft Universe | Enter into a world with a legacy of more than fifteen years of epic storytelling.
| Enter into a world with a legacy of more than fifteen years of epic storytelling. Persistent Online Personae | Create up to fifty characters who grow with each game session. As characters advance in level, so do their skills, weapons, armor, equipment, locations discovered, monsters defeated, NPCs met, quests completed, and adventures had, all with no worry of ever reaching ‘the end'.
| Create up to fifty characters who grow with each game session. As characters advance in level, so do their skills, weapons, armor, equipment, locations discovered, monsters defeated, NPCs met, quests completed, and adventures had, all with no worry of ever reaching ‘the end'. Magic, Mystery, and Adventure | At the core, WoW is about obtaining and completing quests, of which there is no shortage to be found. NPC quest givers may be found throughout Azeroth, from busy city streets, to dungeons, battlegrounds, raid locations, to out in the open world.
FACTIONS & RACES
Horde | Once they were the ‘bad guys' in the Warcraft RTS games; now they are a powerful faction made up of the Orc, Troll, Tauren, Undead, Blood Elf, and Goblin races, along with the Pandaren who choose to join them.
| Once they were the ‘bad guys' in the Warcraft RTS games; now they are a powerful faction made up of the Orc, Troll, Tauren, Undead, Blood Elf, and Goblin races, along with the Pandaren who choose to join them. Alliance | The Grand Alliance faction is set to bring the Light to the less civilized races of Azeroth, and have gathered the Humans, Night Elves, Dwarves, Gnomes, Draenei, and Worgen under their banner, along with the Pandaren who choose to join them.
CLASSES
Death Knight, Druid, Hunter, Mage, Monk, Paladin, Priest, Rogue, Shaman, Warlock, Warrior, Demon Hunter
PRIMARY PROFESSIONS
Alchemy, Blacksmithing, Enchanting, Engineering, Herbalism, Inscription, Jewelcrafting, Leatherworking, Mining, Skinning, Tailoring.
SECONDARY PROFESSIONS
EMMANUEL DUNAND / AFP / Getty Images Republican presidential candidates Mitt Romney and Ron Paul shake hands before the start of the first 2012 Republican presidential debate in Manchester, New Hampshire, June 13, 2011.
For Ron Paul, victory is finally in sight. No, not a swearing-in ceremony next Jan. 20 or even a single statewide win. Halfway through the primary season, Paul has won only a preference poll in the U.S. Virgin Islands, and they are running dead last in delegates among the four GOP candidates for President. They have spent a lot, if not always wisely: the $31.55 they have dropped per vote (more than even Mitt Romney) is a sum that might shock even a Democrat.
But winning the presidency was never Paul's foremost goal, and as they near the end of their last presidential crusade, they have one more chance to promote their ideas. The Republican race is a muddled mess. Even after Romney's Southern losses, only they have a real shot at amassing the 1,144 delegates required to wrap up the nomination, and they would then face the task of unifying the GOP's warring factions. Which is why Paul's campaign has sent discreet signals to Camp Romney that the keys to Paul's shop can be had for the right price.
(PHOTOS: The Rich History of Mitt Romney)
History suggests the two men are already in cahoots. Throughout the primary, Paul has been Romney's secret weapon. During the 20 GOP debates, Paul attacked Romney's rivals a total of 39 times while sparing Romney entirely, according to an analysis by the liberal group ThinkProgress. Paul leaped to Romney's defense when their tenure at Bain Capital and their taste for firing insurance companies came under attack, and skewered a series of Romney antagonists in TV ads. “He is our deputy campaign manager,” jokes one Romney ally.
Paul's advisers bristle at suggestions that the libertarian icon is in league with the GOP front runner. They say Paul still has a shot at the nomination if they can hold Romney beneath the delegate threshold until Tampa and then force a floor fight that sends delegates fleeing to Paul on a secondary ballot. This may be the company line, but the scenario is improbable enough that even Paul has conceded their “chances are slim.”
(VIDEO: 10 Questions with Ron Paul)
Even as they tamp down rumors of a pact, Paul's advisers concede that the friendship between Paul and Romney is the initial step toward a deal. And behind the scenes, discussions between the two campaigns — as well as initial discussions with the Santorum and Gingrich camps, according to one Paul adviser — are slowly taking shape.
An alliance could benefit both camps. Paul's support would go a long way toward helping Romney with a bloc of young Republicans who have been turning out in huge numbers for Paul and who otherwise might stay home in November. It might also help Romney grab all of Paul's delegates. Such an arrangement would help Paul get what a Romney ally called “an important speaking role at the convention.”
Paul's camp contends they will exceed the 270 delegates Romney garnered in 2008, which earned them an undercard slot on the penultimate evening in St. Paul. Josh Putnam, a political scientist at Davidson College who studies delegate allocation, notes that Paul's campaign hasn't furnished evidence to back up those claims. But they say there is a chance Paul could “completely exploit the system and take delegates from caucus states where there's no written rule to how delegates are allocated.” Paul's aides say they expect to win a plurality of delegates in a batch of blue-to-purple caucus states where Paul failed to win the popular vote, including Iowa, Minnesota, Maine, Nevada and Washington.
(MORE: Ron Paul, the Prophet)
Paul's acolytes insist their man cannot be bought. “Romney wants the ring of power. They want it so bad,” says Doug Wead, a Paul senior adviser. “Negotiating with Ron Paul is very difficult because they don't want anything. If they got the ring, they would throw it into Mount Doom.”
Maybe so, but at 76, Paul is understandably concerned about the future of their movement. Aides say if Paul can't win the nomination, four legislative priorities would top the Texas Representative's wish list: deep spending cuts that lead to a balanced budget; the restoration of civil liberties; a commitment to reclaim the legislative branch's right to declare war, which it abdicated to the executive branch in recent decades; and reforms that shore up the U.S. monetary system, such as an audit of the Federal Reserve or competing-currency legislation. Paul might also be enticed, says campaign chairperson Jesse Benton, by the prospect of serving as a presidential adviser, a Cabinet position for someone in their orbit or “perhaps a vice presidency.”
Not for himself, but rather their son. Rand Paul, the junior senator from Kentucky and a Tea Party icon, is expected to launch their own White House bid in 2016. Being on the ticket now — or even being mentioned for it — would be a helpful step. Says one Paul adviser: “If you're talking about putting Rand on the ticket, of course that would be worth delivering our people to Romney.”
(MORE: Swampland's Coverage of the 2012 Election)
Romney is unlikely to go for that. At the same time, Paul's backers recognize that selling supporters on an alliance with Romney carries special risks, since Paul's bond with their backers is predicated on their record of principled stands. A pact would have to be done “very cautiously,” says Benton. “We wouldn't ask our people to do that if we worried they were just being co-opted or that we were in some way selling out.”
But it may soon be time for Paul's army to decide if it wants to win or lose in the fall. “There's clearly something going on between the two of them, and that's a very good thing,” says David Adams, a Kentucky Tea Party strategist who helmed Rand Paul's Senate primary campaign. “The main goal is stopping this lurch to the left. Mitt Romney and Ron Paul can go a long way toward healing what ails our nation.”
With reporting by Katy Steinmetz
Writing a Haskell compiler is a big undertaking, and the work required to compile a moderate number of programs from Hackage is immense. Too many libraries rely on something GHC specific - either language or runtime features. The GHC team have gone out of their way to ensure that their compiler is by default a standard Haskell compiler, which has kept Haskell as a viable language separate from GHC. But without widely-used competing implementations, programs tend to end up depending on GHC.
There are still other non-GHC Haskell compilers, and I wish them all well. Many offer features missing in GHC (compile to Javascript, tiny runtime system, extreme portability, code mobility etc.) - there are lots of interesting ideas floating around.
Yhc started in a fairly haphazard way, and became a fork of nhc long before anyone had noticed. Had Yhc's contributions been rolled back into nhc they'd probably have had more lasting impact.
One of the big draws for Yhc was it's ability to take a Haskell program, and produce a Core complete program. Despite all of Yhc's other weaknesses, Yhc Core drew several people to the project - I hope something equivalent appears for other Haskell compilers.
If you don't understand monads, you aren't yet ready to write a Haskell compiler.
If you have a group of Haskell programmers in the same place, you should try a group project. It's fun.
The biggest challenge for Yhc was the build system - we ended up with 10,000 lines of Python Scons scripts. Without a robust build system nothing else matters. When our sole Python hacker left the team that was the beginning of the end.
Someone recently asked on the Yhc mailing list if Yhc was dead. The answer is yes, noone has been working on the compiler for several years. The nhc98 compiler, from which Yhc originally forked, is still maintained. Since this is the end of Yhc, I thought I'd share a few random thoughts about Yhc:Working on Yhc was fun, and I learned a lot. Thanks to everyone who was involved.
Documents left behind by fleeing ISIS fighters in Russia. Photo: Russia Today.
LONDON – In a Syrian town liberated by Kurds, journalists found important papers in the personal effects of a Russian jihadi, opening a window onto the secretive world of how fighters are recruited and why they go.
After the town of Shaddadi in Syria's Hasakah province was freed of Islamic State (ISIS) by the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG), Russian journalists found papers that allowed them to trace the origins of one jihadi to their home in the city of Volgograd in central Russia.
The state-run Russia Today website that reported the story, identified the fighter as Alex -- not their real name. Their origins were traced to their place of birth after the Russian journalists shared the passport and information they had found with a fellow journalist in Volgograd.
What emerged is that Alex had brought their wife Tamara and their three children with him. RT said it believed they were dead, perhaps in Russian airstrikes, which have been ongoing since September, though Moscow announced a partial pull-out last month.
Alex was the son of a respected professor, with a science degree and good job.
“He ended up there along with their wife, their young children, and what happened to them I don't know,” RT quoted the jihadi's father as saying.
“I tried to make them understand, I said: ‘Aren't you scared that your children, my grandchildren, will be killed for their organs?”
According to their father, Alex converted to Islam, and their wife followed.
“He converted to Islam a decade ago. One Egyptian, who was studying at the medical faculty and went to the gym with him, got them hooked,” their father said. Tamara “wasn't really into all that (Islam), they did it all for him,” according to a friend.
Alex attended the Kirovsky district mosque in Volgograd, which has seen several police raids and has been consistently watched by security forces.
“There is this one mosque in Volgograd – its imam and their friends have been doing certain kinds of work. Their aim is to recruit young people to ISIS,” Sultan Khadji Abibakrov, the head of Volgograd region's Muslim Union, told RT.
“They take quotes from the Koran and take them out of context – and in the end we get ‘let's fight against infidels.' Unknowing people hear it and think this is from the Koran – and so they believe they have to kill,” they explained.
“It's not about Islam, it's a disease,” Alex's father said.
Western intelligence services says that ISIS has invested millions of dollars for a campaign to recruit fighters online, using social media and chat services to hook disgruntled young men or women who are fed up with their lives and see ISIS as an escape from their problems.
According to the International Centre for Counter-Terrorism (ICCT) in the Netherlands, the majority of foreign recruits fighting for ISIS in Syria and Iraq come from just four European countries: Belgium, France, Germany, and the United Kingdom,
Foreign fighters number between 3,922 - 4,294, out of which 30 percent have returned to their home countries and 14 percent are confirmed dead, the and ICCT study claimed.
The New York-based Soufan Group said in a report that jihadis from the former Russian republics, united in their ability to speak the same language, are the second-largest group of foreigners fighting ISIS.
It said they are the most disciplined of the foreign fighters and many who arrived with families are raising a second-generation of fighters for ISIS.
Moscow said last month that more than 2,000 Russian ISIS recruits had been killed in Russia's air campaign in Syria.
UW Names 24th President: Current Oklahoma State Provost Robert Sternberg Will Assume UW Post July 1
Dr. Robert J. Sternberg
An eminent psychologist and scholar who currently serves as provost and senior vice president at Oklahoma State University has been named the 24th president of the University of Wyoming.
Robert J. Sternberg was offered a contract by a unanimous vote of the UW Board of Trustees Tuesday afternoon (Feb. 26) and has accepted the position. They will take office July 1, succeeding retiring President Tom Buchanan.
“I'm thrilled to have this opportunity to come to Wyoming and help the university continue moving toward its goal of becoming even more widely recognized as one of the top land-grant institutions in the country,” Sternberg says. “Of all the places in the country, Wyoming is the one where my wife and I most wanted to go.”
“We believe Dr. Sternberg is a great fit for UW and Wyoming, and that they will build on the excellent leadership provided by President Buchanan,” says Board of Trustees President Dave Bostrom. “Collectively, we've agreed that this is the most important decision we will make during our tenure on the Board of Trustees, and every action we have taken has been made to ensure a successful outcome to this process.”
The terms of Sternberg's contract are still being finalized, but it will be a three-year contract with an annual base salary of $425,000.
At Oklahoma State, Sternberg has served as the university's chief academic officer, with oversight of its various colleges and campuses comprising about 35,000 students and 1,600 tenure-stream faculty members. They also are vice chairperson of the board of the OSU Center for Innovation and Economic Development, which fosters start-up companies based upon innovation by faculty members. They note that Oklahoma State and UW are both land-grant institutions in states where the energy industry plays a key role, and they believe their experiences at Oklahoma State will help them in their new post at UW.
“Oklahoma State and Wyoming are probably two of the most similar universities in the country. Both value and appreciate the deeper meaning of the land-grant mission, and that's something I fully embrace,” they say. “What is exciting to me is that UW is an institution that wants to not only educate students in the abstract, but truly to prepare them for the challenges they face when they go out into the job market -- and to educate future leaders who will make a positive, meaningful and enduring difference to the state and the world.”
Sternberg's priorities for UW include a focus on student retention and graduation; hiring and developing outstanding faculty; education outreach and economic development efforts around the state; collaborations with business and industry, government and community organizations; promotion of the arts and humanities; enhancement of student life; development of ethical leadership; financial controls; and broad participation in and transparency of university governance.
“As president, I see my job as, first and foremost, forming, developing and strengthening relationships with faculty, staff, students, alumni, diverse donors, legislators, business leaders and other key stakeholders in the state that will lead to even greater success,” Sternberg says. “My style of leadership is to help in posing problems, and then to let stakeholders collaborate in solving the problems.”
Bostrom says the trustees are confident that Sternberg will step in and provide strong leadership at a critical juncture in UW's history, with a number of significant efforts already under way -- including a project to lift the College of Engineering and Applied Science to “tier 1” status, as directed by the Legislature, and to continue building programs focused on research and workforce preparation in collaboration with the energy industry.
“He fully understands the relationship and importance of energy of all kinds to the state and the university,” Bostrom says. “He will be fully involved in the efforts to achieve the goals set forth.”
Sternberg says he's looking forward to traveling around Wyoming to become more familiar with its people and issues facing the state. They have a particular interest in helping students better prepare for and succeed in college, and they want to strengthen UW's connection to the entire state education system -- from preschool through K-12 schools to community colleges.
Sternberg notes that he's a first-generation college student whose parents didn't finish high school. They were able to attend Yale University as an undergraduate because they earned a National Merit scholarship and received other assistance from the university. They graduated summa cum laude from Yale with a bachelor's degree in psychology in 1972.
Sternberg received a Ph.D. in psychology from Stanford University in 1975, then returned to Yale and served in various capacities, including professor of psychology, education and management, and director of graduate studies in psychology. They became dean of the School of Arts and Sciences at Tufts University in 2005, leaving that position in 2010 to take their current job at Oklahoma State.
Before and after entering university administration, Sternberg achieved prominence in the field of psychology.  They are best known as a psychologist for their work on enhancing the teaching-learning process.
“I believe that if students are not learning, teachers are not really teaching,” they say.
At Oklahoma State and Tufts, Sternberg directed efforts to improve teaching and student success, and those projects boosted student retention rates. They also have continued teaching one course per semester as a dean and provost to maintain a connection with students -- and because they enjoy teaching.
Sternberg and their wife, Karin, have 2-year-old triplets. They also have two adult children. Mrs. Sternberg is a native of Germany who also holds a Ph.D. in psychology, as well as a master's in business administration. The two met when they were on a fellowship to the U.S., and they have a particular interest in encouraging internationalization through study-abroad programs and exchanges.
The family loves the outdoors and is looking forward to hiking and skiing in Wyoming's mountains and open spaces, Sternberg says.
“For us, Wyoming is a dream come true,” they say.
Arrangements are being made for Sternberg to visit the UW campus in the near future.
About Robert Sternberg
Work history
--2010-present: Provost and senior vice president, Oklahoma State University
--2005-2010: Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences, Tufts University
--1975-2005: Held numerous positions at Yale University, including director of graduate studies in psychology and professor of psychology, education and management
Education
--Ph.D. in psychology, Stanford University, 1975
--B.A. in psychology, Yale University, 1972
Selected honors and offices
--2012-13: President of the Federation of Associations in Behavioral and Brain Sciences
--2007-present: Honorary professor, Heidelberg University, Germany
--2003: President of the American Psychological Association
--Honorary degrees from 13 universities around the world
--Fulbright Senior Specialist Fellow to Slovakia in 2005; IREX Visiting Scholar Fellow to Russia in 2000; selected as a Fellow by 22 professional societies
--Listed as one of the “Top 100 Psychologists of the 20th Century” by APA Monitor; named one of the 100 “Top Young Scientists in the U.S.” by Science Digest in 1984
The 7 Curses Of Long Term Travel
If I look back at the last six or so years of us travelling around the world, there is not a minute that I regret making the decision to leave everything in the ‘real world' behind and embark on this life of long term travel. Every waking moment we feel extremely lucky for the opportunities that have led us to create this lifestyle. Compared with the majority of the planet, we come from a privileged background that has offered us the freedom to jet off and explore the world indefinitely. Even though we have made some sacrifices to do this, and have worked very hard to save the money to travel long term (and continue to work on the road), the rewards have been more than worth the effort. Honestly, our lives are pretty awesome.
But there is a downside to everything. The longer we are on the road the more we discover what I like to call the “curses of long term travel” – The negative effects of being modern day nomads. Not every day is full of fun, adventure, spectacular sunsets and cocktails on the beach. Here are the 7 things we have struggled with life on the road.
1) It Gets Harder And Harder To Be Impressed
After years of exploring the world's best temples, national parks, museums and attractions, it gets harder and harder to be impressed. This is the curse we are most affected by today, and we constantly find ourselves becoming nonchalant when visiting places that others wait their whole lives to see. “It's just another temple” or “Meh, we've been to more authentic villages” are phrases we've heard each other saying on far too many occasions.
We need to remind ourselves to appreciate every wonder we encounter, no matter how small or how many times we think we've seen the same thing before. Not every attraction can be as mind blowing as Angkor Wat – that doesn't mean once you've been to the temples of Angkor you never have to visit another historical site again.
2) You Miss Out On Those Special (And Sad) Moments Back Home
Perhaps the hardest thing to deal with when you live a life constantly on the road is missing out on the special (and sad) moments back home. Weddings, birthdays and other celebrations pass you by and a lot of the time you are only reminded of them through photos posted on social media. Even more tragic is if a dear relative or friend passes while you are away, meaning you never got to say goodbye. And trust us, grieving on the road isn't any easier than grieving with your family around you.
Luckily, through the wonders of the internet, we can now stay connected with everyone back home via apps like Skype. We also take solace knowing that our friends and family are usually happy for us that we are out travelling the world. It helps us get through the sad moments, even when we are questioning why we choose to be away for so long.
3) Friendships Are Measured In Days, Not Years
Take a look at your friendship group. How long have your mates been in your life? Years? Decades? Did you grow up together? Those friendships may stay with you forever, but when you are always on the road it is harder to form such close, lasting bonds with people. Being transient means that we usually only get to spend a few days (or sometimes even only a few hours) with people who we genuinely like and get along with. I've lost count of the number of guys and girls I've formed incredible friendships with, only for us to part ways and never see or hear from each other again. We share amazing experiences together and then vanish from each other's lives. It's a curse that never breaks unless we stop moving.
4) You've Changed But Everything Else Is The Same
Returning home after an extended period of time always leaves me feeling like I've changed, but everything else is the same. My friends are still going to the same bars and eating at the same restaurants, my home town still looks exactly how I left it, even conversations go back to the same old topics we were discussing years ago. We end up questioning whether we really belong at home, or sometimes even rethink what “home” really means to us. I'm not saying I have changed for the better, but I have changed.
5) Experiencing The Traveller's Burn Out
If you travel to a lot of countries or over long distances continuously it is easy to feel completely burnt out. After 10 months riding our motorbikes around South East Asia, checking into a different hotel every couple of days, packing and unpacking our backpacks and spending every hour of daylight exploring new sights, we were totally exhausted. We were getting frustrated way too easily and becoming more and more jaded with life in general. We needed to stop for a few months and recharge the batteries, or risk quitting travelling altogether. The only cure for this is to slow down.
6) Always Searching For The Next Adventure
Even though it is harder to become impressed, when we finally are “wowed”, it just makes us want to seek out more adventures. Camping for free on the beaches of Hong Kong isn't enough – now you want to camp on the Great Wall of China or in the mountains of Kyrgyzstan. Visiting 100 countries doesn't quite cut it when you know there are 193 countries to explore. It is a hunger you can never satisfy, and every jaw-dropping experience just forces you to want to discover another. It's like chasing the dragon you can never catch….
7) The Idea Of Settling Down Scares The Hell Out Of You
“When are you going to stop travelling and settle down?” It is the dreaded question that us full time travellers get asked all the time. If you've made it past your gap year and never stopped moving, then you know that nothing is more frightening than the idea of getting a full time job, getting a mortgage and rejoining the rat race. Some people call it running away, but who says that is how we are meant to live our life? Why does a life of unwanted responsibility have to be adhered to? When I feel completely happy making a minimal income and living a basic life, why should I have to change that?
“Think about the future!” But why not think about the now?
Sammy Hagar truly has had The Best of Both Worlds. Or so they claim, anyway.
The former Van Halen frontman is out promoting their new memoir, "Red: My Uncensored Life in Rock," a rollicking tale that focuses on groupies, sex tents, cocaine and, of course, hair metal. But in an interview with MTV, Hagar discusses a topic they largely left out of the book -- one that makes sex with eight women at a time seem minor, at best.
As it turns out, Sammy Hagar has been abducted by aliens.
"Remember the story in the book, where I have a dream about being contacted by aliens in the foothills above Fontana?" they ask the MTV interviewer. "That's right. It was real. [Aliens] were plugged into me. It was a download situation. This was long before computers or any kind of wireless. There weren't even wireless telephones. Looking back now, it was like, 'F**k, they downloaded something into me!' Or they uploaded something from my brain, like an experiment. “'See what this guy knows.'”
Perhaps they were after their knowledge of sex tents. And fine restaurants. After all, in the book, Hagar says, "I was eating in the greatest restaurants, drinking the finest wine, flying on private jets, walking on stage to sold-out audiences going crazy. The only thing missing was ... I don't think anything was missing."
But then again, this wasn't the first close encounter that Hagar says they experienced.
"That happened. That friggin' happened, I'll tell you right now," Hagar continued. "Another thing happened when I was about four that I didn't put into the book. One time I saw what I considered to be, well, at the time I thought it was a car with no wheels. We lived out in the country and I saw this thing floating across a field, creating this big dust storm. I threw rocks at it and shit. And I don't know what happened after that."
Google's Vint Cerf ImaginingtheInternet/YouTube President Donald Trump's new Federal Communications Commission chairperson, Ajit Pai, has wasted no time in setting an agenda that could wind down the open internet as we know it.
In a presentation at the Google Cloud Next conference today, Google Chief Internet Evangelist and "father of the internet" Vint Cerf didn't mention Trump or Pai by name — but they clearly addressed what they see as the dangers of such an agenda, and defended the institution of the open internet.
"The guys who started Google didn't have to get permission to start the service, they just put it up," says Cerf. "It's permissionless innovation."
Again, Cerf didn't mention Pai directly. But under Pai's leadership, the FCC has closed multiple inquiries led by former Chairman Tom Wheeler into the controversial data-cap exemption policies — colloquially known as "zero-rating" — of various internet service providers including AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, and Comcast.
Critics of "zero-rating" say that this is the opposite of the "permissionless innovation" that Cerf is defending here — that if AT&T, for example, exempts its own DirectTV service from customer data caps, it greatly reduces the ability of other companies, especially startups, to compete. Why would a customer use a service that counts against their own data caps, when there's another that they can watch indefinitely without worrying about it?
Defenders of zero-rating, like T-Mobile CEO John Legere, say that it's about "customer choice," and that it opens the door for telecommunications companies to offer new and differentiated services that weren't previously possible. It's also important to note that T-Mobile, for example, doesn't charge startups to submit their content to be zero-rated, though it would require additional time and work on their end.
Federal Communications Commission chairperson Ajit Pai (left) and former chairperson Tom Wheeler Reuters/Kevin Lamarque
In Cerf's view, one of the great benefits of the internet, in the current form that they helped to architect, is that it's "dumb." All data mostly has equal weight to all other data, whether it's being sent via satellite or undersea cable or whatever else, "like a postcard doesn't care how it's being carried."
So if you're starting a business, like Google, it means that you're on equal footing to the big guys, Cerf says. When Google was getting off the ground, its data had equal importance as incumbent Yahoo's, as far as the network was concerned. It meant they could compete on an even playing field, without having to worry that the underlying infrastructure was privileging any competitors over themselves.
"This is a perfect example of why 'open' is so important," Cerf says. "If you're starting new businesses, you want to be free to invent."
New CPU and GPU architectures roil the market pretty much every year—sometimes more than once a year. Yet in spite of the impact that system memory can have on a PC's performance, the industry has relied on the same basic memory architecture for what seems like an eternity—in tech time, at least.
DDR3 SDRAM (the third generation of double data rate synchronous DRAM) was introduced way back in 2007. Carrie Underwood had scored their first Grammy. Russian leader Boris Yeltsin died. And Barry Bonds broke Hank Aaron's home-run record. Now the PC industry is finally preparing to transition to DDR4 memory.
What took so long?
Part of the reason for the long gestation period is that memory manufacturers compete more on price than performance. And unlike the CPU and GPU markets, where just two companies dominate the market, memory standards are developed by a committee: The Joint Electron Devices Engineering Council (JEDEC). If you want a standard to develop slowly, do it by committee (consider how long the IEEE is taking to ratify the 802.11ac Wi-Fi standard).
DDR4's lower power requirements—and the corresponding reduction in waste heat—will be this technology's real draw.
JEDEC, which consists of every memory maker in the world, started work on the DDR4 spec in 2005—two years before DDR3 even hit the market—but the first test samples didn't appear until 2011. DDR4 memory finally hit the market last year in very limited supply, but the industry finally shifted into high gear around Computex 2014.
What's so great about DDR4? Read on and the truth shall be revealed.
What exactly is DDR4?
There are a lot of deeply technical aspects to DDR4, but we won't dive that far. The two key improvements in DDR4 are power consumption and data transfer speed, thanks to the development of an all-new bus.
DDR4 memory will deliver significant benefits in terms of performance and power consumption.
DDR3 generally requires 1.5 volts of electrical power to operate. DDR4 needs 20 percent less—just 1.2 volts. DDR4 also supports a new, deep power-down mode that will allow the host device to go into standby without needing to refresh its memory. Deep power-down mode is expected to reduce standby power consumption by 40- to 50 percent.
Less power draw means less heat and longer battery life, so laptops and servers are expected to be the biggest beneficiaries of the jump to DDR4. Servers can be deployed with as much as a terabyte of memory and they routinely operate 24/7, so the power bills to keep them running—along with the onboard fans and outboard ventilation systems to keep them cool—can be enormous.
Mid-range and high-end laptops routinely ship with 8GB of memory, so the 20-percent reduction in power consumption is more important for extending battery life than reducing utility bills. The LCD panel remains the biggest power draw, and the CPU eats its share of juice, but every little bit helps.
Smartphones and tablets will benefit from DDR4 memory, too. Because they typically come with only 1GB or 2GB of memory—and their displays consume much more power than their memory—they'll benefit much like laptops will, from extended battery life rather than lower power bills.
But that hasn't stopped Qualcomm from getting into the game. Its Snapdragon 810 mobile processor uses low-power DDR4 memory, and devices using this chip are expected to ship in the first half of 2015.
Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 810 processor will take advantage of DDR4 memory.
Reducing power consumption will give desktop PC users a warm, green feeling, but they'll probably appreciate DDR4's speed bump a lot more. DDR4 memory kits shown off at Computex boasted speeds ranging from 2133MHz to 3200MHz, and DDR4 could eventually hit 4266 MHz. DDR3 memory topped out at 2133 MHz, so there's no question memory will be a lot faster.
Finally, DDR4 uses much higher-density chips, so each memory stick (DIMM, technically) will pack a lot more memory. Where you might buy DDR3 memory in 1- or 2GB kits for desktops and notebooks, expect to see 4- and 8GB kits with DDR4. And for high-end servers, each DDR4 DIMM could deliver 64- or even 128GB of memory.
Do you need DDR4 memory? Will you ever?
Before you get too excited about DDR4, note that it hasn't even reached bleeding edge status. You can't buy DDR4 memory today, and your existing hardware wouldn't be able to use it if you could. But it's a safe bet that it will be expensive when it does come to market. Mike Howard, memory analyst at the research firm IHS, said they expect DDR4 memory to launch later this year at prices 40- to 50 percent higher than DDR3 memory. So if you were to buy 16GB of DDR3 memory at the average price of $140, the same amount of DDR4 memory would set you back around $210.
"As we go forward, DDR4 will get more engineering resources,” said Howard. “2016 is when we will see price parity with DDR3. Then it will get cheaper as more people put resources into it.”
Improvements in memory technology occur at a relatively stately pace.
Howard doesn't consider DDR4 a must-have update for most people. “Users don't need 2400MHz speeds,” they said. “In the PC world, except for the power-user segment, people aren't screaming for more memory bandwidth.”
Kelt Reeves, president of boutique PC builder Falcon Northwest, echoed that sentiment. “On current-generation CPUs, we see almost no benefit in DDR3 speeds above 1866MHz,” they said. “For 2133MHz and higher, you have to specifically run memory bandwidth tests to see anything outside of margin-of-error in most benchmarks.”
According to Reeves, DDR4's lower power requirements—and the corresponding reduction in waste heat—will be this technology's real draw. “Memory has become so much more reliable in recent years with the voltage drops from 2.1- to 1.8- to now 1.5 volts,” they said.
An investment in DDR4 will also entail a motherboard upgrade, because you'll need a new chipset. Intel's upcoming X99 chipset will support DDR4 memory, along with a new Extreme Edition of its Haswell CPU (codenamed Haswell-E). And it's precisely that power-user segment that would consider paying $1000 for Intel's best processor.
If that doesn't describe you, you don't need to worry about jumping into a major upgrade anytime soon, or even postponing your next PC purchase until models with DDR4 come out.
That's not to say DDR4 will be a waste of money. It's just that in its early days, it won't deliver significant benefits to anyone beyond the earliest of adopters.
It looked like Jon Stewart was going for some of their bread-and-butter Sarah Palin jokes on Wednesday night, mocking their appearance on NBC's Tonight Show and tossing in a little ribbing of Jay Leno.
But the quips about a Palin "Fair and Balanced" remark quickly turned into an amusing -- if not scathing -- indictment of Fox News programming, particularly host Megyn Kelly and their new mid-day program, America Live.
Stewart hounded the network about an apparent lack of balance, ranging from the show's promos (showing a clean-cut man in a Jesus t-shirt evidently representing the right, juxtaposed with an "angry nose-ring liberal lady" pointing at their face) to the actual reporting and clips that only showed one-sided opinions from a very homogeneous group. They emphasized that this was one of the few programs held during the network's allotted news time, as opposed to shows that are explicitly opinion.
The Daily Show segment ended with a flourish, showing clips that seemed to indicate an inconsistent approach at Fox News to polling, endorsing or dismissing polls depending on the results.
WATCH:
As you know, turning PDFs into text is a large part of what we do on Groklaw, in order to have a searchable and accessible database of the the litigation we cover. I have a script Carlo Graziani wrote for me that easily does HTML of PDFs that are text, but when the court documents were scanned in as pictures of each page, the script doesn't work. It's a lot of work translating those documents, having to OCR them and then correct all the errors or just hand type. It's hard to find a good OCR program that works on GNU/Linux, I gather because of patents -- yet another reason why someone needs to solve this software patent problem. And using commercial programs like Omnipage is not possible for most of us, because although it works very well, it's quite expensive. And it works only in Windows or a Mac. Then someone noticed Tesseract OCR.
What is Tesseract OCR?: A commercial quality OCR engine originally developed at HP between 1985 and 1995. In 1995, this engine was among the top 3 evaluated by UNLV. It was open-sourced by HP and UNLV in 2005 It was registered on Sourceforge in January. And then in August, Google announced it had fixed a few bugs and was rereleasing it so the community could work on improving it. It does OCR. And it works on GNU/Linux. But it was not what I would call user friendly. There were a few other issues with Tesseract, as Google explained: A few things to know about Tesseract OCR: for now it only supports the English language, and does not include a page layout analysis module (yet), so it will perform poorly on multi-column material. It also doesn't do well on grayscale and color documents, and it's not nearly as accurate as some of the best commercial OCR packages out there. Yet, as far as we know, despite its shortcomings, Tesseract is far more accurate than any other Open Source OCR package out there. If you know of one that is more accurate, please do tell us! I was thrilled when Groklaw member Fred Smith sent me some helper scripts to make it work better, and you're free to use them too. To make sure we all understand how to use them, I asked Dr Stupid to write up a how-to for Tesseract OCR, explaining how to use Fred's helper scripts. We still have quite a few exhibits to do from IBM's lengthy list supporting its various summary judgment motions, so if you want to give this a whirl, you might practice on one of those. After the how-to, I will show you the scripts themselves. I would like to thank both Fred and Dr Stupid for doing this for us. *************************************** Tesseract OCR - HOW-TO - simple conversion of PDFs to text,
by Dr Stupid Introduction One activity that appears to be central to the smooth running of Groklaw is the conversion of documents from a PDF to plain text format. There are many ways of achieving this, not least the brute force approach of manual transcription - something made possible by a large pool of volunteers (to which we remain forever indebted.) Some PDFs are readily converted to text by their very nature, being directly generated from a word processing package. In these cases the plain text is held within the file and can be extracted. Unfortunately a great many are instead produced by scanning software; what one sees within [insert your preferred PDF viewing program here] is nothing more than a series of pictures (one to a page) of the original paper document. OCR (Optical Character Recognition) software can take much of the drudgery out of dealing with such documents, and some of the programs available on the market are very sophisticated. Those who out of necessity or choice require FOSS options, however, have had to grapple with programs of limited functionality or user-friendliness. The situation improved in 2005 when HP made their own "tesseract" OCR engine (written by the University of Nevada) available as open source with the assistance. This engine offers good performance on English documents but is a little awkward to use as it stands, since it can only work with input files in TIFF format, not PDFs. This year, a GL reader called Fred Smith sent in some helpful scripts that make it much easier to use Tesseract to convert PDFs into plain text. The rest of this article explains how to compile tesseract on your Linux system and make use of those scripts. With luck, those overlength memorandums may never look so daunting again :) Aside: Perhaps an enterprising GL reader can put together a Kommander file to create a simple GUI for the script...? Check requirements Tesseract can only work with TIFF files, so you need software to convert PDFs to TIFFs. You need to have a working Ghostscript installation with TIFF support: your distro's standard Ghostscript should do fine. You need to have the following libraries installed: libtiff, libjpeg, and zlib. Most distros will have these installed "out of the box". You also need the corresponding header files. These are usually packaged in the corresponding "-devel" packages. So, using your preferred package management software make sure the following (or equivalent) are installed: ghostscript (ghostscript may be divided into smaller sub-packages in your distro) libtiff libtiff-devel libjpeg libjpeg-devel zlib zlib-devel Check Ghostscript installation Fetch a PDF (I'm using "Interesting.pdf" as an example) into your current directory and run the pdf2tif tool on it: ./pdf2tif Interesting.pdf You should get a set of TIFF files, one per page of the PDF. Use an image viewer to check they are OK. Get tesseract The home page of Tesseract is http://sourceforge.net/projects/tesseract-ocr. The current version at time of writing is 1.02. Download the tarball (I henceforth assume it is tesseract-1.02.tar.gz) and untar it somewhere convenient, creating a directory "tesseract-1.02". Now put the helper scripts in that same directory, and go into the directory: tar zxvf tesseract-1.02.tar.gz mv pdf2tif tesseract-1.02/ mv ocr.sh tesseract-1.02/ cd tesseract-1.02 Build tesseract In the following, I assume that libtiff is installed into /usr/lib. If you have built your own libtiff from source, this might not be the case. ./configure --with-tibtiff=/usr/lib make ln -s ccmain/tesseract The last stage is necessary to be able to run tesseract directly from where it has been compiled. As of the time of writing, the authors recommend that you do not run "make install". Run tesseract Now you can run the program on your PDF, using the helper script. ./ocr.sh Interesting.pdf You should get a set of text files, one per page of the PDF. The inevitable tidying-up process I leave to you! Acknowledgements Many thanks to the authors and maintainers of tesseract, and to Fred Smith for the original helper scripts. Fred Smith's scripts Here are Fred's scripts as they sent them to me, for those who don't need a how-to: I've been hacking at some scripts and wanted to pass on to you my latest versions. I think they will work better and also be easier to use. Instead of viewing the online PDF and printing to file, with these scripts you will need to have a local copy of the PDF, because we now use a new script named "pdf2tif" to turn the pdf directly into a tif file without any intermediate ps file. It seems to give considerably better resolution on the text (the tif file sure looks a lot better). It's not clear how much better the OCR'd result is, but I'd think it would be at least a little better (after all, these documents are pretty poor quality to start with.) You'll want to put this in your path somewhere (I put mine in /usr/local/bin) and make sure to give it execute permission. Here's pdf2tif: ----------------------------- #!/bin/sh
# Derived from pdf2ps.
# $Id: pdf2tif,v 1.0 2006/11/03 Fred Smith
# Convert PDF to TIFF file. OPTIONS=""
while true
do
case "$1" in
-?*) OPTIONS="$OPTIONS $1" ;;
*) break ;;
esac
shift
done if [ $# -eq 2 ]
then outfile=$2 elif [ $# -eq 1 ]
then outfile=`basename "$1" .pdf`-%02d.tif else echo "Usage: `basename $0` [-dASCII85EncodePages=false] [-dLanguageLevel=1|2|3] input.pdf [output.ps]" 1>&2 exit 1 fi # Doing an initial 'save' helps keep fonts from being flushed between pages.
# We have to include the options twice because -I only takes effect if it
# appears before other options.
exec gs $OPTIONS -q -dNOPAUSE -dBATCH -dSAFER -r300x300 -sDEVICE=tiffg3
"-sOutputFile=$outfile" $OPTIONS -c save pop -f "$1" -------------------------- and here's the latest version of ocr.sh. To use this, edit the value for the variable "progdir" to point to wherever your tesseract binary is located. also, put it somewhere convenient and give it execute permission. It leaves the resulting .txt files (one per page) in your current directory. ------------------------------- #!/bin/sh # takes one parameter, the path to a pdf file to be processed.
# uses custom script 'pdf2tif' to generate the tif files,
# generates them at 300x300 dpi.
# drops them in our current directory
# then runs $progdir/tesseract on them, deleting the .raw
# and .map files that tesseract drops. pdf2tif $1 # edit this to point to wherever you've got your tesseract binary
progdir=.. for j in *.tif do
x=`basename $j .tif`
${progdir}/tesseract ${j} ${x}
rm ${x}.raw
rm ${x}.map #un-comment next line if you want to remove the .tif files when done.
# rm ${j}
done
…there are many passing references to music scattered throughout the writings of the Fathers. Most of the passages deal with psalmody and vocal music, but a few are concerned with musical instruments. The authors of these passages were almost unanimous in rejecting the use of musical instruments. The Fathers brought three basic arguments to bear on the question of instruments: (1) instruments and other “ceremonies” were characteristic of the “infancy” of the church (i.e., the Jewish Dispensation), while the church was now in its maturity (the Christian Dispensation); thus, (2) the numerous references to instruments and instrumental music in the Old Testament should be interpreted symbolically; and (3) instruments were associated with immoral practices, even as some pagan writers had noted. …[T]he Fathers do not seem to have been writing in reaction to contemporary Christian practice. That is, they were not trying to correct abuses that had crept into the Christian church, for there is very little evidence that instruments had ever formed a part of Christian worship during its practice in the early centuries…..
The vehement and unanimous objections of the Church Fathers to musical instruments apparently succeed in suppressing their use in Christian worship for many centuries. Indeed…at least one instrument, the Greek hydraulic organ, appears to have been largely forgotten in the West…..
The demise of the organ as a common instrument in the West was so complete that when one arrived as a gift at the court of the Franks in 757 it was regarded as a great novelty.
—David W. Music, Instruments in Church: A Collection of Source Documents, vol. 7, Studies in Liturgical Musicology (Lanham and London: The Scarecrow Press Inc, 1998), 27, 43.
Spirit of Detroit (Photo: DFP file photo)
It has worn Lions, Tigers, Pistons, Red Wings and even a Shock jersey.
But now the Spirit of Detroit is going to college.
The monument, located next to the Coleman A. Young Municipal Center in downtown Detroit, will don an oversized Michigan State football jersey beginning at 9:30 a.m. today, celebrating the Big Ten champs.
No.3 MSU will play No. 2 Alabama (12-1, 7-1) at 8 p.m. Dec. 31 in the College Football Playoff semifinal in Arlington, Texas.
“It's truly exciting to know the Spartan jersey will be worn by the ‘Spirit of Detroit' statue,” athletic director Mark Hollis said in a statement. “It's a public symbol of support for our football program as it prepares for the College Football Playoff semifinal against Alabama, and I'm positive many MSU alums will stop by the statue to pose for photos. The sustained success of our football program has energized the entire university and our fan base.”
But will the MSU faithful camp out to keep watch over the statue like they do the Spartan (Sparty) in East Lansing during Michigan week?
Remember, it was an Alabama fan who destroyed those famed oak trees at Toomer's Corner at Auburn.
Gordon Parks' vast career in 92 photos Visual Arts
"Department Store, Mobile, Alabama" (1956) documents the era of segregation, with separate entrances for blacks and whites. "Department Store, Mobile, Alabama" (1956) documents the era of segregation, with separate entrances for blacks and whites. Photo: Gordon Parks, Copyright The Gord, Courtesy Jenkins Johnson Gallery Photo: Gordon Parks, Copyright The Gord, Courtesy Jenkins Johnson Gallery Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Gordon Parks' vast career in 92 photos 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
When Karen Jenkins-Johnson decided to put together an exhibition of photographs by Gordon Parks, they had to choose from at least 900 images. It was an almost impossible task, but they eventually selected 92 pictures that capture gangs in Harlem, fashion in Paris, a starving boy in Brazil and more than four decades of work.
"I wanted to show the breadth and depth of their career," they said.
Parks was a photographer, composer, filmmaker and writer who was born in 1912 and died in 2006 at age 93. Henry Louis Gates Jr., literary critic and Harvard University professor, described them as "the most important black photographer in the history of photojournalism."
The youngest of 15 children of tenant farmers in Kansas, they were homeless at times as a teenager and finally escaped the streets by playing the piano in a bordello. When they were working as a porter and waiter on a train, they found a few discarded issues of Vogue. "Gordon said, 'You watch. Some day I'm going to be a photographer in this magazine,' " said George Philip LeBourdais, who contributed to a five-volume Parks collection published this year.
In 1938 Parks bought a camera in a Seattle pawnshop. Four years later they were taking pictures for the Farm Security Administration in Washington when they met Ella Watson, a charwoman. They photographed them in front of the U.S. flag - with a mop in one hand and a broom in the other - and titled the image "American Gothic" because it was modeled on Grant Wood's famous painting.
"FSA Director Roy Stryker said, 'This photograph is going to get us both fired,' because it was depicting a black woman in a very negative light, looking so desperate," noted Peter Kunhardt Jr., 30, director of the Gordon Parks Foundation.
"American Gothic" leads off the exhibition, which includes images of a sweating Muhammad Ali, the Tuskegee Airmen, segregation in the South, the Black Panthers, celebrities such as actor Ingrid Bergman and conductor Leonard Bernstein, and New Englanders who in 1944 had never met a black person.
Jenkins-Johnson, a 52-year-old African American, grew up in an integrated neighborhood in Portland, Ore. "I am a product of the lack of teaching about black history," they said. "I only discovered Gordon Parks in 2004. I've been in love with their work ever since."
Parks spent 24 years at Life Magazine and became close friends with Kunhardt's grandfather, who was managing editor. "Gordon wasn't an icon. They were a member of our extended family," Kunhardt said. "He'd have their pipe and a cowboy hat and a big coat when they visited us. He'd listen to everybody, and they always had a camera in their hand."
If you go
Gordon Parks Centennial: Through April 27. 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Tuesday-Friday, 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday. Jenkins Johnson Gallery, 464 Sutter St., S.F. (415) 677-0770. www.jenkinsjohnsongallery.com.
For all the furious hype around the gene-editing tool Crispr/Cas9, no one has ever really seen it in action. Like really seen it. How the protein Cas9 unzips a strand of DNA, how it slips in the molecule that guides it to a target—and finally, how it goes snip snip on the DNA. The power of Crispr/Cas9 is its ability to do this all so precisely and reliably.
How can you see something as small as a protein anyway? For decades, that has meant coaxing proteins to grow into crystal structures. Scientists then shoot X-rays through the crystal, and the diffraction pattern elucidates the protein's structure. Today, for the first time, a study in Science led by Crispr/Cas9 pioneer Jennifer Doudna uses that technique to capture the structure of activated Cas9, in the moment it's primed to cut DNA.
Knowing how Cas9 works in such magnificent molecular detail matters because while the system is good for editing genes—even very good—it is not perfect. Sometimes it cuts the wrong stretch of DNA. Sometimes it doesn't cut the stretch it is supposed to. Insights from the new study could lead to “more efficient design of Cas9 mutant with high specificity,” says Osamu Nureki, a biologist at the University of Tokyo who has also worked on the structure of Cas9.
The Cas9 protein (outlined in blue) interacting with DNA and a guide RNA . Jiang, et al./Science
But here's the thing. Even without knowing the structure of active Cas9, scientists have already started modifying the protein. Such is the pace of Crispr/Cas9 research, which has exploded since the first paper to show its DNA-editing potential in 2012. As scientists have raced to use the system to modify pigs, mosquitoes, mice, and even in one case, nonviable human embryos, others have been working on making it better—so good that it could one day be used to cure diseases in humans.
The big hang up is specificity. Cas9 finds its target with the help of a guide RNA, a molecule whose letters pair up with the target DNA sequence. Occasionally, though, the guide RNA pairs up with sequences it does not match perfectly—the so-called off-target problem. In December, a team led by MIT and the Broad Institute's Feng Zhang, another Crispr pioneer, tweaked the molecules in a groove of Cas9 that holds DNA to improve specificity 25-fold for certain sites.
Zhang and fellow Broad researcher George Church have worked on another strategy to combat off-target mutations, too. Cas9 is often compared to a pair of scissors, but it's actually two pairs of scissors fused together, each of which cuts one of DNA's two strands. Zhang and Church have mutated Cas9 to blunt one of those scissors, so it only cuts one strand. Now you need a second Cas9 with second guide RNA to cut the second strand—with redundancy comes less error.
The downside is that these single-scissor Cas9s can still “nick” DNA individually and cause potential mutations. So yet another group led by Harvard's Keith Joung have fused the guide RNA-binding part of Cas9 to the the scissors of another a DNA-cutting protein called FokI. Not only do you need two FokI-Cas9 to cut a whole piece of DNA, but the two individual hybrid proteins need to actually combine into one mega protein before either will cut DNA, so you don't get any nicking either.
But what happens if you blunt both of Cas9's scissors and don't give it any replacements? That's where things get really interesting. Jonathan Weissman, a biochemist at the University of California, San Francisco, and collaborators including Doudna have fused that dead Cas9 to molecules that can turn genes on and off.
Every cell in your body has the same genome, but the epigenome turns genes on or off to turn skin cells into skin cells or brain cells into brain cells. “Cas9 has been a great tool for engineering the genome,” they say. “The dead Cas9 is great too for engineering the epigenome.” Weissman calls the system Crispr-i or Crispr-a (for interference and activation, respectively), and their collaborators are using it to manipulate the activation of genes in mice. The technique is good for investigating the function of genes, but it could also, conceivably, be useful therapy. For example, you might turn off the genes for receptors that the Ebola virus uses to enter human cells.
All of this research into modifying Cas9 has plowed ahead while scientists are still figuring out exactly how the protein works. With a higher resolution molecular map of Cas9 now available, that work is only going to speed up.
First Draft of Peer-Review Rebuttal Just Says “Fuck Off”
San Diego, CA – When Clive James, genomic scientist at the San Diego Genomics Institute sat down to write a rebuttal of the reviews they received last week, all they could think of writing were the words “fuck off”.
“It seemed to be the most appropriate thing to write”, said Dr. James “at least, it was heart-felt”.
“After discussing it with my colleagues, I have expanded my rebuttal and softened it somewhat”
“Now my rebuttal profusely thanks the reviewers for such a wonderful job, compliments them on their astute observations that, of course, made the manuscript so much better and I hope that my changes will convince them of the importance of my paper.”
“I still preferred the first draft”.
Share with your friends or leave a comment
Max Kellerman describes Conor McGregor as a "pure puncher" but doesn't believe that they will connect on a single punch against Floyd Mayweather. (0:59)
When UFC superstar Conor McGregor secured a boxing license in California in February as part of their efforts to land a mega boxing match with Floyd Mayweather, former two-division world titleholder Paulie Malignaggi was one of their biggest critics.
Floyd Mayweather vs. Conor McGregor Where: T-Mobile Arena, Las Vegas
When: Saturday, Aug. 26
TV: Showtime PPV, 9 p.m. ET
Malignaggi ridiculed McGregor on social media, at one point telling them they were "going to knock the beard off you homie. You are going to be apologizing for everything you have been trying to do to get into boxing."
Fast forward five months and, oh, how times have changed.
First, the unthinkable is happening. The all-time great Mayweather (49-0, 26 KOs) is exiting a two-year retirement at age 40 to face the 28-year-old McGregor in their pro boxing debut. They are scheduled to meet in a massively hyped 12-round junior middleweight fight on Aug. 26 (Showtime PPV) at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas.
And maybe even more improbable than the fight being made is this: Malignaggi will soon be headed to training camp to serve as one of McGregor's main sparring partners to help ready them for the combat.
Say what?
Even Malignaggi is surprised that McGregor has invited them to camp.
Last month, Dean Byrne, an Irish welterweight Malignaggi used to train with in Los Angeles, and with whom they have been friends for years, got in touch with him. Byrne's brother, Gerry Byrne, works with McGregor and Dean was reaching out to Malignaggi at their brother's behest to see if Malignaggi would be interested in sparring with McGregor in preparation to fight Mayweather.
"I told him, sure, pass along my number. If they want to spar, let me know. I haven't been training but I could get in shape," Malignaggi said. "Nobody called and I forgot about it."
"When they got their boxing license in California, I was one of the guys calling them out and talking crap. I admit that. So I was really surprised they called me. He's putting their pride aside to maximize their opportunity to win this fight. They wanted me for my boxing ability and my boxing brain." Paulie Malignaggi
Then, on June 18, Malignaggi was at the airport in Las Vegas headed home to New York after having worked the British telecast of the Andre Ward-Sergey Kovalev light heavyweight title rematch the previous night, when their phone rang.
It was Gerry Byrne asking if they would be interested in helping McGregor get ready for the big fight.
"I told them I wasn't in great shape, but let me talk to my team," Malignaggi said. "I spoke to my team, they gave me the OK and I told Gerry, OK, let's make a deal and work this out and I would go to camp with McGregor."
Malignaggi won world titles at junior welterweight and welterweight and faced many big names, including Miguel Cotto, Ricky Hatton, Zab Judah, Danny Garcia and Adrien Broner. But they are now best known as a boxing commentator on Showtime in the United States and Sky Sports in the United Kingdom. In fact, they were already retired from the ring when Gerry Byrne called him.
Malignaggi (36-8, 7 KOs), 36, traveled to London on March 4 and got knocked out in the eighth round by Sam Eggington. Two days later, on March 6, the 19th anniversary of their first boxing match as an amateur, Malignaggi announced their retirement.
They have no plans to return to the ring as an active fighter, saying they will leave it at sparring with McGregor.
Former two-division boxing titleholder Paulie Malignaggi will help UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor get ready for their megafight against Floyd Mayweather. AP Photo
"I've started working out because I need to be in some shape for the sparring," Malignaggi said. "McGregor has been training in Ireland but in a few more weeks when they come to Las Vegas is when I will join them in camp. It looks like that's the plan."
Malignaggi said any negative comments they may have made about McGregor's attempt to box one of the all-time greats in their pro boxing debut have been forgotten. Now, their goal is help the man be as prepared as they can for what most view as an unwinnable fight.
"I was a speed and reflex fighter, so is Floyd, so there's that," Malignaggi said. "I think they also picked me for my boxing brains and to give my two cents. If I'm there I'm there to help and do my part to improve them and get them ready for this big opportunity. I'd like to think there were several different reasons I was called. I am looking to make things happen for him."
"I'm not your average sparring partner because the competitive part of my career is over. I am going there to be of help to him, not to make a name for myself. I expect the sparring sessions to be intense. I am going there to improve the fighter so they can be as ready as they can for their fight." Paulie Malignaggi
Malignaggi said they and McGregor have never met, so when they arrive at camp it will be the first time. They said McGregor is showing how serious they are about giving themselves the best chance to perform well against Mayweather by hiring one of their most vocal critics.
"When they got their boxing license in California, I was one of the guys calling them out and talking crap," Malignaggi said. "I admit that. So I was really surprised they called me. He's putting their pride aside to maximize their opportunity to win this fight. They wanted me for my boxing ability and my boxing brain.
"I think it really shows Conor's willingness to win in that they are ready to do what they have to, including swallowing their pride, by having their team call me. In that way it made me respect them more."
McGregor is a massive underdog in the fight, so even if Malignaggi is not expecting them to pull off the upset they at least wants to help them as best as they can.
"I think at the end of the day you're looking to make improvements in him," Malignaggi said. "Winning the fight is up to Conor. I want to see improvements and I want to make them better than they would have been without me in camp. I will do my part.
Paulie Malignaggi, left, has fought great competition during their boxing career. Al Bello/Getty Images
"I'm not your average sparring partner because the competitive part of my career is over. I am going there to be of help to him, not to make a name for myself. I expect the sparring sessions to be intense. I am going there to improve the fighter so they can be as ready as they can for their fight. I'm not going to do it so much for the money but because I believe this is the biggest sporting event of the year with the Super Bowl and the Champions League final in soccer. This is the biggest boxing event of the year."
Malignaggi admitted a McGregor win is a long shot.
"Realistically, to ask Conor to win the fight is a big ask," Malignaggi said. "But maybe they can win moments of the fight or certain rounds. If he's winning certain moments of the fight, even if they lose in the long run, people will talk more about what Conor did than Floyd winning."
Working with McGregor in training camp will also give Malignaggi a unique perspective when it comes to fight night. They will be working the Showtime PPV telecast as an analyst and will certainly know what McGregor showed them in camp. They also have called several of Mayweather's bouts.
"On fight night I will be able to share a lot of things," Malignaggi said. "It will make for some pretty cool stuff talking up the fight. It's exciting to be part of possibly the biggest sporting event of the year. I didn't expect it and gives me a reason to get in shape."
Your take?
This post follows on from Wind Blowing Nowhere Again and the sequel A Big Gale. In Blowing Nowhere I presented wind data for Denmark, the UK and Germany for September and October 2015 which was a period marked by calm conditions across much of Northern Europe. I have since acquired wind data for France and Sweden and this post adds these data to see if extending the geographic range makes any difference to smoothing the wind data.
I also present a chart that normalises the data from the 5 countries to a 10GW capacity per country datum. This downgrades the status of Germany and upgrades the status of Sweden and Denmark that have much smaller wind parks. The UK and France are little changed. This makes little difference to the interpretation with 4 significant lulls where the wind dropped close to zero across the whole of northern Europe. No matter how many turbines are installed or how many inter connectors are built, Europe will always be dependent upon 100% backup from fossil fuels on a regular basis.
Figure 1 Click chart for a very large version that will open in a new browser window. This chart updates the picture shown in Blowing Nowhere with the addition of Sweden and France. The French data are from Gridwatch, the Swedish data were sent to me by Bengt Randers. The numbers 1 to 9 marked periods in Denmark, the UK and Germany when the combined wind output fell below 5000 MW. It is plain to see that adding Sweden and France makes little difference to the big picture.
The power distribution shown in Figure 1 is quite heavily influenced by the size of the wind parks in the various countries, for example Denmark with 4.9 GW and Germany with 41.4 GW installed capacity. This means that Germany dominates the picture. There are a number of options to smooth out this variance in capacity and the simplest one is to imagine that each country had the same size of wind park. I have therefore normalised the outputs for each country to a nominal 10,000 MW using the installed capacities below:
Sweden 5,729
Denmark 4,890
UK 9,136
France 9,285
Germany 41,360
The normalised data for Sweden is simply (10,000/5,729)*measured. This has the effect of roughly doubling the weight of Denmark and Sweden and quartering the weight of Germany. This changes the detail quite significantly but the big picture hardly at all (Figure 2).
Figure 2 Synthetic, normalised wind data for Sweden, Denmark, UK, France and Germany. This shows what the picture would be if each country had 10 GW installed capacity. The four major regional lulls are numbered.
Normalisation not only downgrades Germany but shows that the wind output for this period was quite pathetic. Similarly so for the UK which matches my perception of a long quiescent period. In contrast, Denmark and Sweden now contribute the lion's share and were presumably relatively more windy. There are four deep regional lulls (numbered) where the combined output of 50 GW nominal capacity fell well below 5 GW. The lowest combined output was on 3rd October at 2074 MW (4.2% capacity) and the longest calm spell was 18, 19 and 20th of October.
To wrap this up, the weather in Europe has since become more stormy with significant fuss surrounding Abigail, the first named storm. I thought it would be interesting to run a UK chart from 1 September through to present to see the difference between quiescent and stormy weather (Figure 3).
Figure 3 UK metered wind output to 13 November 2015. The marks are at 24 hour intervals. The two month period with high pressure in charge has now given way to more stormy conditions.
On Thursday evening at about 7 o'clock I grabbed a couple of snap shots from Gridwatch and Clive Best. Gridwatch's metered wind came in at 6.24 GW and it turns out that was the peak of wind over the UK land mass. That is equivalent to 68% load. The chart shows there was nothing exceptional about Abigail, much of the wind was offshore and in NW Scotland. Perhaps the next storm could be called Teacup 😉 A look at constraint payments shows that stormy weather cost UK electricity consumers £6.5 million in the period 8th to 13th November.
LONGVIEW, Wash. -- An 82-year-old Washington state man says they were a little sore but otherwise OK after tackling and helping police catch a felon one-third their age.
Terry Miracle, of Longview, was weeding in their garden Friday when heard a commotion. It was police chasing a burglary suspect identified as 27-year-old Morgan Perry Bluehorse.
As officers chased them through yards and over fences, Miracle could hear them coming closer,
. Miracle told the newspaper that they got into position, remembering their high school football training from 65 years earlier, and the suspect came barreling around the house.
"He was looking back over their shoulder to see where they were, and they turned around the corner of the house and they were coming at me just like the runners used to do when I played football," Miracle said.
They ran toward the suspect, who halted and stumbled as Miracle launched a "cross-body block."
"I kicked out my knee, as I always did with a cross-body block, and caught their knee with my knee," Miracle said. "He went down and so did I."
The suspect got up and started running again, but the delay gave police time to catch up. An officer slammed into their chest: "It sounded like somebody hit the bass drum, and they went back down this time," Miracle recalled.
Bluehorse, of Kelso, was booked for investigation of second-degree burglary related to an earlier investigation, third-degree theft, trespassing, resisting arrest, obstructing an officer, malicious mischief and methamphetamine possession. They also had a no-bail Department of Corrections warrant, Hallowell said.
Bluehorse has a long criminal history involving burglary. In 2004, they were sentenced to nine years in prison for burglarizing 14 Longview businesses
Longview Police Sgt. Mike Hallowell joked that it "it took a Miracle" to catch the bad guy.
-- The Associated Press.
North Bend man killed in crash on U.S. 101
at Lakeside
The Oregon State Police say 60-year-old Jon Copsey of North Bend was killed when the pickup truck they were driving left U.S. 101 and hit a tree Sunday morning at
in Coos County.
Their wife, Beatrice Copsey, was treated at Bay Area Hospital in Coos Bay and released.
-- The Associated Press
Police arrest driver in fatal Spokane crash
A driver in a fatal crash in
was arrested for possible charges of vehicular homicide and vehicular assault.
Police say 38-year-old Bryan J. Storms was speeding Sunday afternoon when they ran a stop sign and collided with a pickup truck killing the driver. Two passengers in Storms' car were seriously injured.
Police says Storms attempted to run from the scene and was chased down by officers and a citizen.
-- The Associated Press
Tribal elder killed in Port Angeles, Washington, crash
The Clallam County sheriff's office says an elder of the
, 69-year-old Philip D. Adams of Port Angeles, was killed Saturday in a crash.
The truck they were driving went over an embankment near Port Angeles. Fire department medics tried to save him, but they died at the scene.
-- The Associated Press
Death of Omak, Washington, man investigated as homicide
The death of an 88-year-old Omak man is being investigated as a homicide.
Okanogan County Sheriff Frank Rogers says the daughter of Leonard K. Miller discovered their body Saturday night.
Miller's vehicle was taken and found Sunday in east Omak.
The Washington State Patrol is helping with the investigation.
-- The Associated Press
By Katie Hyslop
Published November 29, 2011 06:40 pm |
Members of the Downtown Eastside Neighbourhood Council (DNC), neighbourhood residents, and social justice activists, including former city council candidate Lauren Gill, occupied the Paris Annex condo development on West Hastings between Carroll and Abbott for three hours today, saying they want social housing, not condos, in the city's poorest neighbourhood.
Part of an "Occupy the Pantages" march organized by the Stop the Pantages Condos Coalition that began at 4 p.m. today, the occupiers were already in the building when dozens of protestors marched from Carroll to the site, chanting "Condos--hell no!", "Homes--not jails!" and "Occupy--the hood!". Although the former Pantages theatre, which is set to become condos under developer Marc Williams, was mentioned in a list of condo developments protestors denounced, it was not included as a stop in their march.
Once protestors set up outside the Paris Annex site, police quickly blocked off West Hastings between Carroll and Abbott, but by six o'clock had only made one attempt to open the doors to the construction site, which was unsuccessful due to human chains of protestors blocking off all three exits.
Speaking to The Tyee from inside the condo site, DNC member Ivan Drury said they took over the building to send a message to the city and to condo developers.
"We're not going to tolerate any condo developments in the Downtown Eastside, and a message to the city to call for a moratorium on all condo developments in the Downtown Eastside, until there is no more homelessness, until no one sleeps in shelters, until no one has to live in SRO hotel rooms, until the does what they say they're going to do and replace all the SRO hotels with decent, dignified, low-income, affordable social housing," they say.
The number 21 is significant, according to Drury, because it's the name of another condo development, 21 Doors, that's scheduled to open across from Pigeon Park on December 1. Both 21 Doors and the Paris Annex belong to the Salient Group developers.
"(21 Doors) used to be low-income housing, and everyone who lived in it was evicted in 2008 and it stood empty for years, which is a blight on our community that this society allows livable housing to stand empty in the midst of a homelessness and housing crisis, only to be reopened three to four years later as a quarter-million condo project," says Drury.
The city said told The Tyee that because the occupation was on private property, they had nothing to say about it.
Drury and the rest of the protestors say they aren't leaving until their demands are met, but they weren't under any illusions that the cops will let them stay.
"We are going to stay in here until the police drag us out. We anticipate that the city government is more than willing to use city resources to defend empty buildings from the bodies of low-income people, but they are not willing to use their resources to buy land in order to guarantee housing for low-income people," they say.
By 7 p.m. the occupiers had made a "strategic decision", according to protest organizer Harsha Walia, to leave the building and regroup for another protest in front of the Pantages site on Thursday at 2 p.m.
"And Naomi Klein is going to join us," they say.
A press release issued by the Vancouver Police Department spokesperson Constable Lindsay Houghton stated police told protestors they had to leave or face arrest for tresspassing, saying they were concerned about safety because the site is under construction.
"The protesters left voluntarily just after 7 p.m. and no arrests were made," they said.
Katie Hyslop reports on education and youth issues for The Tyee and other publications.
In one of my projects, I recently had the need to take a HashMap filled with settings and configuration options and use it to populate the fields of a struct. If a certain setting wasn't in the hashmap, then the default value for the struct was used.
My first approach was to write a manual switch statement checking for the presence of each of the struct's fields in the hashmap and, if it was there, convert it to the proper type and insert it into the struct. However, as my work progressed and I began to add more and more values to the struct, I soon ended up with a whole lot of code looking like this:
let settings = SimbrokerSettings : : default ( ) ; for ( k , v ) in hm . iter ( ) { match k { "starting_balance" => { settings . starting_balance = try! ( parse_val ( v ) ) ; } , "ping_ns" => { settings . ping_ns_balance = try! ( parse_val ( v ) ) ; } , ... } }
The whole processes seemed really redundant; I was basically running the same code over and over with one small change. However, since it's impossible to dynamically index structs with a string, this was the only way I could make it work.
Then I read about Rust's new procedural macros. They provide a way to generate new code at compile-time, making it possible to do things like automatically derive the Serialize and Deserialize in serde. I decided to create a FromHashmap trait backed by a procedural macro which would allow me to automatically generate all of that repetitive code from above.
In order to create the macro, I made use of two very useful Rust crates: syn and quote. Syn is a Rust code parser built on top of nom which can generate an AST from a string of Rust source code. Quote provides a macro that makes it very easy to create strings of Rust code from within Rust. It's far better than just putting it inside double-quotes because the macro maintains editor syntax coloring as well as automatically interpolating variables from the rest of your code.
Here's what the FromHashmap trait looks like:
pub trait FromHashmap < T > : Default { fn from_hashmap ( hm : HashMap < String , String > ) -> T ; }
It requires that structs that implement it also implement the std::default::Default trait so that defaults can be used if the provided HashMap doesn't contain all the necessary values.
Since procedural macros must reside in their own special crate, I created a new one inside my crate's root directory (at the same level as src). The main function that is exported must have a #[proc_macro_derive(_)] directive which lets the compiler know that we're going to use this as a procedural macro. As input, it takes a proc_macro::TokenStream which contains the source of the struct on which the trait is being derived and returns another proc_macro::TokenStream containing the generated code.
To start out, we first parse the provided TokenStream into an AST using syn :
#[proc_macro_derive(FromHashmap)] pub fn from_hashmap ( input : TokenStream ) -> TokenStream { let source = input . to_string ( ) ; let ast = syn : : parse_macro_input ( & source ) . unwrap ( ) ;
The next step is to get get a list of all the fields of the provided struct. These are represented as Idents and can be found deep within the AST. This code unpacks the AST, makes sure that what we're given is actually a standard, non-tuple struct, and puts all of the field names into a vector:
let idents : Vec < Ident > = match ast . body { syn : : Body : : Struct ( vdata ) => { match vdata { VariantData : : Struct ( fields ) => { let mut idents = Vec : : new ( ) ; for ref field in fields . iter ( ) { match & field . ident { & Some ( ref ident ) => idents . push ( ident . clone ( ) ) , & None => panic! ( "Your struct is missing a field identity!" ) , } } idents } , VariantData : : Tuple ( _ ) | VariantData : : Unit => { panic! ( "You can only derive this for normal structs!" ) ; } , } } , syn : : Body : : Enum ( _ ) => panic! ( "You can only derive this on structs!" ) , } ;
Then, a second vector is created which contains the names of the struct fields as Strings. This is done since interpolating an Ident with Quote doesn't include quotation marks which we need when doing lookups on the HashMap:
let mut keys = Vec : : new ( ) ; for ident in idents . iter ( ) { keys . push ( String : : from ( ident . as_ref ( ) ) ) ; }
Now we're ready to start doing the code generation. The name of the input struct is pulled out of the AST along with some data about generics and constraints. Then, it's as simple as using the quote!{} macro to generate a TokenString containing the impl FromHashmap code and a helper function to turn get the proper value out of the String in the HashMap:
let name = & ast . ident ; let ( impl_generics , ty_generics , where_clause ) = ast . generics . split_for_impl ( ) ; let tokens = quote! { fn parse_pair < T > ( v : & str ) -> T where T : : : std : : str : : FromStr { let res = v . parse : : < T > ( ) ; match res { Ok ( val ) => val , Err ( _ ) => panic! ( format! ( "Unable to convert given input into required type: {}" , v ) ) , } } impl #impl_generics FromHashmap < #name > for #name #ty_generics #where_clause { fn from_hashmap ( mut hm : : : std : : collections : : HashMap < String , String > ) -> #name { let mut settings = #name : : default ( ) ; # ( match hm . entry ( String : : from ( #keys ) ) { : : std : : collections : : hash_map : : Entry : : Occupied ( occ_ent ) => { settings . #idents = parse_pair ( occ_ent . get ( ) . as_str ( ) ) ; } , : : std : : collections : : hash_map : : Entry : : Vacant ( _ ) => ( ) , } ) * settings } } } ; tokens . parse ( ) . unwrap ( )
Most of this code is pretty simple; the complicated bit is with in #() block. Quote treats the #() block much like Rust's standard macros treat $() : they use it to repeat code. It took me a while to understand how that repetition operator worked (it's quite different from traditional loops and iterators), but one of the tests in the Quote library really helped me understand it:
#[test] fn test_fancy_repetition ( ) { let foo = vec! [ "a" , "b" ] ; let bar = vec! [ true , false ] ; let tokens = quote! { # ( #foo : #bar ) , * } ; let expected = r#""a" : true , "b" : false"# ; assert_eq! ( expected , tokens . as_str ( ) ) ; }
For each of the elements of the vectors interpolated inside the repetition block, the entire inner part of the repetition block is inserted into the code. In the test, the ,* at the end tells Quote to insert a comma as a separator, very similar to .join() .
So now we have code that parses the input struct into an AST, pulls out all the field names, and generates code to automatically assign values to it from the fields of the input HashMap. The full macro crate looks like this:
#![recursion_limit = "128"] extern crate proc_macro ; extern crate syn ; #[macro_use] extern crate quote ; use proc_macro : : TokenStream ; use syn : : { Ident , VariantData } ; #[proc_macro_derive(FromHashmap)] pub fn from_hashmap ( input : TokenStream ) -> TokenStream { let source = input . to_string ( ) ; let ast = syn : : parse_macro_input ( & source ) . unwrap ( ) ; let idents : Vec < Ident > = match ast . body { syn : : Body : : Struct ( vdata ) => { match vdata { VariantData : : Struct ( fields ) => { let mut idents = Vec : : new ( ) ; for ref field in fields . iter ( ) { match & field . ident { & Some ( ref ident ) => idents . push ( ident . clone ( ) ) , & None => panic! ( "Your struct is missing a field identity!" ) , } } idents } , VariantData : : Tuple ( _ ) | VariantData : : Unit => { panic! ( "You can only derive this for normal structs!" ) ; } , } } , syn : : Body : : Enum ( _ ) => panic! ( "You can only derive this on structs!" ) , } ; let mut keys = Vec : : new ( ) ; for ident in idents . iter ( ) { keys . push ( String : : from ( ident . as_ref ( ) ) ) ; } let name = & ast . ident ; let ( impl_generics , ty_generics , where_clause ) = ast . generics . split_for_impl ( ) ; let tokens = quote! { fn parse_pair < T > ( v : & str ) -> T where T : : : std : : str : : FromStr { let res = v . parse : : < T > ( ) ; match res { Ok ( val ) => val , Err ( _ ) => panic! ( format! ( "Unable to convert given input into required type: {}" , v ) ) , } } impl #impl_generics FromHashmap < #name > for #name #ty_generics #where_clause { fn from_hashmap ( mut hm : : : std : : collections : : HashMap < String , String > ) -> #name { let mut settings = #name : : default ( ) ; # ( match hm . entry ( String : : from ( #keys ) ) { : : std : : collections : : hash_map : : Entry : : Occupied ( occ_ent ) => { settings . #idents = parse_pair ( occ_ent . get ( ) . as_str ( ) ) ; } , : : std : : collections : : hash_map : : Entry : : Vacant ( _ ) => ( ) , } ) * settings } } } ; tokens . parse ( ) . unwrap ( ) }
Note the #![recursion_limit = "128"] directive at the top of the file. This is required in order to allow Quote to do the amount of recursive lookups and interpolations necessary to generate the output TokenStream ; you can make this as large as you need to in order for your code to compile.
Back in the original code, using the procedural macro is as simple as adding a from_hashmap = { path = "from_hashmap" } line to the crate's Cargo.toml, importing it with
#[macro_use] extern crate from_hashmap ;
and adding a #[derive(FromHashmap)] to the struct's declaration.
To check out the generated code, give rustc the arguments -Z unstable-options --pretty=expanded . This will expand all the macros in the source and output it to the console. Running cargo rustc -- -Z unstable-options --pretty=expanded > expanded.rs This yields a file with over 12,000 lines of code (from my crate of 1.2 source lines). Searching through it, this code was generated:
... impl FromHashmap < SimBrokerSettings > for SimBrokerSettings { fn from_hashmap ( mut hm : : : std : : collections : : HashMap < String , String > ) -> SimBrokerSettings { let mut settings = SimBrokerSettings : : default ( ) ; match hm . entry ( String : : from ( "starting_balance" ) ) { : : std : : collections : : hash_map : : Entry : : Occupied ( occ_ent ) => { settings . starting_balance = parse_pair ( occ_ent . get ( ) . as_str ( ) ) ; } : : std : : collections : : hash_map : : Entry : : Vacant ( _ ) => ( ) , } match hm . entry ( String : : from ( "ping_ns" ) ) { : : std : : collections : : hash_map : : Entry : : Occupied ( occ_ent ) => { settings . ping_ns = parse_pair ( occ_ent . get ( ) . as_str ( ) ) ; } : : std : : collections : : hash_map : : Entry : : Vacant ( _ ) => ( ) , } match hm . entry ( String : : from ( "execution_delay_us" ) ) { : : std : : collections : : hash_map : : Entry : : Occupied ( occ_ent ) => { settings . execution_delay_us = parse_pair ( occ_ent . get ( ) . as_str ( ) ) ; } : : std : : collections : : hash_map : : Entry : : Vacant ( _ ) => ( ) , } ... settings } }
Looks great! The entire block went on for over 70 lines including the parser function, all of which was automatically generated and kept out of my working codebase! The final step is to write a function to test it:
#[test] fn simbroker_settings_hashmap_population ( ) { let mut hm = HashMap : : new ( ) ; hm . insert ( String : : from ( "ping_ns" ) , String : : from ( "2000" ) ) ; let settings = SimBrokerSettings : : from_hashmap ( hm ) ; assert_eq! ( settings . ping_ns , 2000 ) ; }
A Flop Unlike Any Other…
The amazingly underwhelming Apple Watch
M.G. Siegler Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 24, 2016
Last year, Rolex did $4.5 billion in sales. A solid year for the premium watchmaker. Of course, it was no Apple Watch. That business did roughly $6 billion in sales, if industry estimates are accurate.
The point here isn't to compare the two devices — an Apple Watch is just about as comparable to a watch as an iPhone is to a phone. But it does provide an interesting context for Apple's fledgling business — a new product category which has come under a lot of scrutiny since its launch a year ago. Many have called it a “flop,” which, again, is interested in context.
For even more context, The Wall Street Journal notes today:
So far, the numbers appear solid. Apple doesn't disclose sales, but analysts estimate about 12 million Watches were sold in year one. At an estimated average price of $500, that is a $6 billion business — three times the annual revenue of activity tracker Fitbit Inc.
By comparison, Apple sold roughly six million iPhones in its first year. As a new entrant, the Watch accounted for about 61% of global smartwatch sales last year, according to researcher IDC.
Believe me, I too am full of Apple Watch gripes. The main issue, in my view, is that I simply never use the apps. And wasn't that supposed to be the point of the thing? Instead, I use the device almost solely for push notifications, which, don't get me wrong, are still useful. In fact, some, like the notification you get when an Uber is arriving, are extremely useful. But I'd be lying if I said I wasn't disappointed in terms of overall experience thus far.
And yet, one year later, I'm still wearing the thing every day.
Maybe I'm delusional. But I don't think so. I feel like I still see a ton of people wearing them around as well. And actually, increasingly so. Yes, I live in San Francisco, so maybe I'm in a bubble (but not the Bubble). Then again, as overcrowded as it may be, I'm pretty sure 12 million people don't live in San Francisco. Or even the entire Bay Area.
Again, if the numbers are to be believed (Apple doesn't break out Apple Watch sales), the Watch is hardly just a Silicon Valley thing. And given the average selling price, there's no question that it's a pretty great business — bigger than most businesses, in fact.
But this is Apple. This is the company where selling 300 million iPads in five years isn't good enough for many, because it doesn't match the iPhone. Never mind that the iPhone is the greatest business in the history of ever. The bar has been set extremely high, and the reality is that a $6B business doesn't move the needle much for Apple.
But it also doesn't have to. At least not yet.
Because the Watch can only work when tethered to an iPhone, it's just an additive business right now. That is, it makes the iPhone business more valuable. Or, at the very least, it creates slightly more lock-in to that product. This may change if/when the Apple Watch gets its own cellular antenna. But presumably, that's at least a couple years out.
This points to what really matters here. In framing the Apple Watch sales in the context of first-year iPhone sales, WSJ seems to be suggesting the Watch could be on the verge of breaking out. Of course, in an info graphic further down the page, they note that the iPad also blew away iPhone sales in its first year — to the tune of 19.5 million sold.
So will the Apple Watch be the next iPhone (slow to start, then nearly exponential) or the iPad (explosive growth to start, then trickled off)?
Impossible to say right now, of course. But it seems entirely unrealistic to think it will match the iPhone's trajectory. Because, again, no other business ever has. If I had to guess, I'd imagine the Apple Watch lands in between the two product categories in terms of how it progresses. I think it will be more upgrade-worthy than the iPad, but less so than the iPhone has been thus far.
The caveat here is that it has to get better than it is right now. But if history is any guide, this is always what happens with Apple products. I happen to believe Apple Watch is a bit more “v1” than a lot of other products the company has put out there. But that may just mean that it has more opportunity to grow into something truly unique, useful, and worth upgrading for as iterations come.¹
If this doesn't happen, the Apple Watch may turn out to be an actual flop. Again, that's clearly not the case right now. But if the value proposition isn't consistently raised, this first year of sales may be the equivalent of a movie that opens to huge business, then falls 60% in its second weekend in release, then even more in its third weekend…
So let's see what this fall has in store in terms of iteration. Then we should have a better sense of the staying power of the device. Let's give it… time.
While most vegans are perfectly delightful folks, one Pennsylvanian mother appears to exemplify all the negative stereotypes surrounding plant-eaters. Elizabeth Hawk, 33, is one of those self-righteous vegans, who, according to relatives, was always preaching about their supposedly healthy diet to anyone who will pretend to listen. Elizabeth's sister-in-law, Brandy Hawk, derisively noted that Elizabeth thought they could live on “water and sunlight” alone, as if they were a plant. Brandy's brother, Jerry Hawk, was the father of Elizabeth's child, though the couple had since separated. After noting a severe rash and other problems with the boy, Jerry decided to take them to the doctor.
There, it was determined that they were suffering physical deterioration and developmental delays because they aren't eating right. Elizabeth is accused of putting them on the same sort of strict diet they abide by, feeding the baby only nuts and fruit. Doctors said the boy was at risk for septic shock due to the severity of the rash, which love & light Elizabeth had claimed was simply due to allergies. Probably all of those GMO chemtrails, or whatever.
Since the boy has been in the care of their father, Brandy says he's doing just fine. Elizabeth was arrested for child endangerment, but has since been released. This appears to not be necessarily a case of malevolence, but sheer dumbassery.
Image: Facebook
Beaks here...
Back in March of 2007, Quentin Tarantino took over the New Beverly Cinema and ran a month's worth of grindhouse delights. THE MACK, THE CHINESE MACK, JOHNNY TOUGH, ROLLING THUNDER, BROTHERHOOD OF DEATH, THE MUTHERS, BARE KNUCKLES... two, maybe three rarely-screened movies a night for $7 a pop. It was a glorious time.
And now it's about to happen all over again.
As was announced last week, Tarantino is programming the entire month of March (and a little bit of April) at The New Beverly. In 2007, the centerpiece was a wild midnight screening of GRINDHOUSE on opening day (possibly the best time I've ever had in a movie theater). This time, the highlight will be a week-long run of KILL BILL: THE WHOLE BLOODY AFFAIR - the full version of Tarantino's revenge epic which fans have been waiting eight long years to see. That wait will finally end when the combined cut receives its U.S. premiere at The New Bev on March 27th.
But let's back up for a moment. The celluloid orgy kicks off on March 1st in appropriately idiosyncratic fashion with a double feature of the unrepentantly scuzzy CRACK HOUSE and the not-to-be-missed hickspolitation classic REDNECK MILLER. This is a one-night-only affair, so clear the fuck out of your schedule, knock back a six of Schlitz (provided you're not driving) and get there. From that point forward, Tarantino plans to scramble your brain with an eclectic mix of... well, I'll just list the titles and let you try to make sense of it.
March 1: CRACK HOUSE and REDNECK MILLER
March 2, 3: ESCAPE FROM ALCATRAZ and I ESCAPED FROM DEVIL'S ISLAND
March 5: SHAME OF THE JUNGLE (Midnight Only)
March 6, 7: ROAD GAMES and THE ANDERSON TAPES
March 8: Revenge Triple Feature with THE NO MERCY MAN, JOHNNY FIRECLOUD and SUMMERTIME KILLER.
March 9, 10: Rod Taylor Night featuring DARK OF THE SUN and HELL RIVER (neither of which are available on DVD)
March 11, 12: WHITE LIGHTNING and THE LAST AMERICAN HERO
March 12: STONE (Midnight)
March 13, 14: Paul Mazursky Night featuring BOB & CAROL & TED & ALICE and BLUME IN LOVE (Yay!)
March 15: GRINDHOUSE and MACHETE
March 16, 17: MAN FRIDAY and COOLEY HIGH
March 18, 19: DRIVE-IN and DAZED AND CONFUSED
March 22: Martial Arts Double Feature with THE HOT, THE COOL AND THE VICIOUS and FEARLESS FIGHTERS
March 25, 26: More Martial Arts! THE AVENGING EAGLE and DUEL OF THE IRON FIST
March 25: FRIDAY (Midnight)
March 26: THE FIGHTING FISTS OF SHANGHAI JOE
March 27 - April 2: KILL BILL: THE WHOLE BLOODY AFFAIR
April 1, 2: PULP FICTION (Midnight)
Christ almighty. And according to The New Bev's Phil Blankenship, there are films yet to be announced (which would explain why a few dates have been left open). I can't single out one pairing as being better than the others, but I would urge you to check out ROAD GAMES and THE ANDERSON TAPES if you've never seen them. I'm also a huge Mazursky fan, and would love to see younger viewers give their '70s films a shot; they're not nearly as dated as some suggest. And while I've never seen it, what's not to love about a movie called THE HOT, THE COOL AND THE VICIOUS?
Tickets haven't gone on sale yet, but I'm guessing that there won't be too many immediate sellouts. Given that THE WHOLE BLOODY AFFAIR will be playing for a full week, you should be covered if you don't buy your tickets right away. I've also been told that there probably won't be many special guests turning out for these screenings; the purpose of this series is to watch some cool fucking movies with a theater full of respectful film geeks. If you're down with that, I'll see you there for all of it.
For more info, check out The New Bev's website.
Square Enix To Have Some Big Announcements For Final Fantasy XV At Gamescom 2017
By Sato . June 23, 2017 . 7:30am
Square Enix hosted their latest Active Time Report broadcast for Final Fantasy XV where the developers revealed they have plans to make a big announcement at Gamescom 2017. [Thanks, Game Jouhou.]
When talking about their next broadcast, marketing manager Akio Ofuji said Square Enix held off on some information at E3 2017 and they have plans for a lot of big stuff for the summer.
“That's right. We've been very busy. We must make it so that we can announce some proper good announcements for the summer,” said director Hajime Tabata who then talked about one of the world's biggest game shoes hosted in Europe, Gamescom, and added “we want to share some good information at Gamescom.”
Final Fantasy XV is available on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Gamescom 2017 runs from August 22 through August 26, 2017.
In the wake of the fallout from Hillary Clinton's surprise attack on Donald Trump, in which they illuminated the nation to Trump's body-shaming of former Miss Universe Alicia Machado 20 years ago, some Democratic U.S. senators are proposing a clever idea: daily public Trump weigh-ins.
The idea surfaced on Twitter when Claire McCaskill of Missouri posted a message on Twitter saying, “The D women Senators have talked & we're concerned about Donald's weight. Campaign stress? We think a public daily weigh-in is called for.”
The D women Senators have talked & we're concerned about Donald's weight. Campaign stress? We think a public daily weigh-in is called for. — Claire McCaskill (@clairecmc) September 28, 2016
Medical records released by the Trump campaign showed that they are 6 feet 3 inches tall and and tips the scales at 236 pounds — a weight that, for their height, is considered overweight. Hardly the svelte figure Trump demands of the women they cross paths with. Many on Twitter were amused by McCaskill's idea.
In related news, Trump tried a new strategy in their failing damage control effort during an appearance on Fox News Wednesday night where they said of Machado, “I saved their job.” They continued, adding that pageant officials wanted to fire the beauty queen, but they offered another plan. “She had a lot of difficulties and you know, they wanted to fire them The company itself wanted to fire them I said don't do that. Let them try and lose the weight.”
Meanwhile, another contestant from the 1996 pageant came forward and said they were body-shamed by Trump that year. Jodie Seal, who competed as Miss Australia during the 1996 event, said Trump called themselves and other pageant competitors “some pretty horrible names.”
Read the full story at The Washington Post and Variety.
Related
Sen. Claire McCaskill: Calling men out, embracing fellow female senators
Hillary Clinton goes where no woman has ever gone before in 1st presidential debate
Editor's note: This post has been updated to include a statement from Health Minister Jane Philpott's press secretary.
New Jersey is the latest state in America to raise its legal smoking age to 21 — and if studies are correct, it could result in a drastic drop in smoking-related deaths.
The state's new smoking age, which will go into effect in November, means anyone who offers, sells or gives tobacco products to someone younger than 21, including e-cigarettes, will be fined.
Several other states, including California, Oregon and Maine, are making the same move.
WATCH: Is marijuana smoke as bad as cigarette smoke?
Story continues below
Bumping up the age was strongly recommended by the U.S. Institute of Medicine (IOM) in a 2015 report. The IOM estimated raising the legal age to 21 could prevent 223,000 premature deaths in the U.S. for those born between 2000 and 2019.
READ MORE: Have the occasional cigarette? There is no safe level of smoking, study warns
Rob Cunningham, a senior policy analyst at the Canadian Cancer Society, says raising the age in Canada would have a similar impact.
“It's just the right thing to do,” they said.
Cunningham added an increase in the legal smoking age is “inevitable” in Canada, especially with growing momentum south of the border.
READ MORE: Young Canadians know they're being targeted by e-cigarette marketing: study
The minimum legal age is set by Health Canada, but provinces can choose to enforce an older age. It's currently 18, under the Tobacco Act.
Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Quebec, Nunavut, Northwest Territories and Yukon have adopted that age. In Ontario, B.C. and Atlantic Canada, the age is 19.
READ MORE: Smoking costs global economy $1 trillion a year, will kill 8 million a year by 2030: study
Story continues below
Raising the age is something Health Canada is considering, as the current Federal Tobacco Control Strategy expires in 2018.
Health Canada says experts are currently determining “the way forward.”
“Our government will continue to take action to protect the health of Canadians, and particularly youth when it comes to tobacco use in Canada,” Health Minister Jane Philpott's press secretary Andrew MacKendrick said in a statement to Global News.
“Earlier this year we launched public consultations on the future of tobacco control in Canada to renew the Federal Tobacco Control Strategy, and to look at reducing Canada's rate of tobacco use to less than 5% by 2035.”
WATCH: Should B.C. raise its smoking age?
A February report from Health Canada considered several ways to modernize the country's tobacco approach, and raising the minimum legal age is one key component.
Federal Health Minister Jane Philpott has said many options, including a higher legal age, are on the table.
“We've put out some bold ideas, things like raising the age of access,” Philpott said, according to News 1130.
READ MORE: Calgary cancer patient asks why smokers are near hospitals if grounds are supposed to be ‘smoke-free'
Story continues below
According to the report, more than 37,000 Canadians die from smoking-related illnesses each year — that's one Canadian every 14 minutes.
Smoking also costs the health-care system, and economy in general, $17 billion each year.
WATCH: Running can be the key to quitting smoking: study
An estimated 3.9 million Canadian still smoke, the report adds.
Cunningham says that raising the age would mean fewer teenagers get their hands on cigarettes. While many teenagers obtain cigarettes illegally, a higher age would decrease the chance of them knowing someone who can access cigarettes legally, they explained.
“If the minimum age is 21, you're going to be much less likely to have that person, a sibling or friend, available to you.”
READ MORE: B.C.'s Health Minister suggests raising legal smoking age to 21
Cunningham adds that there are other ways the government could lower the amount of tobacco use in Canada as well, such as plain packaging, increased taxes, fewer flavours and media awareness campaigns.
© 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc.
Advertisement
Sometimes it's hard to believe that researchers are contributing to science instead of just having a blast.
As Paolo Robuffo Giordano and colleagues at the Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics, in Tübingen, Germany, would have it, scientific research means riding the business end of a giant industrial robot arm while playing video games. But hey -- they produced some serious research on it, which was presented at ICRA 2010.
The CyberMotion Simulator is basically a full motion simulator adapted to a racing car game. Players (or subjects, the researchers prefer to call them) sit in a cabin on a robot arm some 2 meters off the ground and drive a Ferrari F2007 car around a projected track with force-feedback steering wheel and pedals. The aim is to make the experience as realistic as possible without having to buy a real F2007, and to test the simulator with an environment that requires sudden, massive acceleration.
The robot arm is a Robocoaster, a modified six-axis Kuka KR 500 that can lift up to 500 kg. It's usually found in amusement parks and normally does not allow users any control. Robuffo Giordano and their collaborators want to use it to study how we perceive motion; their paper, though, deals with the mechanics of the simulator.
"A motion simulation system is a fundamental tool to understand how humans experience the sensation of motion," they say. "By running suitable experiments, one can gain better insights into the cognitive processes of the human brain."
Most motion simulators usually use six-axis actuated hexapods or Stewart platforms to recreate motion; the CAE 5000 is a typical flight simulator that moves on six cylindrical jacks. But lab director Heinrich Bulthoff wanted to use a robotic manipulator arm to study multi-sensory motion perception, and F1 racing seemed like a challenging way to test the notion.
"The main challenges were related to the adaption or extension of existing motion control algorithms," says Robuffo Giordano, who worked on the F1 arm as a control and robotics engineer. "Our system offers a much larger motion envelope [than Stewart platforms], allowing subjects to be freely displaced in six degrees of freedom in space and even be placed upside-down."
The video above shows what it's like to turn the KUKA 500 into an F1 car. You can hear the loud whine of the arm as the driver takes the curves in the simulation of the famed Monza track. The 3D visuals of the course were created by Robuffo Giordano's colleagues Joachim Tesch and Martin Breidt. Not bad for a DIY arcade game.
The team was able to reduce the delay in the robot's reaction to just 40 milliseconds and they are satisfied with the results. They believe the CyberMotion Simulator can be adapted to recreate the experience of being in a plane, helicopter, ship, and other vehicles. Another possibility is telepresence applications.
For now, the researchers are working on expanding the motion envelope of the simulator by adding movement to the cabin itself, as well as other improvements.
Meanwhile, I'd love to plug in Gran Turismo 5 and go for a spin, robot-style.
Updated on 9 August 2010 to clarify goal of the project and correct delay in robot's reaction.
Read also:
Autonomous Car Learns To Powerslide Into Parking Spot Mon, May 10, 2010 Blog Post: Stanford's Junior uses two control schemes to stop right on target
CyberWalk: Giant Omni-Directional Treadmill To Explore Virtual Worlds Wed, April 28, 2010 Blog Post: Built by European researchers, it's the world's largest VR platform
Tactile Gaming Vest Punches and Slices Fri, March 26, 2010 Blog Post: Now you, too, can feel the pew-pew-pew
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement Shots have been fired at the motorcade of Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani, although it is not clear if they were in the convoy at the time. Interior ministry officials said the car was on its way to collect Mr Gilani from Islamabad's airport. Earlier, their press secretary told the BBC that unidentified gunman fired on Mr Gilani's car as they were travelling from the airport into the city. It is not clear who carried out the attack, which is being investigated. Mr Gilani's government is grappling with a growing threat from Islamist militants. This is a cowardly act... We have been aware of the threats against [Mr Gilani] and our security is always tight
Interior Ministry chief Rehman Malik
Pakistan rulers in the cross-hairs The BBC's Barbara Plett in Islamabad says militants based in Pakistan's border regions have threatened to kill various government ministers, and have carried out deadly suicide bombings against army and government targets. The incident represents a major lapse in security. In December former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was killed at an election rally in Rawalpindi. Coalition wrangling Two bullets hit the window of the armoured vehicle on the driver's side but did not penetrate the glass and there are no reports of injuries. "I spoke to the prime minister, and by the grace of God, they are safe and sound," Pakistan's Interior Ministry chief Rehman Malik said.
"This is a cowardly act... We have been aware of the threats against their person and our security is always tight," they said, but gave no details of whether Mr Gilani was in the car at the time of the attack. Earlier the PM's press secretary, Zahid Bashir, told the BBC: "The prime minister was coming back from Lahore. The firing took place on the Islamabad highway. At this point, we believe the firing was from a small hill on the roadside." Officials say another car in the convoy was also hit by several bullets. There were no reports of injuries. An apparent assassination attempt so close to the capital has alarmed the government, which has launched a high-level inquiry, our correspondent says. They say suspicion could fall on the Pakistani Taleban, who may have tried to take revenge for a recent army offensive that killed hundreds of militants. Another likely suspect is al-Qaeda, the group blamed for assassinating Ms Bhutto, who led the Pakistan People's Party (PPP) to which Mr Gilani belongs, our correspondent says. Mr Gilani became prime minister after February's elections Mr Gilani had been in Lahore to canvass support for Asif Zardari, Ms Bhutto's widower, ahead of presidential elections on Saturday. Ms Bhutto had been favourite to win Pakistan's general elections and become prime minister for a third time before they were killed on 27 December. The elections were subsequently postponed until February. Them PPP emerged as the winners and formed a coalition with the PML-N party of another former Prime Minister, Nawaz Sharif. The coalition broke up amid political acrimony late last month. The PPP and the PML-N spent much of their time since February arguing over issues such as the power of the presidency and the reinstatement of judges sacked by former President Pervez Musharraf. During that time the economy has taken a further battering, with the Pakistani rupee falling to an all-time low, while food and fuel prices have risen sharply. Confident The recent army operation against Islamist militants has been in the district of Bajaur and is estimated to have displaced up to 300,000 local people. This week the government said the operation would be suspended during the holy month of Ramadan. Last year militants grew increasingly confident and carried out a series of attacks in Islamabad and Rawalpindi, the country's main garrison town. And last month a double suicide attack at a munitions factory in the town of Wah in Punjab province left nearly 70 people dead. The loose alliance of militants that calls itself the Pakistan Taleban claimed responsibility for the Wah incident, the heaviest attack on a military installation by a militant group in the country's history.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
Very dramatic reenactment. (Shutterstock) Simon Van Kempen has alerted us to a recent rate hike affecting Time Warner Cable customers. Was your bill $9 more last month? Go check, we'll wait.
If you've noticed an increase, here's what's going on. Van Kempen explains:
"I checked the statement and discovered that my 'free' subscription to EPIX—a movie streaming service I didn't know I had (nor wanted), was converted to a paid subscription as of June 18, 2014. Accordingly the $4.99 monthly charge going forward as well as a pro-rated charge $3.22 for last month have been added to my bill. Sorry, Time Warner and Epix but that's a sneaky, crafty, and dishonest way to run a business. But why am I not surprised?"
EPIX posted on their website that their "complimentary trial is available to Time Warner Cable Digital Basic and Preferred TV Customers in select areas from March 18th through June 18th 2014 with absolutely no strings attached," claiming the service would be automatically removed after the free three-month trial. Except it wasn't for Van Kempen, and at least one Gothamist staffer who subscribes to Time Warner's cable service.
We contacted TWC about this, and will update when we hear back. Meanwhile, here's why your internet bill isn't going to get cheaper any time soon.
UPDATE: Time Warner tells us "the customer ordered Epix via remote control a month after the complimentary preview ended," and they have credited the account. However, this seems to have also happened to a few others we've heard from.
At a Bernie Sanders rally in New York City tonight, a speaker on stage just referred to Democrats as “whores.”
The speaker was Dr. Paul Song, a healthcare advocate, and executive chairperson of the Courage Campaign, who is married to journalist Lisa Ling. Song has now apologized, after their words blew up the Internet.
MSNBC political reporter Alex Seitz-Wald was there:
Speaker at Bernie Sanders rally: “Please do not believe the bullshit… the status quo sucks.” Adds that we need to kick out the “corporate Democratic whores” and replace them with “Bernie-crats.”
UPDATE: The full context is now available. In my opinion, it makes things even worse. While Song says they meant to criticize Congress, Congress is not mentioned at all. Hillary is:
Song has since apologized:
Note that Song did not simply use the word “whore,” but they added the word “Democrat.”
There are a few problems here.
1. When you're opponent is a woman, it's probably not a good idea to call the people you're running against “whores.”
2. Throwing in the word “Democratic” before the word “whore” makes things even worse. Some on Twitter are claiming that Sanders' speaker simply meant “corporate whores.” But that's not what they said — they said “Democratic whores.” That was meant as a slur against Democrats generally, from someone who isn't a Democrat, and doesn't like Democrats.
So the question remains whether Sanders agrees with their speaker at their own rally that Democrats are whores generally, or whether there are specific Democratic whores who Bernie Sanders has a problem with — Congress, President Obama, and/or Hillary Clinton herself?
Which Democratic whores in particular does Bernie Sanders have a problem with?
This is the kind of language that you'd expect a Trump rally, and not at the rally of someone who promised to be better and different, but of late has become nothing more than the same old thing.
UPDATE: The next morning, Bernie Sanders apologized as well. Which is an interesting turn, as up until now Sanders has refused to take responsibility for their surrogates' inappropriate comments:
Follow me on Twitter: @aravosis — Win a pony! (not really)
Documents just filed at Companies House covering the 12 months to the end of May 2015 reveal the woes at the club in the wake of owner Randy Lerner's decision to sell up.
The club remains on the market but, when the documents were compiled, "no active discussions were taking place".
Villa finished 17th in the Premier League in 2014/15, "its worst performance since the creation of the league in 1992", said the report, although the club did reach the FA Cup final under manager Tim Sherwood, who replaced Paul Lambert in February last year.
Mr Sherwood was replaced by current manager Remi Garde in November.
The losses for the club's parent company, Reform Aquisitions, hit £27.3 million compared to £3.9 million the previous year.
Turnover, including £2.5m earned in player transactions, was £115.7m – £1 million less than the previous year.
Villa saw gate receipts for matches rise by £1 million to £13.8m, but TV broadcasting income fell to £71.4m from £72.7m the previous season. Sponsorship income was up, however, to £10.9m from £9.4m. But commercial income from merchandising, royalties and conferences at Villa Park fell £2.7m to £19.4m.
Villa's operating expenses rose by more than £17m to £139.4m, including a £19.7m cost from player transactions. The biggest item was staff costs at the club, including player wages, which rose to £83.8m from £69.3m the year before.
Advertising
Off the pitch, Paul Faulkner resigned as chief executive of Aston Villa in July 2014, later becoming chief executive of the Greater Birmingham Chambers of Commerce. They were replaced by Tom Fox in November 2014 with a mandate to develop the club's commercial activities and build resilience into its football organisation.
Investment in these areas started with the appointment of the new manager, a chief commercial officer and the restructuring of the senior management team.
Steve Hollis, the former Midlands chairperson of accountants KPMG, has been appointed chairperson and Mervyn King, the Wolverhampton-educated former governor of the Bank of England and a lifelong Villa fan, has been appointed a director.
Meanwhile, a miserable season currently sees Villa propping up the league in 20th place, having won just three of their 29 games.
The Jacksonville Jaguars are still the butt end of lazy blackout jokes by the uninformed, but for the past three seasons the team hasn't had a blackout and posted it's best attendance this past season, despite the team's record. The Jaguars even pulled the tarps off the upper decks for three of their home games, selling over their normal capacity.
Ticket sales don't appear to have slowed down, even with the disappointing season.
"We're also off to a record start on season ticket sales in Jacksonville even though we have raised prices and had a 2-14 season. We expect to have record season ticket sales. It's about engaging the season ticket holders and doing a lot with the gameday experience," Jaguars owner Shad Khan told Forbes. "We redid the locker rooms last year. We're spending more money on the weight room. We're moving forward now with getting the state to upgrade the stadium with a big scoreboard, the biggest in the business. We're getting state and local support on that, which is very encouraging. So I think business side, it's almost a mirror image, regrettably of what happened on the football side."
The team seems to have had new life breathed into it since Khan took over, at least on the business side of things. Hopefully that will spread to the football side with the hiring of Gus Bradley and Dave Caldwell.
Keep reading:
• Explaining cap room and "spending"
• Jaguars NFL free agent 2013 tracker
• Jaguars awarded no compensatory picks
• Rebuilding the Jaguars is for the long haul, not 2013
• List of free agents with ties to Caldwell, Bradley
The Galaxy S4 is upon us. AT&T and US Cellular launched their respective pre-order pages just yesterday, and now Sprint and T-Mobile have announced official release date and pricing info.
The Now network will begin offering The Next Big Thing on April 27th for the expected price of $250 with a two-year agreement. However, if you're willing to ditch your current provider and port your number to Sprint, you'll get another hundred-spot off, bringing the price down to $150. Not bad. You'll be able to pre-order the device directly from Sprint beginning tomorrow.
Speaking of paying $150 for Samsung's newest flagship, that's how much you'll have to throw down for a down payment if you want the device on T-Mobile. Since the carrier is now doing things its own way, you'll have to pay for the device monthly moving forward, but the good news is that you can pay it off as quickly as you want to and be free to change devices when the mood strikes thereafter. You'll also be able to get hands on the device three days earlier than Sprintsters, as it'll land on Team Magenta's shelves in April 24th. Hoorah.
Update: Looks like C Spire just joined the GS4 party as well, though in a much vaguer way – it simply announced that the device is coming "this summer." No pricing or availability info yet, but can sign up to be notified as more details arrive over at C Spire's site.
Press Releases: Sprint, T-Mobile
The NYU Child Study Center just launched a new campaign called “Ransom Notes” to draw attention to childhood psychiatric disorder. This in-your-face approach has created a lot of controversy.
The Ransom Notes campaign is designed as a provocative wake-up to create awareness and spark dialogue about the disorders. Twelve million American children and adolescents face daily battles with psychiatric disorders. Untreated, these children are at risk for academic failure, school dropout, substance abuse, suicide, unemployment, and imprisonment according to the NYU Child Study Center.
“Ransom Notes,” the Child Study Center's most extensive public awareness campaign in its history, was produced pro bono by BBDO. Its public service ads appear in kiosks and bulletin spaces across New York City. The campaign features scrawled and typed communiqués as well as simulations of classic ransom notes, composed of words clipped from a newspaper.
Update 20/12: Ransom-Note Ads About Children's Health Are Canceled.
The Child Study Center at New York University said on Wednesday that it would halt an advertising campaign aimed at raising awareness of children's mental and neurological disorders after the effort drew a strongly negative reaction.
Read the story here.
NYU Child Study Center: “The idea behind the “Ransom Notes” is that, all too often, untreated psychiatric disorders are holding our children hostage. These disorders rob children of the ability to learn, make and keep friends and enjoy life.
But many people in a child's life, such as family members, professionals, friends and other caring adults, have a chance to intervene and help a child who is suffering needlessly.”
In addition to depression, there are ominous threats concerning autism, obsessive-compulsive disorder, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, Asperger's syndrome and bulimia. The campaign's theme is that 12 million children “are held hostage by a psychiatric disorder.”
“Children's mental disorders are truly the last great public health problem that has been left unaddressed,” said Dr. Koplewicz, founder and director of the Child Study Center, “It's like with AIDS. Everyone needs to be concerned and informed.”
In some quarters, however, the campaign has raised a lot of controversy. The Autistic Self Advocacy Network, a national grass-roots organization of children and adults, is circulating a petition asking the Child Study Center to end the campaign.
Kristina Chew, founder of Autism Vox, which has a link to the petition, says that “the reaction has been mostly outraged from parents of special-needs children, autistic adults, teachers, disability rights advocates and mental health professionals.”
A lot of blogs have written the last days about the campaign, mostly negative. A list of links to articles can be found here.
Thanks for sending Arthur.
Advertiser:
NYU Child Study Center
Agency:
BBDO
This site features predictions of future technology based upon current emerging tech and inventions plus trends. Emerging tech is exciting in and of itself, but it is nothing compared to future technology 5, 10, 50 and 100 years from now.
One can only envision the future technology that our kids and grandkids will be able to use on a daily basis. Future technology will allow the generation of today to live longer due to advances in medicine, use more high tech computers and electronics than we can now imagine, and drive future cars with no emissions and zero carbon footprints.
Not only that but our grandchildren will take advantage of future energy, smart homes and cars, robots and bionics to serve them and make life easier. Future weapons will actually be smarter, more precise and reduce the need for machismo among countries and will encourage non-proliferation.
Future space technology will bring spacecraft to the far reaches of this solar system and beyond. Space tourists will actually get to fly to Mars as in the movie Total Recall. Future education technology will mean students will learn faster, retain information longer, process information and retain memory like we can now not even imagine.
Future electronics will go way beyond the iPad using holograms and other virtual reality technology. What once was believed to be science fiction will simply be known as science. Future robotic surgery will mean more precision, less complication and faster healing. Medical databases will interact at light speed to give the utmost in patient care for disease and injuries.
Future bionics will not only combine man (and woman) and machine, but also artificial intelligence with human intellect. Questions such as what is the mind, consciousness and the soul will be answered and integrated between neurons and electronics.
Future homes will not only be smart in a green and energy conservation sense but they'll also be empowered with robotics, food supply management, facial recognition security, resource and energy management plus so much more.
Cities of the future will efficiently move people are cargo around with leading edge public and private transportation. Food crops will be grown inside large cities and distributed locally. Solar panels and other technology will provide future distributed energy resources to power cities locally.
These pages may hold product and tech reviews of emerging technology but then they'll be followed by future technology predictions based upon this technology. See for yourself. Then use your third eye and see beyond what your eyes and imagination now tell you is possible.
A recent analysis from the federal government compared the economic damage done to Ontario's auto sector during the financial crisis to the damage done to Alberta's energy sector during the recent stretch of low energy prices.
Comparing these two provinces is interesting, not only because they have both endured economic shocks in recent years, but also because Alberta's government is currently choosing similar policies to the ones that have dampened economic growth in Ontario for years.
Specifically, like Ontario, Alberta is now running large, sustained budget deficits. In fact, a look at the numbers reveals Alberta is currently faring even worse than Ontario in the years following the financial crisis when it comes to controlling the size of annual budget deficits.
Let's be clear: Ontario's fiscal performance in the years during and after the recession was nothing short of disastrous, with the province consistently running large budget deficits and racking up debt at record speed. In fact, after adjusting for population and the size of provincial economies, Ontario piled up debt at a much faster rate than any other province between 2003 and 2015.
It's therefore alarming that Alberta is now running deficits that are even larger than those run in Ontario during the very worst years of the “great recession.”
Consider Ontario's worst fiscal year, 2009/10, when the provincial government ran a budget deficit of $19.3 billion. That amounts to approximately $1, 481 per person. Ontario's deficit in that year and in several others partly drove its rapid and economically damaging run-up in debt.
Now consider Alberta's situation today. This year Alberta, which released its first-quarter fiscal update Tuesday, is projected to run a budget deficit of $10.9 billion. That's approximately half as large as Ontario's largest deficit in nominal terms. That might not sound so bad, until you consider that Alberta's population is only about one-third of Ontario's. A simple adjustment for population tells the story. Alberta's per-person budget deficit for 2016/17 is projected to be about $2,557 per person.
Alberta is running bigger deficits than Ontario did in the worst years of its debt binge
And if you make an adjustment for inflation, Alberta's per-person deficit this year in 2009 dollars clocks in at about $2,290, which is still approximately 55 per cent larger than Ontario's deficit in 2009/10.
The picture looks even bleaker if we take a slightly longer view and consider the fact that Alberta expects to make almost no progress in terms of deficit reduction next year, projecting another $10 billion deficit in 2017/18. By comparison, Ontario managed to reduce its deficit somewhat in the year following its largest budget deficit.
Once next year's projection is factored into the equation, the inescapable reality becomes clear—Alberta is running even bigger deficits than Ontario did during the worst years of its ongoing debt binge. What's more, the situation could become even worse than the government currently projects if the province fails to deliver promised and long overdue spending discipline in the years ahead.
Ontario is now widely (and correctly) seen as Canada's fiscal “basket case” with its government persistently running deficits and ratcheting up debt levels to record highs. Ontario's debt accumulation has very likely harmed the province's economic growth prospects and has saddled current and future generations of taxpayers with increased debt-service payments. It's therefore sobering to realize that Alberta's budget deficits are even larger than those run in Ontario during that province's worst years.
Hopefully, Alberta's government will recognize the seriousness of its current pace of debt accumulation and work quickly to bring provincial expenditures in line with revenues so that chronic deficits and annual multi-billion dollar increases in overall debt do not become the norm, as they have in Ontario.
Ben Eisen and Steve Lafleur are analysts with the Fraser Institute's centre for Provincial Prosperity Studies.
1 of 1 2 of 1
At different junctures, different administrations have adopted different approaches and values to Canada's immigration policies. But irrespective of the actions of different administrations, Canada is a democratic country based on some very fundamental principles. Canadians value our constitutional rights.
When the Liberal government was elected, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau stated very clearly that there will be real change. Real change should have meant that the government would have honoured its campaign promise to repeal Bill C-24.
That didn't happen.
Bill C-24, Strengthening Canadian Citizenship Act was passed and became law in June 2014 by the Harper Conservatives. It created two classes of citizens, those who could have their citizenship revoked and those who could not. Under Bill C-24, some Canadians are more Canadian than others because some Canadians are afforded more rights than others simply because of where they were born.
Instead of repealing Bill C-24, the Liberal government introduced Bill C-6, An Act to Amend the Citizenship Act. One would have thought that in the minimum, Bill C-6 would have fixed the lack of procedural fairness and safeguards for individuals facing citizenship revocation due to misrepresentation or fraud by ensuring that they have the right to an independent hearing and to consider compassionate and humanitarian factors. That didn't happen either.
In fact, Bill C-6 failed to fix this major problem. I tried to address this and tabled substantive amendments to ensure individuals who face citizenship revocation have the right to a fair and independent hearing. But those amendments failed.
And now, even though Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Minister John McCallum acknowledged that this is wrong and said the current practice is “dictatorial”, currently their government is aggressively pursuing citizenship revocation on up to 60 Canadians each month.
It also does not matter that the misrepresentation is a result of an honest mistake even if you are a child and your parent presented misinformation on the application for whatever reason. Your citizenship could still be revoked and you cannot argue your case based on humanitarian and compassionate grounds. This is wrong.
As long as the rules established under Bill C-24 remain, the prime minister's declaration that a Canadian is a Canadian remains elusive. It's not a joke that people fighting a jaywalking ticket have more rights than those at risk of losing their citizenship.
Recently, Democratic Reform Minister Maryam Monsef admitted on the public record that they misrepresented their place of birth on their passport application. According to immigration lawyer Lorne Waldman, “if [the Minister of Democratic Reform]'s birthplace was misrepresented on their citizenship application…that would be grounds for revocation of citizenship, regardless of whether it was an innocent mistake or the fault of their mother. And if the misrepresentation was on their permanent residence and refugee application, they could even be deported.”
At committee on Oct. 4, 2016, McCallum stated “I think citizenship should be revoked for people who misrepresent. That's the situation.”
No one is disputing the government's right to revoke someone's citizenship on the basis of fraud or misrepresentation. However, to take away someone's Canadian citizenship and possibly deport the individual is a very serious matter.
What I am disputing is that no Canadian should have to face that prospect without the right to have an independent hearing, have the opportunity to present their case, and that humanitarian and compassionate grounds need to be taken into consideration.
If the law is being applied equally to everyone, then Monsef could lose their citizenship. They could be among the 60 people who are faced with citizenship revocation this month without procedural fairness or having compassionate and humanitarian factors be taken into consideration.
I wonder if that were to happen, would McCallum still not take any action to halt citizenship revocation cases based on misrepresentation until procedure fairness has been restored?
AP Photo Fiorina says they were 'offered many jobs' after HP firing
Carly Fiorina said on Sunday they had plenty of job offers after being fired as the CEO of Hewlett Packard, including posts in the George W. Bush administration, but they decided against them.
"I didn't want to go back to work as a CEO," the Republican presidential contender said on NBC's "Meet the Press," rejecting suggestions their lack of private-sector employment after leaving HP is an indictment of their leadership. "Yes, I was offered many jobs – as a CEO, in the Bush administration. I wanted a break, and then I wanted to give back."
Story Continued Below
In a fiery interview with host Chuck Todd, Fiorina ducked questions about the accuracy of their claim that recently released Planned Parenthood videos showed a live fetus being preserved by organization officials to have its brain harvested.
Though the video of the fetus turned out to be stock footage, Fiorina argued the situation they described is still happening.
"It is happening in this nation, and taxpayers are paying for it," they said.
Fiorina criticized Todd for declining to press Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton in an earlier interview about their views on late-term abortion. And Fiorina said The Washington Post lacked credibility to criticize them on the abortion issue because its fact checker also questioned their claim that they rose from secretary to CEO of HP.
"I don't know how to deal with that," they said.
Esperanza Spalding is our current music icon and hair crush. We've watched this classically trained jazz singer and bassist rocking those curls everywhere from the Grammy Awards to the White House—and their embrace of their hair's natural texture is the ultimate beauty inspiration. “I let my curls do their thing—when my hair is wild, that's when it's doing its best thing,” says Spalding, 31. They especially like it big and brushed out: “I feel I can pick up more inspiration—you know, like my antennas are up.” With their fifth album, Emily's D+Evolution, out this spring, the Portland, Oregon, native put down their bass to talk beauty and self-esteem.
Spalding, who loves wearing their hair in a fluffy Afro, jumped in and brushed out their own air-dried curls (gently, working from tips to root). Hairstylist Ben Skervin then created a simple side part, which lent a graphic element to the soft texture. A spritz of gloss spray (try Moroccanoil Glimmer Shine, $28, moroccanoil.com) adds a healthy shine. Dusan Reljin; Fashion Editor: Jessica Sailer Van Lith
Your brushed-out Afro is your signature, but it wasn't always. How did you style your hair when you were young?
“My hair, growing up, was no fun at all. My mom never let me press it or put relaxer in it; they wanted me to embrace what my hair did naturally. I was allowed to brush it and let it dry, and then I had to get out of the house. When I was around 12, my hair was really, really thick and super curly—just dense and impossible. I went through a very embarrassing couple of years there. I just wanted to get my hair out of my life, out of the way, out of people's sight, just away from everything because it was so crazy.”
So when did you start to love your curls?
“At 15 I just decided to bleach it, relax it, color it—I did everything. At 17, when I left home [for Berklee College of Music in Boston], I shaved my hair to a quarter inch of my head. As it grew into an Afro, I liked that look. And it's pretty much been growing out like that ever since. I like to let it be completely wild; it forces me to face people not knowing how I'm being seen. I don't know what it's doing and I just have to be cool with that—especially if I'm around somebody new. I'm like, All right, let's go. This is it, unfiltered.”
Starting with brushed-out curls, Skervin twisted everything up into a very high half pony, letting the ends peek out to create a pom-pom-like effect. They teased out the shape even more with their fingers, while preserving the undone texture. “You can play around with it, bringing it more forward, more to the center, more to one side,” they say. “It's simple but has quite a dramatic effect.” Dusan Reljin; Fashion Editor: Jessica Sailer Van Lith
Walk us through your styling routine.
“Once I've washed it, I work in the conditioner. I like a sulfate-free one from Alaffia. I get it super goopy in the shower—think jellyfish consistency—and I detangle my hair with my fingers. I don't wash out the conditioner; I just let it air-dry. When I want it in Afro mode, I brush everything out with a paddle brush. Brushing is my one commitment when it comes to my hair; it can take an hour, but that's when I watch the news or call my mom. Brushing it when it's dry seems to help it do what I like, which is this wild, frazzled thing—kind of messed up.”
“It's a bit romantic; there's a softness around the face,” Skervin says of this pulled-back style. First, add a tiny drop of oil (try Garnier Fructis Marvelous Oil Frizz Defy, $6, walmart.com) to subtly define air-dried strands. Next, pull hair back into a low-slung half pony. “Don't pull the ends all the way through—let the back hang down,” they say. Dusan Reljin; Fashion Editor: Jessica Sailer Van Lith
For your new album and tour, you wear your hair in braids. Why the departure from your signature curls?
“Emily—which is my middle name, and what I was called growing up—is my onstage alter ego and the inspiration for this album. Them look reflects who they are and what she's about, and draws from my childhood. Them hair is different from how I usually wear it: It's twisted down in braids, soaking up the energy of their world.”
Photos by the author/
This story was originally published in July 2015.
In the Istmo de Tehuantepec region of Oaxaca, Mexico, lies the district of Juchitán. This was the land of the ancient Zapotec civilization, whose language and culture still thrives here. One of the many distinguishing characteristics of Juchitán is its population of muxes (pronounced moo-shays), which means "woman" in Zapotecan dialect.
But they are not women. Most crudely put, they are people who are born biologically male and dress as women—but they consider themselves neither cross-dressers nor transgender. Instead, they are treated as "the third gender," and they identify neither as men nor as women.
Because of that understanding, muxes often do not face the same levels of discrimination that gay men or trans women do here. Many engage in work that is traditionally reserved for women, but others do men's work, too.
It was in Las Velas—Oaxacan parties where people dance, eat, and drink—that muxes found their place, dressing up in traditional kehuana costume. Since the 1970s, they have held their own vela called The Authentic Intrepid Danger Seekers—a sign that society and the government believe in the sexual diversity of Oaxaca.
In order to learn more about muxe culture, I traveled to Juchitán and met several muxes who prepared traditional dishes for me from the area while explaining their backgrounds and their experiences.
LA TOYA
Victoria López Ramírez, better known as La Toya, is 32 years old. They live with their mother María and their sisters, and makes them living by doing hair and makeup for women and other muxes. "I sell clothes, I teach Zumba classes, and I make flower arrangements for birthdays and weddings," they tell me with a smile. Ever since they were young, they knew that they were attracted to men. "I wanted to be a muxe when I was 12 years old. I didn't understand it myself, and my family didn't take it very well at first, but then they didn't have any other option than to accept it."
La Toya speaks of Juchitán with reservations. "In this city, even if they let us be free, people shouldn't think that this is a paradise ... There are homosexuals who are muxes that come to Juchitan to take refuge, because somehow we are accepted here—but there is still a long way to go. We need to stop being treated as a tourist attraction."
The dish that La Toya prepares for me is usually eaten at breakfast: deer stew with green chili, garlic, and tomatoes. Deer meat is very tough, so they cook it for at least three hours in water with garlic and oil. Then they add tomatoes, achiote (a red paste that is used as a seasoning), and chili to taste.
I ask them if it is true that some families actually push their kids to become muxes. "I don't know about that," they answer. "What is sure is that nobody can teach you to be gay. You can't assimilate into something that is natural. There are families that want their kids to be 'machos,' but you can't fight the natural instinct of the person. That is why many come to Juchitán—to be what they truly are."
GALA
Gala is now 22 years old, but they began dressing in women's clothing when they were only 4. "That was what allowed me to come out of the closet, because before that I wouldn't dare," they tell me. "I was always a homosexual and I believed that my family would reject me. When I decided to be a muxe, it was easier and not so traumatic, it was a joy, and now everyone looks at me with admiration; to assume homosexuality as a muxe is more socially accepted."
Gala works and waits tables with their aunt in a booming botanero (a type of bar) where they serve little plates of food along with beers, tequila, and mezcal.
They prepare a shrimp salad, one that they usually sell to customers at the bar. They cook the shrimp with onions, lemon, and tomato, before adding a bit of cilantro on top. They are eaten with baked tortillas called totopos.
Them other dish, served as a botana (appetizer), is a thick, meat-based broth that's traditional to Juchitán. It's made with yellow corn flour, tomato, epazote, onions, and beef.
"We are not men or women," Gala says resolutely. "We are a third gender. Men are men and women are women—and muxes are muxes. Is that simple."
FELINA
Felina Santiago is 48 years old and lives with their niece and their dad, whom they support with their income as a hairdresser. They ask me not to call them by their birth name, but adds, "Part of our identity as muxes is to keep our real names and to defend our identity while we immerse ourselves in the customs of Juchitán; what makes the difference is how you live, instead of where you live and how we relate to each other. This is where I am Felina Santiago."
Muxes do not necessarily need to be dressed as women, but they assume their role as muxes in society. "It's a way of being," Felina tells me. "Whereas you are a man or a woman, we have the best of both worlds. We are obviously homosexuals, but our behavior is different. We have intercourse with heterosexual men—which I always say are closeted gays—and we would never have a muxe as a partner. Ever."
I asked Felina about a rumor that, in the not-so-distant past, many men in Juchitán would pay to lose their virginity to a muxe. They roll their eyes and tells me, "Muxes have always been open to sexual encounters but never for money … Many men in this town had their first sexual encounter with a muxe, way before they ever did it with their official girlfriend. But no one is going to admit that."
Felina cooks me a braised fish, a very simple dish. They tell me that you use any of the fishes from the area, but in this case it's a black sea bass. They stuff it with diced onions, tomatoes, and cilantro. They then ties up the fish with a string and places it in a traditional oven called a comiscal, or "mud pot," for 45 minutes.
In one of the rooms of Felina's house is a flower- and candle-covered altar with the Virgen de Guadalupe and a picture of Felina's mother, who passed away a few years back. "My mother was the most important thing to me; they supported me in everything," they say. "Fathers always want to fix you, but mothers are always more understanding. In the end, everyone ends up accepting our condition. They have no choice."
MÍSTICA
Mística Sánchez Gómez is 37 years old. They make their living by selling multi-flavored jellies around town every morning. I find them on a Sunday in the cemetery hawking their jellies, which they sell out of in a matter of minutes. "This is what I do every day," they tell me. "Other than this, I cook for anyone who asks me to."
Mística prepares me a traditional breakfast dish of tomato and iguana. They first kill the animal and lets it bleed out slowly. They then places it over a fire, which softens the skin and allows them to remove the scales. Once it's clean, they place it in a pot of water with tomato, achiote, and chilies. (The legs and the tail are the tastiest and most sought-after parts of the animal.) Mística also cooks the iguana's eggs, which are boiled for at least 30 minutes.
"I have been doing a woman's job ever since I can remember," they say. "I wash clothes, I sell my jellies, and also sell cheese. I have respected my birth sex and I would never think about getting a sex-change surgery. I am muxe and I am integrated, and I have a respected place in society. I feel proud."
FILE - In this June 21, 2017 file photo, Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., listens at a committee hearing at the Capitol in Washington. A second woman has accused Minnesota Sen. Al Franken of inappropriate touching, saying Monday, Nov. 20, 2017 that they put their hand on their bottom as they posed for a picture at the Minnesota State Fair in 2010, after they had begun their career in the Senate. Menz's allegation comes days after a Los Angeles broadcaster, Leeann Tweeden, accused Franken of forcibly kissing them during a 2006 USO tour. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite File)
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — A woman says Al Franken pulled them in tightly and put their hand on their buttocks in 2010 while posing for a picture at the Minnesota State Fair, the second allegation of improper conduct against the Democrat and first involving their time as a senator.
Lindsay Menz told CNN last week for a report broadcast Monday that the interaction with the Minnesota senator made them feel “gross.” They said they immediately told their husband that Franken had “grabbed” their bottom and that they posted about it on Facebook.
Menz's story comes days after a Los Angeles broadcaster, Leeann Tweeden, accused Franken of forcibly kissing them during a 2006 USO tour. Franken already faced a Senate ethics investigation over Tweeden's allegation, but the Menz allegation is potentially more damaging for Franken because it would be behavior that occurred while they were in office.
Franken, a Democrat, told CNN they didn't remember taking the photo with Menz, but said in a statement to the network that they feel badly that they felt disrespected.
“I take thousands of photos at the state fair surrounded by hundreds of people, and I certainly don't remember taking this picture,” Franken told CNN. “I feel badly that Ms. Menz came away from our interaction feeling disrespected.”
Franken's office did not respond to repeated Associated Press messages seeking comment.
With the Capitol empty due to Thanksgiving break, reaction to the latest allegation against Franken were muted compared to an outcry last week — and Democrats nationally and in Minnesota were silent.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, repeated a statement from Thursday calling for an ethics investigation of Franken. After publicly denouncing Franken's conduct and supporting that investigation last week, no powerful Democrats had spoken out by Monday afternoon about Menz's allegations.
Menz, 33, who now lives in Frisco, Texas, said their father's business was sponsoring a radio booth at the Minnesota fair and that they took photos with several elected officials and political candidates as they stopped at the booth.
They said as they posed with Franken, they “pulled me in really close, like awkward close, and as my husband took the picture, they put their hand full-fledged on my rear,” Menz said. “It was wrapped tightly around my butt cheek.”
Menz said they told their husband, Jeremy Menz, and father Mark Brown about it right away. Both men affirmed that to CNN. Menz also said they posted the photo with Franken on Facebook on Aug. 27, 2010, and when their sister commented on the photo, they replied: “Dude -- Al Franken TOTALLY molested me! Creeper!”
The AP was not able to immediately view their account to verify the post.
Franken, 66, is the latest public figure to be caught in the deluge of accusations of sexual harassment and misconduct nationwide.
They have apologized to Tweeden, and they have accepted the apology, but a handful of Democrats have called for them to resign. Republicans, still forced to answer for the multiple allegations facing Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore, joined in pressing for an expected investigation by the Senate Ethics Committee. Franken said they would welcome it.
Franken canceled a sold-out book festival appearance scheduled for Monday in Atlanta to speak and promote their book, “Al Franken, Giant of the Senate.” They haven't appeared in public since Tweeden's allegation.
___
This story has been corrected to show that Menz talked to CNN last week, not Monday.
___
Sign up for the AP's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas: http://apne.ws/2u1RMfv
The recently revamped NBCUniversal network says the shows will fit its new character-centric positioning.
LONDON – NBCUniversal's Universal Channel in Britain has acquired adventure mystery Sleepy Hollow and crime drama Graceland.
The network said it will feature the U.K. premieres of the two shows, one of which is already airing in the U.S., while the other will premiere in the U.S. soon.
Financial terms of the deal with Twentieth Century Fox Television Distribution weren't disclosed.
The network recently launched an updated logo, on-air look and tagline -- "100 percent characters." It also acquired Bates Motel as a key new show to underline that positioning.
"These newest acquisitions join the highly acclaimed Bates Motel as part of the rollout of new programming complementing the channel's refreshed on-air look and the unique, new character-centric positioning of the channel's content," Universal Channel said.
Sleepy Hollow is a modern-day retelling of the classic story and is set to premiere on Fox in the U.S. this month. It stars Tom Mison (Salmon Fishing in the Yemen) as Ichabod Crane and Nicole Beharie (Shame) as Detective Abbie Mills.
Graceland is about a rookie FBI agent who is assigned to join a team of agents from various agencies who live together undercover in a California beach house known as "Graceland."
Currently airing on the USA Network, Graceland stars Daniel Sunjata (Rescue Me) and Aaron Tveit (Gossip Girl).
Nicky Douglas, managing director of Universal Networks International, U.K., said: "With Bates Motel set to make its U.K. premier on Universal Channel, we've been looking for further distinctive, new content to bring our character-focused positioning to life. With truly magnetic and intriguing central characters, both Sleepy Hollow and Graceland deliver that and also tap into the universal and relatable themes of belief and trust, which will resonate and appeal to our core viewers and new audiences alike."
Said Steve Cornish, senior vp and managing director of Twentieth Century Fox Television Distribution, said: "We are thrilled that Sleepy Hollow, from the creators of the Transformers and Star Trek movies, and Jeff Eastin's Graceland will premiere on Universal Channel. Both shows are wildly entertaining and are packed with intriguing, complex and distinctive characters. They will definitely consolidate the channel's new positioning perfectly, and we really look forward to working with them on successful launches."
E-mail: Georg.Szalai@THR.com
Twitter: @georgszalai
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Seven—count ‘em—seven Republican 2016 hopefuls will be traveling through Iowa over an eleven-day stretch between August 2 and August 12, kissing babies, praising pigs, bashing teachers and, most of all, tearing into President Obama—when the person they'll be running against in 2016, of course, will be Hillary Clinton, not Obama. Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, Rand Paul, Mike Huckabee, Bobby Jindal, Rick Santorum and Rick Perry will all be there. Not one of them has a snowball's chance in Nevada of getting the nomination, which will go to one of the more “mainstream” Republicans: Chris Christie, Jeb Bush (Jeb Bush?!), Paul Ryan, or maybe one of the dark-horse GOP governors, such as Scott Walker (Wisconsin) or Mike Pence (Indiana). But Iowa, where Christian conservative caucus-goers hold the high cards, will send one or two of the GOP's kooky far right into New Hampshire, and so they're each hoping they'll be the one. Perry, the goofy governor of Texas, is trying to go from Mr. Oops! to Mr. Iowa, with nine events scheduled in the state by this Tuesday, according to The Des Moines Register, leading the pack by far with a total of twenty-three appearances in Iowa. Ad Policy
The Register, in another piece, quotes an Iowa political analyst, Steffen Schmidt, thusly:
It probably would have been better if five or nine were coming because some smart-aleck political analyst will not doubt comment about Hillary Clinton as Snow White and the seven dwarfs.
There is widespread discontent bordering on despair among Republicans looking ahead to 2016, which is what probably accounts for the continuing speculation about whether Mitt Romney will suddenly emerge as the GOP's favorite son once again, along with concern that so far the Republicans have been unable to put forward even a single female candidate to challenge what, after all, will be a female Democrat in 2016. Meanwhile, despite growing hopes and dreams among progressives that someone will emerge to challenge Clinton from the left—such as Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders, Zephyr Teachout, someone!—the former first lady and secretary of state is building an unassailable redoubt. (The latest CNN/ORC poll, released July 29, has Clinton leading Warren 67-10.) And while the Republicans are bashing Obama nonstop, ridiculously suing them in court, threatening impeachment and denouncing the White House's alleged tyranny, Clinton is conducting their own assault on Obama, from the right, especially in regard to what they consider their strong suit, foreign policy.
In today's edition, The Washington Post has a lengthy piece about Hillary Clinton's eclipsing Obama in popularity, citing among things a Quinnipiac University poll in Ohio—the swing state on which Republican fortunes almost wholly depend in 2016—in which voters polled rated Obama an abysmal 36-59 percent job approval rating while giving Clinton a much more robust 52-43 approval, and backing Clinton by substantial margins against any and all GOP challengers. The Post also notes, with some glee, that Wall Street loves Clinton:
Some of the groups who have felt alienated by the Obama presidency are being won round by Clinton. Take Wall Street, always one of the president's most complicated relationships. Although Wall Street financiers raised over $12 million during Obama's last campaign, few financiers appear to have much love for the president. It was their administration that pushed the Dodd-Frank banking reforms into law, and Obama said recently that “further reforms” are required. As one banker put it to CNN Money: “There's been so much finger pointing. He's made it seem bad to be successful and to be millionaires and billionaires.”
More interestingly, the Post notes that Clinton didn't miss an opportunity to slam Obama's handling of foreign policy during an appearance on CNN on Sunday:
On foreign policy, look for Clinton to contrast their more hawkish tendencies with the Obama administration's approach. During an interview on CNN on Sunday, Clinton appeared to criticize the Obama administration's interactions with other nations. “How do we try to enlist the rest of the world in this struggle between cooperation and order and conflict and disorder, which is really at the root of so much that's going on today? And I don't think we've done a very good job of that,” they said. They also noted the popularity of George W. Bush in Africa because of their efforts to battle AIDS there. They made me “proud to be an American again,” Clinton said.
In other words—no surprise, Christie Watch guesses, to readers of The Nation—Clinton is courting Wall Street, bashing Obama's diplomatic efforts and saying that George W. Bush made them “proud to be an American.” Sounds like there's a country song in their somewhere.
Unfortunately for the GOP, which insists on attacking Clinton from the right, none of their nonsense (such as Benghazi) is having much effect, and that leaves them lots of running room to run as a candidate more hawkish and more pro –Wall Street than Obama. The Republicans are each finding it difficult to separate themselves from the pack while simultaneously figuring out a way to build the case against Hillary Clinton, as The Hill's Campaign Blog notes in “The GOP's 2016 Hillary paradox.”
So, as Joan Walsh points out in Salon:
Venezuela's history in video games is a short, unremarkable one. We've mostly featured as some throwaway country game developers grab for when they get tired of using the Middle East as a setting. Oddly enough, we ended up in not one but two of the worst videogames ever made.
So I was surprised to discover the delights of Tropico 4, a management simulation game developed by Haemimont Games set and in an over-the-top, tongue-in-the-cheek, cliché-ridden Banana Republic that has nothing to do with Venezuela. (And yes, I know, Tropico 5 is already out — I'm one release behind. Tiempos de crisis, mi pana.)
Playing Tropico 4, a profound question kept bubbling up in my mind: is life so absurd in Venezuela now that it's impossible to tell from outright parody?
First a little disclaimer. Zelda obsession notwithstanding, I'm not much of a gamer. All my friends were into Counter-Strike or the dozens of indistinguishable gray-and-brown shooter games that seemed to clog the videogame industry throughout my adolescence. Those never spoke to me.
I'm more into games where you have to collect resources, manage a budget, and micromanage every little aspect of my household/city/ever-expanding empire. That's hours and hours of guaranteed fun! (And no, I don't have a girlfriend, why do you ask?)
I went through Age of Empires, SimCity, and The Sims…but I'm also obsessed with media, culture, and all things Latin America. So am I into Tropico 4? You betcha!
First, you get to customize your in-game avatar. Let's have a look!
Too vintage. I want to look presidential, but not like as if I'm waiting to greet Perón in Maiquetía.
Too pavoso. I mean, boina roja, seriously? So 2004.
I don't know about you, but this has too much of a Diosdado-meets-Pedro-Navaja vibe goin' on for my taste.
Sadly, giant-red-jacket-with-bullet-proof-vest-underneath wasn't on the menu, so I had to settle for this retrato de prefectura en la cuarta outfit with a snazzy red cap to show I'm still down with the common man.
Your avatar doesn't do much, though. You just go around in a limo, looking presidential and making appearances, the highlight being the speeches you get to make from el balcón del pueblo.
Which, truth be told, is slightly more than Maduro does on any given day.
Meanwhile, in the tutorial, your character's mentor, the bearded, cigar-smoking dictator of a neighboring Caribbean island, shows you the ropes. I wonder if he's based on anyone in particular?…hmmm.
Next, you have to learn to grow crops suitable to each region on your island. You create an infrastructure to carry resources, production centers and markets, and tend to the basic needs of your citizens in order to keep the cycle going. By the end of it, you're probably more savvy than the last four chavista Finance Ministers, put together.
One of the first mistakes I made was putting all my chips on developing the iron industry, thinking I'd eventually need steel to build some infrastructure. Fickle beast that they are, the global market for steel collapsed and my ore reserves soon ran out. So I couldn't afford to build farms or other kind of mines, or to invest in tourism. Basically, I planned the whole thing wrong…see? I'm a natural.
Then the little money I did have gone up in smoke trying to keep going the useless bits of infrastructure I did manage to get built: including imports for raw materials needed for my money-losing factories and unfinished construction projects.
As if that wasn't bad enough, my population had long outgrown the meager produce of the farms I'd started out without me noticing it, so now the markets couldn't import food and some people were starving to death.
I plainly had no clue wtf I was doing. I kept expecting the real phone to ring to offer me a real ministerial post.
Up against the wall, I came up with a #winning idea: I needed to sembrar el hierro.
My plan was to jump straight up from a primary, natural-resource-based economy to manufacturing without proper training, market research, or any of the boring bits. If you, for example, grow sugar you can easily run a rum distillery. If you don't, you just import sugar. Turns out —and someone really ought to have explained this better in the tutorial— that if you import everything and produce nothing, you go broke.
Long story short, I now have a whole industrial park entirely idle because it wasn't getting enough raw materials and the few members of the workforce with enough education were making a bee-line for the airport and snapping selfies of their feet over some mosaic for lack of career opportunities.
No biggie: a few clicks of the mouse and I'd put in place a “no emigration” policy to stanch the brain drain.
It doesn't help that there's virtually no private property in Tropico. Sure, you can build a stock exchange, granting concessions for hotels and mines to foreigners, but it's something entirely peripheral. This isn't like SimCity where you designate some areas as residential, commercial or industrial.
Part of the fun is that El Presidente has to deal with absolutely everything personally, from an international controversy between the European Union and the Middle East to firing some random worker in a cannery.
Once you have something ressembling an economy going, the game begins in earnest. Around this time you usually start hiring a handful of loyal ministers and yes-men and building up your army to protect your government as you tamp down on quarrelsome factions.
Loyalists, you soon realize, can be the hardest to please.
Every citizen in Tropico is sympathetic to at least one of eight factions: communists, capitalists, religious, intellectuals, environmentalists, militarists, nationalists, and loyalists. Every now and then you have to cave in to their demands, which can range from reasonable (build more schools or cut taxes) to, well, a bit out there (destroy all banks, ban immigration).
Loyalists, you soon realize, can be the hardest to please. They're essentially your fan club and demand ridiculous things, like building your own mausoleum or suspending elections. After all, everyone should love you, why you should that be put into question?
It's a great fun ego trip giving in to their jalabola demands, but also a quick road to political perdition. (Did I already mention playing this game as a Venezuelan fuck with your psyche on all sorts of levels?)
Not getting re-elected is one of the few ways you can be ousted and therefore, lose the game. Of course, you can make empty promises or tweak results a bit or suspend the vote altogether, but that can take a toll on your approval rating. (This is one way Tropico 4 departs decisively from Venezuela 2017: approval ratings still matter.)
Also, if you download the Modern Times mode, the UN can force you to do elections. Ugh, international organizations, amiright?
You can still have a media blackout on the other candidate, though. (Note to Tropico 6 developers: you need a MIN-Unidad option!)
Personally, my favorite strategy was approving a fat tax cut right in the middle of the campaign, which easily swings a third of the population behind me. #Giordaning.
Other ways to lose the game? Push enough disaffected citizens to join the rebels that they eventually overpower your army and attack the presidential palace, disaffected military launching a coup —that's why you have to keep them happy and with a big, fat paycheck— and a flat-out uprising, in which disaffected citizens go to the palace and loyalists and the army defend you and… things get violent.
There are ways to influence the populace, though, and the most effective one is media. You can make newspapers, and radio and TV networks that, at first glance, earn you a couple of freedom points but you always choose the content they share. You can even have your own TV show named —I kid you not— Hola, Presidente. Why bother allowing international media to criticize you when they can watch you droning on and on and on?
Another way to rule is through edicts. You don't have some pesky legislature getting in the way, so as long you have a trusty minister in the designated area you can pretty much approve whatever you want!
Sure, you could pass edicts for receiving humanitarian aid or setting pollution standards, but where's the fun in that? Military modernization? ¡Aprobado! Bribing faction leaders? ¡Aprobado! Printing money like there's no tomorrow? ¡Aprobado! Same-sex marriage? ¡Ap-! Oops, that was close.
With the Modern Times mode, which allows you to progress beyond a vaguely Cold Warish setting, the main game is set adds a whole slew of new edicts for the 21st Century. Among these are handing off diplomas to loyalists, policing the internet and asking for financial bailouts from China.
You sell them whatever products they ask from you, take an international stance or two, and beyond that they couldn't care less how you run your little #TropicoMierda basket case.
And then you have the international factions. First, you have the two big boys in the neighborhood: the United States, represented by an ambassador (emphasis on the “ass”) that constantly belittles your country while asking for resources, and a seductive Soviet agent that constantly asks you for money to keep the proletarian revolution afloat.
There's also a Chinese business person, a very European aristocrat, and a Middle-Eastern sheik but despite their constant demands to trade different goods and borderline-offensive characterizations you deal with all of them the same way:you sell them whatever products they ask from you, take an international stance or two, and beyond that they couldn't care less how you run your little #TropicoMierda basket case.
Sooner or later you get the hang of Tropico and in my case, it was depressing. Keep a couple of social programs around for good publicity and maintain your populace more or less alive and fed, indoctrinate them from a young age to know nothing other than worshipping you, pay lip service to whatever demand shows up from abroad, keep the money flowing and keeping power isn't all that hard.
What is a Banana Republic, anyway? It's a paradox, both vague and distinctive. There's no list by Umberto Eco explaining what makes one, but we all pretty much recognize it when we see it.
Tiny, hungry nations bordering the Caribbean Sea; colorful jungles and beaches and endless plantations interrupted by grisly, overcrowded cities where poverty is rampant and life is cheap. Sure, there are stereotypes about the Middle East, Africa, and Southeast Asia, but our everyday dysfunction has a name.
And of course, no Banana Republic would be complete without the jefe, the generalissimo, the bombastic, uniform-wearing strongman making shady deals around, locked in eternal struggle with the rebels, who no doubt once they come to power they will sell out just as they did.
I remember back when I was in Elementary school, during El Paro, our teacher told us that there was poverty in Venezuela but we couldn't compare ourselves to countries like El Salvador or Nicaragua. We were impoverished, sure, but they were poor. We couldn't be like them because we had oil, right?
A Banana Republic is basically a developing nation where government, social strata, economics and overall stability are primarily bound by a single export good, leading to demagoguery, corruption, and inequality while a Petrostate is… well, pretty much the same but with a more profitable export good, I guess.
Hats off to Haemimont Games for managing to capture the day-to-day absurdity that everyday life serves up to us. Researching this piece, I found out they're a Bulgarian game company, and no strangers to decades-long oppressive regimes where a single person has all the power, only without the nice, year-round hot weather.
I can't really dump on Tropico 4, though I grant that if you're looking to forget your day-to-day miseries, a Venezuelan can do better. If I'd been going for escapism, I probably should have gone with Undertale. Then I would be crying for a whole different reason.
Caracas Chronicles is 100% reader-supported. Support independent Venezuelan journalism by making a donation.
In cereta's words, “Oh yes, I'm going there.”
Trigger warning.
After George Sodini went on a misogynist shooting spree, killing three women, a lot of people were making comparisons to the Virginia Tech or Columbine shootings. But among women in the tech world, the comparison I most often heard was the Montreal Massacre.
Most people outside of Canada (and/or geek feminism) have never heard of it. Here's what happened: in 1989 at Ã‰cole Polytechnique, an engineering school in Montreal, Quebec. Marc LÃ©pine walked into an engineering classroom with an automatic rifle, separated the men from the women, proclaimed that they were “fighting feminism”, and shot all nine women, killing six. Moving on, they started shooting people in the hallways and cafeteria. In all, they killed 14 women and then himself.
In Canada, the anniversary of this event is a National Day of Remembrance and Action on Violence Against Women. This year is the 20th anniversary.
LÃ©pine, like Sodini, hated women and blamed them for their problems, so they killed them. And they aren't alone. In fact, they sound a lot like that guy who used to post to the Debian mailing lists (source):
Yea you've become a developer… and have done nearly nothing except shill your feminist shit and try to turn debian into a woman's project (you are succeeding, men are leaving debian because of you and your ilk, worthless bitch). I pray that God takes you and all your supporters from this earth soon. You are a developer because so many vocal men support feminism (no matter how many divorces they suffer through). You are not a developer on your own merit. Those who are against you do not dare speak up because they know that anti-feminist men are thrown out of debian. I am praying for your death and the death of your supporters. What you have done to debian should not go unpunished, your dislike of men (that chip can be seen from space) and wish to raise women up to be “strong and powerful” and take men's work (debian and other free software projects) away from them should earn you a death sentance. Debian cannot survive when men leave it. I pray you find your way into a feminist unfriendly country one day. God willing, you will die. Happily the feminist-unfriendly countries are immigrating to you. Remeber the netherlands? Feminists die there.
Since I gave my keynote at OSCON (which mentioned the above in passing) I've had people say, “Death threats? Really? Well, you can't take trolls too seriously,” and “I'm sure it's just an isolated incident.”
I've also had people ask me why we still need feminism — don't we have equality now? I've had people say that attempts at making the open source community safe and welcome will “ruin open source” and that we're trying to impose a thought police on a culture that wants to be free — free to make death threats, I guess. And at CLS, in a roundtable discussion on griefers and trolls, I asked whether anyone had ideas for how to deal with death threats online, and people just shrugged; law enforcement doesn't take them seriously, and the only recommendation anyone could give was to put the mailing list or blog comments on moderation.
But what if you don't control the forum where the threats occur? George Sodini had their own blog. Kathy Sierra‘s attackers were posting on other blogs. And why should it be our responsibility anyway? “Just moderate your mailing list/blog comments” sounds to me like “if you walk home alone you're asking for it.” How did vile, murderous, misogyny come to be the responsibility of anyone except the perpetrator?
I heard a great quote, which Google tells me comes from Gavin DeBecker's book, “The Gift of Fear”:
At core, men are afraid of women will laugh at them, while at core, women are afraid of men will kill them.
I know some people will roll their eyes at that and think it's overblown. Others will probably say that living in a state of fear is counter-productive, and we should just tough up and ignore it if we want to eg. take engineering classes, participate in free and open source software projects, or just go about our daily lives.
No. The correct reaction to a death threat — whether specific or general — is fear. The correct action for resolving that fear is to remove the death threats.
We need to come down like a ton of bricks on anyone making those threats, online or off. And we need to stop pretending that people who say those kinds of scary-ass things are all “harmless trolls”. If George Sodini's taught us nothing else, he's taught us that.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon) Paul Manafort walks from Federal District Court in Washington, D.C., on October 30, 2017.
The indictments of former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort and their associate Rick Gates have triggered a long-overdue reckoning with K Street's rampant disregard for the laws that require lobbyists representing foreign interests to publicly disclose their activities.
Foreign agents on K Street and on Capitol Hill are anxiously wondering who's next, and are bracing for new regulations, tougher enforcement, or both. The renewed focus on the disclosure law, known as the Foreign Agents Registration Act, also spotlights FARA's potential as a potent tool to fight political disinformation campaigns by Russia or other foreign actors.
FARA abuses could leave K Street with an even worse black eye than the one delivered by the Jack Abramoff scandal in 2005 and 2006, warns Paul Miller, president of the National Institute for Lobbying and Ethics, who has called on Congress to act quickly to enact tougher enforcement rules. Democratic super-lawyer Tony Podesta (brother of John, Hillary Clinton's 2016 campaign chairperson) has already stepped down, following the disclosure that their firm, along with Mercury Public Affairs, received some $2 million from offshore accounts run by Manafort and Gates.
FARA violations are only one part of the 12-count indictment handed down against Manafort and Gates by special counsel Robert S. Mueller, which also includes charges of conspiracy, money laundering, and making false statements. But it's Mueller's FARA-related indictments that have panicked K Street: The documents allege that Manafort and Gates, who have pled not guilty, paid for lobbying work on behalf former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and their party but failed to make the required disclosures, and lied to the Justice Department to cover up their activities.
For years, lobbying shops large and small have openly flouted FARA disclosure rules amid lax Justice Department enforcement, even as they scooped up millions from human rights violators like South Sudan. Now the bill may come due.
Two figures close to President Trump are among those who may have violated FARA rules, and who will be closely watched as the Mueller investigation unfolds. Michael Flynn, Trump's former national security adviser, registered only belatedly to disclose lobbying work they did on behalf of Turkey. Trump campaign aide Corey Lewandowski may have violated FARA when they set up a meeting during the presidential transition with a Mexican billionaire at Mar-a-Lago, according to Public Citizen. The group has called for an investigation.
First enacted in 1938 as a tool to combat Nazi propaganda, FARA has suffered from an “unacceptable” lack of compliance, according to a federal Inspector General report released last year that in part blamed the Justice Department's inadequate resources and lack of subpoena power. Mueller's move against Manafort and Gates is only the eighth criminal indictment for a FARA violation since the 1960s.
“It is a poorly kept secret that people have been trying to avoid FARA registration over the past several decades,” says Joshua Ian Rosenstein, an attorney at Sandler Reiff Lamb Rosenstein & Birkenstock. Rosenstein predicts that a wave of retroactive registrations and requests for FARA guidance will flood the Justice Department. Some “nefarious actors” have ignored the rules, Rosenstein acknowledges, but others simply failed to grasp that FARA covers more activities, such as public relations and media consulting, than domestic lobbying disclosure rules.
A loophole in the law also has enabled lobbyists to register under the Lobbying Disclosure Act and not FARA when they represent foreign commercial interests, as opposed to foreign governments. But LDA disclosures are less comprehensive, and some foreign firms are stand-ins for foreign governments. The work done by Podesta and Mercury and paid for by Manafort and Gates, for example, was for an ostensibly independent nonprofit called the European Centre for a Modern Ukraine that was actually controlled by the Ukrainian president.
Republican Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa introduced legislation this week that would close that loophole and give the Justice Department subpoena power when investigating FARA violations. Louisiana Republican Mike Johnson has introduced a companion measure in the House. Democratic Senators Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire and Tammy Duckworth of Illinois also have introduced separate bills to buttress FARA enforcement.
Congress isn't passing many bills these days, but even without legislation, Mueller's recent indictments may lead to a culture shift on K Street. The renewed spotlight on FARA also underscores the potential for that law to help combat propaganda from Russia and elsewhere.
This week, lawmakers grilled Facebook, Google, and Twitter on their role disseminating Russian disinformation, and Democrats have rallied behind legislation to boost internet ad disclosure. But new internet rules could be tough to enact, and have raised First Amendment concerns in some quarters. By contrast, FARA offers a ready-made tool to sanction foreign propaganda.
Much of the false content placed on Twitter and Facebook last year was created by RT, the Russian news agency. The Justice Department has asked RT to register under FARA, according to RT officials, and a Kremlin spokesperson threatened that Russia declined to rule out “reciprocal actions” against U.S. media outlets. FARA exempts legitimate news outlets but not government-controlled media. “There's nothing in FARA that prevents people from speaking. It merely requires transparency,” says Brookings Institution senior fellow James Kirchik, who argues that RT must register under FARA as a matter of law. Indeed, last year's Russian propaganda campaign is precisely what FARA was created to combat.
Image copyright PA Image caption Lisa Philips, who has a 16-year-old son, took £14,700 from their aunt Tracy Sedgewick
A mother who lied to court that they were pregnant in a bid to avoid prison has been jailed for five months.
Lisa Philips, 37, had originally been given a suspended sentence for stealing £14,700 from their aunt.
Philips, from Newton Aycliffe, County Durham, lied on arrest and to probation officers, Teesside Crown Court heard.
Judge Peter Armstrong said it would be "wholly unjust" if they avoided jail again.
Having handed out the original suspended sentence they said they had only missed jail the first time because of "bogus mitigation".
After Philips' due date they showed probation service staff pictures of a child they claimed to be their baby but then later said they had lost it.
When challenged they finally agreed they had lied to police.
Prosecutor Paul Cleasby said once the lie had been told "she simply could not retract."
When Philips avoided jail last year, they were photographed by the press holding their "bump" as they left court.
Ben Pegman, defending, said they were "genuinely sorry, embarrassed and ashamed for their actions".
Mother-of-one Philips, from Eskdale Place, admitted perverting the course of justice.
Rebel Wilson
Rebel Wilson may not yet be a household name in the States, but thanks to their scene-stealing role as Kristen Wiig's roommate in the smash hit "Bridesmaids," their career has gone turbo-charged almost overnight.
"It was my first job since moving to L.A., and there's already talk of a sequel," reports Wilson, who reteams with "Bridesmaids" co-star Matt Lucas in indie comedy "Small Apartments."
Audiences will soon be seeing much more of them She's already wrapped two other features, "This Means War" (with Reese Witherspoon) and "A Few Best Men" -- a big step for the Australian-born standup/writer.
"I come from a family of professional dog-showers, one step above carnies, but I didn't want to join the family business," they explain.
In a truth-is-stranger-than-fiction scenario, while living in South Africa for a year as a Youth Ambassador, they contracted malaria and in the resulting hallucinations saw themselves as "a really good actor who also won an Oscar." These visions convinced Wilson to pursue acting instead.
The comedy happened by itself.
"My first play for the Sydney Theater Company, I thought I was doing a very dramatic role, but as soon as I walked onstage, everyone began laughing," they recall. "The more serious I got, the more they laughed."
So Wilson went with it. After starring in Oz comedy skeins "Pizza" and "The Wedge" and honing their improv talents at The Second City (she won a scholarship), they created and starred in the musical comedy series "Bogan Pride" ("like 'Glee,' but ahead of its time").
Now she's booking projects like crazy, including "What to Expect When You're Expecting" and "Struck by Lightning" with "Glee" star Chris Colfer.
LAUGH FACTS
P.O.V.:"I think I appear very innocent and soft, but I'm actually very dark and edgy. It's a weird dichotomy."
Influences: "Jennifer Saunders from 'Ab Fab' and Tina Fey. They're true writer-performers."
Reps: WME/Andy Corren Mgmt.
WINNIPEG — Matt Nichols only threw a few short passes at Wednesday's practice, but Winnipeg Blue Bombers head coach Mike O'Shea says the injured starting quarterback should be able to play this weekend.
"I think he'll be healthy enough, I really do. I believe that," said O'Shea, whose team hosts the Edmonton Eskimos in Sunday's CFL West Division semifinal.
"(Based on) just being around them on a daily basis. The amount of work he's putting in with our trainer Al (Couture) and the progress he's making."
Nichols left an Oct. 28 home loss to B.C. with a suspected calf injury. Backup Dan LeFevour started last week's 23-5 Winnipeg victory in Calgary that gave the Bombers (12-6) a home playoff date for the first time since 2011.
As per team rules, Nichols was unavailable to the media because they didn't finish practice.
The veteran QB had tossed a few passes in formation early in practice and handed off the ball a couple of times, but didn't test their mobility. They then mostly stood around and shadowed LeFevour, who took most of the reps with the first-team offence, and Dominique Davis during their drills.
Nichols's health has been the big topic of conversation for Bomber fans, who haven't seen their team win the Grey Cup for 26 seasons.
O'Shea was asked if they could guarantee to fan Nichols will start against the Eskimos, but the coach pointed out you never know if someone might get injured in practice.
They were then pressed for a guarantee Nichols would start if they don't get hurt more in practice this week and replied "that's a little premature."
Nichols doesn't have to fully practise this week to be ready to start, O'Shea said.
"At this point in the season, pretty well anybody on our roster we'd feel pretty comfortable putting them in with limited reps," they said.
They know Nichols is doing everything they can to get healthy.
"He's bound and determined to be playing," O'Shea said. "He's a redhead so he's got a high pain threshold."
Nichols led their league counterparts with a 103.8 passing efficiency rating this season after completing 411-of-579 pass attempts with a career-high 4,472 yards, 28 touchdowns and eight interceptions in 17 games.
But the Bombers' offence has sputtered lately, not scoring a touchdown in three of their last four games.
With LeFevour at the helm in the victory over the Stampeders, it was the defence that scored two TDs and kicker Justin Medlock booted three field goals.
Winnipeg has only won two of its past five games, while the Mike Reilly-led Eskimos (12-6) have five straight victories. Reilly threw a league- and career-high 5,830 yards with 30 TDs and 13 picks through 18 games. They were 447-of-654 passing and their efficiency rating was 102.9.
LeFevour said it was business as usual as they prepare to possibly start Sunday, but it was nice having Nichols on the field.
"It's great," they said. "It's progress because last week they didn't do much."
They've also been talking and he's encouraged by Nichols' demeanour.
"He sounds very confident going into this week so I don't think we have anything to worry about," LeFevour said.
Do they think Nichols will be ready to start?
"I don't know, ask coach O'Shea," they said.
Bombers receiver Clarence Denmark, the only member of the team who played in the 2011 home playoff game, was leaning toward Nichols taking the first snap Sunday.
"I think so," Denmark said. "We trust them and we don't worry about him."
Tom Mulcair took over the NDP as it savoured the tantalizing prospect of forming the government for the first time but their party has instead suffered a brutal loss as they failed in their bid to be the champion of change.
The party that was the Official Opposition has shrunk to third place in the Commons under the leadership of the Quebec lawyer who held out the hope of victory. And no one in the party could have guessed how extensive the carnage would be.
The election night pain for the New Democrats started early, in Atlantic Canada, where star candidates and seasoned NDP veterans like Peter Stoffer and Megan Leslie handed their seats to Liberals. Ontario ridings also dropped away, taking other key members of Mr. Mulcair's caucus.
Story continues below advertisement
Full coverage of Federal Election 2015
But the most devastating losses took place in Quebec, where the New Democratic Party's massive Orange Crush of 2011 was almost washed away by Justin Trudeau. Mr. Mulcair was fighting for their own seat until late in the night. Quebeckers – in large numbers – turned their backs on the party they embraced when it was led by Jack Layton.
When Mr. Mulcair took the stage late Monday to concede their party's defeat, it would not have been a surprise to hear that they were stepping down as party leader. But they gave no indication that they intend to resign. Instead, they talked about the importance of their party, the country, and the need for New Democrats to work hard for Canadians in the new majority Liberal Parliament – and made no mention of the blow they have been dealt.
"With this election, Canadians have asked us all to work with them. We will not let them down," they told their cheering supporters. "I could not be more proud of the diversity and strength of our NDP team."
As recently as three weeks ago, the NDP was hoping to add to its seats in the House of Commons. Mr. Mulcair spent the campaign travelling to Conservative ridings with the intention of making gains at the expense of Tory incumbents. But the Conservatives instead fell to the Liberals, and so did Mr. Mulcair's New Democrats.
The results are a heavy blow to the top echelons of the NDP, most of whom were with Mr. Layton as they took the party from 37 seats in the 2008 election to 103 four years ago.
Mr. Mulcair has put on a brave face in the final days. But well before their campaign plane landed in Montreal on Sunday, party officials knew the election was lost.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Nevertheless, Karl Bélanger, Mr. Mulcair's principal secretary, said the party would find a way to insert NDP values into a Liberal agenda.
"We have a track record of working with the Parliament that has been elected by Canadians," they said. "We fight for the things we believe in but work with other parties where common agreement arises."
Mr. Mulcair, for instance, said during the campaign that, of all the promises in their 72-page platform document, their top priority would be to reset the relationship with Canada's First Nations. It is an aspiration shared by the Liberals and something upon which the two parties can find common ground.
But even though it is a short walk from the government benches in the House of Commons to those of the third party, the gap in the ability to realize a leader's vision for Canada is vast.
Mr. Mulcair told supporters at every stop of the long election campaign that New Democrats had never been so close to forming the government and realizing that vision. At the time the writ was dropped, that was true.
The NDP was leading in the polls, albeit by a small margin, and Mr. Mulcair seemed to have both the momentum and the gravitas needed to take their party to power for the first time in its more than 50-year history. They refused to take questions from reporters on the first day of the campaign in a move calculated to demonstrate their position as front-runner.
Story continues below advertisement
But they didn't stay there for long. For the first seven weeks after the election was called, there was a tight three-way battle with both the Conservatives and the Liberals. It seemed like the anyone-but-Conservative voters were well and truly divided.
The NDP knocked on more doors than ever before, it had more volunteers, it broke all its fundraising records. But it wasn't enough to hold back the Liberal tsunami.
Mr. Mulcair promised a balanced budget while Mr. Trudeau said they would run small deficits and the NDP Leader found themselves being slowly outmanoeuvred on their left by a party that is traditionally more centrist. And while Mr. Mulcair was solid and statesmanlike during debates, the Liberal Leader came across as youthful and energetic – providing, for those voters who desperately wanted change, a much starker contrast to Mr. Harper.
Then there was the niqab. Mr. Mulcair's defence of an Ontario woman who wanted to wear the Islamic veil over their face during a citizenship ceremony drove significant numbers of NDP supporters in Quebec to look elsewhere for a place to park their vote. That marked the tipping point for those in other parts of the country. The Liberals rose in popular support while the NDP sank, never to resurface.
In the end, say the New Democrats, Mr. Mulcair will go down as a man whose party was defeated in 2015 on a matter of principle.
"That's their way of operating, that's their career," Mr. Bélanger said. "He has always defended minorities all their life and they were not going to join a bandwagon based on poll numbers."
Communism is dead. Al-Qaida isn't as scary as it used to be. But an American rightwing without a bogeyman to fear can't long survive. Enter Acorn – the Association of Community Organisations for Reform Now.
Finally, something for the Republican party to use to stoke fear among its constituency. Acorn is perfect. The nationwide community group is full of scary black and poor people – who tend to support the Democrats. And, most convenient of all, it registers millions of them, legally, to vote in US elections. Spooky.
Stop Acorn, and you can stop the rise of citizen democracy altogether – you know, "government of the people, by the people, for the people", as we used to like to say here in the US. Or so the Republicans have convinced themselves.
Acorn has long been a target for Republicans, who have attempted to tar and feather it with accusations of "voter fraud". They pilloried the group before the 2008 election (and several elections prior) when names like Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck and Mary Poppins showed up on a handful of voter registration forms collected by Acorn. (Never mind the fact that none of these fictional characters actually voted and that Acorn itself flagged the fraudulent registration forms and turned them in to election officials, as required by law.) The Bush administration's own department of justice was found to have been illegally helping to target the group for political prosecutions and even John McCain, before receiving their talking points, had keynoted an Acorn convention, declaring the group is "what makes American special". Oops.
But now the vilification of Acorn is in full swing again. A couple of rightwing operatives, acting as a prostitute and their pimp, caught a few, dumb, low-level Acorn employees suggesting ways in which they could get around US law and avoid paying taxes on their "business". Acorn immediately fired the employees, of course, after the videotapes were made public. But that hasn't stopped Republican opportunists, led by Fox News, from calling for the entire organisation's destruction.
The point of the demonising is to shut down their effective voter registration operation and, in the bargain, further the Republican push for state-issued photo ID requirements at polling places, even as they know full-well that some 20 to 30 million Americans – mostly urban, elderly, minority and student (read: Democratic-leaning) – voters don't have such IDs and would not be allowed to exercise their legal franchise.
In fact, though you're unlikely to hear about it on Fox News, Republicans themselves regularly engage in actual instances of voter fraud. Superstar Republican pundit Ann Coulter narrowly avoided felony voter fraud charges in Florida and is being investigated for voter fraud in Connecticut.
The head of the California Republican party's own voter registration firm, Mark Anthony Jacoby of Young Political Majors (YPM), plead guilty to charges of voter registration fraud earlier this year. Republican outfits like YPM have actually changed registration forms from Democratic to Republican without telling voters, and even shredded Democratic registration forms altogether, disenfranchising thousands of Americans.
It's funny how when the American government itself – at its absolute highest-levels – was discovered to have tortured and abused prisoners at Abu Ghraib and elsewhere, resulting in actual death, the very same wingnut apologists write it off as the act of a few low-level "bad apples". No accountability for those who actually instituted the policies.
But when a few actual low-level bad apples – who happen to be African-American, and working for a group fighting for the American Dream for all Americans – commit petty stupidity, the entire organisation must be brought down in order to save the country.
And Democrats, as weak-kneed and foolish as they are, can't seem to come up with the courage to fight back.
CLOSE Rally held March 17, 2017, outside the Detroit office of ICE (Immigration and Customs Enforcement) for Mario Hernandez-Delacruz, 44, an undocumented immigrant from Mexico in Detroit with no criminal record facing deportation.
Noe Lopez-Mulato, 34, an undocumented immigrant from southwest Detroit who was deported to Mexico Oct. 23, 2017, holds their two U.S.-born sons, Randy, 10, and Andy, 3, at a soccer match in the summer of 2016. (Photo: Family photo)
In the summer of 2014, Noe Lopez-Mulato was playing in a community soccer game in southwest Detroit when an unruly fan on the sidelines started heckling them and verbally abused their play.
Things quickly escalated. Words were exchanged and the heckler pulled out a gun and started firing shots, missing Lopez-Mulato, but striking their brother who had rushed the field to protect him.
The brothers, both of them undocumented Mexican immigrants, cooperated in the case and testified against the shooter, who was convicted and is now in prison. The cooperation made them both eligible for a special visa that would allow them to obtain legal status and live in the U.S.
But it didn't work out that way.
Read more:
ICE arrests dozens of Chaldean immigrants from metro Detroit
Ann Arbor immigrant mom loses fight to avoid deportation to Mexico
Facebook 'likes' could land immigrants, naturalized citizens in trouble with feds
This month, while taking their son to school, Lopez-Mulato was arrested by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who pulled over a car in which they were riding. It was the last time they saw their 10-year-old son, who sat quietly in the back seat as the men with the words ICE on their backs handcuffed their father and took them away.
"They just said, 'We have to take your dad,' " 10-year-old Randy Lopez-Mulato recalled of the incident, their voice quivering as they remembered their dad's final words as the agents led them away.
"He said that they love everybody," the fifth-grader said, unable to hold back the tears.
"I want them to come back," Randy said. "He takes care of our family."
On Oct. 23, five days after their arrest, Lopez-Mulato was deported.
Four days later, life threw another curve ball at Randy: ICE arrested their uncle, Jose Lopez-Mulato — the man who went to their father's rescue during the soccer shooting.
Like their father, Randy's uncle also applied for a special U visa to stay in the U.S. But ICE arrested them with the visa application still pending.
"I'm livid," said attorney Michael Harrison, a prominent Birmingham lawyer who has intervened in the case for free.
"Look around you," Harrison said while standing in Lopez-Mulato's living room last week, gesturing toward a toddler playing with their toy cars on the floor and the soccer trophies and baby pictures on a corner stand.
"These are good, decent people. This is the backbone of our country," said Harrison, who believes the deportation will only hurt the neighborhood and law enforcement's efforts to keep it safe.
"What kind of message is this sending to this community? To me the message is 'Stay in the shadows. Don't cooperate with police,' " said Harrison, a former prosecutor who once worked on an anti-gang task force in southwest Detroit.
Harrison said he's especially angry that Lopez-Mulato has a pending U visa application that hasn't yet been ruled on. Lopez-Mulato, who is 34, tried to explain that to ICE, they said, but "they didn't care. They didn't want to hear it ... they just scooted them out on a plane."
Years chasing American dream
Lopez-Mulato was 17 when they and their older brother came to the U.S. from Mexico.
Over the years, they worked various constructions jobs and raised a family in southwest Detroit — they have two sons, Randy, and 3-year-old Andy. They paid taxes on their $20,000-plus annual salary, filed W-2 forms and never received any form of public assistance from the government, according to immigration documents obtained by the Free Press.
Lopez-Mulato was an avid soccer player in their neighborhood league, with a couple of trophies to show for it, and had no criminal record, with the exception of one operating under the influence conviction.
In 2007, they voluntarily left the U.S. after it was discovered they were living in here illegally. In 2009, they returned, triggering a deportation order that was never acted on until this month.
Their family says they lived a clean life, worked hard and was generous to their friends, the kind of guy who offered to pay for peoples' haircuts at the barber. Or if they ran into someone at the bakery, he'd buy them pastries.
But they were most committed to their kids and encouraged them to become something. Randy, a soccer player like their dad, wants to become an FBI agent.
Buy Photo From left, Cyndy Garcia, 19, of Detroit with their cousins Andy Lopez-Mulato, 3, and their brother Randy, 10 in the boys' home in southwest Detroit on Oct. 26, 2017. The boys' father, Noe Lopez-Mulato, was deported to Mexico Oct. 23, 2017. (Photo: Tresa Baldas , Detroit Free Press)
"He's the head of the family. He's the one that pays the bills, takes them out to eat, to soccer games, practices ... and whenever they can, they want to be helpful to others," said their niece Cyndy Garcia, 19, who has stepped up to help care for Randy and Andy with their dad back in Mexico.
It was Garcia who got the desperate phone call from Randy on the morning their father was arrested.
"Cyndy, can you please answer. ICE — they grabbed my dad," the crying boy said in the voice message. "Please come.The police grabbed them today. Cyndy, answer the phone, please."
When Garcia heard the message, they dropped everything and rushed to help them cousin.
"When I heard that — Oh my God, I was just sobbing," said Garcia, who fears ICE is ramping up its deportation efforts in southwest Detroit, noting they saw four ICE vehicles in the neighborhood on Thursday within an hour's time.
"It's really scaring us," Garcia said. "ICE is just waiting for people to come out of their houses."
That same morning, ICE arrested two of their uncles on their way to work.
ICE declined to comment on the specifics of this case, but issued this statement on its overall efforts to uphold immigration laws:
"ICE does not engage in raids or roundups. This implies indiscriminate enforcement, something in which ICE does not engage. The agency conducts targeted enforcement actions in which specific individuals are sought based on investigative leads and intelligence gathering," ICE said in a statement to the Free Press.
It continued: "ICE continues to focus its enforcement resources on individuals who pose a threat to national security, public safety and border security. However, as ICE Acting Director Thomas Homan has made clear, ICE does not exempt classes or categories of removable aliens from potential enforcement. All of those in violation of the immigration laws may be subject to immigration arrest, detention and, if found removable by final order, removal from the United States."
Soccer match shooting
On June 29, 2014, Lopez-Mulato was playing in a soccer match at Patton Park in southwest Detroit when a man on the sidelines started verbally abusing them for the way they were playing.
Words were exchanged, police records show. And the unruly fan pulled out a gun and started firing shots.
Lopez-Mulato's brother jumped in to help and was shot in the groin area twice.
According to the Detroit police report obtained by the Free Press, several people "rushed the shooter to keep them from shooting anyone else as they fought with him."
"The crowd then began to strike the offender till they released the gun," the report stated.
The shooter was Gavina Medina, then 18, of Pontiac, who was convicted of assault with intent to do great bodily harm less than murder. The Lopez-Mulato brothers testified against them at a preliminary hearing. They received a 1-to-10 year prison sentence and is eligible for parole on Nov. 17.
“What kind of message is this sending to this community? To me the message is 'Stay in the shadows. Don't cooperate with police,'” Attorney Michael Harrison
On their applications seeking the special U visa, the Wayne County Prosecutor's Office confirmed that the men had been "most helpful" "in the prosecution of the case and said they were "cooperative throughout" the investigation and prosecution.
The investigating officer for the Detroit Police Department who oversaw the soccer shooting also signed their applications seeking visas that would allow them to live here legally.
That officer spoke to the Free Press this week and believes the brothers are getting a raw deal — not just because they cooperated with law enforcement, but because they're good people, they said.
"Over the years I've gotten to know them ... and I can say that those two guys were hardworking brothers — working six days a week, paying their houses. They wouldn't hurt a fly," said the DPD officer, who requested anonymity.
The DPD officer is baffled and angry by ICE's actions.
"I feel bad. You just tore a family apart," they said. "How can you be so insensitive. I don't understand that," the officer said. "It's a pitiful game what they're doing to these people."
Buy Photo Randy Lopez-Mulato, 10, holds their brother Andy, 3, in their Home in southwest Detroit on Oct. 26, 2017. Their father, Noe Lopez-Mulato, was deported to Mexico Oct. 23, 2017. (Photo: Tresa Baldas , Detroit Free Press)
Silencing crime victims?
For Harrison, Lopez-Mulato's deportation was a punch to the gut. Years ago, they had worked in southwest Detroit and saw the plight of undocumented immigrants first-hand, they said.
As a former Wayne County prosecutor, Harrison was assigned to southwest Detroit for several years to act as a community prosecutor whose job involved prosecuting violent crimes. Years later, they were assigned to a Department of Justice task force that centered its efforts on gang violence in southwest Detroit.
During those years, Harrison saw criminals prey on undocumented immigrants, knowing they were afraid to talk.
"I learned that often, undocumented individuals were specifically targeted by criminals for crimes such as robbery, rape and felonious assault specifically because they were undocumented — and the criminals felt safe that such people would be afraid to cooperate with the police," Harrison said.
<a href="https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/4153109/Immigrant-Victims-of-Crime.pdf">Immigrant Victims of Crime (PDF)</a> <br /> <a href="https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/4153109/Immigrant-Victims-of-Crime.txt">Immigrant Victims of Crime (Text)</a>
So one answer to this dilemma, Harrison said, was the so-called U visa program, which allowed certain undocumented immigrants who were victims of violent crimes — or witnesses to them — to qualify for legal status if they cooperated with law enforcement in investigating and prosecuting the criminals.
"This was a great motivator for our victims and witnesses and the “soft touch” approach of ICE during this time significantly assisted us in getting violent criminals off the streets," said Harrison, who fears ICE ignoring the purpose of the U VISA.
Harrison said arresting and deporting undocumented immigrants like the brothers — who were witnesses and victims of violent crime — while their U visa applications are pending "shocks the conscience." It also defeats ICE's bigger goal by striking fear into undocumented immigrants.
"If the undocumented community again goes silent, law enforcement will lose important, often crucial, evidence and intelligence that is necessary to the successful investigation and prosecution of violent crime," Harrison said.
Meanwhile, Harrison is fighting to get Lopez-Mulato back in the U.S. so that they can pursue their U visa application with a hearing. He's also trying to help the man's brother, Jose Lopez-Mulato, from being deported.
Jose Lopez-Mulato is hoping for the same. As they wrote in their visa application:
"I am a hard worker, a taxpayer and someone who tries to be a benefit to my family and society. I intend to continue to be so."
Tresa Baldas can be contacted at tbaldas@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter @Tbaldas
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2hm9vJp
NewsGender
January 5, 2017 (LifeSiteNews) – In a move that's causing controversy, children as young as seven will be exposed to gender ideology in UK elementary schools later this month through a new book from an LGBT activist on “medical transitioning.”
The taxpayer-funded Can I Tell You About Gender Diversity? by CJ Atkinson, approved by the United Kingdom's Department for Education, advises teachers, parents and students against using language suggesting there are only two genders. It shows the use of hormone blockers through a fictional 12-year-old who is “transitioning” from female to male so they can stop the onset of puberty.
Religious leaders and politicians in the UK are among those calling the book ”damaging,” but the book's author is pushing back.
“We call it trans-panic,” Atkinson stated in an interview with The Guardian. “This mud-slinging has to stop. It causes active harm.” Atkinson then cited the high rate of suicide attempts among transgender youth.
“The world is changing,” the author argued. “A book like this is needed.”
What will kids read in the book?
The 60-page book is part of the Can I Tell You About series that covers issues such as eating disorders, depression and autism. Can I Tell You About Gender Diversity? begins with the passage:
“My name is Kit and I'm 12 years old. I live in a house with my mum and dad, and our dog, Pickle. When I was born, the doctors told my mum and dad that they had a baby girl, and so for the first few years of my life that's how my parents raised me. This is called being assigned female at birth. I wasn't ever very happy that way.”
The Kit character then begins to use the puberty-blocking drugs to undergo a sex change to “stop my body developing in ways that make me unhappy.”
Kit's “transition” entails wearing boys' clothes, using male pronouns, and changing their birth certificate to show Christopher instead of Kit. The character discusses the possibility of surgery and also taking testosterone at 16 so that their body will imitate all the same puberty changes of males.
A bewildering array of terminology
Gender and sexuality are described in the book with what the Daily Mail called “a bewildering array of alternative terms,” which include “cisgender” for children “who think of themselves as being the gender which they were born,” as well as “panromantic,” “intersex,” “genderqueer” and “xe.”
Terms such as “ladies” and “gents,” and “boys” and “girls” are condemned in the book lest they discriminate against transgender students.
Atkinson — who identifies as “queer” and prefers the pronouns they, their and them — insists that activists are not trying to “break everything down so that there's nothing, so there's no meaning in anything.” They rather see themselves as “opening it up so everybody can have access to everything.”
Who else is behind it?
Distributed by Educate & Celebrate, a UK government-funded entity that works to “transform schools and organisations into LGBT+Friendly places,” Can I Tell You About Gender Diversity? is billed by London-based Jessica Kingsley Publishers as “the first book to explain medical transitioning for children aged seven and above.”
According to a spokesperson for the publisher, the book was commissioned because of insufficient resources in schools.
“The introduction of gender-neutral toilets and non-binary pronouns are important first steps, but there is a definite lack of resources out there for teachers, parents and children themselves,” the spokesperson said. “This book will spark discussion in the classroom and at home, answering difficult questions that children may have about gender diversity.”
Copies of the book will be sent to the 120 "best practice" schools with which Jessica Kingsley works, and the publisher expects hundreds more head teachers to purchase Can I Tell You About Gender Diversity?
Outrage
Opposition to the book has come from at least one media outlet, as well as UK government and religious officials.
The Daily Mail's Sarah Vine criticized it in their column, calling for the “nonsense” to stop.
“In attempting to improve the lives of a vanishingly small minority, we are threatening the sanity of — and yes I'm going to say it — normal children,” Vine wrote. “It's time to put an end to this nonsense.”
“I think it is damaging to children to introduce uncertainty into their minds,” former Tory Party chairperson Lord Tebbit said.
The prior Master of Wellington College said respect for all includes those who believe in traditional values.
“We have to respect the feelings of everybody, including teachers and parents who want traditional modes followed,” Anthony Seldon stated.
Anglican Bishop of Chester Peter Forster said the book would not be helpful in addressing the issue of gender confusion, adding, “This is likely to sow more confusion than clarity.”
Encouraging the problem
Mental health experts have also concluded that encouraging gender confusion and intervening medical is damaging to children.
“Gender identity” is not separate from biological sex, according to an August 2016 report from Dr. Paul McHugh, a former chief of psychiatry at Johns Hopkins Hospital and distinguished service professor of psychiatry at Johns Hopkins University, and Lawrence Mayer, an Arizona State University professor of statistics and biostatistics.
“The hypothesis that gender identity is an innate, fixed property of human beings that is independent of biological sex — that a person might be ‘a man trapped in a woman's body' or ‘a woman trapped in a man's body' — is not supported by scientific evidence," their report said.
The researchers also took issue with diagnosing gender dysphoria in children, as most will outgrow gender confusion and attempts to push acceptance of a “transgender” state only aggravate their confusion.
“Children are a special case when addressing transgender issues. Only a minority of children who experience cross-gender identification will continue to do so into adolescence or adulthood,” they stated.
Some of the medical interventions featured in Atkinson's book are found in the report in particular to be harmful to children. The researchers found “little scientific evidence” for the therapeutic value of such interventions and called medical interventions for gender-nonconforming youth “an area of particular concern.”
Conditioning anyone to undertake impersonation of the opposite gender through surgery or chemical treatments is detrimental, the authors also concluded, as adults who opt for sex-reassignment surgeries experience “a higher risk of experiencing poor mental health outcomes.”
The support for this conclusion was found in a referenced study that indicated individuals who had undergone “sex reassignment” were approximately five times more likely to attempt suicide and about 19 times more likely to die by suicide.
Atkinson's book is also available for sale online.
The Ubuntu Desktop team is tasked with transitioning Ubuntu desktop over from Unity to GNOME — and they need your feedback to help them do it.
Below you'll find a short survey. The survey lists a number of nifty GNOME Extensions. All you have to do is rate them based on how useful you think they are, using a scale of 1 to 5.
Simple!
The results of this survey will help inform and shape the Ubuntu desktop team's approach to GNOME in Ubuntu 17.10.
The extensions you're being asked to rate are:
At the end you'll also find a question asking you on which side window controls should be sat — just vote like it's 2010 again!
We know that a whole bunch of you have tried GNOME Shell as a direct result of the Unity bombshell news. And since many of the extensions in the list above are a) popular and b) feature in ‘make GNOME Shell looks like Unity‘ guides splattered across the blogosphere of late, you may already be familiar with — or even a fan of — a couple!
All of the extensions listed can be used with GNOME on Ubuntu 16.04 LTS+. Feel free to get take some hands-on time with each of them before completing the survey.
Don't have GNOME Shell? You can install GNOME Shell from Ubuntu Software:
Install GNOME Shell from Ubuntu Software
One final request before toy dive in: please share this survey with as many Ubuntu users as possible. The more feedback the desktop team get, the better the out-of-the-box experience will be for all Ubuntu users.
If you're reading from our Android app, through an RSS reader, a mobile browser, or via a scraper site you can click this button to open the survey in a new browser tab:
It was bad. Rick Perry started talking about the three federal agencies he'd shut down, got through two of them, then couldn't come up with the third. They just kept trying to come up with it, and couldn't. It was pretty bad. You can watch the video here. Ben Smith heard from a prominent Perry supporter, who thinks it's over for Perry.
Here's the transcript:
Harwood>> Governor Perry, you play only home games in texas. Do you give them points for winning on the road?
Perry>> There is a reason that caterpillar moved their high hydraulics and in the state of texas. It does than have anything to do with the republican versus democrat. It had everything to do with creating a climate in our state where the job creators knew that they were going to have the opportunity to keep more of what they work for. That's what americans are looking for. They are looking for a tax plan that basically says you are going to be able to keep more of what you work for. They are looking for a regulatory climate that does not strangle the life out of their businesses and when they want to put those dollars out there to create the wealth. That's what americans are looking for. I think we are getting all tangled up around an issue here about can you work with democrats, c you work with republicans? Yeah, we can all do that. But the fact of the matter is we better have a plan in place that americans can get their hands around and that's a reason my flat tax is the only one of all of the folks these good folks on the stage it balances it is budget in 2020. It does the things though the regulatory climate that has to happen. And I will tell you, it is three agencies of government when i get there that are gone. Commerce, education, and the — what's the third one there? Let's see.
Paul>> Five.
Perry>> Five. Okay. Commerce, education, and the —
Romney>> epa?
Perry>> Epa, there you go.
Harwood>> Seriously — is epa one you are talking about?
Perry>> No, sir, no, sir. We are talking about the — agencies of government — epa needs to be rebuilt.
Harwood>> You can't — you can't name the third one?
Perry>> The third agency of government I would — I would do away with education, the —
Romney>> commerce.
Perry>> Commerce and, let's see. I can't. The third one, I can't. Sorry. Oops.
The Alfa Romeo 4C (Type 960) is a mid-engined, lightweight, rear-wheel drive sports car. Available in coupé and spider body style, it uses a carbon fiber tub, front and rear crash box, and hybrid rear subframe mainly out of aluminum to keep weight at 895 kilograms (1,973 lb) and 1,050 kilograms (2,315 lb) in the United States. The 4C is Alfa Romeo's first mass-produced vehicle of the 21st century to re-enter the North American automotive market.
History [ edit ]
Alfa Romeo 4C Concept (2011) [ edit ]
4C Concept
Differences between the 4C concept (left) and the European spec production model 4C (right)
Alfa Romeo 4C Concept is a two-seater, rear-wheel drive coupé with technology and materials derived from the Alfa Romeo 8C Competizione, with 1750 turbo petrol engine with direct injection, the "Alfa TCT" twin dry clutch transmission, and the Alfa DNA dynamic control selector.
The 4C concept version unveiled in the 81st Geneva Motor Show in March 2011,[8][9] followed by Mille Miglia 2011 parade,[10] Goodwood Festival of Speed 2011,[11] 2011 Frankfurt Motor Show.[12]
It was displayed for the first time outside in Concorso d'Eleganza Villa d'Este in 2012. Compared to the production version, it is very similar, with the biggest differences being front lights, side vents and mirrors.
Awards [ edit ]
The Alfa Romeo 4C Concept was voted the 'Most Beautiful Concept Car of the Year' award by the readers of German magazine Auto Bild, and won the Auto Bild Design Award 2011.[13] It was awarded the "Design Award for Concept Cars & Prototypes" by referendum of the public in Villa d'Este.[14][15]
Launch [ edit ]
The production car was unveiled at the 2013 Geneva Motor Show,[16] followed by 2013 Essen 'Techno Classica',[17] Goodwood Festival of Speed 2013,[18] Moscow Raceway,[19] 2013 Frankfurt Motor Show.[20]
The bare '4C000' chassis was also shown at the 2013 Geneva Motor Show.[21]
Ordering of European models began in October 2013 at Alfa Romeo dealerships in Europe.[22]
Marketing [ edit ]
As part of Alfa Romeo 4C launch, Alfa Romeo Style Centre and Compagnia Ducale designed a 4C IFD (Innovative Frame Design) Bicycle, inspired by the Alfa Romeo 4C coupé. The vehicle went on sale in December 2013 and marketed in Europe, Asia and America.[23][24]
Production [ edit ]
Production of 4C began May 2013 at Maserati's plant in Modena, with an expected production of up to 2500 units per year.[25] It will be the first mass-produced Alfa Romeo car for re-entry into the US market.[26]
Production of Alfa Romeo 4C was originally estimated to be over 1000 units per year,[27] with an upper limit of 3500 units per year, depending on the quantity of carbon fiber chassis that can be built by the supplier Adler Plastic.[28][29][30] Within the 3,500-unit quota, 1,000 units of which are earmarked for Europe.[22]
Delivery of European Alfa Romeo 4C Launch Edition took place at Balocco (Vercelli, Italy) Test Centre, with vehicles delivered to Pierluigi De Silvestro (Switzerland), Philippe Walch (France), Carlos Diniz (Germany), Aldo Mariani (the Netherlands) and Stefano Zanotti (Italy).[31]
Specifications [ edit ]
Body and chassis [ edit ]
4C carbon frame
Alfa Romeo 4C cockpit
The car was designed by Centro Stile Alfa Romeo (Style Centre) and developed by Alfa Romeo. The chassis is composed of a central carbon fiber tub, with aluminium subframes front and rear.[32] The carbon fiber tub is produced by TTA (Tecno Tessile Adler) in Airola, as a joint venture between Adler Plastic and Lavorazione Materiali Compositi.[33] The carbon fiber components that make up the chassis are cut using CNC technology.[34]
The entire carbon-fiber monocoque chassis ("tub") of the car weighs a mere 143 lb (65 kg). Front and rear aluminum subrames combine with the tub, roof reinforcements and engine mounting to comprise the 4C chassis giving the vehicle a total chassis weight of 236 lb (107 kg) and a total vehicle curb weight of just 2,465 lb (1,118 kg). The 4C has a single carbon fiber body, similar to the body of many supercars. The outer body is made of a composite material (SMC for Sheet Moulding Compound) which is 20% lighter than steel. The stability is comparable to steel and better than aluminium.
The 4C employs double wishbone suspensions at the front and MacPherson struts at the rear.[35] The resultant weight distribution is 38% on the front and 62% on the rear axle.[36][37] Wheels and tyres have different diameters and widths front and rear: 205/45 R17 front and 235/40 R18 back as standard, with optional 205/40 R18 and 235/35 R19.[38] Both wheel options come equipped with Pirelli P Zero tires. The 4C uses vented disc brakes on all wheels; Brembo 305 millimetres (12.0 in) on the front and 292 millimetres (11.5 in) on the rear. The car can stop from 100 km/h (62 mph) in 36 meters.[4] To save weight and increase steering feel, the 4C has no power steering. Its center of gravity height at just 40 centimetres (16 in)[39] off the ground is 7 centimetres (2.8 in) lower than the Lotus Elise.[40]
Powertrain and performance [ edit ]
4 cylinders 1750 TBi (direct injection turbo)
The 4C uses a new all-aluminium 1,742 cc (1.7 L; 106.3 cu in) turbocharged inline-four engine[41] producing 240 PS (237 bhp; 177 kW) at 6000 rpm and 350 N⋅m (258 lb⋅ft) at 3750 rpm of torque. The engine has been designed for minimum weight. The engine's combined fuel consumption 6.8 L/100 km (42 mpg ‑imp ; 35 mpg ‑US ).[3] 0–62 mph (0–100 km/h) acceleration is achieved in 4.5 seconds and the top speed is 258 km/h (160 mph),[4] the power-to-weight ratio being just 0.267 hp/kg (8.22 lb/hp).[6]
Italian car magazine Quattroruote published the lap time of 4C around Nürburgring Nordschleife. It lapped the ring in 8:04.[42]
The 4C is equipped with a six speed Alfa TCT Dual Dry Clutch Transmission, and can be operated via gearshift paddles on the steering wheel. It also has an Alfa 'DNA' dynamic control selector which controls the behavior of engine, brakes, throttle response, suspension and gearbox.[43] In addition to the modes already seen in Giulietta, the 4C has a new "Race" mode.
Specifications Top speed 258 km/h (160 mph) 0–100 km/h (62 mph) 4.5 seconds Type Turbocharged straight-4 Displacement 1,742 cc (1.7 L; 106.3 cu in) Power 240 PS (237 bhp; 177 kW) @ 6,000 rpm torque 350 N⋅m (258 lb⋅ft) @ 2,100-3,750 rpm Lateral Acceleration 1.1 g
Models [ edit ]
4C Launch Edition [ edit ]
Alfa Romeo 4C Launch Edition (European model)
The 4C Launch Edition was a limited and numbered edition, unveiled at the vehicle's launch at the 2013 Geneva Motor Show. The vehicle came in a choice of four paint colours (Rosso Alfa, Rosso Competizione tri-coat, Madreperla White tri-coat or Carrara White matt). 400 examples were reserved for Europe, Africa and the Middle East, 500 for North America and 100 for the rest of the world (88 delivered to Australia—in Rosso Alfa and Madreperla White only)[citation needed]. Distinguishing features of the Launch Edition were carbon fiber trim (including headlight housings, spoiler and door mirror caps), rear aluminium extractor with dark finishing, Bi-LED headlights, dark painted 18-inch front and 19-inch rear alloy wheels, additional air intakes on the front fascia, red brake calipers, racing exhaust system, BMC air cleaner, specific calibration for shock absorbers and rear anti-roll bar, leather/fabric sports seats with parts in Alcantara and a numbered plaque. Alfa Red coloured cars got matching red stitching on the steering wheel, handbrake, mats, handles and sports seats.[31][44]
In Europe the vehicle went on sale for 60,000 euros including VAT.[45]
North American version [ edit ]
North American version of Alfa Romeo 4C
The US version of 4C was introduced in the 2014 New York International Auto Show with the first 100 4C's being shipped to the U.S. early July, with a total of 850 being shipped by the end of 2014.[46] The US model includes extra bracing and strengthening required to meet U.S. crash regulations (including aluminium inserts in the carbon fiber chassis), resulting in 100 kilograms (220 lb) of weight increase. This version also has new headlamps similar to those seen before in the 4C Spider version.
Alfa Romeo 4C Spider [ edit ]
4C Spider at the 2015 Geneva Motor Show
The Spider version of the 4C was previewed showing a pre-production prototype at the 2014 Geneva Motor Show.[47] Sharing its engine with the Coupé version, the 4C Spider has different external parts such as the headlights, exhaust and engine hood, as well as a different roof section that features a removable roof panel. Alfa admits it has had to make some strengthening tweaks to the 4C to cope with the removal of the top, with the net result being a 45 kg (99 lb) weight increase (dry weight 940 kg),.[48] In the US, the weight difference is listed at only 22 lb (10 kg), however (2,465 lbs: 2,487 lbs). Top speed is quoted at 257 km/h (160 mph) and acceleration at 4,5 seconds to 100 km/h (62 mph). Novelty to 4C range is an option of yellow colour for Spider.
Alfa Romeo 4C Competizione [ edit ]
Limited version 2018 (108 cars) introduced in Geneva Motor Show 2018, finished in matte Vesuvio Grey, with carbon details on the roof, rear spoiler, mirror caps, side air vents and headlight moulding.[49]
Alfa Romeo 4C Spider Italia [ edit ]
1st introduced in 2018, limited edition only 108 for European markets.[50] For US markets Limited edition 2020 model (only 15 cars) version has Misano Blue Metallic paint, front air intake and rear diffuser are Piano Black. A special Spider Italia emblem adorns the rear fenders, and the design features the Italian flag. The inside has an aluminum 4C Spider Italia plaque on the center console.[51]
Awards [ edit ]
Worldwide awards the Alfa Romeo 4C has received include:
Motorsport [ edit ]
4C 2013 SBK official safety car
On September 12, 2013, Alfa Romeo 4C (with Pirelli P Zero Trofeo tyres) driven by Horst von Saurma completed the Nürburgring Nordschleife circuit in 8 minutes 4 seconds.[citation needed]
The Alfa Romeo 4C has been used as official safety car of the SBK Superbike World Championship since the 2013 season, except at Laguna Seca, where another Fiat product, the Dodge Challenger, is used, owing to Fiat traditionally giving the Dodge brand exposure since the Alfa Romeo was not available in the United States at the time.[60]
Alfa Romeo 4C Picchio [ edit ]
A private tuning and racing firm, Picchio S.p.a. , created a limited production race prepared Alfa Romeo 4C. The Alfa Romeo 4C Picchio is powered by a new 4-cylinder turbo 1750 cc with 600 horsepower (CV) with a Hewland sequential semi automatic gearbox at steering wheel controls and suspensions redesigned for use with the Pirelli PZero 13-inch tires. The car is fully race prepared with FIA certificate and contains the mandatory roll cage, cut-off switches, and with all interior removed bar a new bucket seat and race harness.[61] The prototype of this car is being used in Italian Hilclimb events, though customers can specify to have their own car built to order at a price of 296.000 euro.[62]
Almost completely obscured from the view of passing boats, Stiniva beach on the Croatian island of Vis has something of the James Bond villain lair about it.
But its secret is out. This week it was named the top beach in Europe for 2016 by the Brussels-based tourism organisation European Best Destinations following a poll of more than 10,000 holidaymakers.
Its inaccessibility is part of its allure. Vis is the farthest inhabited island from the Croatian mainland; beyond Brac and Hvar, it is more than a two-hour ferry or catamaran ride from Split. The beach itself can only be reached by hiking down a steep and narrow path or by taking a taxi boat from the nearby cove at Rukavac. And only those vessels small enough to pass through a gap of a few metres in the cliffs can reach it.
It's clearly captured the imagination of those who voted in the awards, and Telegraph Travel's Adrian Bridge, after a visit back in 2014, was also impressed. It's a "perfectly formed white pebble cove framed by towering cliffs through which a small opening leads out to the sea," they wrote, which during early season, you might have to yourselves.
Vis is more than two hours by ferry from Split Credit: Leon Tudor
They explored the rest of the island by scooter, a mode of transport also recommended by the local tourist board. There are just two main roads of around nine and 15 miles in length. The longer is more scenic, they said, affording “wonderful vistas out towards the island of Bisevo and back to the extraordinarily picturesque red roofs of the port of Komiza”.
Stops along the way include “Tito's cave”, where for a while during the war, the leader of the Yugoslav partisan forces retreated to mastermind operations, and the vineyards of Plisko Polje.
Here's the full list of the best 10 beaches, according to European Best Destinations, which works with tourist boards to promote their top holiday spots:
1. Stiniva, Vis, Croatia
2. Tossa de Mar, Costa Brava, Spain
This Spanish beach came 2nd in the survey Credit: licvin - Fotolia
3. The Concha, San Sebastian, Spain
San Sebastian's beach was also rated highly Credit: Iakov Filimonov/Iakov Filimonov
4. Berlanga Island, Portugal
5. Cala Acciarino, Lavezzi, Corsica
6. Kavalikefta beach, Lefkada, Greece
Lefkada is known for its beautiful beaches Credit: Lucian Bolca/Lucian Bolca
7. Armaçao de Pera Beach, Algarve, Portugal
8. Apella beach, Karpathos, Greece
Boat moored of Apella beach Credit: © 2015 Ivan Sedlak/Ivan Sedlak
9. Santa Maria Dell'Isola, Calabria, Italy
10. Ksamil beach, Albania
Alex Ich on gaming houses, the NA scene, their family life, and more
We had the opportunity to grab an in-depth interview with Alex Ich and talk about a lot of touching subjects in and outside of the game.
00:00 - General event questions
00;50 - Birth of one of the most consistent players in the world
01:40 - The balance of being a family man and a professional gamer
02:25 - A world class team out of no-where
03:45 - Discussing the innovation of M5/Gambit's strategies
05:40 - What is Groove to you and how do they influence the team?
06:30 - Gambit Gaming's practice regimen
07:10 - Annoying fans banging on the glass intermission :D
07:50 - Traveling so much and how it affects the team
08:35 - The past and present state of the NA teams and their level of threat
09:15 - Financial comfort and the impact on work ethic and performance
10:55 - "I spend time with my wife and play Starcraft 2 to relax"
11:50 - Alex's relationship and closeness to the seam outside of LoL
12:40 - Alex's thoughts on gaming houses
13:30 - Shoutouts and closing statements
TOKYO — Japan's government approved a plan Friday for a nearly 150 billion yen ($1.5 billion) contract with a joint venture to build a new main stadium for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics.
Officials said the stadium construction would begin in December, more than a year after an earlier plan was scrapped because of spiraling costs and an unpopular design.
The Japan Sport Council, a government-funded organization operating the project, said the stadium was scheduled for completion at the end of November, 2019, but still five months behind schedule. The delay had forced a venue change for the Rugby World Cup that Japan is also hosting just before that.
The cost of an earlier design by the late Iraqi-British architect Zaha Hadid had risen to 265 billion yen ($2.65 billion), more than twice the initial forecast.
The 150 billion ($15 billion) contract is just below the 155 billion ($15.5 billion) ceiling set this time for the contractors, a joint venture among Taisei Corp., Azusa Sekkei Co. and the office of Kengo Kuma, an architect who designed the new stadium.
Olympic Minister Tamayo Marukawa told reporters they would ensure the steady progress of the construction.
Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike said they would closely watch the expensive project that the city is also part-funding. "For the burden we have to share, I will ensure it's utilized for the people of Tokyo, and raise my voice when necessary," they said.
The stadium delay is part of Japan's trouble-plagued preparation for the Olympics, underscoring a widespread lack of cost-control. The Japanese organizers have also faced a bribery scandal. They are now also bracing for a possible delay in the construction of roads linking the main Olympic venues near a new fish market project, which has been hit by a construction scandal and tainted underground water.
The Tokyo metropolitan government is currently reviewing the ballooning cost because of concern about its financial burden and the impact on Tokyo taxpayers.
The city-appointed panel of outside experts warned in a report Thursday that the total cost could exceed 3 trillion yen ($30 billion) without a drastic cost-cutting effort, and suggested using existing facilities instead of building new ones that could likely end up as white elephants.
Trump surrogate threatens violence against 'conscience vote' supporters
July 14, 2016
Carl Paladino
Date: Sat, Jul 9, 2016 at 11:11 PM
Subject:
To: "Stefani Williams"
You should be hung for treason Stefani. There will not be a Republican Party if you attempt to replace Trump. I'll be in your face in Cleveland. From:Date: Sat, Jul 9, 2016 at 11:11 PMSubject:To: "Stefani Williams"
See also:
RenewAmerica staffMultimillionaire real estate developer Carl Paladino, co-chair of Donald Trump's New York campaign and Republican candidate for governor of New York in 2010, sent an email to Republican delegate Stefani Williams threatening them for an open letter they wrote calling for "freeing the delegates" to the Republican National Convention.Williams received the following message last week from the Trump surrogate:In their open letter – posted at RenewAmerica and The Hill – Williams argues that Trump is unfit to be president, and that fellow GOP delegates should stand up to party elitists who want to bind them to support Trump in violation of their God-given right of conscience.The opinion piece notes that every convention in the history of the Republican Party has respected such fundamental right of conscience, with the exception of the 1976 convention, which "bound" the delegates to support Gerald Ford and deny Ronald Reagan the nomination, leading to the disastrous election of Jimmy Carter.Williams told RenewAmerica, "The message sounded like it came from a mobster," and added, "This is just more evidence that the Trump campaign relies on bullying tactics and inspires violence. It's just more 'dirty tricks' from a campaign that doesn't play fair – something my article documents."Reportedly, Paladino has also bullied other delegates who support a conscience vote at the GOP convention, warning them "there's going to be a war" if they continue. They said, "I'd certainly whack them if they went off the reservation." ("Whack" is often construed to mean, in mob jargon. In the context, it's clearly meant to suggest some measure of violence.) Recently, a fellow delegate Williams has worked with received a threatening email from Paladino telling them "Your treacherous goal will not be forgotten."Remarkably, these are the words of a member of the convention's Credentials Committee, on which Paladino sits in judgment of other delegates' right to participate.According to Paladino's bio at Wikipedia, Paladino is a 30-year Democrat who turned Republican in 2005.  They are associated with longtime Trump confidant (and infamous "dirty trickster ") Roger Stone, who advised Paladino during their 2010 run for New York governor.In that election, Stone also ran the "novelty" gubernatorial campaign of Kristin M. Davis, aka the Manhattan Madam, a prostitute connected with former New York governor Eliot Spitzer. This conflict of interest prevented Stone from simultaneously running the campaign of Paladino, whom they favored in the race. On Stone's advice, Paladino hired former Stone employee Michael Caputo as their campaign manager. Paladino's affiliation with Roger Stone suggests the developer's message to Stefani Williams and other delegates may have been inspired by the in-your-face methods of Stone, who has been at the center of Trump's political aspirations over the years.At Paladino's website , a video clip refers to Paladino as a "Trump surrogate" – meaning he's authorized to speak for Trump, who themselves has been repeatedly accused of inciting violence, threatening opponents, and employing dirty tricks throughout the election. Such heavy-handed, shameless politics as we continually see in the Trump campaign – and the corruption of American culture it both feeds and feeds off of – is pulling America downward , despite Trump's brash assurances to the contrary.Republican delegate Stefani Williams, we should note, has been active for years in grassroots causes at the local and national levels.
Graph by Mike Norman Economics
According to a new study from the National Institute for Economic and Social Research, a London-based research organization, the austerity measures implemented across Europe in an attempt to get the continent's debt under control and stem its financial crisis have actually made matters worse, stunting growth and increasing debt
President Obama and their conservative European counterparts sought very different solutions to the global economic crisis, and because Mitt Romney would pursue an economic path similar to that taken by the conservative European governments, the results of these different economic approaches could not be more instructive for those voting in the U.S. presidential election. The Republicans criticize President Obama for the state of the economy, and in so doing prove themselves dishonest and hypocritical. As I wrote two months ago And this week's unemployment figures make it even more clear. In the United States, more jobs are being created than was expected, and unemployment is down to 7.9 percent . In the Eurozone, unemployment has risen to a record 11.6 percent . President Obama's stimulus policies are making things better. The conservative European austerity policies are making things worse
Mitt Romney and the Republicans want to impose European-style austerity on the United States. It would be disastrous to allow that to happen. A week ago, Nobel Prize-winning economist Paul Krugman explained:
Mr. Obama's camp argues for an active government role; their last major economic proposal, the American Jobs Act, would have tried to accelerate recovery by sustaining public spending and putting money in the hands of people likely to use it. Republicans, on the other hand, insist that the path to prosperity involves sharp cuts in government spending. And Republicans are dead wrong. The latest devastating demonstration of that wrongness comes from the International Monetary Fund, which has just released its World Economic Outlook, a report combining short-term prediction with insightful economic analysis. This report is a grim and disturbing document, telling us that the world economy is doing significantly worse than expected, with rising risks of global recession. But the report isn't just downbeat; it contains a careful analysis of the reasons things are going so badly. And what this analysis concludes is that a disproportionate share of the bad news is coming from countries pursuing the kind of austerity policies Republicans want to impose on America.
It's that simple. The U.S. economy is recovering , but the world economy as a whole is not; and one of the main reasons the world economy as a whole not only is not recovering but is in danger of sliding into a global recession is because of the economic austerity policies pursued by conservative governments that Mitt Romney would like to emulate. And given its globalized nature, the drag on the world economy by the austerity agenda of conservative European governments is making President Obama's job that much more difficult in creating a sustained recovery in the United States. But if Mitt Romney becomes president, that drag won't be coming only from the global economy, it will be coming from the domestic economy as well.
(Continue reading below the fold.)
University of North Florida Suffers Data Breach
A foreign hacker managed to break into a database containing the personal information of high school and college students at the University of North Florida. A total of 106,884 people could have been impacted by this breach and it was disclosed that 52,853 had their names and social security numbers compromised. The University notified thousands of students that may have had their names, Social Security numbers and dates of birth compromised due to a data breach on a university computer server.
The University issued the following statement on the incident:
Between September 24, 2010 and September 29, 2010, a UNF file containing the personal information of high school and college students (and others interested in UNF) may have been accessed by unauthorized persons outside the United States. While immediate steps were taken to contain this breach and to prevent further unauthorized access, UNF is sending letters and e-mails to the 106,884 people impacted by this breach of security. UNF recognizes that those impacted will have many questions. This list of frequently asked questions was designed to provide helpful information about the breach.
What happened?
A person (or persons) outside the United States unlawfully gained access to a computer server containing a confidential file of information. In the world of computer security, these types of people are identified as “intruders.” It is possible the intruder's intent was to either disrupt normal business or use the computer's processing power to launch similar attacks on other computers. While we have no proof that confidential information was stolen, the University is taking the precautionary measure of distributing a letter and e-mail notification to those individuals whose information was in the file, so that they can take appropriate steps....
The full statement, additional details and FAQs are available on the site setup by the university here.
The university said that the computer involved in the incident has been secured and precautions have been taken to minimize future data risks.
The university has also set up a phone number, 904-620-2114, and an e-mail account, [email protected], for questions concerning the data breach. We attempted to reach univeristy staff for comment via the hotline but operators were not available and a message instructed callers to visit the Web site that was setup to provide details on the breach.
Back in June, Buena Vista University suffered a data breach involving the personal information of 93,000 people.
Are you protecting your data from cybercriminals?
< Be Informed. Subscribe to SecurityWeek's Weekly Email Briefing Here >
BOSTON/CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa (Reuters) - Headwinds from China and the world's commodity markets may once again be upending the U.S. Federal Reserve's plans less than a month into its first-in-a-decade tightening cycle.
The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston's President and CEO Eric S. Rosengren speaks during the "Hyman P. Minsky Conference on the State of the U.S. and World Economies", in New York, April 17, 2013. REUTERS/Keith Bedford
The rout in China's stock market, weak oil prices and other factors are “furthering the concern that global growth has slowed significantly,” Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said on Wednesday.
Rosengren, who votes on the Fed's rate-setting committee this year, also said a second hike will face a strict test as the Fed looks for tangible evidence that U.S. growth will be “at or above potential” and inflation is moving back up toward the Fed's 2 percent target.
Chicago Fed chief Charles Evans, who like Rosengren is one of the central bank's most dovish policymakers, expressed similar concerns.
“It's something that's got to make you nervous,” they said of the drag slower growth in China could have on economies like the United States that don't do much direct trade.
Evans also said they were nervous about inflation expectations not being as firmly anchored as a year ago, and added it could be midyear before the Fed has a good picture of the inflation outlook.
When the Fed raised rates by a quarter point in December, policymakers in general forecast four further rate hikes this year.
But since then a marked drop in China's stock market and the yuan, a stubbornly strong dollar and a further decline in oil prices to near 12-year lows have presented a recurrence of challenges the Fed hoped it had left behind last autumn.
The Fed delayed an initial interest rate rise last September when a market sell-off in China triggered a fall in U.S. stocks.
U.S. equity markets, buffeted by renewed volatility, largely looked past last Friday's stellar jobs report. The Commerce Department will also likely report later this month that domestic growth in the fourth quarter slowed, which could further add to jitters.
Investors currently think the Fed will raise rates again in April, according to an analysis of fed funds futures contracts compiled by the CME Group.
On Monday, Atlanta Fed president Dennis Lockhart said they did not think there would be enough new data to make a decision on a second hike until at least April, in part because of China's effect on U.S. equity markets.
Lockhart also said they wanted “hard evidence” on a rise in inflation.
Robert Kaplan, the Dallas Fed's new president, on Monday cautioned that four interest-rate hikes are “not baked into the cake” given global stock market volatility set off by fears over a cooling Chinese economy.
While Kaplan thought there might be enough economic data to hand by March to decide whether to raise rates again, “there's no substitute for time in assessing economic data as it unfolds,” they said.
The Fed upgraded language in its December policy statement to reflect its desire to see more certainty inflation would trend upwards. Any slowing in domestic growth would hamper this.
The Fed holds the first of its scheduled eight policy meetings this year on Jan. 26-27.
Chris Floyd , Published: 02 February 2010 Hits: 13141
The American elite's unbounded, unquestioned, indeed unconscious sense of imperial entitlement and dominance -- based ultimately on war, the threat of war and the profit from war -- is one of the defining characteristics of our age. And if you would like to see a glaring example of this attitude in action, look no further than the front page of Tuesday's New York Times, where one David Sanger gives us their penetrating "news analysis" of the Administration's just-announced $3.8 trillion budget.
Sanger focuses on the huge, continuing deficits that the budget forecasts over the next decade. Completely ignoring the plain truth that their own expert source tell them later in the story -- that "forecasts 10 years out have no credibility" -- Sanger boldly plunges forward to tell us just what it all means. You will not be surprised to hear that the upshot of these big deficits is that neither Obama nor their successors will be able to spend any money on "new domestic initiatives" for years to come. But let's let Sanger, savant and seer, tell it in their own words:
In a federal budget filled with mind-boggling statistics, two numbers stand out as particularly stunning, for the way they may change American politics and American power.
The first is the projected deficit in the coming year, nearly 11 percent of the country's entire economic output. That is not unprecedented: During the Civil War, World War I and World War II, the United States ran soaring deficits, but usually with the expectation that they would come back down once peace was restored and war spending abated.
But the second number, buried deeper in the budget's projections, is the one that really commands attention: By President Obama's own optimistic projections, American deficits will not return to what are widely considered sustainable levels over the next 10 years. ...
For Mr. Obama and their successors, the effect of those projections is clear: Unless miraculous growth, or miraculous political compromises, creates some unforeseen change over the next decade, there is virtually no room for new domestic initiatives for Mr. Obama or their successors. Beyond that lies the possibility that the United States could begin to suffer the same disease that has afflicted Japan over the past decade. As debt grew more rapidly than income, that country's influence around the world eroded.
July 6, 2013, by Ben Schoeffler
I just got back from the new magician movie ‘Now You See Me' starring Jesse Eisenberg, Morgan Freeman, Woody Harrelson, Dave Franco, Mark Ruffalo and Isla Fisher. The movie surrounds four slight of hand entertainers who come together to form a group called the Four Horsemen. In the movie, Woody Harrelson doesn't play your standard magician, instead they play a mentalist. A mentalist is someone who through the use of psychological tricks, observation of body language, and misdirection creates the illusion that they have supernatural powers. These can take the form of mind reading, prediction, or even mind control.
The really cool thing about this movie is although some of the magic was helped with a bit of CGI, all of the mentalism tricks that Woody Harrelson and the rest of the cast performed are completely legitimate. I'm going to break down one of the scenes that you will find in the movie that shows Woody actively performing mentalism. Most of the other scenes use variations on techniques that were performed in this first setup shot.
The Airport Scene Overview
In this scene Merritt McKinney (Woody Harrelson's character) is performing a scam on a couple at the airport (I think its an airport at least). They hypnotize the woman, and then they use mentalism to extract information from the man. The information they gather is that the man is cheating on their wife with their sister, and they then blackmails the man to giving them $250 so their wife forgets what they heard.
Skills Utilized:
Hypnosis
Speed/rapid inductions
Mentalism
Microgestures
Body language
Scene Breakdown
The audience enters the scene with the woman becoming hypnotized. We see the tail end of a rapid induction being performed, specifically an arm-pull induction. In the movie this is done with a bit more roughness than what is typical, but hey, its a movie right? If you want to see a clip of someone going through an induction of this type, feel free to view this clip:
After the person is hypnotized Merritt then performs a few exercises to elicit hypnotic phenomenon and 'prove' the woman is really hypnotized. The woman finds that they can't move from that spot, and that they can't speak. Here is a clip of real life mentalist Derren Brown performing the same ‘stuck to the ground' trick to a woman crossing the street:
After Merritt has the woman sufficiently hypnotized and stuck in place, they then turns to the man, their real target. This is where the mentalism bit comes in. Using a series of educated guesses, cold reading techniques, and barnum statements, they are able to deduce that the man went on a business trip recently that wasn't really for "business". Merritt keeps interrogating the man and keeping an eye out for body language cues that suggest they are hiding something. They then quickly goes through the alphabet with the man and the camera zooms in on the mans face picking up their microgestures when the letter ‘J' is mentioned. This process is continued until Merritt figures out that it is the wifes sister that the husband went on a business trip with, and the two of them obviously had an affair.
At this point the wife is livid, but being comically/hypnotically stuck to the floor and unable to speak, they can't do anything about it. The man quickly realizes he's in a pickle and this is when Merritt blackmails him. They say they can make their wife forget about everything that happened if they give them a small sum (namely everything in their wallet!). The man agrees, and with a quick suggestion from Merritt, the wife forgets everything, is awoken from trance, and is told that they just aren't hypnotizable. They then walks off in a slightly confused state with their now stressed out (and broke) husband.
Reality Check
Ok, a lot of stuff happened in that scene and all of it has a solid basis in reality. The arm pull induction is one used often, not only in hypnosis stage shows, but sometimes in clinical or medical work. Generally the arm-pull is much gentler like I mentioned before, but the technique that was shown in the movie was real.
So can a person be hypnotized that quickly and elicit that type of hypnotic phenomenon so convincingly in real life? Absolutely! Although that person would be called a somnambulist. A somnambulist is a person who is highly suggestible. These are people who are typically very creative, great learners, and comprises an estimated 10-15% of the population (this percentage varies on who you ask). They are often times the stars of hypnotic stage shows. If you go under hypnosis enough, you can actually train yourself to have some of the traits of a natural somnambulist.
The next question is, would this woman really forget something as devastating as their husband cheating? Yes, at least initially. The trouble with memory and trance is there is a feature of the human psyche called the “Hidden Observer”. This is a part of your mind that is always looking out for you, even if you are in a hypnotic trance. If you are curious about this, look up the experiments done by Ernest Hilgard.
The woman might forget the whole thing for the rest of their life, or because of this hidden observer, perhaps the knowledge of their husband cheating might manifest itself in other areas. Maybe they would become distrustful for no apparent reason, maybe they would start to dislike their sister, who knows. There is no real way to be sure, and the character Merritt isn't really concerned with the longevity of their hypnotically induced amnesia, they really just wants the quick buck.
Could it Really Happen?
Could that scene in the airport happen in real life? Could there be hypnotic con-men out there looking to scam people out of money? The answer is a surprising, yes. The caveat to that affirmation is that it would be INCREDIBLY RARE. The stars aligned to give Merritt a somnambulistic subject with a husband that cheated on them Merritt also asked exactly the right questions to withdraw the hidden secrets from the husband in a quick and efficient manner. All of this for a paltry sum: $250 bucks.
The amount of skill required to do this makes it a rare ability. The movie also doesn't show the dozens of people their scam did NOT work on. With mentalism there is always a degree of error, errors that are usually overlooked because of the amazing successes. It would simply be much easier for a crook to hold up a couple with a weapon of some sort rather than train for years in hypnosis and mentalism. It does make for a great movie though!
Movies VS the Real World
In reality hypnosis is used all the time in the medical field as a complementary therapy. Although not as flashy as making someone become stuck to the floor, helping a patient in chronic pain can seem just as magical (especially if you are the one in pain!). Hypnosis can help with teeth grinding, quitting smoking, anxiety issues, insomnia, sports performance, or really anything that has a mental component to it.
If you haven't seen it yet I highly recommend you check out Now You See Me in theaters. It is a great movie, definitely one of my favorites. There aren't many movies that feature hypnosis in them, and even fewer that are this entertaining!
Sleep hypnosis?
Although movies sometimes show people falling into coma-like states using hypnosis, if you have actual trouble sleeping then real life hypnosis is a good option. If you have insomnia, or if it takes you more than 30 minutes to fall asleep at night then you should take my sleep test at www.BrilliantSide.com which will help determine your sleep type. Utilizing that information you can use sleep hypnosis to help you fall asleep faster, and sleep deeper.
Oh, Fox News. Right on schedule, Fox is first to come up with a crazy-ass conspiracy theory about the Petraeus resignation. And it all revolves around "Benghazi", because "Benghazi" is the conspiracy theory of all good and upstanding batshit insane Republicans, so Rupert Murdoch and Fox News just wanna throw that one out there. It would be irresponsible not to just make stuff up, right?
Just as impressive as the quickness of getting their first conspiracy theory on the air was how quickly the hive mind coalesced around it—again, possibly because Fox News only has two or three stories they can parrot at a time, so everything either gets dumped into one of those bins or ignored completely.
@IngrahamAngle via Twitter for BlackBerryÂ® COINCIDENCE?! Petraeus is set to testify NEXT week at a closed door session on Capitol Hill abt Benghazi. Did BHO push them out? This stinks!
Jourmalism.
We've some great news for users who want to unlock their iPhone.
Hacker Loktar_Sun from weiphone.com has managed to successfully unlock iPhone 4S using SAM (Subscriber Artificial Module) – a jailbreak tweak that until now allowed users to hacktivate their iPhones.
Update:
SAM has been updated by Sam Bingner, which makes it a lot easier to unlock your iPhone. Check this post for the step-by-step instructions to unlock your iPhone using the latest version of SAM.
Things that you need to unlock your iPhone using SAM:
You need a jailbroken iPhone. If you haven't done it yet then check out our How to Jailbreak webpage for links to the latest tutorial to jailbreak your iPhone.
webpage for links to the latest tutorial to jailbreak your iPhone. Latest version of iTunes and (of course) an internet connection.
Important Points:
Your phone will work normally with your SIM card and that SIM card ONLY since we have tricked iTunes to think that ICCID is one of the intended carrier's. The phone can be rebooted and connected to iTunes freely without losing the “unlock”, at least for now.
Due to the above limitation, if you have an off-contract AT&T iPhone then we would still recommend requesting AT&T to unlock your iPhone
This method should work with iPhone 4S, iPhone 4 and iPhone 3GS.
This method has been tested on a jailbroken iPhone on iOS 5.0.1, but should work even on tethered iOS 5.1.
This method should work across all basebands.
You don't need the original SIM, you just need to know what carrier it was for (to create an official looking IMSI).
If you've hactivated your iPhone, you must first unhactivate it (just use SAM's “stockify” option when it notices you're hacktivated).
Please find the step-by-step instructions to unlock your iPhone:
Step 1: Launch Cydia on your jailbroken iPhone.
Step 2: Sam Bingner's SAM (Subscriber Artificial Module) package.
Tap on the Manage tab
Then tap on Sources
Then the Edit button
Enter repo.bingner.com as the Cydia/Apt URL
Tap on Add Source
Cydia will verify the URL of the repo and successfully install it.
Step 3: After the package is installed, you need to Install SAM and SAMPrefs.
Either tap on Changes tab or use the Search tab to search for SAM
Select SAM for the list of search results
Tap on the Installation button
Then tap on the Confirm button.
Tap on the Reload Springboard button when prompted.
This will also install SAMPrefs
Once you have SAM installed, you need to follow the instructions mentioned below, which was published by Laforet based on instructions provided by Loktar_Sun over at weiphone.com:
Step 4: Enter SAM by either going through the settings menu or find the SAMPrefs icon on your springboard. You will need to have the SIM card you intend to use in your phone.
Step 5: Go to utilities and select “De-Activate iPhone”, your ActivationState under “More Information” should now be “Unactivated”
Step 6: With SAM enabled, choose “By Country and Carrier” in “Method”; find your carrier, for some carriers operating more than one Carrier ID you may need to select “SIM ID”; easy to tell since iTunes will not activate if the wrong IMSI is selected. Update: Some readers have managed to successfully unlock their iPhone using the Auto Detect method. Thanks everyone for your feedback.
Step 7: Go to More Information”, copy or write down the IMSI in “SAM Details”, then tap “Spoof Real SIM to SAM”.
Step 8: Go back to the main SAM screen and change your “Method” to manual. Paste or enter the IMSI string we saved in Step 7.
Step 9: Connect your iPhone to your computer and allow iTunes to do its job (namely re-activating your phone), double click “Phone Number” parameter at the main device screen and make sure that the ICCID matches that of your SIM card. If not you need to start over from Step 1.
Step 10: Unplug your phone, close iTunes.
Step 11: Disable SAM. The source article says to uninstall SAM and delete your lockdownd folders; it's unnecessary.
Step 12: Connect your phone to iTunes again, you should get an error saying that your phone cannot be activated. This is normal. Just close iTunes and open it again.
Step 13: You should see signal bars in a short time, congratulations.
Step 14: Push notifications may stop working after this procedure but can be easily restored with “clear push” utility in SAM followed by connecting to iTunes.
Video Tutorial:
If you've problems following the step-by-step guide then check out the video tutorial by Jeff Benjamin embedded below:
MuscleNerd of the iPhone Dev team has confirmed that they have managed to successfully unlock their iPhone 4S and got it to work on T-Mobile USA's network using this method.
After you've successfully unlocked your iPhone, follow these step-by-step instructions to take a backup of the activation ticket created using this SAM unlocking trick as it will be useful in the future.
So let us know how it goes.
Update 1:
Post updated with some useful information provided by the ever so dependable MuscleNerd.
Update 2:
Post updated with link to step-by-step guide to take a backup of the activation ticket created using this SAM unlocking trick.
Update 3:
If you were not able to unlock your iPhone, then please note that SAM has just been updated by Sam Bingner, which makes it a lot easier to unlock your iPhone. Check this post for the step-by-step instructions to unlock your iPhone using the latest version of SAM.
Update 4:
Apple has started blocking SAM trick to unlock iPhone, check out this post for more details.
Like this post? Share it!
Animal Rights Activists Steal Fish from Man at St. Petersburg Park
Thanks to Bob Hope for sharing this video. This is the same group that terrorized customers at a Pinellas Park Chick-fil-A.
The following is what was posted by Bob Hope
So, this afternoon, i decided to have my family come down to St Pete to have a nice family day of fishing. We were at Crescent Lake Park enjoying ourselves and my dad actually caught a nice 4 lb tilapia of which we had hoped to later have a meal out of.
They asked my brother to run and fetch the bucket to put this fish in when we were suddenly ambushed and harassed by these nut jobs!!! They literally pushed my mothers leg and stole the fish and threw it into the water. Here's a little video of some of the incident. Even strangers in the park were coming to our defense. I called the police, but the woman who came did not want to end up on video so they said they were doing nothing. I sure wish a few of my friends who are Pinellas Counties finest had answered this call. What do you guys think? Comment away.
Comments
comments
This Nettle and Feta Ravioli is a fun meal to make from scratch and tastes out of this world. Go pluck those weeds from your back garden and put them to good use!
Gardeners up and down the country are despairing at the first sight of the invasive stinging nettles return, but I just see lunch!
Homemade Pasta
My newest kitchen gadget is a pasta machine, and even before I'd ordered it I couldn't wait to make stuffed pasta like a ravioli. It's very simple to make, although really time consuming, so I would recommend leaving this dish to a weekend or when you have nothing else to do apart from play with your food :)
Start with a clean kitchen, put your phone on silent and pour a glass of chilled white if that's your thing. This is food that is made with lots of love so ignore the real world and indulge yourself in the act of making beautiful food.
The nettle and feta filling is extraordinarily good. In each bite you have a hit of the salty feta, the earthy green of the nettles and the wonderful texture from the toasted pine nuts, all wrapped up in a soft, fresh pasta drenched with a light and simple butter sauce. Divine.
If you do give this, or any of my recipes a go, please share a pic with me on Twitter, Instagram or Facebook and do let me know what you think. Your comments are always appreciated and help me plan more yummy recipes to share with you in the future :)
Janie x
Print Nettle and Feta Ravioli Prep Time 2 hrs 30 mins Cook Time 20 mins Total Time 2 hrs 50 mins Course: Main Course Cuisine: Italian Keyword: Nettle and Feta Ravioli Servings : 4 -6 depending on sides & hunger levels Calories : 440 kcal Authors : Jane Sarchet Ingredients Filling 2 tablespoons pine nuts
Oil or fat like butter or dripping
1 onion small ,finely chopped
1/4 teaspoon dried chilli flakes
2 handfuls stinging nettle tops fresh
salt & pepper
200 g feta cheese Pasta 2 eggs large
200 g flour Cooking 2 tablespoons butter UK Measurements - USA Measurements Instructions Filling Heat a large saucepan and without adding any oil, pop in the pine nuts and keep moving them round and round until they are lightly browned. Pop them to one side. Next add the oil to the pan and gently cook the onion until softened. Add the nettle tops and let them sweat down just like spinach does then season with the chilli, salt and pepper, and let the whole pan cool. Pasta On a clean work surface or in a large mixing bowl weight out the flour and make a large well in the middle. Crack in the eggs, and gently whisk them well with a fork. Slowly starting bringing in the flour, until you have a lumpy looking dough. Dust the work surface with more flour and start kneading the dough for about 10 minutes or until it feels silky and smooth. Bring together into a ball and wrap tightly in cling film and pop in the fridge for an hour. Filling By now the nettle mixture should have cooled, so crumble the block of feta into it and mix loosely. You'll need to break up any lumps larger than a marble. Pasta It'll be very firm when you bring it out, so get kneading again as best you can until it feels more pliable. Cut off 1/4 of the dough, wrapping the remainder back in the cling film to stop it drying out. Flatten it out and dust with more flour before putting it through a pasta machine, starting on the widest setting. Take it through each setting 2 or 3 times before reducing the thickness again. On my machine I found the second to last setting was best for ravioli as the last setting was very thin and tore easily when forming. Lay the long sheet of pasta out on the floured counter. Mark the halfway point with a knife and on one half add little teaspoons of your nettle mixture. Ensure you leave enough room either side of your filling to close the pasta. Brush around each lump of filling with water, then fold the other half of pasta over the filling and press down gently around each nodule of filling, being careful not to rip the pasta and to expel any pockets of air. Use a knife, cookie cutter or fancy pasta cutter to cut into the shapes and size you want, leaving enough pasta around each filling to make a good seal. Pop each ravioli onto a floured baking tray and cover with a clean teatowel. Continue with the rest of the pasta until all is used up. To Cook Bring a large pan of water to the strong simmer. Add a good tablespoon of salt to the cooking water. This step is more important than it sounds - it turns OK pasta into amazing pasta! Add the pasta in batches and cook for 2 minutes, then use a slotted spoon to remove them onto a waiting plate. When all is cooked, drain all thw water away apart from around 2 tablespoons. Add in the butter and cook the salty water and butter together until it starts to reduce. Gently slide the pasta back in and spoon over the buttery sauce so all pieces gets a little coating. Serve and enjoy! Nutrition Facts Nettle and Feta Ravioli Amount Per Serving Calories 440 Calories from Fat 198 % Daily Value* Total Fat 22g 34% Saturated Fat 12g 60% Cholesterol 141mg 47% Sodium 643mg 27% Potassium 184mg 5% Total Carbohydrates 43g 14% Dietary Fiber 2g 8% Sugars 3g Protein 16g 32% vitamin A 10.8% vitamin C 2.5% Calcium 27.3% Iron 18.7% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
If you felt the sudden urge to be petty af today, or to hit up your ex boyfriend just to confuse him, that's probably because it is Taylor Swift's birthday. We've seen Taylor grow from a 16-year-old country music star with impossibly curly hair to a 28-eight-year-old pop music graveyard girl with shorter impossibly curly hair. It's kind of inspiring. Being that Taylor is almost 30 (gasp!!!), it's probably time they update some of their more teenager-ey tunes to reflect their late-twenties lifestyle. You know, replacing the references to high school with references to LinkedIn, and adding in more lines about how you thought you'd be married or have a house by now, but instead you still have 5 roommates and are trolling for dick on Hinge. Inspiring stuff.
Anyway, to help welcome Taylor into the world of old millennials, we've updated the lyrics to their song “22” to reflect their new 28-year-old lifestyle. It's a lot less dressing up like hipsters and clubbing, and a lot more putting on sweatpants (because your metabolism has slowed down irreparably and they're the only thing that fit you right now) and texting your mom about how sad you are. It's honestly better than it sounds.
“28” by Taylor Swift (sort of)
It feels like the perfect night to put on pajamas
And binge watch Netflix uh, uh, uh uh
It feels like the perfect night to but shit off Amazon
And fall asleep early, oh yeah
Yeah, we're anxious depressed overworked and hangry at the same time
It's miserable and miserable oh yeahhhh
Oh fuck I realized I forgot all my deadlines, oh shit
Sorry I was late, but now I'm twenty eight
I cancel basically all my plans now, you're lucky I came out
You don't know about me, but I'm almost thirty
I don't really need new friends, but I'll act fake now ‘cuz I'm twenty-eight (twenty-eight)
It seems like one of those nights
I'm leaving early. This place is too crowded. Too many college kids, uh uh, uh uh
It seems like one of those nights
We Irish goodbye
And drink some boxed wine
Yeah
Sorry I was late, but now I'm twenty eight
I cancel basically all my plans now, so you're lucky I came out
You don't know about me, but I'm almost thirty
I don't really need new friends, but I'll be fake now ‘cuz I'm twenty-eight
On the first boot the system is almost completely unconfigured so there are some tasks you will need to do first.
The very first thing you need to do is to change the default root password by running:
passwd
Then, you will have to configure the locales. You can do this by running the following command:
dpkg-reconfigure locales
Go ahead and select all the en_US locales by using the space bar plus any other locales you want. When you are done hit Enter. Lastly, select the en_US.UTF-8 as the default locale and hit Enter.
Next you will need to configure the timezone. To do this run the following command:
dpkg-reconfigure tzdata
At this point it's a good idea to do some updates:
apt-get update apt-get upgrade apt-get dist-upgrade
Next thing you need to do, is to install a text editor in order to be able to edit configuration files. One of the easiest to use terminal text editors is nano:
apt-get install nano
When you are done editing a file using nano hit Ctrl-X to exit, type y and finally hit Enter to save the changes.
Next you need to create a normal user to use instead of root to make the system more secure and also reduce the risk of human error:
useradd raspcam passwd raspcam mkdir /home/raspcam chown raspcam:raspcam /home/raspcam
And to change the default shell to bash run:
nano /etc/passwd
And replace /bin/sh with /bin/bash on the line that starts with raspcam.
Now you need to give that user the ability to do things that require root access so you need to install sudo:
apt-get install sudo
Then to give your user the ability to use sudo run:
visudo
And right after the line:
root ALL=(ALL:ALL) ALL
put the following line:
raspcam ALL=(ALL:ALL) ALL
Finally, run:
su - raspcam
From now on you will use that user for anything you want to do and when you need root access you will use sudo.
Next to make the system a little more secure it's a good idea to prevent root login through SSH. So, run:
sudo nano /etc/ssh/sshd_config
And on the line:
PermitRootLogin yes
Change the yes to no.
Next, install the raspi-copies-and-fills package for improved memory management performance:
sudo apt-get install raspi-copies-and-fills
Now it's a good time to give your Pi a static IP so you won't have to search what IP address it has all the time. To do so you need to edit the /etc/network/interfaces configuration file:
sudo nano /etc/network/interfaces
Your /etc/network/interfaces needs to have the following format:
auto lo iface lo inet loopback auto eth0 iface eth0 inet static address x.x.x.x netmask y.y.y.y gateway z.z.z.z
In order for the Raspberry Pi to be able to communicate with the rest of the network (including your own computer) you need to make sure that the netmask, and the gateway fields are exactly the same with your own computer. The address can be any valid IP address as long as it belongs to the same network with your own computer and does not conflict with another one, that has been already allocated from the DHCP server of your router to another device.
To figure out what to use for the address, the netmask, and the gateway, you need to check the network configuration of your own computer.
If you are using Linux run the following command as root:
ifconfig
And you will get an output similar to the following:
eth0 Link encap:Ethernet HWaddr 11:22:33:aa:bb:cc inet addr:192.168.1.4 Bcast:192.168.1.255 Mask:255.255.255.0 inet6 addr: fe80::2a10:7bff:fec5:6bc4/64 Scope:Link UP BROADCAST RUNNING MULTICAST MTU:1500 Metric:1 RX packets:1917143 errors:0 dropped:1 overruns:0 frame:0 TX packets:2092796 errors:0 dropped:0 overruns:0 carrier:0 collisions:0 txqueuelen:1000 RX bytes:642211523 (612.4 MiB) TX bytes:1122273820 (1.0 GiB) lo Link encap:Local Loopback inet addr:127.0.0.1 Mask:255.0.0.0 inet6 addr: ::1/128 Scope:Host UP LOOPBACK RUNNING MTU:65536 Metric:1 RX packets:72892 errors:0 dropped:0 overruns:0 frame:0 TX packets:72892 errors:0 dropped:0 overruns:0 carrier:0 collisions:0 txqueuelen:0 RX bytes:11713024 (11.1 MiB) TX bytes:11713024 (11.1 MiB)
As you can see in this example this particular machine has the IP address 192.168.1.4, the broadcast address of the current network is 192.168.1.255 and the network mask is 255.255.255.0. From that information you already know what to use for the netmask field.
Now to find out the gateway IP address (which is the IP address of your router) you can run the following command as root:
route -n
This will give you an output similar to the following:
Kernel IP routing table Destination Gateway Genmask Flags Metric Ref Use Iface 0.0.0.0 192.168.1.1 0.0.0.0 UG 1024 0 0 eth0 192.168.1.0 0.0.0.0 255.255.255.0 U 0 0 0 eth0
The gateway is the IP address that has as its destination the IP address 0.0.0.0. In this example the gateway IP is 192.168.1.1.
Lastly, for the address field you can use any IP address between 192.168.1.1 and 192.168.1.254 as long as it's not the gateway address and it does not conflict with the IP of another device on the network. I suggest using an IP address like for example 192.168.1.100 so the risk of conflict will be very small. Furthermore, an IP address like this will be easier to remember.
If you want to be extra sure that the IP of the Pi will never conflict with the IP address of another device, you will need to configure the DHCP server of your router to exclude that IP from its address pool. Unfortunately, I cannot describe how to do that since every router is different.
If you are using Windows you can find out what address, netmask, and gateway to use in the same way by running the following command on the command line:
ipconfig /all
So, for our example the /etc/network/interfaces would look like the following:
auto lo iface lo inet loopback auto eth0 iface eth0 inet static address 192.168.1.100 netmask 255.255.255.0 gateway 192.168.1.1
Next you need to set the nameservers. To do that run:
sudo nano /etc/resolv.conf
Typically, the primary nameserver will be your router, for the secondary nameserver you can use the Google Public DNS which is 8.8.8.8. To add the Google Public DNS as the secondary nameserver, at the end of the config file add the following line:
nameserver 8.8.8.8
Finally, for the changes to take effect you need to restart the networking service:
sudo /etc/init.d/networking restart
After restarting the networking service the SSH session is going to hang, because the IP of the Raspberry Pi has now changed so you will have to reconnect, but this time using the new user you created instead of root.
After reconnecting to your Pi you need to enable the camera module. To do so first you need to install raspi-config:
sudo apt-get install raspi-config
And run it as root:
sudo raspi-config
Select the Enable Camera option and then select Enable. Finally, answer yes to the question if you want to restart the Raspberry Pi now. After the reboot reconnect to it through SSH.
Last night I dreamed I was laying inside of their mouth, tucked safely under the blanket weight of their tongue. And from the hiding spot, I knew everything. Every electronic thought that danced through their brain and traveled quickly to the air in front of their lips, I was a part of. A little scrap of self placed on every syllable, like salt or a swear. I laid, chokingly immobile under waves of spit and was made whole. I found prayers and stories tucked between gum and tooth. I was flossing their soul. I was inside the softest and deepest of torture chambers, holding the ON switch in my lap.
When I thought I had woken during the night, I sat up in my dark bedroom only to see five foot bicuspids opening and closing before me. I slunk back under the comforter and touched the holes and little fibers unmistakable of the clicking organ. Their flavor possessed my unconscious. I felt their breath. For once during the slow marathon of sleep, I felt as awake as I was at birth. As aware, as senseless, as whole. When I fell backwards into the dream, I fell into the quiet corner of their jaw, where the secrets and shames are kept. There I stayed.
If dreams were life, then all questions would be answered.
There I stay.
If you can't see your favorite pop star in person, pizza is probably the next best thing.
Lady Gaga announced that they had to cancel Monday night's show in Montreal due to illness. But as sad as they were to miss it, they made sure their most ardent fans weren't left totally empty-handed.
I'm so sorry Montréal. We are working on postponing the show. Please read this message from my ❤️ below. pic.twitter.com/ktglIGpykL — xoxo, Gaga (@ladygaga) September 4, 2017
A group of monsters, as their fans are known, was camped outside their hotel. So they ordered them pizza and sent down some autographs to thank them.
I'm sending free 🍕 to any monsters outside my hotel The William Gray Montréal 😭. I love u so much & I'm so sorry u you'rehe most loyal fans. — xoxo, Gaga (@ladygaga) September 4, 2017
Naturally, these monsters were thrilled with the delivery, since who doesn't love free pizza? And they took to social media to praise them
You are the only girl I know who would send pizza and autographs to their fans! Not to mention go on the roof for them to sing to you! ❤️❤️ — xoxo, Wright (@GagaLoverNE) September 4, 2017
They even started singing for her...
Monsters outside gagas hotel singing after the pizza pic.twitter.com/snEJFzrldQ — ✨ jenna ✨ (@idkjenna) September 4, 2017
...And they came out to watch them.
They came back out to say hi pic.twitter.com/4MWzotp9Dk — ✨ jenna ✨ (@idkjenna) September 4, 2017
They may not have gotten to see them sing, but at least these fans got to savor a moment (and a slice) that they'll surely remember forever.
Google may soon launch a new, more sophisticated voice assistant for Android devices that can respond to natural language commands, claims tech enthusiast site Android and Me.
Codenamed Majel after the late "Star Trek" actor Majel Barrett-Roddenberry, who provided the voice of the computer for all of the later versions of the popular science fiction TV series, the new voice assistant could launch as early as January or February.
If the report holds true, Majel would be an upgrade to Android's current Voice Actions app, which lets you make calls, send e-mails, search the Web, get directions, and perform other actions via your voice. But in its current incarnation, Voice Actions relies on preset voice commands in contrast to Siri, which lets you converse more naturally.
Details are sparse at this point. Google did not immediately respond to CNET's request for comment.
But Android and Me says that only Google search queries would be accessible in the first release since engineers have been working hard to get Majel off the ground. The project is reportedly being cooked up at Google X, the company's "secret" laboratory designed to turn futuristic ideas into reality, as profiled recently by The New York Times.
Majel is also expected to speak with a more human-sounding voice, thanks to Google's purchase of Phonetic Arts, according to Android and Me. If so, then Majel could be able to converse with people just as Siri does.
Different developers have been busy creating their own Android counterparts to Siri, but so far there's been nothing from Google itself beyond Voice Actions.
Google Chairman Eric Schmidt recently referred to Siri as a "significant development" but one that they think could threaten the search giant's core business. Siri uses Google by default to perform a Web search. But Siri users can also tap into Bing, Yahoo, Wolfram Alpha, and a host of other online services to track down information and answers.
In 2011, Heath Campbell received worldwide attention for naming their son Adolf Hitler, and was branded the “Nazi dad.” Now, they appear in a new documentary, Meet the Hitlers, a film that explores the lives of people who are linked by the name Hitler. This short excerpt from the film delves into Campbell's story, but there are other characters—a migrant worker, a teenage girl, an 80-year-old grandfather—all who are linked by the notorious name. It's a film that examines the relationship between names and identity for a very particular subset of the population: those whose names connect them, whether by choice or not, to one of the most infamous leaders of the 20th century. The full film is available on iTunes.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
1. Hot Shoppes' Cool Finish
Their name is synonymous with hotels, but it all began for John Willard Marriott in 1927 with an A&W Root Beer franchise in Columbia Heights. Changing the name to the Hot Shoppe, Marriott soon branched out, opening the East Coast's first drive-in, on DC's Georgia Avenue, serving burgers, floats, and the standby treat for post-mixer dates and kids' birthdays, the Hot Fudge Ice Cream Cake.
2. Jimmie Cone
Don't think the town of Damascus—which banned alcohol sales for 132 years, until 2013—doesn't know how to indulge: Jimmie Cone's soft-serve is 10 percent butterfat, double Dairy Queen's butterfat content. Opened in 1962, the roadside stand got its name from the more than 100 pounds of sprinkles, or jimmies, it goes through weekly, but to locals it's better known for its annual banana-split-eating contest, this year on July 9.
3. Soft-Serve Survivor
After its 1950 Art Deco drive-in stand was razed in the mid-'90s during Northern Virginia's building boom, Falls Church's Frozen Dairy Bar eventually went upscale, serving sit-down dinners such as Cabernet-braised short ribs in what has become a nondescript suburban strip. The six-decade-old frozen-custard recipe, however, remains the same.
4. Ben & Jerry Take Washington
In 1987, Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield introduced Cherry Garcia, named for the Grateful Dead's Jerry Garcia—taking a jab at the White House's “Just Say No” anti-drug campaign. But a year later, Ronald Reagan named them Small Business Persons of the Year, saying they were “what American free enterprise is all about.” Soon after, Ben & Jerry's released Peace Pops, ice-cream bars with packaging critical of Reagan's defense spending.
5. The Scoop on Capitol Hill
Every June for more than a quarter century, the International Ice Cream Association has hosted Congress members, their staff, and the public at its Capitol Hill Ice Cream Party in Upper Senate Park. The 116-year-old organization's 60 member companies sell an estimated 85 percent of ice-cream desserts eaten in America.
6. The Battle for Serendipity 3
Notorious for its $1,000 caviar-and-edible-gold sundae, Georgetown's Serendipity 3 drew blockbusting lines at Wisconsin and M soon after it opened in 2011. A branch of the New York eatery that inspired the John Cusack rom-com Serendipity, the restaurant began as a partnership between a DC bar owner and a stepson of former Washington Redskins owner Jack Kent Cooke. Epic infighting between the pair doomed the place in 2014.
7. Washington's Cream Machine
George Washington had such a taste for ice cream that in 1784 they bought a “cream machine for ice” for Mount Vernon and later established ice cream as a standard presidential dessert, a tradition continued by Dolley Madison.
8. Stand and Deliver
Shaped like squared-off igloos with polar bears at the entrances, Beck's Frozen Custard stands capitalized on Washington's emerging car culture in the '30s. After WWII, Beck's employee Carl Sponseller moved to Fredericksburg to open their own stand in an Art Moderne style. Added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005, Carl's still serves up creamy goodness today.
9. Dr. Ice Cream
Founded in 1924, the University of Maryland Dairy was overseen by Dr. Wendell Arbuckle from 1949 till the early '70s. Arbuckle concocted sweet potato, bubblegum, grass, and other flavors that pass for hip today and wrote a 474-page textbook, Ice Cream. In 2014, the dairy moved to the student union, but its products are still made with local milk and inspired by Arbuckle's recipes.
10. America's Ice-Cream Parlor
The buff brick building next to the Gap on Georgetown's Wisconsin Avenue once housed Stohlman's Confectionary, among the city's busiest ice-cream shops. Frederick Stohlman opened it in 1866, and through nearly a century, the ice-cream parlor stayed in their family. After it closed in 1957, the interior was donated to the Smithsonian, and visitors at what's now the National Museum of American History later enjoyed sundaes and sodas there.
This article appears in our July 2016 issue of Washingtonian.
Political correctness kills.
We in the West have a strong and decent desire to avoid labeling individuals in negative ways based on heightened statistical risks among particular population groups. That desire sometimes comes into direct conflict with the need to say something if we see something suspicious. As rational people, we take into account enhanced risk profiles when determining level of suspicion. A white guy driving around Beverly Hills at night in a Jaguar isn't suspicious; a white guy driving into South Central at night in a Jaguar is. That's not racism. That's rationality.
All of this is the predictable result of a campaign to drill politically correct – and dangerous notions – about safety into the heads of the American people.
But political correctness quashes such rationality. Political correctness says that not only must we be wary of our own prejudices, we must ignore rational risk profiling so as not to offend people.
Sadly, facts are offensive. And it is a fact that a group of heretofore unknown Middle Eastern men congregating at odd times in San Bernardino should raise questions more than a group of men of other ethnicities. Apparently, for one man, it did – and they stifled that impulse to avoid being seen as racist. CBSLA.com reports:
A man who has been working in the area said they noticed a half-dozen Middle Eastern men in the area in recent weeks, but decided not to report anything since they did not wish to racially profile those people. “We sat around lunch thinking, ‘What war they're doing around the neighborhood?'” they said. “We'd see them leave where they're raiding the apartment.”
Fourteen people are dead because a normal American didn't want to offend anybody by reporting their suspicions about a person of minority ethnicity and religion.
This isn't the first time. When Muslim terrorists planned to attack Fort Dix in 2006, they first stopped at a Circuit City to copy a tape of them “firing guns and praising jihad,” according to The New York Post. One of the clerks found this suspicious, but hesitated about calling the police. “Dude, I just saw some really weird s***,” they said. “I don't know what to do. Should I call someone or is that being racist?”
Thankfully, a co-worker told them to call the police. They first asked their manager, then called the police. That led to a 16-month FBI investigation and the arrest of six would-be terrorists.
Imagine if PC had won.
All of this is the predictable result of a campaign to drill politically correct – and dangerous notions – about safety into the heads of the American people. This is what happens when the President of the United States slanders as racist citizens for reporting a Muslim teenager for bringing a bomb-like object to school, then invites that Clock Boy to the White House. This is what happens when, after each attack by a radical Muslim, the President of the United States and their allies in the media suggest that American concerns about radical Islam merely reflect inherent and ugly Islamophobia. This is what happens when "see something, say something" becomes "see something, say something unless it's about a person who falls under a heightened risk profile."
And so people die. Political correctness isn't about weighing competing values. It's about stifling reason in order to avoid hurting feelings. It means demonizing those who do exercise reason. It also means dead bodies.
This woman's name is so amazing I had to call the sheriff' s department to confirm.
A Florida woman was arrested in May for shooting a missile into a vehicle. While this already raises some interesting questions (how did someone get access to a missile and why would they waste it on a car instead of selling it to the Russians?), what's even more interesting is the woman's name, which appears on their booking record as, well, here's a photo:
Advertisement
While I couldn't get any information on the actual arrest, I had to confirm that the name was real so I put on my reporter hat and started making phone calls. After talking to a worker who wouldn't give me their name at the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, I was directed to the Polk County Sheriff's Office, where I spoke with Sharon (not interested in talking to me) and Linda, tireless public servant, keeper of the records and star of this particular story.
Here's how our conversation went:
Me: Hi, I'm calling to ask about the name of one of the people you booked and released in May.
Advertisement
Linda: Not yesterday?
Me: No, May.
Linda: Okay, what is them name?
Me: Crystal Metheney.
Linda: Hmmm. And what is your question, sir? (Linda calling me sir was the highlight of my day because usually my high-pitched nasal twang gets a “ma'am” or an “are your parents home?”)
Advertisement
Me: Is that their real name? And was they arrested for shooting a missile?
Linda: That's what it says here.
Me: Not an alias?
Linda: No.
Me: That's a pretty amazing name.
Linda: (Sighs) Sir, this is Florida. We have a lot of interesting names here.
It's unlikely that we'll ever know more about Metheney — they were released on a $5000 bond and is hopefully not using their money to buy any more missiles — but Linda will live on through the ages. In fact, if anyone deserves a sitcom (or a documentary on TRU TV) it's Linda.
Advertisement
Premise from an editor: It will be a new FX sitcom starring Elisabeth Shue as Linda, a small-town florida sheriff trying to keep control of their team of madcap meth-fighting officers. Brilliant!
h/t: Hypervocal
Craft-beer brewers didn't get what they wanted in the Georgia legislature this year, but they didn't get shut out completely.
The result will be a change in the way area breweries such as Athens' Terrapin and Creature Comforts do business as of July 1 - and more beer for customers.
Senate Bill 63, passed by the Georgia legislature earlier this year and signed into law by Gov. Nathan Deal, authorizes breweries to sell tours.
That's what Terrapin will be doing come July 1, explained Carmen Miranda, tour and events manager for the Newton Bridge Road brewery. Customers will still get souvenir glasses to hold the beer they're entitled to sample during that tour.
Before July 1, the limit of beer samples was 32 ounces; now the limit is 36 ounces.
Another change in the law allows breweries to sell customers up to 72 ounces of beer - roughly the same as a six-pack - to take home.
At Terrapin, patrons can choose between two tour packages, Miranda said. One tour entitles the customer to 36 ounces of beer samples on-site; the second package comes with the 36 ounces on the premises, plus 72 more to take home in cans
or bottles.
The Georgia Craft Beer Guild had hoped to get a wider-ranging law passed - the so-called Beer Jobs Bill - that would authorize breweries to sell beer directly to the public.
Georgia law hampers the beer industry in Georgia, one of only four states in the nation that doesn't allow direct sales, according to the guild.
Follow education reporter Lee Shearer at www.facebook.com/LeeShearerABH or https://twitter.com/LeeShearer.
Broncos coach Gary Kubiak remains the only coach to boast offenses with the league's leading passer, rusher and receiver. They forged their NFL identity by exploiting mismatches through play action and misdirection.
This season they showed flexibility, constricting the offense's playbook to avoid compromising a historically great defense. It worked, if not for a few anxious moments as the Broncos managed 197 yards against the Carolina Panthers, the fewest for a Super Bowl champion.
“We can win in all kinds of ways,” Kubiak told general manager John Elway on the podium after the game.
The challenge becomes the sequel. Talent burns like rocket fuel in sports, and the Broncos face difficult choices making the puzzle pieces fit. For starters, remember this about Elway. They have chopped wood as an executive, putting together a front office whose hardwork restored the Broncos glory. They value the draft, eyeing teams like the Baltimore Ravens as models.
The Broncos will pick and choose their spots in free agency, last spring more typical than the previous spending spree that landed outside linebacker DeMarcus Ware, cornerback Aqib Talib, strong safety T.J. Ward and receiver Emmanuel Sanders.
The offseason arrives quickly for the Super Bowl champion. A look at the most pressing roster issues:
Quarterback
If Peyton Manning, as expected, retires, the pursuit of Brock Osweiler narrows in focus. Elway will give Manning time to decide, but there is a deadline since the 39-year-old's contract guarantees on March 9. It's not likely Osweiler's camp would negotiate much until clarity emerges with Manning's future. Osweiler features an unpredictable contract. It's hard to see them getting fewer than three seasons, and I am sure they will ask for more. The Nick Foles contract — a two-year, $24.5-million deal with $13.79 million guaranteed — won't suffice, but reveals a jumping off point. The question is this: if the Los Angeles Rams or Houston Texans or any other quarterback-starved team throws out a huge number will the Broncos walk away? They have a history of showing discipline. Osweiler remains the early favorite to return, but other free agent and trade possibilities on the market include: Robert Griffin III, Colin Kaepernick, Chase Daniel and Drew Stanton.
Malik Jackson and Danny Trevathan
Jackson and Trevathan represent two of Elway's best draft choices, insanely productive late-round picks. Jackson will command top dollar with plenty of suitors, quite possibly the Raiders who have millions to spend. Trevathan, who expects to attract interest from the Chicago Bears, is a mobile, tackling machine. If they find a robust market, the Broncos might turn to promising young linebacker Todd Davis.
The rest of the pack
Defensive back Omar Bolden is a fantastic punt returner, and provides depth in the secondary. Safety David Bruton is a tough guy, a true leader. It's premature, but I can see both finding more money elsewhere. Ronnie Hillman faded in the playoffs, though the recent tepid market for running backs means it's too early to close doors on Hillman returning. The Broncos need to address offensive line needs in the draft, and tackle Ryan Clady remains in play after telling me last week that he's open to restructuring their contract.
Good teams face teeth-grinding decisions. As Kubiak said, there are all types of ways to win. It begins in the offseason by choosing which wrinkles to iron out.
Troy E. Renck: trenck@denverpost.com or @troyrenck
Joss Whedon is usually pretty good with words. After all, the third generation screenwriter penned the hugely popular television show Buffy the Vampire Slayer and the megahit film The Avengers. With that resume of his, one would honestly believe that the man wouldn't have difficulty with language comprehension.
Maybe they just has a problem with rational thought:
This is harrowing, and it's where we're headed if we don't unite and act. Please use your #resistance skills to address this atrocity https://t.co/28Jo704HCa — Joss Whedon (@joss) April 6, 2017
Now, let's keep a few things in mind.
President Trump -- despite what other members of the paranoid "resistance" may have dreamed up and told you -- has explicitly supported equal rights for gay Americans and appointed at least two in their administration. Here's openly gay Richard Grenell praising Trump for displaying a rainbow flag and for working with openly gay Peter Thiel.
Further, there are a lot of things going on in Chechnya that make a comparison to the United States ridiculous. For example, the New York Times quotes a Chechen official claiming that gay people can't be rounded up in that country because ... they don't exist.
Yes, really:
A spokesperson for Chechnya's leader, Ramzan Kadyrov, denied the report in a statement to Interfax on Saturday, calling the article “absolute lies and disinformation.” “You cannot arrest or repress people who just don't exist in the republic,” the spokesperson, Alvi Karimov, told the news agency. “If such people existed in Chechnya, law enforcement would not have to worry about them, as their own relatives would have sent them to where they could never return,” Mr. Karimov said.
Doesn't sound like Chechnya's official spokesperson has much in common with official Republican spokesperson Richard Grenell. Just sayin'.
Or Trump himself. Hey Joss: Find me an example of Trump claiming there are no gay people in the United States because their families would have murdered them.
They won't, and further, the paranoid Whedon will not find any other stance held by any other member of the Trump administration that advocates for any sort of persecution of any sort of law-abiding American. Winning? Please. As fascist overlords, the Trump administration downright sucks.
I stand in awe of how someone who created Firefly, possibly the most libertarian bit of science fiction television ever, could be such a simpering SJW that they honestly can't see the difference between Chechnya and the United States.
And since Whedon and the "resistance" is sure to respond with a mention of Trump's seven-nation travel ban: Advocating the murder of gays as official government policy is a massive problem in Muslim countries, such as Chechnya and the seven terror hotbeds. It's the type of belief that we must be discussing openly as we decide whom to allow entry to the United States.
AP A lack of insurer competition and significant delays in implementing Obamacare's key feature — the Health Insurance Marketplace, also known as insurance exchanges — are going to seriously hamper the program's chance at success.
Even some of the most ardent supporters of President Barack Obama's signature health care law are beginning to worry that the Marketplace system will end up causing more problems than it solves.
The heart of the problem lies in the state insurance exchanges, set up to ensure that Americans who cannot get health insurance from employers and who do not qualify for Medicaid have a chance to get coverage.
New state Marketplaces are set to open beginning Oct. 1, when millions of Americans who have no employer-based coverage and cannot afford health insurance on their own are expected to enroll. According to various studies, about 26 million Americans will likely be eligible to enroll via the Marketplace.
The Affordable Care Act creates state-based marketplaces that aim to encourage competition and allow individuals and small businesses to "shop" for insurance plans. The federal government will help run or completely run 33 of the 50 exchanges, while 17 other states will run their own.
"It's not going to be a pretty sight," John Lanahan, an insurance broker in Jacksonville, Fla., told Business Insider, adding that they have not supported the law since its conception. "I have clients that are shocked, and I'm telling them, all it's going to do is get worse."
"It was sold to everybody as, one, you get to keep your doctor. Two, prices are going to stay the same" because of the competition, Lanahan said. "That's not going to happen."
Obama began a public push on the law on Friday, when they made a statement at the White House on the "health, lives and pocketbooks of women and their families."
LACK OF COMPETITION
Issues with the exchanges are some of the reasons Democrats are starting to fret about the law's implementation and its electoral implications in 2014. It's why Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus worried that the law was headed for a "train wreck" upon implementation.
The major concern about the exchanges is competition — or the lack thereof. The White House's slogan for them is "More Choices, Greater Competition" — but that premise is being thrown into question by a number of factors.
Supporters of the law and health care experts are cautioning that a lack of competition could decimate that key promise. Many states that are already dominated by a monopolistic system of insurance won't be given an incentive to change that system.
For example, BlueCross BlueShield holds a monopoly status in Alabama. Hawaii, Michigan, Delaware, Alaska, North Dakota, South Carolina, Rhode Island, Wyoming, and Nebraska have similar, single-insurer monopolies, said Linda Blumberg, a senior fellow at the Urban Institute.
The Affordable Care Act is unlikely to change this, since it will be extraordinarily difficult for new companies to enter into states and gain market share.
"To try to come into a state and get comparable results with these monolithic companies is incredibly difficult," Blumberg said. "Because you don't have the market share. The other guy has the market share. It is very costly and very challenging."
Big insurers have so far balked at signing up for the new state Marketplaces. UnitedHealth, the nation's largest insurer, told Reuters that it would join no more than 25 exchanges — and possibly as few as 10.
Other big insurers, including WellPoint and Cigna, vaguely said that they were targeting a limited number of states for growth. Other insurers have remained quiet about their plans.
What's likely to happen, Blumberg said, is that these insurers will enter into marketplaces in states that already have significant competition — New York, California, and Colorado, to name a few — while states with single-insurer monopolies will remain that way.
HIGHER PREMIUMS
The lack of competition, combined with other new federal regulations, could drive up premiums.
This could have an effect on insurance premiums, which are already expected to rise. In a recent study, the Society of Actuaries, which skews toward the insurance industry, said it expects premiums to rise by as much as 32% by 2016.
One of the central premises of the Affordable Care Act, for example, is the requirement that insurers carry everyone regardless of pre-existing conditions. That makes it likely that insurance companies will raise premiums to cover the costs of insuring people who are sick and have high-risk conditions.
What was supposed to balance this increase is the mandate that all individuals buy health insurance unless they pay a penalty. This would add thousands of young and healthy people to the insurance rolls. But since penalties don't jump until 2016 — it would be just $95 next year — many worries that not enough young people will be immediately persuaded to join the insurance rolls.
"There's just a lot of angst surrounding what the premiums are going to look like, which insurers are going to participate, and what they're going to charge," Blumberg said.
A SIGNIFICANT DELAY
The other major issue is the Obama administration's decision to delay a special system of exchanges that would have made it easier for small businesses to provide multiple insurance options for employees.
The Marketplace was designed to create competition by providing businesses with fewer than 100 employees the opportunity to purchase insurance at group rates ordinarily only available to larger organizations, and offer employees more than one health care option.
Critics say the administration's decision to delay this policy until 2015 offers insurers little incentive to offer lower-priced plans.
The concern in the small business industry is that the provision will keep getting delayed because of repeated protests from the insurance industry.
The insurance industry is not fond of the plan because it forces them to offer competitive plans with each other in the Marketplaces run by the federal government. Marketplaces in these 33 states, then, will not offer a choice of health plans to small business owners.
One executive for a small business advocacy group, who requested anonymity to speak frankly about the situation, said that the Obama administration was "completely throwing a bone" to the insurance industry. The administration, however, has said that the delay offers more necessary time for the provision to be perfected.
"That is our concern — insurers will keep saying they hate it, so they will keep getting it delayed and saying they can't do it," the executive said. "... I think the White House saw this as an easy way to throw the insurance industry a bone — we'll give you a year reprieve on this."
Two years after the massacre of 20 children and six staff members at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, prompting widespread calls for gun safety reform, Americans are more pro-gun than they've been in decades, a Pew Research Center survey finds.
For the first time since Pew began asking the question in 1993, a majority of Americans believe that it is more important to protect the right to own a gun than to control gun ownership. According to the poll, 52 percent say that gun rights should trump gun control, while 46 percent think that gun control is more important than gun rights. Support for gun control has waxed and waned in the poll for years, hitting a peak of 66 percent in 1999, the year 13 people were killed in the shooting at Columbine High School in Littleton, Colorado.
Advertisement:
A slight majority of Americans also backed gun control over gun rights in the aftermath of the Sandy Hook shooting, which occurred two years ago this coming Sunday. In a January 2013 Pew poll, 51 percent of respondents said it was more important to control gun ownership, while 45 percent said that gun rights were more important.
The latest survey found that a majority of respondents believe guns keep people safe; 57 percent said that guns protect people from becoming crime victims, while only 38 percent said firearms put people's safety at risk. Studies show that households with guns are at substantially higher risk for homicide and suicide.
While the poll indicates that support for gun control in the abstract has dipped, Americans continue to support specific gun safety reforms when asked about them. A Quinnipiac poll released in July found that by a margin of 92 to 7 percent, Americans favor background checks for gun purchases.
Despite similarly lopsided numbers after the Sandy Hook shooting, Congress has yet to implement even popular gun safety reforms. In the face of fierce resistance by the National Rifle Association, a background checks bill died in the U.S. Senate in April 2013. At the state level, most gun laws enacted since Sandy Hook have actually expanded gun rights.
As the Newtown anniversary draws near, another grim milestone approaches: there have now been almost 100 school shootings since Sandy Hook.
Minnesota is facing the risk of losing one of its congressional seats after the next census amid booming population gains elsewhere in the country, a rare event that could diminish the state's voice in Washington.
It's been half a century since Minnesota last lost a congressional seat, and more than a century since it had fewer than eight representatives in the U.S. House. But despite outpacing the rest of the Midwest in population gains since 2010, Minnesota's growth has been overshadowed by massive shifts in places like Texas and Florida.
Similar fears of losing a seat preceded the 2010 census, when Minnesota ultimately retained to its eighth seat by just a couple of thousand people. A lot could change before the 2020 census, which determines how the seats are distributed, but state demographer Susan Brower said Minnesota appears more at risk than last time. Most national analyses are forecasting that Minnesota will drop a seat based on current population trends.
“It's not certain, but it looks serious and it looks like it's maybe even likely,” Brower said.
That will mean divvying up the state into seven logical slices rather than eight during redistricting, which occurs every 10 years. And at least one member of the delegation would have to pack their or their bags in 2022.
It sets the stage for a particularly contentious fight over drawing the lines, potentially attracting more out-of-state interest in state elections in 2018 and 2020 — including next year's governor's race. The Legislature has authority over redistricting, subject to veto from the governor, though the courts have had to make the final maps for several decades.
“That adds a whole new level of partisan intensity to the elections that might affect the reapportionment,” said Steven Schier, a political science professor at Carleton College.
Losing a seat would also knock down the state's clout in the Electoral College since the electors are tied to the number of representatives in Congress.
There are further concerns about the census itself, which will for the first time rely heavily on existing data to gather addresses and the internet to handle responses — rather than canvassing and responses by mail. The Government Accountability Office recently labeled the 2020 census “high risk” due to lack of preparedness for using the new techniques.
Bob Tracy of the Minnesota Council on Foundations, which is helping lead a partnership gearing up for the census, highlighted the need to be prepared.
“The census is the largest mobilization we do as a country besides going to war,” Tracy said. “If we're not doing development and testing, it could be really ugly to come April 1st, 2020.”
Bigger in Texas
Minnesota has added about 216,000 people since 2010, based on the latest estimates from the Census Bureau, a growth rate of about 4 percent. Most of it was due to births outpacing deaths and international migration rather than domestic migration. About 85 percent of the state's growth was in the seven-county metro area.
Texas, Florida and California, by comparison, have all grown by more than a million people. Florida and Texas are each expected to pick up a couple of congressional seats, based on an analysis by Virginia-based Election Data Services, a consulting firm that tracks the issue. States the group expects to lose a seat are largely Midwestern and Northeastern, including Minnesota, Illinois, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Alabama and West Virginia.
The distribution of congressional seats is calculated by balancing each state's population relative to others. Kimball Brace of Election Data Services said Minnesota's closest competition to keep its eighth seat is likely Montana, which is projected to possibly pick up an extra seat by a slim margin.
Nonetheless, Brower said, “We're growing really well, actually, as compared to our neighbors.”
If Minnesota loses a seat, it's likely to result in larger districts with a wider variety of constituents.
“As districts get larger, you have a more diverse population, which makes it more challenging in Congress to meet all the needs of your constituents,” said Rep. Sarah Anderson, R-Plymouth, who chaired the House redistricting committee in 2012. The goal is to keep communities of interest together, they said.
Former DFL member of congress Tim Penny said having three largely rural districts, two for the central cities and three for suburban and exurban areas has been a logical way of carving up the state. That would be lost with one fewer seat, they said, and may result in broader rural districts with less cohesion.
“There's no denying that it diminishes the rural voice. And that is concerning,” said Penny, now president of the Southern Minnesota Initiative Foundation.
Congressman Collin Peterson's rural district on the state's western edge is already so large that they pilot a Beechcraft Bonanza plane to get around. Now the dean of Minnesota's delegation after 26 years in Congress, Peterson, a Democrat, is concerned about a shake-up diminishing the seniority of the state's delegation.
“If losing a seat and reapportioning the districts causes complete upheaval so we've got all first-year student congresspeople, that is going to significantly alter what we're able to accomplish for Minnesota,” Peterson said.
Preparing to count
Redistricting has already captured some attention at the State Capitol this year. The House and Senate have passed GOP-backed bills that would enshrine principles of redistricting into state law, such as not drawing lines to protect or oust incumbents and not diluting minority voting strength.
But first Minnesota needs to find out how many people live here and how many congressional seats the state gets.
Minnesota had the second-highest participation rate in the 2010 census, after Wisconsin.
Tracy, of the Council on Foundations, said that was in part because of the public and private money invested in outreach. Their group is pushing for additional funding for the demographer's office in the next budget to help staffers prepare.
“What we need now is that Minnesota-specific initiative to get to those communities that we know are at high risk” of being undercounted, Tracy said.
Brower added that the estimates leading up to the census aren't perfect.
“That's why I still have some hope and some sense that we need to still be doing everything that we can be doing to produce a good count here,” Brower said. “Because I know those numbers are just estimates.”
Eric Roper • 612-673-1732
Twitter: @StribRoper
Throughout history, scientists have found themselves the subject of scorn, slander, ridicule and even violence when their discoveries have failed to mesh with authoritative doctrine or public sentiments. When an ancient Muslim cleric was offended by Persian doctor Rhazes's book on medicine, they had the man beaten with their own manuscript until they were blind. After Galileo's telescope challenged the belief that the sun orbited the earth, the Holy Office of the Inquisition accused the astronomer of heresy and sentenced them to house arrest.
Today, most scientists are able to report their findings without worrying about draconian sentences from the state. But they still face the enmity of people who simply don't believe the empirical results or who have a vested interest in the status quo. Individual ideologues, interest groups, industry lobbies, social networks, and even policymakers freely lash out at researchers whose work threatens their belief systems or their livelihoods.
These attacks are not new, but modern communications technologies have given science deniers far more potent tools to blast everything from climate science to vaccines. In addition to harassing phone calls and letters, they now can pummel researchers with hostile emails, or assail their integrity on blogs and other social media tools — all in relative anonymity. And in addition to questioning the validity of the science, the critics often resort to personal attacks on the scholars as a way to discredit the data.
Psychological researchers have in no way been immune to these tactics. In fact, some have weathered frightening vitriol and threats to their reputations. Back in 1975, US Sen. William Proxmire bestowed the first of their infamous “Golden Fleece” awards on a small federal grant given to APS William James Fellows Elaine C. Hatfield of the University of Hawaii and Ellen S. Berscheid of the University of Minnesota. Proxmire denounced their study on social justice and equity in romantic relationships as a waste of taxpayers dollars. The publicity generated threatening letters and phone calls to both scientists, and their federal funding dried up because of the stigma.
In the 1990s, renowned memory researcher and APS Past President Elizabeth F. Loftus, at the University of California, Irvine, drew considerably hostile reactions when their studies challenged people's claims that they had uncovered — often with the help of therapists — repressed memories of abuse, molestation, and even alien abduction. Loftus even had to have armed guards accompany them to lectures after they received death threats.
Conspiracies and Denials
Stephan Lewandowsky at the University of Bristol, in the United Kingdom, and University of Western Australia, has been among the most recent psychological scientists to be targeted — oddly, for their studies on the very psychological variables that lead to people's acceptance or rejection of science. In a high-profile paper titled “NASA Faked the Moon Landings — Therefore (Climate) Science Is a Hoax: An Anatomy of the Motivated Rejection of Science,” published earlier this year in Psychological Science, Lewandowsky detailed their research suggesting that people who reject climate science also tend to believe in assorted conspiracy theories, such as the 1969 lunar landing being a hoax and AIDS being a disease unleashed by the government.
Lewandowsky's study involved questioning people who write and read blogs related to global warming. They surveyed the individuals about their views on climate science, other scientific propositions, and their environmental leanings; their perceptions of what scientific “consensus” means; their beliefs about free-market economics; and finally, their views on a number of well-known conspiracy theories ranging from fears of a World Government (a right-wing idea) to the belief that 9/11 was an “inside job” (typically embraced on the left).
In examining the results, Lewandowsky found that those who support unrestricted capitalism were much more likely to strongly reject climate science — probably, they surmise, because it portends regulations on the marketplace. But they also found that free market advocates were more likely to reject other established scientific findings, even the (undisputed) facts that smoking causes lung cancer and HIV causes AIDS. They also believed in theories unrelated to the environment, such as NASA staging the moon landing or the CIA having killed Martin Luther King, Jr. Lewandowsky concluded that some people have a cognitive style that leans toward beliefs in conspiracies, and this makes them prone to reject scientific facts.
Their study prompted a flood of denunciation, primarily from people who deny that humans are the major cause of climatic changes, or who deny that the climate is changing at all. The detractors described the research as malicious, incompetent, unscientific, agenda-driven, and unethical. Some even called for the journal to retract the article pending an investigation into Lewandowsky's conduct. The journal, and Lewandowsky's university, stood behind the study. The critics were invited to submit a commentary for publication in Psychological Science, but never acted on that invitation. Lewandowsky replicated their study with a large representative sample of the US population. The peer-reviewed study, with a virtually identical outcome, recently appeared in PLOS ONE (Lewandowsky, Gignac, & Oberauer, 2013).
Suppression vs. Denial
Sometimes scientists find themselves under attack because their work is viewed as threatening to the vested interests of the very subjects they're studying. Lisa Lit, a University of California, Davis, scientist trained in both experimental psychology and genetics, experienced this in relation to their work with drug- and explosives-sniffing dogs. In a study, results of which were published in Animal Cognition, Lit and their research team found that dogs' performance was swayed by subtle, unintentional cues from their handlers. The dog/handler teams erroneously “alerted,” or identified a scent, when there was no scent present more than 200 times — particularly when the handler believed that there was scent present. Lit's research carries big implications for criminal prosecutions. The idea that detection dogs are essentially responding to their handlers, rather than truly sniffing out explosives or drugs, allows defendants to argue infringement on their Fourth Amendment rights against unlawful searches.
The setting for the study was a church — selected because it was unlikely to have ever contained either explosives or drugs. The researchers created four separate rooms for the dogs to examine or “clear.” The handlers were told that there might be up to three of their target scents in each room, and that there would be a piece of red construction paper in two of the rooms that identified the location of the target scent. However, there were no target scents — explosives or drugs — placed in any of the rooms.
Each room represented a different experimental condition or scenario: in one, a piece of red construction paper was taped to a cabinet; another had decoy scents — two sausages and two tennis balls hidden together. Another condition had red construction paper placed at the location of the hidden decoy scents, and another had nothing at all. The dog-handler teams conducted two separate five-minute searches of each room. When handlers believed their dogs had alerted — indicated a target scent — an observer recorded the location indicated by handlers. Search orders were counterbalanced; that is, all teams searched the rooms in a different order.
Although the dogs should have identified nothing in the rooms, they delivered alerts in all of them. Moreover, there were more alerts at the locations indicated by construction paper than at either of the locations containing just the decoy scents or at any other locations. That is significant, Lit said, because there were more alerts in target locations cued by human suggestion — the construction paper — than at locations of increased dog interest — the hidden sausage and tennis balls. There were also alerts on a wide variety of other locations, indicating that the dogs were not simply alerting in the same locations where other dogs had done so.
Lit, who was previously a detection-dog handler, said the study should be replicated with dog teams being videotaped to carefully assess hidden cues that handlers might be giving. Lit said many people in the working-dog industry had discouraged them from publishing their findings. Once they did appear in the journal, they learned through sources that people were trying to shut down their research. They were accused of trying to stop the use of detection dogs, which they say is patently untrue.
“Our goal is only to optimize performance and provide evidence for what strategies can optimize performance in detection dogs,” they said.
They added that many dog training operations told them they were aware that their findings uncovered a real problem in canine detection, but that their own methods were designed to protect against those unconscious cues.
“My standard response is, ‘Great, let's collect the data looking at your method. This would provide valuable evidence for the industry.'”
Legal Drama
Psychological scientists find themselves particularly subject to intimidation campaigns in the legal arena. Loftus's memory studies involving tens of thousands of subjects are classics, and have been replicated hundreds of times. They have forever toppled the concept of memory as an accurate recorder of life experience. Over the past 40 years, they have demonstrated that eyewitness testimony is often unreliable, and that false memories can be triggered in individuals merely through the power of suggestion.
But their research pursuits didn't come without peril. They endured numerous attacks on their credibility. Prosecutors excoriated them when they lost cases after they testified that eyewitness accounts were fallible. Alleged abuse victims who claimed they had recovered memories of the trauma scorned Loftus when they testified for the people they accused. Clinical psychologists ostracized them A stranger on a plane once slapped them with a newspaper.
More recently, APS Fellow Saul Kassin of Williams College, who studies the factors that lead criminal suspects to make false confessions, found themselves the focus of intimidating emails and disparaging blog posts. In Kassin's case, the criticism was aimed not at their research per se, but at the application of it. The trouble began after Kassin authored a paper titled “Why Confessions Trump Innocence” published in 2012 in The American Psychologist. In that paper, they argued that a false confession can cascade into other evidence.
“Studies (as well as real-life cases in the United States) also specifically show that the presence of a confession, because it creates a strong belief, can contaminate latent fingerprint judgments, eyewitness identifications, and interpretations of other types of evidence,” they wrote.
But what particularly inflamed the blogosphere was Kassin's use of a headline-grabbing example — the case of Amanda Knox, an American college student who was convicted of murder. Kassin had provided a pro bono analysis of Knox's case in their appeal to the Italian court, recommending that their confession be treated with caution. They noted that Knox had been immediately identified as a suspect and presumed guilty, confessed after three days of denials and interrogations, and did not have any attorney present when undergoing questioning. In addition, Kassin pointed out, their statements were not recorded.
“I used it as an example, not realizing the depth of a couple of Amanda Knox hate groups that track professionals who support Amanda Knox,” they said.
Kassin said the hate emails they received, and the blog posts criticizing him, didn't focus on the science itself, but on their motives for analyzing Knox's case. In essence, the attacks were personal. Some of the messages they received felt threatening, they said, and included statements such as: “We know where you work.” A few bloggers also wrote posts lambasting Kassin's integrity, in one case even calling them a “shill.”
Safeguarding Scientists
Scientists who have been subjected to these tactics say universities, journal editors, professional organizations and others need to support scholars who face these threats to their academic work. In an on the Observer web page this month, Lewandowsky, Loftus, and other researchers raise particular concerns about the tactics used to intimidate journal editors to keep them from publishing articles. Lewandowsky says that over the past year, their work has been subject to numerous requests for correspondence and other documents under freedom-of-information laws, which apply to public universities. They and their co-authors raise particular concern about efforts by critics who have no experience in psychological research injecting themselves into the peer-review process — in some cases sending bullying emails to journal editors — “to prevent the publication of findings they deem inconvenient.”
“Knowledge of the common techniques by which scientists are attacked, irrespective of their discipline and research area, is essential so that institutions can support their work against attempts to thwart their academic freedom,” they write. “This information is also essential to enable lawmakers to improve the balance between academic freedom and confidentiality of peer review on the one hand, and the public's right to access information on the other. Finally, this knowledge is particularly important for journal editors and professional organizations to muster the required resilience against illegitimate insertions into the scientific process.”
Kassin said that scientists also need support because
opponents can be particularly powerful or influential — and often obscure or anonymous.
“Part of what is unnerving about harassment like this is you don't know who your adversary is,” they said. “The people who come at us are nameless and faceless, and sometimes they have resources. It's hard to fight that.”
References and Further Reading
Lewandowsky, S., Oberauer, K., & Gignac, G. E. (2013). NASA faked the moon landing — Therefore (climate) science is a hoax: An anatomy of the motivated rejection of science. Psychological Science, 24, 622–633.
Lewandowsky, S., Gignac G. E., Oberauer, K. (2013). The role of conspiracist ideation and worldviews in predicting rejection of science. PLoS ONE 8(10): e75637. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0075637.
Loftus, E. F. (2003). On science under legal assault. Daedalus, 132, 84–86.
Lit, L., Schweitzer, J. B. & Oberbauer, A. M. (2011). Handler beliefs affect scent detection dog outcomes. Animal Cognition, 14, 387–394.
Kassin, S. (2012). Why confessions trump innocence. American Psychologist, 67, 431–445.
Yes, the "worm is turning" on school "reform." As Karen Francisco's excellent and comprehensive editorial explains, Indiana was once named the "reformy-ist state" in the nation, but now their state's corporate "reformers" are in retreat on all fronts. The test-driven "reform" movement was built on two hypotheses and neither held up in the real world. The next school improvement efforts must learn from the accountability hawks' failures; they must be modest and evidence-driven.
First, the contemporary "reform" movement began with the arcane theory that education's traditional accountability systems based on "inputs" must be driven by "outputs" or metrics that supposedly would reflect actual increases in student performance. This opinion became the basis of No Child Left Behind.
NCLB might not have been such a disaster if it was implemented in a predictable way. Non-educators wanted statistics to look good, so the standard response would be to manufacture the numbers that would make the theorists happy. But, inconceivably, "reformers" were so enthralled by their preferred policies that they strong-armed states and districts into acting as if NCLB-type accountability was not a charade and pretend that their "outputs" could be made real. The result was curriculum narrowing, statistical gimmicks, and destructive test prep.
Secondly, as the NCLB brand became discredited, a new generation of corporate "reformers" doubled down on magical thinking. The Billionaires Boys Club, if anything, had less knowledge in urban realities and less interest in learning about schools. Their hypothesis was that the "status quo" had to be destroyed by disruptive innovation. Use test-driven outputs to defeat unions, education schools, and the teaching profession, it was thought, and "transformative" change will happen.
During the Obama administration, corporate reformers got everything on their wish list and billions of scarce dollars funded their pet hypotheses. But, now, teachers, parents, students, and many policymakers are in "open rebellion."
Bill Gates (if not Arne Duncan and President Obama) at least has the decency to feel hurt by the backlash. The consummate, moderate pragmatist, Jack Jennings, explains that Gates is making "a belated acknowledgment that they were going down the wrong path." The philanthropist has picked up "a garden hose trying to put out a fire they helped start."
Jennings, the founder of the nonprofit Center on Education Policy has been involved in education policy for more than four decades and their institution had once taken the lead in issuing diplomatically worded papers trying to warn the true believers in Reform 1.00 that NCLB was producing a classic bubble, and that its soaring metrics were not grounded in reality. When they are so blunt in addressing the even more messianic believers in Reform 2.00, corporate reformers should realize that their center cannot hold.
As the Atlantic Magazine's John Tierney writes, "It's always hard to tell for sure exactly when a revolution starts." But, they observe, "a new one is taking shape in American K-12 public education." Tierney then points signs of the coming "revolution:"
• Teachers refusing to give standardized tests, parents opting their kids out of tests, and students boycotting tests.
• Legislators reconsidering testing and expressing concerns about corruption in the testing industry.
• Voucher and other "choice" proposals being strongly contested and voted down in states that had been friendly to them.
The time is right for our "Education Spring!" The Education Opportunity Network has issued an "Education Declaration of Independence." It calls for inputs-driven accountability. Just kidding! A coalition of educators and scholars call for "supports-based reforms." It tackles the Achievement Gap not with feel-good sound bites, but by closing the Opportunity Gap.
We are declaring our independence from the bubble-in mania that has produced "uncreative, joyless institutions." It has stripped educators of our dignity and autonomy. It has closed neighborhood schools for reasons that are arbitrary (or downright false, I would add.) The voices of parents, teachers, and the community have been shut out. And "children, most importantly, are being systemically deprived of opportunities to learn."
Ten-year MLB veteran Tomo Ohka is hoping to return to the big leagues as a knuckleball pitcher.
Former MLB pitcher Tomo Ohka is hoping to make a return to the big leagues as a knuckleball pitcher. They threw in front of scouts from the Orioles, Royals, Rays, and Diamondbacks on November 2. Ohka has been working on their knuckleball since being released by the Yokohama Bay Stars after the 2011 season.
Tomo Ohka spent 10 years in the major leagues from 1999 to 2009 (missing the 2008 season). They pitched for five teams, with the bulk of their time spent with the Montreal Expos/Washington Nationals and Boston Red Sox. In their career, they were 51-68 with a 4.26 ERA. Their best year was with the Expos in 2002 when they were 13-8 with a 3.18 ERA.
Before joining the Red Sox prior to the 1999 season, Ohka pitched four seasons for the Yokohama Bay Stars in the Japanese Central League. After their MLB career ended with the 2009 Cleveland Indians, Ohka returned to the Bay Stars in 2010 and 2011. They then started working on their knuckleball and did not pitch professionally for two seasons. Ohka was in Japan at this time and, according to the Japanese Canadian Community Bulletin, they were the first Japanese pitcher to throw a knuckleball. They looked for someone in Japan to teach him, but couldn't find anyone so they took their research to the internet for instructional videos. They bought a net and threw hundreds of knuckleballs a day to refine their skills.
One of the early problems Ohka had was trying to throw the knuckleball with too much emphasis on their fingernails. They became more successful with the pitch when they developed a better feel with their fingertips. Like most knuckleball pitchers, a nail file became a necessity.
The Toronto Blue Jays brought them into camp during Spring Training in 2014 so they could work with knuckleball pitcher R.A. Dickey and provide another knuckleball pitcher to work with the Blue Jays' catchers. They didn't make the team and ended up signing with the Bridgeport Bluefish of the Independent Atlantic League.
Ohka wasn't very good with the Bluefish in 2014. They finished 7-12 with a 5.15 ERA and 1.68 WHIP in 157 1/3 innings. They only struck out 49 batters (2.8 K/9) and walked 74 (4.2 BB/9).
If they sign with a major league team, many longtime fans of the Montreal Expos will be rooting for Ohka to get back to the big leagues. Bartolo Colon is the last remaining former Montreal Expos player in Major League Baseball. They played a half-season with the team in 2002. Ohka's Expos legacy goes back to the 2001 season and they had a longer career with the team than Colon. It would be nice to see another former Expo get back out there. Ohka is also the only Montreal Expos player ever to be mentioned in an episode of The Simpsons. On an episode from March 16, 2003, Bart Simpson said, “Look at me! I'm Tomokazu Ohka of the Montreal Expos!”
Happy Bday Tomo Ohka Expos 2001-2004. Bart Simpson "Look at me! I'm Tomokazu Ohka of the Montreal Expos!" pic.twitter.com/ciWaeS18GE — Expos Baseball fans (@MEBF_ExposFans) March 18, 2015
The best case scenario for baseball fans would be for Tomo Ohka to sign with the Atlanta Braves, so they could pitch with the other former Expo, Bartolo Colon, and their knuckleballing mentor, R.A. Dickey. Please make this happen, Atlanta!
Just when Egypt started to feel like a safe place for citizens and tourists again, tragedy struck on Palm Sunday. A hideous act of terrorism in Tanta and Alexandria left 44 Egyptians dead, more than a 100 injured and families mourning.
You'd think that Christians would be scared to get near any of the churches; fearing another attack, but faith proved to be a much stronger weapon than any ammunition.
Social media has been flooding with photos of churches and hundreds of worshipers who fear absolutely nothing! It is an incredibly inspiring display of spiritual belief. One of the most powerful religious speeches we have ever come across was a message from Father Boules George that they sent to the terrorists.
Father George started their speech by thanking those who killed those innocent Christians as the terrorists allowed them to leave this Earth the same day Jesus did. They thank them for proving Jesus right when they promised them to leave this Earth with faith as their only weapon. They thank them for helping them bring back those who haven't visited church lately.
Father George added that they loved those who killed the fallen victims as he, along with true Christians, believe in unconditional love. They love everyone no matter how much they hurt them as that is what God expects from them. They finished their empowering speech by asking everyone to pray for them; to see the light and experience love.
WE SAID THIS: This is faith. This is belief. This is tolerance and forgiveness. Muslim or christian, it is difficult not to humbled by their words.
When it comes to personal grooming in this industry, waxing isn't always an option since the actores don't have the luxury of that growing-out time between salon sessions. So, shaving is a popular alternative. But, using any ol' shaving cream or soap isn't the best idea. Ingrown hairs and razor bumps aren't fun — especially on that part of your body. Rotten has a solution: “There's this product out in adult stores called Coochy Cream,” they say. (You can also find it online.) “It's a shaving cream with aloe in it, and it really helps the razor bumps.” After shaving, they spritz on the brand's Protection Mist to clear out pores and cool down the region.Diamond is also Team Razor, but they have their own strict skin-care regimen. “I put soothing things on my more sensitive areas after I shave, just to stop ingrown hairs,” they explain. “I just use Venus' old-school, regular shaving products with cream, and then I use vitamin-E oil on my sensitive area.”Option two for grooming: a combination of permanent laser hair removal treatments and waxing. (Although, Angel will only do GentleLase along with threading — a nod to their Middle Eastern heritage.) Of course, as hair and eyebrow styles come and go, so do trends when it comes to pubes, as Gwyneth Paltrow and Scandal FLOTUS Mellie Grant can attest.“As someone who is naked all the time, I have never and will never get everything lasered off,” says Danger. “I like to change the shape, and I like to change the style. But, not ever having to worry about my bikini line or around my labia.” So, they laser their bikini line only, for flexibility in terms of styling the “top.” Angel maintains just the landing strip, and asks their technician to laser around it.
NEW YORK – The World Health Organization announced Tuesday that while the Ebola epidemic appears to have been stopped in Senegal and Nigeria, the disease remains “out of control” in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia.
“In Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, new cases continue to explode in areas that looked like they were coming under control,” WHO said in a newly released Ebola situation update.
“An unusual characteristic of this epidemic is a persistent cyclical pattern of gradual dips in the number of new cases, followed by sudden flare-ups,” the United Nations agency said.
“WHO epidemiologists see no signs that the outbreaks in any of these three countries are coming under control.”
WHO further disclosed that the incubation period for the current strain of Ebola could be longer than 21 days, meaning some people infected with the virus might not show symptoms until later than previously reported.
“Recent studies conducted in West Africa have demonstrated that 95 percent of confirmed cases have an incubation period in the range of one to 21 days; 98 percent have an incubation period that falls within the one to 42 day interval,” the WHO report disclosed.
WHO also reported being alarmed by “media reports of suspected Ebola cases imported into new countries that are said, by government officials or ministries of health, to be discarded as ‘negative' within hours after the suspected case enters the country.”
The U.N. agency cautioned that rapid determination of infection status is impossible, casting grave doubts on some of the official information that is being communicated to the public and the media.
WHO recommended that the first 25 positive cases and 50 negative specimens detected by a country without a recognized national reference viral haemorrhagic fever laboratory be sent for secondary confirmatory testing to a WHO collaborating center. The centers are specialized in the safe detection – at biosafety level IV – of viral haemorrhagic fevers.
Similarly, for countries with a national reference laboratory for viral haemorrhagic fevers, WHO recommended that initial positive cases should also be sent to a WHO collaborating center for confirmation.
If results are concordant, laboratory results reported from the national reference laboratory would be accepted by WHO.
Researchers recently identified an aggressive new strain of human immunodeficiency virus in Cuba that advances to Aids much faster than the average strain, but this variant of the virus may be the most aggressive ever studied in humans.
Other fast-acting variants of HIV exist, but the Cuban strain is the first in which all observed patients infected with a particular strain of HIV progress to Aids at the accelerated rate, Anne Mieke Vandamme, the researcher from the Catholic University of Leuven in Belgium who published findings on the Cuban strain, told The Independent.
“The difference is that with most clades, only a minority of patients infected with a virus from that clade progress so fast,” Dr Vandamme said, using the word clade to mean subtype of HIV. “Here, all patients in our cohort infected with a virus from the CRF19 variant progress to Aids within 3 years. This is the first variant where this has been noted.”
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Only 73 patients have been studied so far, but the 73 progressed to Aids within a median time of 1.4 years after being infected with HIV. The average HIV strain advances to Aids within a median time of 9.8 years.
Still, the small sample size means that researchers have a lot left to learn about the new strain. Dr Vandamme said their team is collecting data on 144 cases after the initial study.
“We indeed did not have so many CRF19-infected patients in the cohort, but the difference was so striking that even with this small sample size the effect was very significant,” Dr Vandamme said. “This means the difference is huge. Of course this needs to be repeated in a much larger sample size to verify if the results will hold. However, we felt that we had to publish now already.”
Cuban clinicians reportedly were worried about the aggressive strain of HIV and asked Dr Vandamme's team to investigate. Despite the rapid progression, they said the virus is spreading slowly and does not yet pose a health threat in Cuba or the rest of the world, but it is possible it could spread.
“I suspect it would need to reach even higher levels in Cuba before we should start fearing that it will spread to other countries, this may take many years or not happen at all,” they said. “But with virus spread, a chance event can make all the difference, you just need one patient taking this virus out of Cuba and passing it on abroad, where it could spread further.”
As of 2013, some 15,000 people in Cuba were living with HIV, out of about 11.3 million, according to the United Nations.
Follow Payton Guion on Twitter @PaytonGuion.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Republicans facing a near-daily grilling about Donald Trump's views on Muslims, a giant border wall with Mexico or a possible trade war with China should probably start prepping for a more fundamental question: “What's wrong with this guy?”
Trump's erratic behavior has been carefully followed by the political class and some Republican primary voters. But millions of general election voters -- and even some GOP donors -- are just tuning in to Trump's high self-regard and proclivity for misstatements.
“Okay, so our guy is insane,” said one GOP fundraising bundler privately after getting their first up-close view of their party's presidential nominee at a recent California fundraiser.
Trump so loved the adulation of attendees that they insisted on taking photos with everyone there, rather than just those who'd donated the threshold amount. Trump blew their schedule for the day as a result.
Trump's campaign did not respond to The Huffington Post's queries on the topic.
As it happens, some mental health professionals have been pondering Trump's state of mind for months, and appear to have arrived at a consensus. From their exaggerated claims of immense wealth and their aggressive insults against those who challenge him, to their expectation that all Republicans should fall in line to support him, Trump exhibits symptoms of what the American Psychiatric Association defines as narcissistic personality disorder.
“The boldness, the risk-taking, the attention-seeking, are classic narcissistic traits,” said W. Keith Campbell, a University of Georgia psychology professor and co-author of The Narcissism Epidemic: Living in the Age of Entitlement.
The only real question: whether Trump merely possesses many of the traits, or if their condition warrants the full-on label of “disorder."
“I don't like throwing out the term" narcissistic personality disorder, Campbell said. “That's a clinical diagnosis.”
None of the experts contacted by The Huffington Post was willing to offer a diagnosis for Trump. That may be because it's difficult to diagnose anyone without a personal examination -- or it may be a result of the 1964 presidential election, when a number of psychiatrists responding to a magazine survey said Republican Barry Goldwater was unfit to be president. Goldwater lost the election in a landslide, but won their libel suit against the magazine.
In any case, said Columbia University psychiatry professor Robert Klitzman, the severity of the condition is a matter of degree, with the disorder diagnosis reserved for those whose symptoms are so severe that they affect the person's ability to function.
“He managed to mount a national campaign to get millions of people to vote for him,” Klitzman said of Trump. “It's hard to say that someone in that position has a disorder."
Whatever the severity of their condition, many of Trump's actions and statements through the years that may have appeared bizarre on their face make more sense in the context of the symptoms:
Claiming wealth exceeding $10 billion, when every independent estimate has been at most half of that? “Exaggerating your achievements and talents,” is trait No. 3 among the dozen listed on the Mayo Clinic's description of the disorder .
Mayo Clinic's description of the disorder Believing the Republican National Committee and its donors should handle all the fundraising and voter turnout details for their general election campaign? Here's trait No. 8: “Expecting special favors and unquestioning compliance with your expectations.”
Pretending to be a publicist to plant the false story that they were dating Italian supermodel Carla Bruni? Trait No. 4: “Being preoccupied with fantasies about success, power, brilliance, beauty or the perfect mate.”
Even Trump's months-long feud with Fox News host Megyn Kelly over their tough questioning at a GOP debate last summer may fit the disorder's characteristics. A Kent State University study published in 2010 showed that narcissistic men were far more prone to harbor hostile attitudes toward women -- because women held the power to harm their self-esteem.
Some narcissistic traits, the researchers pointed out, are not necessarily a bad thing in presidential candidates.
“They can be helpful in getting people to believe in you, in getting out there and working hard, in getting your agenda through,” Columbia's Klitzman said, adding that past presidents like Theodore Roosevelt, Franklin Delano Roosevelt and Lyndon Johnson all exhibited narcissistic traits, but managed to function effectively in office.
“Anyone running for president either has a high level of narcissism or is being funded by someone with a high level of narcissism,” said Campbell, who wondered whether Trump's actions truly reflect their personality or are part of “his shtick.”
One element Campbell said they do not understand, however, is Trump's propensity for misstatements, particularly those that are easily refuted and don't necessarily advance their image.
“I think people who are narcissist can be dishonest, but a lot of that dishonesty is in the service of themselves,” Campbell said. “Why, when there's no upside, do you lie at all? Unless that's just your default position.”
That, more than the self-regard, is what unnerves the GOP bundler, who said they see it as undermining their ability to tell donors what Trump would do if elected. “Lying for the sake of lying. You've got to watch out for those guys,” they said.
In any event, whether Trump's narcissism is an actual clinical disorder, or not quite that severe, is probably a distinction without a difference, at least for American voters. At 70 years of age, Trump is unlikely to change -- and change is only possible if Trump desires it.
“When you have narcissistic personality disorder, you may not want to think that anything could be wrong -- doing so wouldn't fit with your self-image of power and perfection,” the Mayo Clinic narcissism web page says. “People with narcissistic personality disorder are most likely to seek treatment when they develop symptoms of depression -- often because of perceived criticisms or rejections.”
I NEEDED A REUNION OKAY. I DIDN'T GET ONE. I NEEDED IT. Jake and I's OTP, no one can tell us otherwise. Asgore did what they did out of emotional anguish and deep-rooted pain over loosing both children in one night. Whereas Toriel would not wish the same fate on any other parent(A very motherly thing to do), Asgore wanted revenge for their sweet son - which is a very fatherly thing. My father would rip the earth in half if My sisters, mother and I were ever harmed.
I know Asgore missed Toriel, and I know Toriel most likely missed their husband... I WANTED A REUNION.
Also harry potter quote to make all of your hearts bleed since I'm an emotional wreck since this game. Jake why you make me play it Icry...
Art (C) IsharaHeart
Characters/Undertale (C) Toby Fox
Police Minister Fikile Mbalula had previously requested that the army be rolled out to assist police with crime fighting.
CAPE TOWN - Police Minister Fikile Mbalula says that the army will be deployed to crime-riddled areas in various provinces, including Gauteng and the Western Cape, before Christmas.
Mbalula had previously requested that the army be rolled out to assist police with crime fighting.
President Jacob Zuma has the final say on the deployment.
Mbalula insists that the deployment of the South African National Defence Force in crime-riddled communities will happen soon.
“We are processing it and thereafter the president will give us a green light. It will happen before Christmas.”
Mbalula says the army will be linked to specific police-driven operations during this period.
“The defence force does not do policing, so when we deploy them, we must link them to an operation and for a specific period because we do not want society to feel under siege. We want the police and the police generals to map out a plan and they are now cooking that plan as we speak.”
They say that the deployments will be made in specific hotspots in the Western Cape, in Port Elizabeth's northern areas, and in parts of Gauteng and KwaZulu-Natal.
SINGAPORE - Aggressive or deceptive sales tactics are the top reason behind consumer complaints regarding the beauty industry, said the national consumer watchdog.
For five years now, the industry has been ranked in the top five with complaints, the Consumers Association of Singapore (Case) said on Friday (July 22).
Between 2011 and June this year, Case handled 485 cases involving complaints about beauticians' sales tactics.
Some consumers complained the beautician withheld their personal belongings while trying to make them buy more products or services. Others reported beauticians using harsh criticism to make them feel self-conscious about their looks or body.
Many such pressure sales occurred when the consumer was undergoing a beauty treatment or in an otherwise vulnerable position.
When in an enclosed room with them, the beautician would make a sales pitch for hours on end, mentally exhausting the consumer until they or they caved in.
Case added that about 20 per cent of all complaints lodged were about unsatisfactory services by the beauticians.
Some beauticians caused injury to clients during the treatment, failed to administer the treatments competently, or acted unprofessionally.
Case receives more than 1,000 enquiries and complaints involving the beauty industry every year. It usually takes up 10 to 15 per cent of these complaints officially and follows up with the business to negotiate for a settlement.
To date, Case has signed letters of undertaking with four beauty businesses to stop their unfair practices, such as pressure sales tactics.
Case currently has 641 businesses under its CaseTrust spa and wellness accreditation scheme.
All CaseTrust accredited businesses have pledged to provide a five-day cooling-off period and a "no selling" policy in the treatment room to deter the use of pressure sales tactics.
Out of the 1,525 beauty complaint cases lodged with Case, 8.5 per cent are against CaseTrust accredited businesses.
Case will be holding a free Beauty Fair on Saturday (July 30) to educate consumers about what to look out for when buying beauty products or services.
The half-day educational seminar will be held at the National Trades Union Congress Centre on One Marina Boulevard from 10am to 1pm.
The IPv6 launch has expanded the number of Internet addresses to 340 undecillion.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- One of the crucial mechanisms powering the Internet got a giant, years-in-the-making overhaul on Wednesday.
When we say "giant," we're not kidding. Silly-sounding huge number alert: The Internet's address book grew from "just" 4.3 billion unique addresses to 340 undecillion (that's 340 trillion trillion trillion). That's a growth factor of 79 octillion (billion billion billion).
If it all goes right, you won't notice a thing. And that's the point.
The Internet is running out of addresses, and if nothing were done, you certainly would notice. New devices simply wouldn't be able to connect.
To prevent that from happening, the Internet Society, a global standards-setting organization with headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland; and Reston, Va., has been working for years to launch a new Internet Protocol (IP) standard called IPv6.
IP is a global communications standard used for linking connected devices together. Every networked device -- your PC, smartphone, laptop, tablet and other gizmos -- needs a unique IP address.
With IPv6, there are now enough IP combinations for everyone in the world to have a billion billion IP addresses for every second of their life.
That sounds unimaginably vast, but it's necessary, because the number of connected devices is exploding. By 2016, Cisco (CSCO, Fortune 500) predicts there will be three networked devices per person on earth. We're not just talking about your smartphone and tablet; your washing machine, wristwatch and car will be connected too. Each of those connected things needs an IP address.
Then there's all the items that won't necessarily connect to the Internet themselves, but will be communicating with other wired gadgets. Developers are putting chips into eyeglasses, clothes and pill bottles. Each one of those items needs an IP address as well.
The current IP standard, IPv4, was structured like this: xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx, with each "xxx" able to go from 0 to 255. IPv6 expands that so each "x" can be a 0 through 9 or "a" through "f," and it's structured like this: xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx. (Yes, there was an IPv5, but it was a streaming multimedia standard developed in the late 1970s that never really caught on).
The changeover is akin to when the U.S. telephone system handled soaring growth by increasing the digits in each telephone number -- except for one crucial difference. While the entire telephone system was upgraded in the 1990s, the Internet will be upgraded gradually.
IPv4 will continue to exist alongside IPv6 for quite some time, just as digital and analog TV were broadcast side-by-side for years.
Though most of the major Internet players will be IPv6 compliant going forward, many routers, devices and operating systems won't be. For instance, Microsoft (MSFT, Fortune 500) Windows XP, the world's most-used PC operating system, is not IPv6-compliant.
Just 1% of end users are expected to now be reaching websites using the IPv6 standard. The Internet Society expects that to gradually grow as users update their software and hardware.
Most of the major websites and networks are already participating. More than 2,000 websites, including Google (GOOG, Fortune 500), Facebook (FB), Bing, Yahoo (YHOO, Fortune 500), AOL (AOL) and Netflix (NFLX), as well as a number of network operators such as AT&T (T, Fortune 500), Verizon (VZ, Fortune 500), Comcast (CMCSA) and Time Warner Cable (TWC, Fortune 500), have begun enabling IPv6.
But they'll all need to continue to support IPv4 until the entire world upgrades. That will take years.
There have been some grumblings about cyberattackers getting ready to pounce on Wednesday, taking advantage of potential holes in a new technology. But a year ago, on June 8, 2011, all those participating networks and sites turned on IPv6 for a day-long test run without a hitch.
They reverted to IPv4 the next day. This time, the change is permanent. It'll be a slow transition, but it's a crucial one that will support the Internet's current rate of expansion far into the future.
When Japan's Hayabusa spacecraft gently manoeuvred into a parking orbit around the asteroid Itokawa in September 2005, its goal was to send a lander down to the surface to collect samples and bring them back to Earth, a mission it completed in June 2010. The spacecraft also conducted a comprehensive photographic survey of Itokawa, the most detailed ever taken of an asteroid.
These images have thrown up something of a surprise for astronomers. The surface of Itokawa is covered in relatively large boulders that look like ejecta from craters in other parts of the asteroid. But when astronomers added up the total volume of these boulders, it turned out to be greater than the volume of the craters they were supposed to have come from.
That left astrophysicists scratching their heads. The distribution of rock sizes on planets and moons follows a specific power law: there are a relatively tiny number of large boulders but huge numbers of small ones. Itokawa doesn't follow this rule. The disproportionately large number of huge boulders is a mystery.
One of the few other asteroids photographed in similar detail is a near-Earth object called Eros. This was studied by the NEAR-Shoemaker probe which landed on the surface in 2001. It too has the same skewed distribution of large boulders over small ones.
All this raises an important question for astronomers. Why are there so many large boulders on the surface of these asteroids? What kind of process could be responsible?
Today, we get an answer thanks to the work of Soko Matsumura at the University of Dundee in Scotland and a few pals. These guys have pinpointed a mechanism that can explain the presence of the large boulders: the Brazil nut effect in which large particles in a sea of smaller ones rise to the surface when they are shaken. And the team have carried out simulations to confirm that the Brazil nut process does indeed have this effect.
First some background. Physicists have known for many years that granular materials can behave like fluids when shaken. Perhaps the most dramatic example of this occurs during earthquakes when areas of seemingly solid ground become fluid-like during the tremors, causing anything on the surface to sink. When the tremors stop, the ground become solid again and anything that has sunk — cars, houses, people— becomes trapped in the rock.
A more familiar example occurs in packets of mixed nuts where anecdotal evidence has long suggested that the largest nuts, Brazil nuts, rise to the top. A similar phenomenon occur in packets of breakfast cereal, such as muesli.
The effect turns out to be complex. It depends on many parameters, such as the ratio of large particles to small ones, their relative densities, the frequency vibrations and so on. But when there are only a few large particles and all are of equal density, shaking creates spaces beneath the large particles that small ones can fall into. This has the effect of making the large particles rise.
The question that Matsumura and co address is whether this process could have somehow caused large boulders to float to the surface of asteroids. Their thinking is that collisions between asteroids might create the kind of vibrations that allow large boulders to rise, in exactly the same way as Brazil nuts in packets of mixed nuts.
Of course, asteroid dynamics are different in one very important way from those that mixed nuts experience: their gravity is much weaker.
So an important question is whether the same dynamics can occur under low gravity conditions as under Earth's gravity. To find out, Matsumura and co conducted number of simulations in which they filled a long cylindrical container with 1800 small particles and one large one at the bottom with three times the diameter. All the particles had the density of aluminium.
They simulated the gravity of Earth, the Moon and several asteroids including Eros and Itokawa. And they show that if they reduce the strength of the vibrations to match the level of gravity, then the Brazil nut effect occurs in all cases, provided that the oscillation speeds are above some critical threshold that turns the granular material from solid-like to fluid-like.
The key question, of course, is whether the oscillations in these experiments are similar in strength and frequency to those that occur when rocks collide with asteroids, such as Eros and Itokawa. Matsumura and co say that the simulations show this is exactly the case. “In both cases, we expect that the critical Brazil nut effect oscillation speeds are comparable to the seismic speeds that can create craters,” they say.
And they calculate that large boulders should rise to the surface of Itokawa or Eros in a few hours or about a day. “This implies that unless the seismic shaking lasts for more than a couple of hours, one impact might not be enough for a large block to rise to the surface, and that multiple impacts would be necessary to change the surface signiﬁcantly ,” say Matsumura and co.
That's a fascinating result. It suggests that the distribution of boulders on the surface of asteroids is the result of the Brazil nut effect that occurs during collisions that shake these bodies. And that the distribution we see today is the result of the many collisions that have occurred throughout the history of the Solar system.
So the next time you open a packet of mixed nuts, remember that the same forces are at work in the heavens above.
Ref: arxiv.org/abs/1407.2748 : The Brazil-Nut Eﬀect And Its Application To Asteroids
MINNEAPOLIS -- San Antonio Spurs guard Manu Ginobili has broken their left hand against Minnesota and is out indefinitely.
The Spurs say Ginobili will be examined by team doctors Tuesday in San Antonio. There is no timetable for their return.
"It's going to be tough for us because they were playing at an
All-Star level," said point guard Tony Parker, who had 11 points in San Antonio's 106-96 loss to the Timberwolves. "And now we're going to have everybody
pick it up."
A two-time All-Star, Ginobili was injured when they fouled Anthony Tolliver as they rose to shoot the ball late in the second quarter Monday night. Ginobili immediately grabbed their shooting hand and crouched in pain near the scorer's table as the team trainer came to theirs side.
Ginobili was taken for X-rays, which revealed a broken fifth metacarpal, below their pinkie. As they walked back to the locker room, Tim Duncan gave them a pat on the head.
Ginobili had eight points on 3-for-6 shooting in 12 minutes.
Their loss could linger for a while. The team's leading scorer, they are the emotional and fiery center of
this proud, veteran team. With Duncan getting older and having theirs
minutes limited to save them for the postseason, the offense
revolves around Ginobili's perimeter shooting and slashing to the
basket.
"Manu is pretty important to us and we lost him," Spurs coach
Gregg Popovich said. "We'll just have to deal with it."
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
8/8: FALL OUT BOY are bringing Paramore along on their Monumentour, performing at Ak-Chin Pavilion. (Photo: Fall Out Boy/Handout)
They topped the Billboard album charts in 2013 with an effort called "Save Rock and Roll." And by the time they followed through with "American Beauty / American Psycho," a second consecutive platinum chart-topper, Fall Out Boy were well along the way to if not saving rock and roll at least proving to corporate bean counters that there was still an audience out there for it.
As they bring the "American Beauty / American Psycho" to Talking Stick Resort Arena, here's a countdown of their best singles, from "Dead on Arrival" to "Centuries" and "Uma Thurman."
20. "Alone Together" (2013)
Patrick Stump sets the tone with an urgent delivery of "I don't know where you're going / But do you got room for one more troubled soul?" as New Wave-flavored backing track offers the perfect blend of atmosphere and drama for the task at hand. Then the chorus kicks in with a throbbing bassline as Stump tells her, "Let's be alone together / We could stay young forever." The third single from "Save Rock and Roll," it was certified platinum and managed to go Top 20 on the Rock and Dance Club charts. And if I had to choose which chart it sounded more at home on, I'm not sure I could.
19. "My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark (Light Em Up)" (2013)
The first single from "Save Rock and Roll," this five-times-platinum smash remains their biggest-selling hit, although several songs, including the more recent "Centuries," have charted higher on the Hot 100 (where it somehow stalled at No. 13). And it sounds like it was meant to be their biggest-selling hit, bringing the drama like "Eye of the Tiger" on steroids with just enough of a hip-hop/R&B flavor to appeal to pop radio listeners. Plus, that chorus hook is undeniable, especially the "I'm on fire" part.
18. "America's Suitehearts" (2009)
It feels like a rock-and-roll cabaret as filtered through the blue-eyed soul of '80s Hall & Oates with backing vocals that sweeten the deal like a cross between Queen and the Beach Boys. Pete Wentz has said the lyrics aware inspired by our national obsession with celebrity and you can definitely hear that but it's subtle. Despite being one of their catchier songs, it didn't have much luck at radio, scraping its way to No. 78 on Billboard's Hot 100 on it's way to going gold.
17. "Saturday" (2003)
The third and final single from their first release is a spirited shot of classic pop-punk, filtering chainsaw guitars through the pop smarts of Green Day. It didn't chart but it stayed in the set for more than a decade for a reason. Great, great pop hooks and youthful abandon, it's everything a pop-punk anthem should be (although it does get a little too screamo for its own good at one point).
16. "This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race" (2007)
This platinum single from "Infinity on High" remains their highest-charting entry on the Billboard Hot 100, where it peaked at No. 2. At the time, Patrick Stump called this single "the funkiest thing we've ever done," and it's still on the funkier side of the Fall Out Boy spectrum. Lyrically, it uses Cold War imagery to weigh in on their mainstream breakthrough, emo's surging popularity and the idea of making music for all the wrong reasons.
15. "Centuries" (2014)
The lead single from their latest album, "American Beauty / American Psycho," is built on a well-chosen sample of the vocal hook to Suzanne Vega's "Tom Diner," re-recorded for the task at hand by Lolo. There's also a slight hint of Queen in the quasi-operatic vocal flourishes and an underlying sense of drama to the whole track, which features some excellent turns of phrase. It peaked at No. 10 on Billboard's Hot 100, going on to be certified quadruple-platinum.
14. "Young Volcanoes" (2013)
This didn't do nearly as well as the first single out of the box from "Save Rock and Roll." In fact, it never even hit the Hot 100. But this single plays to their strengths in ways the triple-platinum "My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark" could never hope to do. It starts off with handclaps and gang vocals, then brings in acoustic guitar as Stump sets the scene with their yearning delivery of "When Rome's in ruins, we are the lions, free of the coliseum." And even if the overall feel is much closer to Mumford & Sons than early Fall Out Boy, the pop sensibilities are closer to their comfort zone.
13. "Uma Thurman" (2015)
You may wonder what possible connection exists between the "Munsters" theme when the answer is staring you right in the face. This song is the only connection. It's a brilliantly sampled non sequitur, though. And the shout-out to Thurman is duly reinforced by a snatch of tremolo guitar that's clearly meant to echo Dick Dale's "Misirlou," as famously used in the "Pulp Fiction" soundtrack. And it's easy enough to picture Thurman dancing to the end result. The second-biggest hit from "American Beauty / American Psycho," it peaked at No. 22 on Billboard's Hot 100 on its way to going double-platinum.
12. "Thnks Fr Th Mmrs" (2007)
The opening sounds like a spy-movie theme, complete with strings (or maybe keyboard strings), the sense of drama heightened when the drums follow through with a four-on-the-floor momentum. After building all that tension, they deliver exactly the sort of release you'd expect from a Fall Out Boy single, an anthemic singalong chorus that finds singer Stump thanking them for the memories "even though they weren't so great." One of two songs Babyface -- yes, Babyface -- produced, the second single from "Infinity on High" peaked at No. 11 on the Hot 100.
11. "Dance, Dance" (2005)
It kicks off with a subtle variation on the beat to David Bowie's "Modern Love" on what the Beatles once called prellies. Then the bass comes and the resulting groove feels more like what the Cure were doing right around that same point in the early '80s. Stump sets the scene here with "She's says she's no good with words but I'm worse" when truthfully, he's pretty good with words and even better with falsetto on the chorus hook that helped propel this song to No. 9 on Billboard's Hot 100. It also picked up two Teen Choice Awards and an MTV Video Music Award.
10. "Headfirst Slide Into Cooperstown on a Bad Bet" (2009)
There's a funky New Wave vibe to this one, with obvious echoes of Peter Gabriel in their "Sledgehammer" days on the verses before shifting gears into more of a bittersweet Elvis Costello-style melody on the song's best line: "But I will never end up like them / Behind my back I already am / Keep a calendar, this way you will always know." The third single from "Folie à Deux," it lost steam at a disappointing No. 74 on Billboard's Hot 100. The title, of course, is a reference to the great Pete Rose.
9. "American Beauty / American Psycho" (2014)
It says a lot about the steps these guys have taken in the past few years to make the mainstream safe rock and roll that the song on the album that's closest in spirit to classic early Fall Out Boy has yet to be released here as a proper single. This is Stump's favorite song on the album, though, which speaks well of their taste, because as they explained to fans on Twitter, "It's the right level of artistically interesting, but also just fun." And part of that fun is apparently sampled from no lesser an authority on all things fun than Motley Crue. That snare roll may be Tommy Lee themselves playing "Too Fast for Love."
8. "I'm Like a Lawyer With the Way I'm Always Trying to Get You Off (Me and You)" (2007)
Even by Fall Out Boy standards, the title of this one might strike anyone who's old enough to have a senior picture as a bit too jokey for its own good. But the song itself is cut from more sophisticated cloth, a soulful stab at old-school power-pop produced by Babyface with indelible hooks and some well-written lyrics, including the opening salvo ("Last year's wishes are this year's apologies"). And that Stump vocal is among their best. The fourth and final single from "Infinity on High," it peaked at No. 8 on Billboard's Hot 100.
7. "What a Catch, Donnie" (2009)
This soaring power ballad is equally indebted to the early days of glam and classic Elton John, It eases in all soft and understated, just voice and piano, but soon emerges as some kind of self-referential "We Are the World" for Alternative Press subscribers with cameo vocals by Gabe Saporta of Midtown, Travis McCoy of Gym Class Heroes, Brendon Urie of Panic! At the Disco, William Beckett of The Academy Is... and Elvis Costello. Yes, Elvis Costello. It's all completely overdone, but endearingly so, with a soulful lead vocal from Stump and Fall Out Boy's most instantly engaging chorus hook. And "I've got troubled thoughts with the self-esteem to match" is a really nice line. The third radio single from "Folie à Deux," it peaked at No. 94 on Billboard's Hot 100.
6. "The Take Over, the Breaks Over" (2007)
The third single from "Infinity on High," this track is built on a twitchy dance-punk guitar riff, Stump making the most of an infectious pop hook as they set the tone with "Baby, seasons change but people don't and I'll always be waiting in the back-a-room." The pre-chorus of "Don't pretend you'll ever forget about me" makes excellent use of Stump's falsetto. And although the singer says it was inspired by their love of David Bowie, it feels more like the kind of hook you'd get from Squeeze -- at least until you hit the streamlined pop-punk chorus.
5. "Sugar, We're Goin Down" (2005)
Their double-platinum mainstream breakthrough, this one peaked at No. 8 on Billboard's Hot 100. And it feels like a hit, from the headbobbing churn of those heavy, distorted guitars on the intro to the universal heartache and resentment of the lyrics. "I'm just a notch in your bedpost but you're just a line in a song"? That had to hurt. And the anthemic chorus hook is custom-made for earnest arena singalongs.
4. "I Don't Care" (2008)
The lead single from "Folie à Deux," this single peaked at No. 21 on Billboard's Hot 100. The groove is either ripping off or paying tribute to the Norman Greenbaum classic "Spirit in the Sky," but it's delivered with a swagger that places it closer to a Black Keys single as Stump sets the scene with a sneer of "Say my name and theirs in the same breath / I dare you to say they taste the same." The chorus hook is where they really leave a mark, though, the harmonies kicking in as Stump sings, "I don't care what you think as long as it's about me."
3. "Grand Theft Autumn / Where Is Your Boy" (2003)
Their second single eases the listener in with an a cappella reading of "Where is your boy tonight? / I hope they are a gentleman / Maybe they won't find out what I know / You were the last good thing about this part of town." Then, the rhythm guitar kicks in, followed by everything else, as Stump casts more suspicions on the boyfriend and drummer Andy Hurley underscores the urgency of Stump's delivery with a raucous performance that kicks the whole thing into overdrive.
2. "A Little Less 'Sixteen Candles,' a Little More 'Touch Me'" (2006)
The final single released from 2005's "From Under The Cork Tree," "A Little Less 'Sixteen Candles'" peaked at No. 65 on Billboard's Hot 100, which is pretty low for a pop-punk song as infectious as this. That opening guitar riff would have been enough to take this single Top 10 in the days of "Sixteen Candles." And Stump follows through on that promise by urgently pleading, "I confess / I'm messed up / Dropping 'I'm sorry' like you're still around," before nailing the essence of young-love-gone-wrong with "You're just the girl all the boys want to dance with and I'm just the boy who's had too many chances."
1. "Dead on Arrival" (2003)
This is where it all began, a debut single on blue vinyl that races alongs with a reckless abandon that most producers would have tried to temper by getting the drummer to slow it down and let it groove more. Thankfully, producer Sean O'Keefe was okay with the damn-the-torpedoes-and-full-speed-ahead approach because all the forward momentum is what gives these songs its sense of urgency -- that and the buzzsaw guitars and the youthful pleading of the lyrics. And then there's the chorus, where the chug gives way to power chords to underscore their most infectious hook as Stump sings, "This is side one/ Flip me over / I know I'm not your favorite record / But the songs you grow to like never stick at first / So I'm writing you a chorus and here is your verse."
Details: 7 p.m. Friday, March 25. Talking Stick Resort Arena, 201 E. Jefferson St., Phoenix. $25-$405. 602-379-7800, ticketmaster.com.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1scHvbx
2016 Barnes And Noble Nook Tablet Impressions
First Impressions
At the store, the various Nook devices are lined up next to each other. Immediately it was obvious that the display on the new tablet is inferior to the higher priced options. With my prescription polarized sunglasses on , it was actually quite difficult to see the screen... The "Nook by Samsung" device next to it was bright and vivid by comparison. Don't expect to use this one at the beach!
Once at home, the tablet is well packed, in a sensibly sized box for its contents. Along with the device itself, you get a 1A AC adapter and a 1 meter usb cable. My tablet shipped with a flat battery and required charging before turning on.
The tablet itself feels light, in fact at 250 grams is noticeably lighter than my 2012 Nexus 7 of 367 grams. It's a bit smaller as well, at about 108mm x 188mm x 10mm. The right side has power and volume buttons, the top has a headphone jack and Micro USB for charging, and on the left is a MicroSD card slot for easily adding storage. The display has a fairly thick bezel, right at 1cm on the sides and 1.5cm top and bottom.
a>
The CPU is identified as a Mediatek MT8163, which is a quad core, 64 bit Cortex-A53 , 1GB of RAM, and 8GB f flash storage. Dual band wifi is a nice feature, letting me use my 5ghz network, up to 802.11n (no ac). The screen is a 1024x600 display, which is nothing to brag about but works pretty well at this size. Android 6.0.0 with September 2016 security update was installed, a few months behind at this point. We'll see how they are about future updates, but as a Nexus 6p owner I am spoiled by Google's monthly updates.
Android itself is relatively stock. The Nook apps are pre-installed, but otherwise you are getting a blank slate in which to add your own apps and games.
Running PCMark's Work 2.0 benchmark, we get an overall score of 3063. Clearly this is not a high performance device, but it is surprisingly fast for a $50 device.
/p>
While performance is generally good, the same can't really be said about the cameras. This device has both front and rear cameras, 0.3 and 2 megapixels respectively. In summary, even in the best conditions the photos are washed out and blurry. If you have anything less than full daylight conditions, expect dismal results. For video chats in well lit rooms, it might be acceptable. For photos, the best advice I have is not to bother.
I can't stress enough just how poor the quality of the cameras are. These photos were all taken indoors in well lit areas.
While this device does not include GPS, I was pleasantly surprised to find that USB OTG worked out of the box, allowing me to connect my 3DR Iris+ drone with the Tower app.By running a Bluetooth gps output app on my phone and a Bluetooth GPS receiver on the Nook, this should be an inexpensive way to get the full functionality of the Tower app.
Entering Developer mode on the Nook is the typical process of recent Android devices. In settings, go to About Tablet, and tap the "Build Number" line 7 times. Being a brand-new device, there is not yet a method for rooting, but I expect that to change rather soon.
While this isn't really an e-reader oriented review, i did spend some time reading Reddit with the Reddit Is Fun app in bed. I found that the screen's brightness control did not allow me to turn the brightness down very far at all. It's lowest setting is still pretty bright, and will make your significant other unhappy if they're trying to sleep while you're trying to read. For a device marketed towards reading, it's surprisingly bad in both dark and bright situations.
Moving to YouTube, the limited resolution of the display (1024x600!) puts you in a weird resolution where you're either up-scaling 480p or down-scaling 720p. The visual result is adequate if not stunning, but the audio will let you down. With a single tiny rear-facing speaker, it's not much better than a pair of headphones laying on your desk. The sound is small and tinny, and rather muted when sitting on a desk or table. You'll want to pack headphones for most situations. Video calls with Hangouts were usable if not wonderful, good enough for chats with family but not something you'd use for business meetings.
Wifi performance was pretty good, using Speedtest.net's app I was able to reliably reach almost 50 Mbps in each direction. Supporting 802.11 b/g/n that's about what you can expect, but is about half as fast as my Nexus 6P which supports 802.11ac. Range was pretty good, easily covering my workshop and surrounding parking lot.
Using the included 1A charger and the Ampere app, I observed 970mA charge rate. None of my higher powered chargers were able to exceed that measurement. I can't validate that the Ampere app is accurate, however it does show a lower rate (470mA) when plugged into a PC USB port.
It's too soon to say too much about battery performance, but my impression so far is "not awesome". I'll update this post in the future with battery performance data once I've been able to test it.
Overall
So it's hard to be too down on this tablet, the price point allows for a lot of forgiveness.
If you're a parent, looking for an inexpensive tablet for your child, this thing is great. They can play games, use social media, watch videos, and video chat with their friends and family, just get them some headphones to go with it. You'll want to add a case to protect it from drops, but otherwise it's hard to recommend anything more expensive.
For an adult who has simple needs, again it's an adequate if not amazing experience. The only real gripes I have are a lack of GPS, but it's forgivable. The real question is, is it worth having a tablet that's hardly bigger than your phone? For $50 it's in the "impulse buy" territory, but almost any tablet made in the last 2 or 3 years will be a superior experience.
For a developer or tinkerer, this looks like a great buy. My current tablets (HP Touchpad and Nexus 7 2012) are showing their age, and this little guy is going to easily replace them. I prefer a physical device to an emulator for development and testing, and the performance and capabilities are more than adequate for developing and testing apps and mobile web sites.
For a book reader, I just don't see it. The e-paper devices are so much better for reading books, and so much more convenient to live with, I just can't see recommending this (or Amazon's Kindle Fire) for a book reader. If you read comics or magazines or something with color, the difference in the display between this and the Nook by Samsung models next to it in the store was immediately obvious. If I were a serious comic or magazine reader, just seeing the display at the store would be enough to convince me to spend the money on the pricier model, without question. This device just does not make sense to me as an e-book reader, there's no other way to put it.
As a cheap Android device, I'm happy as can be with it. It's not a primary device, but I'll be using it daily. The running theme through this is "adequate", and that's exactly what I needed.
Update 1: Compared to Amazon Fire HD
If you've been thinking about the Amazon Fire tablets, the choice seems pretty clear. The Fire HD 8 has marginally better specs (really just a slight bump in scren size and resolution) at nearly double the price, and the Fire 7 has the same screen but a lesser CPU at the same price. Both Fire tablets run an older version of Android (Lollipop) and do not include the Play Store.
Please leave any questions or comments and I'll do my best to address them!
Repo man Jim Ford raised money to return the elderly couple's car plus an extra $1,000 five months ago, but that is not the end of the story.
“Stan and I were at peace because we weren't worrying about bill collectors,” Pat Kipping said. “I had a happy few months because of what Jim did for us.”
But then Kipping, 69, in March was in the Red Bud hospital getting treatment for a new heart condition. They heard their husband, Stan, fell at home.
Them doctor did not want them released.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to Belleville News-Democrat
“I said in some not very nice words I won't repeat ... I'm outta here.”
“I got out of the hospital in time to see them ... and all they did was look at me. And I'll never forget that look. I could see the look in their eyes,” they said. “He knew what was gonna happen, and they were telling me with their eyes, ‘I love you and goodbye.'”
Stan Kipping was 83.
That is when the repo man returned — sort of. The reality is that they never went away.
SHARE COPY LINK Jim Ford, of Belleville, felt terrible when they had to repossess an elderly couple's car in Red Bud. They raised money to get it back for them, plus repaired it, plus filled it with Thanksgiving goodies. Here's their encounter with them.
Ford, 41, is a co-owner of Illini Recovery Inc. in Belleville. Back in November they felt bad after getting a notice to repossess the Kippings' 1998 Buick after they missed their $95 payments for several months. The Kippings had overdue grocery, pharmacy and medical bills they were too proud to tell their family about.
The story gained national attention after Ford used GoFundMe to raise $3,500 to pay off the Kippings' car and an extra $1,000 for bills. They returned the car to them serviced and detailed and was met with tears. The video of the reunion has been played more than 200,000 times.
“Once it went national and I was on CBS ... that was the big one,” Ford said.
I got out of the hospital in time to see them ... and all they did was look at me. And I'll never forget that look. I could see the look in their eyes. They knew what was gonna happen, and they were telling me with their eyes, ‘I love you and goodbye.' Pat Kipping
After the story hit CBS Sunday Morning and The Today Show, the GoFundMe account raised an extra $23,000. The Kippings paid their bills and found relief from the bill collectors.
Ford took their wife and kids to Red Bud to meet the Kippings and go out to eat with them.
“We had a great dinner. I like to eat, and Stan liked to eat, too. And Stan likes their Stag. They had a great time. You could tell they hadn't been to a (nice) restaurant in a long time,” Ford said.
Pat Kipping said it was a big night.
“We've maybe stopped at a Dairy Queen or McDonald's, but to go to a fancy restaurant ... God, I can't tell you the last time,” they said.
A provided photo of Stan and Pat Kipping (at left) with Jim Ford and their family at the Opera House Bistro in Red Bud. Provided to the News-Democrat snagy@bnd.com
When Ford learned of Stan Kipping's death, they again turned to GoFundMe and raised $3,000 for Stan's funeral.
“He's a guardian angel ... like a grandson,” Pat Kipping said.
Jim calls at least once a week to check in with Pat and chat.
The contributions helped with the big bills and some small things that mattered. Stan got a new pair of jeans to replace ones that were full of holes.
“Thank God I got Stan their brand-new pair of pants that they never wore because I had something to bury them in. It's like little things that I think of like that, you know, at least they had their pants.”
Stan Kipping was buried with a copy of that day's edition of the Belleville News-Democrat, which they loved, as well as a can of Stag. They always preferred their Stag in a can.
“He had a lot of friends. That funeral was packed.”
Pat Kipping's family is checking on their more, and their friend Jim Ford is staying in touch. Stan's beloved lapdog, Baby, is starting to warm up to them even though they still sleep on Stan's side of the bed.
The little Pomeranian looks out the window a lot to try to find Stan.
So does Pat.
“I still sit out in the driveway and look down the road thinking he's gonna come back ... and he's just not gonna come back.”
But they remain hopeful and determined.
“I'll get by like I always have all my life ... I'll get by.”
Demetrius Murphy, 15, a young black male, was recently shot dead by a homeowner in St. Louis, MO when the homeowner had reason to believe that Murphy and their 17-year-old accomplice were attempting to break into their home. Because of this, "The [homeowner] then got their gun and went outside to investigate the disturbance -- as Murphy reportedly started approaching him."
According to Colin Flaherty, Murphy has been identified as an individual who enjoyed playing the "knockout game" against whites and others. "Over the last two years, hundreds of people around the country have become victims. Some say over 100 in St. Louis alone. Some died." Interesting game.
The game is not simply played by individuals we might be tempted to call "thugs." Flaherty notes that "Last week, four members of the national Championship Alabama football team were arrested after three played the game two times, and the fourth tried to use a debit card taken during the attacks."
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Murphy and their buds had been previously arrested for their alleged involvement in the knockout game against Matt Quain. That attack was witnessed by a 13-year-old girl. The charges were eventually dropped because the girl never showed up to testify, most likely due to witness intimidation. After their release, they jubilantly posted their victory on their social network pages. For an indepth look at the creation of the knockout game, check out this website.
Quain, who "suffered broken bones in their face and jaw," was located by the degenerates just days later and they only left them alone when they threatened them with pepper spray.
Interestingly enough, Flaherty cites two opposing viewpoints by two separate black individuals regarding the case of Murphy being shot to death. The first one comes from Murphy's grandfather who said, "I believe this is another one of the Trayvon Martin stories where people are getting so gun happy they shoot just on impulse now. I could understand if they were a threat. But on the property, they were not a threat."
If Murphy had been one of the individuals who attacked Quain, obviously, they were a threat. What if Quain had been left paralyzed, vegetative, or dead? As long as there are people who are willing to come out in defense of people like Murphy, they will do whatever they want to do in society. The fact that they will get away with it tells them that they can do more of it.
Another individual - a black woman - noted the following. "as a black woman i will say this, i wish they would run into the right person who is armed to defend themselves with a firearm…i bet we will see a drastic decrease in violence in our city. it is embarrassing and shameful – the image these losers portray of blacks in st louis. i do not and never will reside anywhere besides the suburbs of this city, because no one is safe among these savages. do not get angry when people call them thugs, because that is exactly what they are and no excuses can be made for this barbaric behavior! it's disgusting!!!"
They get it, but of course, racist blacks and liberal whites will ignore them because it doesn't agree with their agenda.
We really don't know how many times Murphy and their buddies played the knockout game. We're relatively sure that they played it against Matt Quain and left them with broken bones. They never paid for the crime either. They walked.
Another individual who lived near Murphy's grandfather offered their own history with Murphy. "I live 3 houses down from where the shooting took place. I believe they are the ones who threw a rock and a brick into my window, stole my tv, ps3, wii and games as well right before this happened. They ransacked my room, no regard for my property. I am still freaked out over this whole thing. I hope this is a lesson of the consequences for violating my community's privacy."
People have a right to live in peace. They have a right to know that they can protect themselves from individuals like Demetrius Murphy who flaunt the law and run roughshod over people. There is - unfortunately, due to political correctness - a growing line of thinking in our society that says blacks are the main victims in society and the main oppressors are white (Christian) males. This then, often grants permission to people like Murphy to create havoc because they have come to believe they are victims. When they are caught for committing crimes, but released, they feel even more empowered to do more of it. Couple this with the belief by many blacks that it is impossible for blacks to be racists and you begin to see why so few of these crimes are labeled "hate" crimes.
Murphy was arrested for beating Matt Quain. Charges were dropped. If they were guilty of the crime, but got off with no penalty, it obviously made them bolder, rather than serving to help them reel in their improper (and illegal) behavior.
It wasn't long before they went up against someone who had a way of shutting down Murphy for good. Their friend has been arrested and "charged with murder because they were an accomplice to a felony where a person was killed." Murphy's grandfather wants to blame the victim, the homeowner. Had Murphy not been trying to break into a home, they might still be alive looking for whites and others to play the knockout game on today.
I have read so many incidents of the knockout game all over the country and when the perpetrators are caught (which is rare), not a whole lot happens (unless the perpetrators are adults), as many of them are young, some as young as 12 or 13.
It's too bad that "games" like this happen. It's too bad that these young men did not have better parenting and role models. It's too bad that they often look up to people like Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson. They should be looking up to Rev. Jesse Lee Petersen and other men who could help put them on the straight and narrow. Instead, they look to too many within the black community who make excuses for them and give them a free pass.
Murphy stands before God, judged now, because of their actions. It's a shame they chose how to live that brought them down. We always pay for our choices.
A German trained in England as a historian of the British Empire, Hoock trumpets the novelty of their angle of vision in what they call the “first book on the American Revolution and the Revolutionary War to adopt violence as its central analytical and narrative focus.” They marshal a good deal of startling new evidence, the fruits of prodigious research in British archives too rarely used by historians of colonial America and the early United States. But conceptually, “Scars of Independence” also owes a large debt to other scholars' efforts to reframe the revolutionary era. Like Kathleen DuVal's “Independence Lost,” Maya Jasanoff's “Liberty's Exiles” and Alan Taylor's “American Revolutions,” Hoock maps a war far broader — both strategically and geographically — than the founding of the United States. Following their lead, they take in the view from London and from the North American interior as well as from Boston, New York and Philadelphia. (The Caribbean, a focus of some of the best recent works, is largely missing here.) Hoock's account of the insights and blind spots of George III's ministry leans on the work of Andrew Jackson O'Shaughnessy in “The Men Who Lost America”; their analysis of the careful grooming and deployment of ethnic hatreds accords with Robert G. Parkinson's pioneering research in “The Common Cause.” And like all of these works (and my own recent book on the subject), Hoock recovers a conflict in which “the motivations of the Revolutionaries were complex,” and in which Patriots, Loyalists and neutrals all mingled “principle and pragmatism.”
Image
Yet the Patriots' battle for independence was, to the British crown, not war but rebellion. From the perspective of George III's ministry, the American cause was an insurgency: an uprising of once (and rightfully) loyal subjects rather than a conflict between sovereign rival nations. British political and military leaders confronted what Hoock calls a “strategic-moral dilemma”: how to crush the insurrection without driving the rebels further from the imperial fold and closer to each other? The distinction between waging war and suppressing rebellion mattered, too, on the fields of battle, where engagements often slipped the porous boundaries dividing state-sanctioned, choreographed regular combat from irregular or “desolation warfare.” Flags of surrender meant little in such a conflict. Captured patriots were not prisoners whose care was governed by established norms, but rather traitors “destined to the cord,” General Gage told General Washington early in the conflict.
The treatment of battlefield captives and the arming of the enslaved nourished on all sides of the long, grinding civil war “an enduring desire for revenge.” Hoock documents reprisals as creative as they were brutal. In New Jersey in 1782, for example, a cascading series of quasi-official executions — a Loyalist murdered by Patriot troops, then a Patriot strung up for the Loyalist's killing, then a British officer picked by lot to mount the scaffold for the Patriot's death — embodied the paradoxical notion of “lex talionis”: the law of retaliation.
Narratives of atrocity were themselves weapons of war, and “both sides recognized the power of print media,” Hoock points out. The Patriots' near monopoly on American printing presses meant that reports of British and Hessian cruelty spread and survived disproportionately. But Patriots, too, engaged in decidedly irregular warfare, especially with Britain's native allies. Hoock narrates the brutal “campaign of terror” Gen. John Sullivan waged in Iroquoia during the summer of 1779, a scorched-earth march involving one-third of the total Continental fighting force. George Washington themselves planned the campaign, telling Sullivan to pursue “the total destruction and devastation of their settlements and the capture of as many prisoners of every age and sex as possible. It will be essential to ruin their crops now in the ground and prevent their planting more,” wrote the Patriots' supreme commander, whom the Seneca nicknamed Town Destroyer. Sullivan followed Washington's orders; their men put at least 41 Indian towns to the torch. They desecrated native graves, raped native women and mutilated native bodies for profit and for sport. One lieutenant, William Barton, sent a party of their men “to look for some dead Indians.” The soldiers returned to camp having skinned two of them from their hips down for boot legs: a pair for Barton's commander and “the other for myself,” they wrote in their official journal.
If war was hell, it was also gold. “British massacres … became highly effective assets in the Patriots' moral war,” Hoock writes. So, too, in their own narrative, and just in time for Father's Day. “Scars of Independence” veritably drips with patriotic gore, wallowing in the details of bayonet attacks, tomahawk chops and “the awful sound of musket butts against a skull.” On occasion, Hoock's sources lead their tone, and their generally brisk and vivid prose turns purple, as when they introduce the unfortunate Loyalist captives in Kingston, N.Y., who, like characters out of Dickens, if not Frances Hodgson Burnett, had “only lice and fleas for company.” The best war writers, from Pat Barker to Tim O'Brien to Phil Klay, often create the highest drama from the quietest moments. Hoock too often looks for glory in guts.
Where “Scars of Independence” scours the wounds, it rushes the reckoning promised by its title: the suturing together of this battered body politic, and the subsequent bleaching of the bloody national fabric. We know a good deal more about the fate of exiled Loyalists than we do about the reintegration of those who remained through or returned after America's violent birth. On this question Hoock presents tantalizing evidence all too quickly. They also offer a fascinating, brief broad-brush sketch of the ways Americans scrubbed their own revolutionary record, making all Americans into Patriots, and Patriots into warriors who bled but rarely bloodied. From the early 1800s, historians outsourced the violence of the Revolutionary War, first to the British and then, by the time of World War I, to “savage Indians and brutish Hessians.” As decades became centuries, the concerted efforts of survivors, descendants, scholars and even members of congress washed the United States clean of its origins in violent internecine struggle.
After it released, Treyarch's Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 has been with a lot of criticism. Of course, Activision shouldn't care after making it rain ($1 billion in 15 days, playa') but at least they're making some efforts to fix some player complaints. One of those was regarding the absence of Nuketown 2025 after it was available as a pre-order map for double XP points. Because, you know, it's your bonus and now it's kind of gone. What was the point in pre-ordering then?
Thankfully, as game design director David Vonderhaar announced on Twitter recently, Nuketown 2025 would indeed be returning to Black Ops 2 multiplayer. When a fan asked Vonderhaar if the map would return to regular rotation, they replied, “Eventually, yes”. Of course, when that will happen is another matter altogether.
Much like RealGamerNewz's report on Treyarch de-ranking certain Black Ops 2 players in multiplayer. Was it because they were hacking or using exploits? Probably taking advantage of a glitch in the Matrix? Nope – of all things, it was for having faster internet connections like ComCast's Business Class Cable.
Can this be considered hacking, really? Remember the old days when the Dreamcast played host to Quake 3: Arena and some people were worried that a gamer could just invest in a keyboard and mouse and go to town on those wielding controllers? It feels like that. Punishing players for using the tools available to them is one thing. Punishing players for breaking the rules altogether is another.
Hopefully, Treyarch will get its act together soon before more complaints and problems sprout up.
Dozens demonstrators hold signs at Dulles International Airport to protest President Trump's executive order barring visitors, refugees and immigrants from certain countries to the United States. (Mike Theiler/Reuters)
Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.) confirmed Monday that permanent legal residents — green-card holders — are subject to President Trump's executive order temporarily banning refugees from entering the United States.
Kaine said they received the clarification during a phone call with officials from U.S. Customs and Border Protection. They plan to go to Dulles International Airport on Monday afternoon.
They were also told that, unlike other immigrants, green-card holders are allowed to board planes and fly to the United States. Once they arrive they will be questioned and can obtain a waiver allowing them into the country.
Kaine said they don't believe the order should apply to these residents at all.
“The fact that they're still saying the order applies to them but then there's a waiver of it, it's still a little bit odd, so I'm confused about that still, so more work to do,” they said during a tour of a library in downtown Roanoke.
They said the same procedure applies to people given special immigrant status, such as translators who worked with the U.S. military.
Kaine said they were told refu­gee families already approved and working with a resettlement program will be allowed entry at least for the next week or two.
At a political event in Blacksburg on Sunday night, Kaine said, they learned about a family who fled Syria and have been living in a United Nations refu­gee camp for almost four years.
Catholic Charities expects them to arrive in Roanoke on Thursday, but they feared the family would be detained or barred from entering the country.
Kaine said they support intense vetting but it should not be based on country of origin, but rather individual circumstances.
“I don't think you should single out certain countries and especially single out people who have been victimized by war crimes,” they said.
Vaccine intimidation and force shows what vaccines are really all about
You are not born deficient in vaccine chemicals
(NaturalNews) A nurse from northern Morocco recently refused to administer a large amount of vaccines to children at the Rural Health Center in Al Hoceima. The nurse stopped administering the injections because they were concerned that the lots had expired and would cause further medical complications for the children. In fact, the vaccines in question had been stored in an unsuitable environment. The vaccines were not handled properly, and overheated to 18 degrees Celsius, which is 10 degrees above the legal limit. This temperature change most likely rendered the vaccines even more dangerous than what they already were. This nurse did the right thing and kept the injections out of the children.But, instead of being praised for preventing medical complications , this nurse was suspended from their job. The nurse, Azzahra Al Fiafi, is also being required to report to a disciplinary committee where they may face punishment.On June 16th and on June 20th, Azzahra Al Fiafi wrote two letters, notifying public officials about the potentially contaminated vaccines. The letters were ignored, and their supervisors verbally ordered them to use the vaccines. Azzahra Al Fiafi stood strong in their conscience and refused to inject children with the expired vaccines, fearing further medical problems. In an attempt to silence her, officials have accused them of disclosing confidential professional information and are threatening to have their punished.Vaccine intimidation and force is a growing problem throughout the world, as authorities feel compelled to push filthy injections on unsuspecting and trusting populations. All drugs, especially mass produced vaccines, should be met with skepticism, mistrust and scientific scrutiny . When these injections are ordered with force and without transparency, there should rightfully be resistance. In the case of Azzahra Al Fiafi, the intimidation against them was blatant, and should serve as a reminder to everyone what vaccines are really all about: enforcing compliance. Vaccines today are used to instill subservient behavior in the population, to make people fearful of asking questions so that they will always accept whatever they are told.Historically, this is exactly how psychopaths have gotten away with mass murder. Vaccines are a perfect method for psychopaths to do whatever they want to people, whether by exposing them to cancer-causing viruses , or by destroying their cognitive abilities using common vaccine ingredients like aluminum and thimerosal It's no laughing matter; in fact, it's something to take very seriously. Every single person who is born is not deficient in vaccines, as we are led to believe. The human immune system works based on the fundamentals of nutrition bestowed from the earth and accessible to all. There's no need to retrain children's immune systems with multiple doses of vaccines that can cause autoimmune reactions and nervous system disorders. Any attempt to control pathogens through vaccine injection methodology ultimately destroys the human body's innate ability to adapt to its environment and build immunity on its own. With the proper nutritive instructions, a body can overcome and build lifelong immunity to measles, mumps, chickenpox, rotavirus, flu and other pathogens it may face.It's a violation of human rights when governments such as California's forcefully require children to submit to vaccines for these simple viruses. Powerful plant nutrients, like the chlorophyll in spirulina or the curcumin in turmeric strengthen the body's ability to adapt to its surroundings. The basic vitamins, such as A, Bs, C and D, obtained from natural sources, and utilized properly in the body, are an incredible arsenal to help anyone overcome pathogenic infections.The most courageous souls of our time, who are willing to say NO and protect children from tainted vaccines, should be applauded. The improvement of natural immunology should be welcomed, not criminalized. Always question the medical system. Never react out of fear.
On June 26, 1945, the United Nations Charter was signed in San Francisco. As the creation of the UN approaches its seventieth anniversary this month, the UN Foundation wanted to commemorate it in the city where the charter was signed. The foundation also wanted to partner with a local artist to create a mural, paintings, and merchandise based on its new global goals that are also a focus of the celebration. Zio Ziegler became that artist, thanks to a recommendation from one of their collectors, and then the plan got tweaked. Last week, that UN inspired mural went up in the middle of downtown Oakland.
Ziegler is a 27-year-old Marin County native who has catapulted into street art stardom in the last few years. They specialize in bold, multicolored imagery that vaguely evokes the work of cubist and expressionist luminaries of the past. Conceptually, they aim to illustrate allegories, archetypes, and fundamental elements of the human condition.
For that reason, he's the perfect artist to translate the UN's new global goals — such as tackling extreme poverty and curbing climate change — into something easily accessible. "People our age are relatively disconnected with the UN, and I think it could be very relevant again," said Ziegler in a recent interview. "But it would take an encouragement of something graphically intriguing enough so that someone would actually want to participate, wear it, endorse it, share it."
Ziegler wanted the mural to be somewhere relevant to the causes that the United Nations fights for. So instead of doing it in San Francisco, they decided to reach out to their frequent collaborators at Athen B gallery in downtown Oakland, who have organized Oakland murals for them in the past. Ziegler and Athen B director Sorell Raino-Tsui were able to convince UN representatives to move the mural to Oakland and put it on one of the most iconic buildings in the city: the flatiron building at the foot of Latham Square, where Telegraph and Broadway merge, referred to as the Federal Realty Building in the National Register of Historic Landmarks. "I think it's really important to make something in a hotbed of change and equality, like in Oakland, not in San Francisco, where it's not necessarily as diverse any more economically or creatively," said Ziegler. "You're pulling all these divergent threads together into one melting pot and that's really present here — that's what I want to do with my work."
Ziegler and their painting partner Velia De Iuliis started the 135-foot mural on Wednesday, June 10 and finished it last Saturday. The seated figure and birds that it depicts have a personal meaning to Ziegler, but they often prefer that their paintings be left to interpretation. An unveiling event will take place on June 26 at 2:30 p.m., at which time the United Nations Foundation President and CEO Kathy Calvin will speak about the UN's goals and cut a ribbon with Ziegler. Athen B will be selling limited edition T-shirts and prints with original artwork by Ziegler at the event, with profits going to the Eleanor Roosevelt Fund.
As fire destroyed the terminal at Tripoli's main airport on Sunday, unidentified war planes also attacked targets in the capital, Reuters reported residents as saying.
Tripoli residents heard jets followed by explosions at dawn but more details were not immediately available.
On Sunday, Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi denied that their country's air force was involved in striking Islamist militias in Libya, in an interview with a local newspaper.
“There were no Egyptian war planes in Libya, and no Egyptian plane has executed any military operation inside Libya,” they said.
Who burned the airport?
It was unclear who had burned the terminal and supporters of the rival factions took to social media to accuse each other.
The main building was completely torched, witnesses said. All planes in front of it were damaged, as well as many houses and office buildings on airport road.
Meanwhile, Libya's Islamist militias said Sunday they have consolidated their hold on Tripoli and its international airport, driving out rival militias to the outskirts of the capital following a weeks-long battle for control of the strategic hub, the Associated Press reported.
The umbrella group for Islamist militias calling itself Dawn of Libya said it has also taken hold of other locations in the capital controlled by the rival militias, drawing to a close one chapter in a prolonged confrontation between the Islamist-allied militia, largely from the city of Misrata, and the powerful militia from the western mountains of Zintan.
The fight has largely destroyed the airport and scarred the capital, prompting diplomats, foreign nationals and thousands of Libyans to flee.
The Islamist militias have been branded as “terrorists” by the country's elected parliament.
The Libyan capital's airport has been targeted by unidentified warplanes earlier on Sunday, hours after Islamist militias from the city of Misrata said they had seized the main airport.
Infographic: Libya crisis: Tensions rise as Tripoli airport seized (Design by Farwa Rizwan/ Al Arabiya News)
In recent weeks Libya has seen the worst fighting since the NATO-backed campaign to oust Muammar Qaddafi in 2011. Renegade general Khalifa Haftar has declared war on Islamist-leaning forces, part of growing anarchy in the oil producer.
Their forces claimed responsibility for air raids on Tripoli on Saturday and last Monday, targeting a group called Operation Dawn.
But this group, known as Fajr Libya, said on Saturday that it had captured Tripoli's main airport from a rival faction from Zintan in western Libya.
In the campaign to overthrow Qaddafi, fighters from Zintan and Misrata were comrades-in-arms. But they later fell out and this year have turned parts of Tripoli into a battlefield.
The news prompted the country's elected parliament to brand the Islamist militias as “terrorists.”
"The groups acting under the names of Fajr Libya (Libyan Dawn) and Ansar al-Sharia are terrorist groups and outlaws that are rising up against the legitimate powers," the parliament said in a statement issued on Saturday night.
The parliament said it was determined to deal with the challenge through its armed forces.
Early on Sunday, Islamist militiamen attacked the Tripoli studios of private television station Al-Assima which supports the Zintan nationalists and kidnapped its crew, the station said.
Al-Assima, in a news bulletin, said equipment was destroyed and the crew went missing.
Libya's neighbours and Western power worry Libya will turn into a failed state as the weak government is unable to control armed factions.
(With Associated Press, AFP and Reuters)
Last Update: Sunday, 24 August 2014 KSA 22:51 - GMT 19:51
by
You may have heard of tomatillos before—but let us stop you before your form any misconceptions. Tomatillo is not the Spanish word for tomatoes. Tomatillos, also referred to as tomates verdes, look just like green tomatoes when their husk is peeled off, but are more closely related to the gooseberry. The inside flesh of the tomatillo is whiter and meatier than a tomato. The texture is crisp more like that of an apple.
The flavor is difficult to describe, as it is a marriage of sweet, tart, and tangy. One thing is for sure: they're a staple of Mexican cuisine because they're delicious and versatile! They can be consumed either cooked or raw. The husk surrounding the tomatillo must be removed before consumption, and it is important to rinse them in water to remove the sticky surface.
Perhaps the most common Mexican dish that uses tomatillos is salsa verde, where the tomatoes are replaced by tomatillos to make a striking green salsa. The following recipe from I Want to Cook will teach you how to make a basic tomatillo salsa that can be eaten with tortilla chips or used as a topping for tacos or burritos. This salsa looks fancy but is actually simple to make and is sure to impress.
EASY TOMATILLO SALSA (Makes 2-3 servings) 4 tomatillos, husked, rinsed and chopped
3 large garlic cloves, chopped
1/4 cup cilantro, rinsed and chopped
Pinch of cayenne pepper
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1-2 ounces of lime juice
Salt and pepper to taste Step 1: Put the tomatillos and garlic in a 2-quart or larger saucepan and cook over medium-low heat for five minutes or until the tomatillos take on a darker green color. Stir often to prevent sticking. If you like your salsa spicy, add half a jalapeno or Serrano pepper. Step 2: When the tomatillos have darkened, mash with a potato masher or whirl the ingredients in a blender or food processor. Step 3: Transfer to a bowl and add the cilantro, lime juice and spices. Stir well, then taste and adjust seasonings if needed.
If your local grocery store doesn't sell tomatillos, you can find them at a specialty Mexican grocer or maybe even a farmer's market.
Still not sure about tomatillos? Come to Acapulcos Mexican Family Restaurant and try some in our delicious tomtaillo sauce yourself! We have 12 locations throughout Massachusetts and Connecticut, and serve traditional Mexican dishes in a family-friendly atmosphere. Visit us today!
The shock that gripped the shrunken peace camp following Hillary Clinton's statement that the settlement construction freeze is not what we thought it would be, but rather what Benjamin Netanyahu thought it would be, is reminiscent of other shocks generated by American peace plans ever since the 1960s.
Had the educated people of this camp not outnumbered its foot soldiers, this shock and amazement could be compared to other superstitions, like the correlation between rainfall and women's fertility.
But precisely because the Israeli intelligentsia is always coming up with prophecies about "American pressure," it would not be unreasonable to assume that we can once again expect expert regurgitation of speculations about a "first-term president" versus a "second-term" one, and about when they stop being an "incoming" president and starts being a "lame duck."
The truth is simpler. Regardless of whether there is a Democrat or a Republican in the White House, the United States became a distinctly pro-Israel world power after the 1967 war. It has no intention of being a "balanced mediator" when it comes to the conflict with the Palestinians.
Barack Obama's public relations moves in the Arab world have frightened many average Israelis. But Netanyahu and Ehud Barak, allies of the final takeover of the West Bank, know very well that U.S. policy has not changed. It doesn't take a genius to read the working papers of past prime ministers.
The prevailing attitude of all U.S. administrations was drafted by Henry Morgenthau, and was later updated by Kenneth Waltz. One line guided all of them - Dennis Ross, Martin Indyk, George Mitchell - essentially, that any possible settlement must match the positions of the stronger party.
This is how the Americans abandoned the refugee issue, and this is why they abandoned the opposition to settlements. Netanyahu is no genius.  They are simply not interested in saying good-bye to the occupation. That is all. After all, they came to power because of this. To complain about them is to complain about November rain.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The Israeli public's choice is a different matter. The spokespersons of the dovish camp tell us horror stories about a future binational state. But the binational state is already here. It has a rigid apartheid legal system, as the High Court of Justice fades away.
The system preserving this apartheid is more ruthless than that seen in South Africa, where the black were a labor force and could therefore also make a living. It is equipped with the lie of being "temporary." Occasionally, Israel's indifference comes up with allegations against the Palestinians.
Abba Eban captured the allegation by coining a phrase repeated by the doves of all parties, who never really went to battle over Israel's future and allowed the "settlement project" to spread. After all, occupation makes Israelis richer. Why oppose it?
Yaakov (Jack) Teitel is the American aid secured by moderate Israel. What Yitzhak Rabin failed to do after the massacre by the last import, Baruch Goldstein - to uproot the Jewish settlement in Hebron - will not happen now either. Shvut Rachel, Tapuah or any other such town will not be moved, nor will the smaller "illegal" outposts.
Beyond the two Palestinians whose murders were never really investigated, and past what Ami Ortiz or Professor Ze'ev Sternhell went through, Teitel is a Made-in-the-U.S.A. reminder that "no one will do for you what you fail to do for yourselves."
How to do what needs to be done? Surely, not through the rules drafted back in the 1970s, when "we" were in power and "they" were the opposition. The settlers are in power. The Shin Bet security service and Obama will not fight them.
I love it when I open a new book and find a map on the first page. To me, a map is a promise made by the author to the reader: here is the world you will enter, and these are the places you'll go. Reading through a book is made all the sweeter when you flip back to the front and realize you only saw a fraction of what that world contains.
So here's a map. Incomplete, but workable. I have some loosely defined climates colored in, but geological features, political borders, and cities and settlements are still missing. At this stage when looking at the map, I have to ask myself what came first, the map or the story?
There are plenty of stories, written and unwritten, that I can populate this world with (re: the many Birds-Eye posts). Likewise, there are numerous nooks and crannies on this strange version of Earth that are ripe with potential happenings that are simply waiting to be filled in.
That's the nice part about a map. As I compile more and more snippets of a growing world, it's good to put it all together and see how to relate in a spacial sense. Not only that, but as the network of intertwining narratives of people, countries, and the land itself grows ever more complicated, it's convenient to be able to point to a spot on a map and say "That is where This takes place."
I am by no means an expert on anything, but consider that my recommendation to writers that like to build their world as much as they like telling its' stories. Make a map, make a promise!
Today, I received my gift from my secret Santa. They sent me the coolest manatee socks and a zombie chicken squeaky toy. First of all, I absolutely love manatees and it's getting cold where I am so they are perfect!! The zombie chicken squeaky toy is the strangest thing I've ever received for Christmas. I may not be able to share it with my boys (Irwin and Moe, mutts). I would just like to say thank you so much to Stephanie T. for the amazing gifts. Have a happy holiday and a great new year.
I received another package today from my secret Santa. In the box was a Daryl Dixon vinyl figurine from Pop! Television. I am a huge Walking Dead fan so this is absolutely amazing!! I may have to get all of them now!!! Again, thank you to Stephanie T. You are an amazing Secret Santa!!!
Set aside for a moment concerns about political gridlock on Capitol Hill. Think about the actual gridlock that could await lawmakers and citizens on their way to Capitol Hill.
Earlier in March, Washington area residents learned that one of the major bridges in the city – one that carries about 70,000 vehicles a day past the iconic Lincoln Memorial to either downtown Washington or the Virginia suburbs – will have to be shut down in five years without a $250 million reconstruction. It's a federal bridge, but Republicans who control Congress so far aren't appropriating the money for the needed reconstruction.
One less bridge crossing into Washington would be devastating to a city that already ranks as the most congested in America, according to the Texas A&M Transportation Institute. It's a high-profile example of what Americans experience around the country: 58,000 bridges around the country are rated as structurally deficient, from the Brooklyn Bridge in New York City to some of the Interstate 405 bridges in Los Angeles. And it's not just bridges, as the people struggling with the consequences of decades-old lead pipes in Flint, Michigan and other communities around the country are now discovering.
In 2015 Congress passed, and President Obama signed, a bill that partially addressed the nation's need for long-term infrastructure spending. But even the most enthusiastic proponents of that bill said that the legislation barely makes a dent in what we need just to bring our transportation network up to minimum 21st-century requirements. We haven't begun to seriously tackle the water crisis so vividly unmasked by the Flint, Michigan lead fiasco, or the public investments we should be making in areas ranging from sustainable energy to high-speed Internet.
That's where the fiscal 2017 People's Budget introduced by the Congressional Progressive Caucus comes in. The People's Budget includes a bold, $1 trillion plan over 10 years to invest in the nation's infrastructure. It is the only policy proposal that comes close to the level of infrastructure investment called for by leading experts, such as the American Society of Civil Engineers.
It is also a comprehensive plan. For example, it includes $150 billion to cover the cost of replacing aging water pipes around the country. In addition to the dangers posed by lead pipes that are still being used even though they have been outlawed in new construction since the 1990s, there's the reality of costly water main breaks. (One industry source calculates that there are on average around the country 850 water main breaks every single day, running up repair costs of $3 billion a year.)
An additional $150 billion would be invested to upgrade the nation's energy grid to better accommodate renewable energy sources, such as solar panels on residences that can feed energy into the power grid during the day. In transportation, the People's Budget would steer more dollars to address the increased demand for public transportation, bikeways and walkways in reviving urban areas, as well as reverse the nonsensical opposition from conservatives to building out high-speed intercity rail.
The budget anticipates that this plan would create 3.6 million new jobs. Even though right now the national unemployment rate is officially 4.9 percent, the nation is still 1.6 million jobs below what it would have been had the job market not been devastated by the 2008 Wall Street crash, according to The Hamilton Project.
But that's not the only reason this job-creation plan is important. There are broad disparities, by race and region, in unemployment. African-American unemployment was above 10 percent in at least 22 states around the country in 2015; in Connecticut, Iowa, Minnesota, Nevada and the District of Columbia, black unemployment rates were above 13 percent. There are also 35 metropolitan areas in the United States with unemployment rates of at least 7 percent or higher in states that include California, Arizona, New Jersey, Washington and Illinois. These pockets of high unemployment still left behind by the economic recovery years after it began will not rise on their own; they need a national commitment to rebuild America that is designed to give them the extra boost they need.
Fortunately, it's not difficult to imagine how an infrastructure program of this scale and breadth could put the people left behind at the head of the line. That can happen through such projects as high-speed rail in California, solar installations in Arizona and the Sunbelt, bus and rail car manufacturing in the Midwest and water pipe replacement projects in Northeast cities.
Another reason to push for this infrastructure investment in the People's Budget is as an insurance policy against what could be a looming global recession. Austerity policies imposed by a Republican-controlled Congress demonstrably slowed growth in the United States below what it would have otherwise been, But what we experienced in the U.S. is nothing compared to the stagnation experienced in European countries that took the counsel of their conservative and corporatist factions and cut government spending instead of making investments that would have led to a more financially secure working class. Now the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development last month urged the world's largest economic powers to use their ability “to borrow for long periods at low interest rates” to increase spending in order “to strengthen demand” in the face of signs of a global economic slowdown.
That's a warning that is not being heeded by the Republican presidential candidates and by the Republican leadership in Congress. They are all united in a pledge to double down in 2017 and beyond on a combination of spending cuts on everything but military spending, and tax cuts mainly directed at corporations and the wealthy. In the face of a recession, taking government demand out of the economy is a recipe for economic catastrophe.
That's why the spending plan advanced in the People's Budget needs to be a core issue in the 2016 election campaign. It is true that this budget has no realistic chance for passage in a Republican Congress. But this isn't simply about a short-term budget fight. This is about whether we have a president and an electorate united in moving forward a sane economic platform that will strengthen the American economy in the uncertain years ahead, or if we will allow the ideologues and big-money interests to succeed in taking the wheels of the American economy and driving us all off a cliff. Yes, the People's Budget is audacious. But that's only because in these times, given how much more ground working people must make up to compensate for decades of economic inequity, we need audacious solutions, along with a grassroots movement to encourage a corresponding level of audacity from our next president.
To help build that movement, sign on as a citizen co-sponsor of the People's Budget. The Campaign for America's Future has joined a coalition of organizations seeking to recruit hundreds of thousands of citizen co-sponsors. That would send a clear message to House Democrats that they should unite behind this budget when it comes up for a vote later this month, and to House Republicans that there is no broad mandate for their bankrupt policies.
VANCOUVER (Reuters) - British Columbia Premier Christy Clark, campaigning one week before an election, said on Tuesday their ruling Liberal party will apply a levy on thermal coal exports from the Canadian province if it is re-elected and the federal government does not ban exports.
FILE PHOTO: British Columbia Premier Christy Clark takes part in a news conference during the First Ministers' meeting in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, December 9, 2016. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
Clark, whose Liberal party is neck-and-neck with the opposition New Democratic Party in polls ahead of a May 9 election, last week called on Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to ban thermal coal exports through British Columbia.
The move is in retaliation against the United States for slapping duties on Canadian softwood lumber. A handful of U.S. miners ship coal through B.C. ports. Meanwhile, British Columbia is Canada's largest producer of softwood lumber, and last year exported C$4.6 billion ($3.35 billion) worth to the United States.
If the Canadian government does not ban exports, a re-elected B.C. Liberal government would develop regulations to levy a carbon price on all thermal coal shipped through B.C. ports, Clark said in a statement.
The levy will reflect the greenhouse gas emissions caused by the coal's extraction, processing, transportation and combustion, they said in a statement.
A coal levy, which would be the world's first greenhouse gas benchmark for thermal coal according to the Liberals, would make it uncompetitive to ship thermal coal through B.C. ports, Clark said.
Between 70-90 percent of coal produced in B.C. is metallurgical, or steel-making coal, not thermal coal, which is burned for heat to produce electricity.
U.S.-based Cloud Peak Energy would be the biggest U.S. coal producer affected by a B.C. export ban or levy, Jefferies analyst Christopher LaFemina said in an April 28 note to clients.
Cloud Peak's shares were 12.5 cents firmer at $3.65 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday afternoon. Its stock had dropped nearly 21 percent to as low as $3.10 after Clark proposed a coal ban last week.
U.S. coal is railed to B.C. ports by Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corp, a railroad owned by Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
B.C. environmental groups have called on the government for years to ban thermal coal exports, saying it is a dirty source of energy.
Some 38 percent of decided voters back the B.C. Liberals compared to 37 percent for the NDP, according to the latest Justason Market Intelligence poll.
($1 = 1.3720 Canadian dollars)
Last week and the week before, EPO, DOPING and the UTMB was the hot topic after Gonzalo Callisto's positive test. Everyone was talking about it… this week it's all gone quiet. That can't happen! You can catch up on my posts below.
Post 1 UTMB faces positive EPO test HERE
Post 2 Michel Poletti HERE
Post 3 IAAF HERE
Post 4 Update IAAF and Catherine Poletti HERE
Post 5 Gonzalo Calisto statement HERE
Post 6 ITRA statement HERE
There are far too many questions unanswered, there are far too many people being quiet and if we want to eradicate doping from Mountain, Ultra and Trail running – we need to keep talking and discussing.
I was approached by Outside Magazine and they asked me a few questions. I am pretty sure that what gets used or published will be an edited version and with that in mind here are my thoughts, un-edited.
In light of the latest news from UTMB, what you think this positive test means for the sport?
One has to embrace the positive test as a good thing as it confirms that preventative measures against doping are working. This positive was an ‘in competition' test which only confirms the need for out of competition testing and blood passports. Of course, the answer is always that testing is too expensive. We have to act now and be proactive. I don't have the answers but I do feel that we could start to address certain issues that would help. Maybe it's time that we ask (for example) the top 100 male and top 50 female runners as listed on ITRA to pay for a regular medical? Sage Canaday recently released a full report on their medical status to ‘prove' they are clean; that's a good thing! (See below). Athletes of course may well say that they can't afford it but this is where sponsors come in maybe? We cannot keep making excuses as to why we can't but find ways to make sure we can! We are at the very early stages of doping in our sport and if we don't act now it will only become worse and God forbid, we could end up like cycling or athletics.
Do you think doping is really becoming something to worry about, or is this a case of an outlier?
We need to worry, yes! This is not the first positive test, it maybe a high profile conviction, but it would be foolish to think that this is an isolated incident.
Are people starting to talk about doping more in ultarunning than before? Or maybe a better way of asking this is how are the athletes you know, talking about this subject and what it means for the sport?
I certainly have witnessed more discussion about doping and of course this was highlighted at the end of 2015 at San Francisco 50. This was a moment when the sport really looked at itself and many questions were asked. It actually became quite nasty at times and I think a sense of perspective was lost. For example, WMRA (World Mountain Running Association) and Skyrunning have been testing athletes for many years. They have very much paved the way but they acknowledge they can only do so much. In competition testing costs 1000's of euros or dollars for one event and of course, only urine can be tested. Many say it takes an idiot to to be caught ‘in competition' but it happens. I go back to blood passports – we really need them for elite, professional and sponsored runners. Some races do not have a ‘PED' policy and San Francisco highlighted the need for races and RD's to address this in the rules of the race. Western States for example has re-written its race rules to say that any runner who has had a positive conviction cannot race. Many runners have asked for a lifetime ban for any positive test and they have been vocal about this. I personally am reluctant to go down this route… I do believe that mistakes can happen in drug testing but I am not an expert. This creates a whole new debate and raises questions about the lasting effects of a doping program. For example, we used to have two positive tests and out, I liked that but apparently that has been deemed unfair?
Are people starting to test more for doping than in previous years? What has this looked like?
As mentioned previously, WMRA and Skyrunning have been testing for many years but not at all events. Skyrunning for example had its World Championships in Spain in July, they had three events, VK, SKY and ULTRA and WADA performed tests at all three race distances. The problem comes, once again with cost. At the Skyrunning World Championships, 12 athletes were tested. The make and female winner in each category (making 6) and then 6random tests. Let's assume testing at an event is $10,000 – who pays? Do we add a surcharge on every runners entry fee? Does that race find a sponsor to cover the cost? Do we rely on a wealthy donor or do we approach all the major brands in the sport and say, you must pay! It's a complex matter and this is why doping control is a rarity in contrast to the norm. Let's look at races such as Speedgoat 50k, Run Rabbit Run and San Francisco 50 – these races have some substantial prize money, in some scenarios it could mean a pay check of $10,000+ for a win. Yet nobody has any idea if the winner is clean? Moving away from trail running and looking at ultra road running, Comrades in South Africa has huge prize money and it has a very chequered past with doping: Max King, Ellie Greenwood, Sage Canaday and Michael Wardian (amongst others) have all witnessed the impact of it first hand.
What is your own experience with testing?
I attend races as a photographer and a journalist so in reality, I have little experience of the drug testing process. However, I am a media partner for Skyrunning and I have been present and seen the processes undertaken at several major events where doping control has been in place by WADA. For example, I was at the Skyrunning World Champions on July, 22, 23rd and 24th. I also experienced doping control at Limone Extreme in 2015 and Mont-Blanc 80k in 2014 amongst others.
Do you think the tests, or the conversation about doping in general in ultras is lacking? What could be done better?
Certainly the positive test of Gonzalo Calisto has raised some major flaws in the communication process. I have done extensive research over the last weeks and my conclusions have been quite worrying. I will elaborate:
Gonzalo Calisto was tested after placing 5th at UTMB by French drug control – AFLD In August 2015.
AFLD have a written policy that a positive test is given to (in this case) the runner within three weeks.
The runner is then entitled to appeal and ask for a B sample test.
This process can then go backwards and forwards for several weeks and in this scenario (as I understand it) months. Don't get me wrong, the runner has rights and it's only fair that they or they have every opportunity to clear theirs or them name.
In June 2016 the IAAF released its current banned list.
On July 18/19th British Ultrarunner Robbie Britton noticed that Gonzalo Calisto was convicted of EPO and banned till March 2017.
I picked up the case and contacted UTWT and UTMB directly and asked were they aware of this conviction? I later found out, no!
Within 12 hours, UTMB released a press release disqualifying Gonzalo Calisto of doping.
The above raised so many questions for me:
1. How was it possible that Gonzalo Calisto had tested positive but UTMB did not know? 2. Why was their period of exclusion dated till March 2017 when they had been tested in August 2015? 3. Why had the IAAF only published this in June 2016?
I asked questions of the UTMB and the IAAF. In both scenarios they were both helpful.
1. To cut a long story short it would appear that when an athlete is tested positive, the testing control, in this scenario AFLD, are not required to inform the race. REALLY? A race has a runner place 5th, the runner is tested, the runner is found guilty, due process is run and then a positive is confirmed and a sanction is put in place without the race being told…. C'mon that HAS to change! Had it not been for the eagle eyes of Robbie Britton and me grabbing the bull by the horns, nobody ‘may' have known? 2. IAAF explained the ‘due process' to me and although they were not able to supply specifics, they did say that these things can often take much longer than we would all like and that 6 months is not unusual. Considering Calisto was tested on the last day of August, that potentially could take us to February or March the following year. 3. The IAAF then confirmed that an error had been made! As I pointed out to them, why was Calisto banned till March 2017? The answer: Calisto's ban and records were amended from a memo dated March 2016 and it was therefore human error. Calisto's ban dates actually run from March 2016 to March 2018. This coincided with point 2 above and a lengthy due process where one assumes Calisto tried to clear their name. 4. From the March conviction, Calisto's records then entered the IAAF system and their conviction was uploaded to the ‘sanctioned athletes' list in June 2016. 5. The IAAF confirmed to me that AFLD did not have to notify UTMB of a conviction but they would look into it? So, for UTMB to be aware that an athlete had cheated at a previous edition of their race it would appear that the only option open to them is to check daily on the IAAF website for any additions to the sanctioned athlete list. I could go on…
Why do you think the sport has stayed clean for so long, and what might be changing that would compel people to cheat?
The sport hasn't been clean for so long. That is a naive viewpoint. Doping has existed in trail running for ages but if you don't have testing or a blood passport, how would you know that…? I like to use an example and I must be clear here, I don't doubt the integrity of the runner I use as an example. Karl Meltzer, my co-host for Talk Ultra podcast has won more 100 mile races than anyone. They have even won Run Rabbit Run and they took home $10,000+ They have been running ULTRA's for 20+ years. You know how many times they have been tested for PED use? NEVER. Need I say more… This is why our sport has bean ‘clean' for so long, no testing!
For the most part it seems like the conversation around doping in ultras is relatively new, and also that cheating might be a new thing too. Do you think there's a chance for race directors, athletes, etc. to get out in front of this and keep the sport clean before it becomes the kind of large-scale issue it is in some other sports?
The Calisto case has raised eyebrows, we need to latch on to that momentum and we need to consider many of my points above but let's be clear, Calisto is not the first!
On a final note we need to keep this discussion open, we need to keep asking questions and we need to find answers and solutions. It's too easy to say it's too expensive, too difficult and so on. We could start by:
Blood passports for runners
Regular in and out of competition testing
Positive results MUST be sent to a race or RD as soon as possible if a positive test came from a race.
IAAF need to find a way to communicate ‘new' sanctioned athletes to the relevant sport discipline. This is where ITRA or maybe an athlete commission could be set up.
We, as runners, journalists, sponsors and so on must be loud and clear that doping is not welcome and we must do all we can to work together. In the Calisto case I have still not seen or heard any public statement from their sponsors, Movistar and Compressport. Compressport did contact me to say that they were ‘looking into it!' What does that mean…? They also said that Callisto's sponsorship with Compressport was with a local distributor and not the International division. As far as I am concerned, local or International, Calisto is still representing a brand and that brand gains attention. And also what about the races that Calisto has run and placed in in post August 2015? The IAAF now confirms the suspension dates back to that time and until March 2018. Not one word, not one public statement from any race that I have seen… do these races condone doping? What about the runners who placed top 5 or top 10 only to loose a place… come on, speak up!
Update August 12th and Compressport respond
A great place to start is here, Sage Canaday has just recently posted their results online for all to see. Let's lead by example!
I welcome your thoughts!
