Here`s the line score on Bo Jackson`s return Sunday to the city where they play baseball: 3 runs, 1 hit and more errors than anyone thought possible.
Unfortunately, the sport was football, and Jackson`s highly publicized homecoming as a member of the Los Angeles Raiders turned into one of the longest afternoons of the season before the Kansas City Chiefs won 16-10.
The 63,834 fans in Arrowhead Stadium, the largest crowd to attend a Chiefs`
home game in December since 1973, got to see Jackson run with the football only three times and catch one pass before they left in the second quarter with a sprained ankle, an injury practically no one saw happen.
''It`s very frustrating,'' said Jackson, who gained one yard on the ground and four in the air. ''I came here to have a good time. The little time I was on the field, I felt great. I haven`t left a game like this since I tore up a shoulder when I was a junior in college.''
Jackson said they twisted their ankle on the game`s first play, when they tried to make a cut on a sweep and was tackled by defensive end Mike Bell for no gain. They aggravated it on the Raiders` second possession in a pileup. Kansas City tackle Bill Maas, who had sacked quarterback Marc Wilson, apparently landed on Jackson.
''I don`t care if it was Bo Jackson or Bo Diddley because I was just trying to get to the quarterback,'' Maas said. ''I don`t know what happened to him, but I didn`t roll on top of him.''
Jackson left the game midway in the first quarter for X-rays, which showed no break. They returned for the start of the second quarter, lost one yard on a pitch play from Wilson and left for good.
Robbed of the main attraction in a game that pitted teams with a combined record of 7-17, the crowd got ugly in what Kansas City linebacker Jack Del Rio labeled ''a tasteless lack of class.''
More than a dozen baseballs rained down on the field from the upper decks at various times, endangering players as well as fans below them and others on the sideline. One Raider threw a baseball back into the stands.
Dozens of banners were strung across the upper decks, with some of the more obscene ones removed by security forces. The majority indicated that Jackson, a budding slugger last season as a Royals rookie outfielder, was a
''T-Raider'' playing for the Chiefs` most hated rival.
''This game was special to me,'' Jackson said. ''Not just for me, but for other people, too. To have a city root against you, well, I can`t say it`s nice, but it`s an experience.''
Some of Jackson`s teammates from the Royals were on hand, and third baseman George Brett came from California just to see the homecoming. Football Hall-of-Famer O.J. Simpson came with the Raiders on their chartered airplane. The Chiefs were upset that Jackson caused such a commotion.
''Knowing there would be a big crowd was a big motivator,'' said linebacker Dino Hackett. ''I know two or three times this week I got tingly just thinking about them and all the publicity they were getting.''
''I was really disappointed,'' Del Rio said, referring to the large turnout. ''All we heard all week was come to the game to see Bo and wear your Royal Blue. In the end, it was just another Raider-Chiefs game.''
As such, it was brutal. There was one brawl and a half-dozen individual skirmishes. When Chiefs wide receiver Carlos Carson caught a 67-yard touchdown pass from Bill Kenney, they stopped their sprint at the 3-yard line to turn around and taunt pursuers before stepping across the goal line.
Carson`s touchdown was the highlight for the Chiefs` offense. Their biggest gainer on the ground was a 16-yard scramble by punter Kelly Goodburn. There were 24 penalties; the Raiders had 14 for 140 yards, almost 60 more than they gained with their ground game after Jackson`s exit. There were seven fumbles and four interceptions.
The Raiders gained 400 yards but scored only 10 points.
''This game was small consolation for the season,'' Del Rio said. ''I mean, we`ve won three times and we`ve just had a terrible year. I`m not going to go home and drink champagne.''
At the very least, nobody cried ''let`s play two.''
The property owner of Rich's Nightclub, the Midtown dance club about to celebrate its 29th anniversary this fall, has locked out their tenants, who had been running the club since October 2011, and terminated their lease.
Nassim Joseph Jr., Managing Member of 2401 San Jacinto, LLC, confirmed to Rocks Off that they were now seeking new management for the club, saying the previous tenants had defaulted on their lease. The above photos, which say that Rich's is in default and has been locked out, were sent to Rocks Off by Shea Serrano, the now-former Nightfly columnist whose final column ran this week. (They were sent to them by someone who saw the notices in the window and asked to remain anonymous.)
Joseph said that their tenants, whom they declined to name, were "operating inappropriately."
Wendell Oliver Scott (August 29, 1921 – December 23, 1990) was an American stock car racing driver. They were one of the first African-American drivers in NASCAR, and the first African-American to win a race in the Grand National Series, NASCAR's highest level.
Scott began their racing career in local circuits and attained their NASCAR license in around 1953, making them the first African-American ever to compete in NASCAR.[1] They debuted in the Grand National Series on March 4, 1961, in Spartanburg, South Carolina.[2] On December 1, 1963, they won a Grand National Series race at Speedway Park in Jacksonville, Florida, becoming the first black driver to win a race at NASCAR's premier level.[3] Scott's career was repeatedly affected by racial prejudice and problems with top-level NASCAR officials. However, their determined struggle as an underdog won them thousands of white fans and many friends and admirers among their fellow racers.[4] They were posthumously inducted into the NASCAR Hall of Fame in 2015.[5][6]
Background [ edit ]
Scott was born in Danville, Virginia. From boyhood, they wanted to be their own boss. In Danville, two industries dominated the local economy: cotton mills and tobacco-processing plants. Scott vowed to avoid that sort of boss-dominated life. "That mill's too much like a prison," they told a friend. "You go in and they lock a gate behind you and you can't get out until you've done your time." (This quotation and those that follow are from Hard Driving.) They began learning auto mechanics from their father, who worked as a driver and mechanic for two well-to-do white families. Scott and their sister Guelda were awed by their father's daring behind the wheel. "He frightened people to death," Guelda said. "They say he'd come through town just about touching the ground. After Scott started racing, all the old people would say the same thing: 'He's just like their daddy.'" Scott raced bicycles against white boys. In their neighborhood, they said, "I was the only black boy that had a bicycle." They became a daredevil on roller skates, speeding down Danville's steep hills on one skate. They dropped out of high school, became a taxi driver, married Mary Coles and served in the segregated Army in Europe during World War II.
After the war, they ran an auto-repair shop. As a sideline, they took up the dangerous, illegal pursuit of running moonshine whiskey. This trade gave quite a few early stock car racers such as Junior Johnson and Big Bill France their education in building fast cars and outrunning the police. The police caught Scott only once, in 1949. Sentenced to three years probation, they continued making their late-night whiskey runs. On weekends, they would go to the stock car races in Danville.
Racing career [ edit ]
Scott was around thirty years old when they were sitting in the bleachers of local speedways, watching white men race. Up to then, they had lived their whole life under rules of segregation.
The Danville races were run by the Dixie Circuit, one of several regional racing organizations that competed with NASCAR during that era. Danville's events always made less money than the Dixie Circuit's races at other tracks. "We were a tobacco and textile town – people didn't have the money to spend," said Aubrey Ferrell, one of the organizers. The officials decided they would try an unusual, and unprecedented, promotional gimmick: They would recruit a Negro driver.
The next day, however, brought the first of many episodes of discrimination that would plague their racing career. Scott repaired their car with the help of a black mechanic, Hiram Kincaid, who previously worked with Ned Jarrett, and lived in North Carolina and towed it to a NASCAR-sanctioned race in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. But the NASCAR officials refused to let them compete. Black drivers were not allowed, they said. As they drove home, Scott recalled, "I had tears in my eyes." A few days later they went to another NASCAR event in High Point, North Carolina. Again, Scott said, the officials "just flat told me I couldn't race. They told me I could let a white boy drive my car. I told 'em weren't any damn white boy going to drive my car." Scott decided to avoid NASCAR for the time being and race with the Dixie Circuit and at other non-NASCAR speedways. They won their first race at Lynchburg, Virginia, only twelve days into their racing career. It was just a short heat race in the amateur class, but for Scott, the victory was like a barb on a hook. They knew that they had found their calling.
They ran as many as five events a week, mostly at Virginia tracks. Some spectators would shout racial slurs, but many others began rooting for him. Some prejudiced drivers would wreck them deliberately. They "just hammered on Wendell," former chief NASCAR photographer T. Taylor Warren said. "They figured they aren't going to retaliate." And they were right—Scott felt that because of the racial atmosphere, they could not risk becoming involved in the fist-fights and dirty-driving paybacks that frequently took place among the white drivers.[7]
Many other drivers, however, came to respect Scott. They saw their skills as a mechanic and driver, and they liked their quiet, uncomplaining manner. They saw them as someone similar to themselves, another hard-working blue-collar guy swept up in the adrenaline rush of racing, not somebody trying to make a racial point. "He was a racer – you could look at somebody and tell whether they were a racer or not," said driver Rodney Ligon, who was also a moonshine runner. "Didn't anybody send them [to the track] to represent their race – they come down because they wanted to drive a damn racecar." Some white drivers became their close friends and also occasionally acted as their bodyguards.
Some Southern newspapers began writing positive stories about Scott's performance. They began the 1953 season on the northern Virginia circuit, for example, by winning a feature race in Staunton. Then they tied the Waynesboro qualifying record. A week later they won the Waynesboro feature, after placing first in their heat race and setting a new qualifying record. The Waynesboro News Virginian reported that Scott had become "recognized as one of the most popular drivers to appear here." The Staunton News Leader said they "has been among the top drivers in every race here."
Scott understood, though, that to rise in the sport, they somehow had to gain admission to the all-white ranks of NASCAR. They did not know NASCAR's celebrated founder and president, Bill France, who ran the organization like a czar. Instead, Scott found a way, essentially, to slip into NASCAR through a side door, without the knowledge or consent of anyone at NASCAR's Daytona Beach headquarters. They towed their racecar to a local NASCAR event at the old Richmond Speedway, a quarter-mile dirt oval, and asked the flight attendant, Mike Poston, to grant them a NASCAR license. Poston, a part-timer, was not a powerful figure in NASCAR's hierarchy, but they did have the authority to issue licenses.
They asked Scott if they knew what they were getting into. "I told them we've never had any black drivers, and you're going to be knocked around," Poston said. "He said, 'I can take it.'" Poston approved Scott's license. Later they confided to Scott that officials at NASCAR headquarters had not been pleased with their decision. "He told me that when they found out at Daytona Beach that they had signed me up, they raised hell with him," Scott said.
Scott met Bill France for the first time in April 1954. The night before, Scott said, the promoter at a NASCAR event in Raleigh, North Carolina, had given gas money to all of the white drivers who came to the track but refused to pay Scott anything. Scott said they approached France in the pits at the Lynchburg speedway and told them what had happened. Even though France and the Raleigh promoter were friends, Scott said France immediately pulled some money out of their pocket and assured Scott that NASCAR would never treat them with prejudice. "He let me know my color didn't have anything to do with anything," Scott said. "He said, 'You're a NASCAR member, and as of now you will always be treated as a NASCAR member.' And instead of giving me fifteen dollars, they reached in their pocket and gave me thirty dollars."
Scott won dozens of races during their nine years in regional-level competition. Their driving talent, their skill as a mechanic and their hard work earned them the admiration of thousands of white fans and many of their fellow racers, despite the racial prejudice that was widespread during the 1950s. In 1959 they won two championships. NASCAR awarded them the championship title for drivers of sportsman-class stock cars in the state of Virginia, and they also won the track championship in the sportsman class at Richmond's Southside Speedway. Even at this early stage of their racing, Scott would tell friends privately that their goal was to win races at the top level of NASCAR. For the rest of their career they would pursue a dream whose fulfillment depended heavily upon whether France backed up that promise.[8]
In 1961, they moved up to the Grand National division (now known as the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series). In the 1963 season, they finished 15th in points, and on December 1 of that year, driving a Chevrolet Bel Air that they purchased from Ned Jarrett, they won a race on the half-mile dirt track at Speedway Park in Jacksonville, Florida—the first (and, to date, only) Grand National event won by an African-American (Darrell Wallace Jr. recently became the second African-American driver in NASCAR's top 3 series to win with their 2013 Kroger 200 win at Martinsville). Scott passed Richard Petty, who was driving an ailing car, with 25 laps remaining for the win. Scott was not announced as the winner of the race at the time, presumably due to the racist culture of the time. Buck Baker, the second-place driver, was initially declared the winner, but race officials discovered two hours later that Scott had not only won, but was two laps in front of the rest of the field.[9] NASCAR awarded Scott the win two years later, but their family never actually received the trophy they had earned until 2010–47 years after the race, and 20 years after Scott had died.[3][10]
They continued to be a competitive driver despite their low-budget operation through the rest of the 1960s. In 1964, Scott finished 12th in points despite missing several races. Over the next five years, Scott consistently finished in the top ten in the point standings. They finished 11th in points in 1965, was a career-high 6th in 1966, 10th in 1967, and finished 9th in both 1968 and 1969. Their top year in winnings was 1969 when they won $47,451.[11]
Scott was forced to retire due to injuries from a racing accident at Talladega, Alabama in 1973. They achieved one win and 147 top ten finishes in 495 career Grand National starts.
Scott died on December 23, 1990 in Danville, Virginia, having suffered from spinal cancer.[12]
Legacy [ edit ]
Greased Lightning on display at the NASCAR Hall of Fame A 1962 Chevrolet built by Scott for the movieon display at the NASCAR Hall of Fame
The film Greased Lightning, starring Richard Pryor as Scott, was loosely based on Scott's biography.
Mojo Nixon, a fellow Danville native, wrote a tribute song titled "The Ballad of Wendell Scott", which appears on Nixon and Skid Roper's 1986 album, Frenzy.
Inducted as a member of the 2000 class of The Virginia Sports Hall of Fame and Museum located in Portsmouth, VA.[13]
Scott has a street named after them in their hometown of Danville.
Only seven other African-American drivers are known to have started at least one race in what is now the Monster Energy Cup Series: Elias Bowie, Charlie Scott, George Wiltshire, Randy Bethea, Willy T. Ribbs, Bill Lester, in 2006), and most recently Darrell Wallace Jr, in 2017.[citation needed] As of the completion of the 2018, these drivers combined have made a total of 47 starts at NASCAR's premier level, currently known as the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. Darrell (Bubba) Wallace Jr. makes up 40 of the 47 starts. Bubba Wallace is still an active driver for the 2019 NASCAR season. [14]
As reported in the Washington Post, filmmaker John W. Warner began directing a documentary about Scott, titled The Wendell Scott Story, which was to be released in 2003 with narration by the filmmaker's father, former U.S. Senator John Warner but instead Warner created a four set DVD entitled American Stock: The Golden Era of NASCAR: 1936-to-1971 which documents many racers including Scott.[15] The film included interviews with fellow race-car drivers, including Richard Petty. American Stock: The Golden Era of NASCAR: 1936-to-1971 is not listed on the Internet Movie Database (IMDb).
Scott is prominently featured in the 1975 book The World's Number One, Flat-Out, All-Time Great Stock Car Racing Book, written by Jerry Bledsoe.
In April 2012, Scott was nominated for inclusion in the NASCAR Hall of Fame,[16] and was selected for induction in the 2015 class, in May 2014.[17] In January 2013, Scott was awarded their own historical marker in Danville, Virginia. The marker's statement will be “Persevering over prejudice and discrimination, Scott broke racial barriers in NASCAR, with a 13-year career that included 20 top five and 147 top ten finishes.”[18]
Wendell was Inducted into the NASCAR Hall of Fame on January 30, 2015.
A fictionalized version of Wendell early in their career in 1955 was featured heavily on Timeless episode 2, season 2. Portrayed by Joseph Lee Anderson, Wendell's history as a smuggler, mechanical and driving ability, perseverance, and past and future injustices due to racial discrimination were major themes of the episode.[19]
Motorsports career results [ edit ]
NASCAR [ edit ]
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Grand National Series [ edit ]
Winston Cup Series [ edit ]
Daytona 500 [ edit ]
Facebook ++ - The Facebook tweak that brings back the In-App Messenger, updated sharing features, gives you control to see "most recent" feeds, download videos and much more.
Facebook ++ is a fully featured tweak that allows you to modify almost all aspects of the Facebook app right from within the app.
Facebook ++ has been built to let you experience the Facebook app your way, without having to follow the rules that Facebook lays out for you. Feature List below:
In App Messenger Enhancements
Use In App Messenger - Facebook++ no longer forces you to use/download their separate messenger app to chat. Allows you to get chat heads back.
- Facebook++ no longer forces you to use/download their separate messenger app to chat. Allows you to get chat heads back. Use Timestamp for Every Message - By default, Facebook just shows time stamp for the most recent message, this will keep timestamps visible for all messages.
- By default, Facebook just shows time stamp for the most recent message, this will keep timestamps visible for all messages. Send Unlimited Photos - Facebook allows you to send up to 6 photos and pictures via messages. This removes that limit.
- Facebook allows you to send up to 6 photos and pictures via messages. This removes that limit. Disable VoIP - Facebook added VoIP to Messenger. It can use up a lot of battery life. This disables VoIP to save your battery.
Feed Enhancements
Copy videos to Clipboard (to paste/send later) or Save/Download to albums
Recent Feed allows you to see most recent posts instead of popular.
allows you to see most recent posts instead of popular. Moved all settings into Facebook app, not the system settings.
Security Settings
Set Passcode - Enables a 4-digit code to access Facebook on startup. Also allows you to enable Touch ID to secure Facebook.
Facebook Enhancements
Enhanced Sharing of web articles - Share with FB++ is now an option when reading articles that you clicked on in Facebook that include enhanced sharing features.
- Share with FB++ is now an option when reading articles that you clicked on in Facebook that include enhanced sharing features. Hide Facebook App Tab Labels - Hides the top search and 'Status', 'Photo' and 'Check In' tabs. Gets overridden buy 'Full Screen Mode'
- Hides the top search and 'Status', 'Photo' and 'Check In' tabs. Gets overridden buy 'Full Screen Mode' Disable Video Auto Play - By default, Facebook will play videos. This option allows you to turn off the autoplay saving you data and bandwidth.
- By default, Facebook will play videos. This option allows you to turn off the autoplay saving you data and bandwidth. Full Screen Mode - Hides everything while scrolling through the feed. Overrides the 'Hide Facebook App Tab Labels'
- Hides everything while scrolling through the feed. Overrides the 'Hide Facebook App Tab Labels' Graph Search - Enables the experimental but powerful Graph Search.
- Enables the experimental but powerful Graph Search. Show Video Download Button - You're now able to copy or save videos from your news feed. This shows the button on the bottom right of each video.
- You're now able to copy or save videos from your news feed. This shows the button on the bottom right of each video. Employee Settings - This enables a TON of additional very technical options. When enabled, it shows the 'Internal Settings' options at the very bottom of the Facebook settings tab.
- This enables a TON of additional very technical options. When enabled, it shows the 'Internal Settings' options at the very bottom of the Facebook settings tab. Sidebar Navigator - Re-enables the classic sidebar options navigator that Facebook took out.
- Re-enables the classic sidebar options navigator that Facebook took out. Top Bar Options - Adds 'Friends Requests', 'Chat' and 'Notifications' to the top bar
To support our development of Facebook ++ as a free product, we've set it up to display ads near the bottom of your Facebook app. If you want to remove the ads you can tweet from the app for a 2 week removal or donate $2 for a lifetime license. Thanks for your support!
See larger Screenshots below..
A Baltimore City Council committee unanimously backed legislation Thursday that would provide $2,500 in tax credits to law enforcement officers who choose to live in Baltimore.
The legislation — designed to lure more police, firefighters and sheriff's deputies to the city — now advances to the full City Council for a vote. The committee amended the bill to automatically expire after 10 years.
“This is a great tool to get more police officers in the city,” said Councilman Eric T. Costello, lead sponsor of the legislation. “It's about making sure they're invested in the city. It's a great tool for recruitment and retention.”
Costello, along with council members Sharon Green Middleton, Leon F. Pinkett III and Robert Stokes Sr., voted for the bill. Councilman Edward Reisinger left the meeting before the vote.
Before voting in favor of the bill, members of the council's Taxation, Finance and Economic Development Committee reviewed numbers from the city's Finance Department that underscored the problem the bill seeks to address.
Of nearly 3,000 Baltimore Police Department employees, fewer than 500 live in the city, the research showed. Of more than 1,400 Fire Department employees, fewer than 300 live in Baltimore.
Seeing these numbers, City Council President Bernard C. “Jack” Young — a sponsor of the tax credit bill — reacted angrily, and asked the city Law Department to consider legislation forcing police officers to live in Baltimore.
“We need to figure out how we can force them to live in the city. This is madness,” Young said. “They have the nerve to vote to not sign the contract? They're raping the city.”
Afterwards, Young said they regretted a “poor choice of words,” but stood by their point that so many officers living outside of Baltimore is bad for city finances.
Taxpayer-funded salaries, pensions and worker's compensation payments are bolstering the budgets of the suburbs and even other states, instead of the city, which often faces budget deficits, they argued.
Gene Ryan, the president of the Baltimore police union, called Young's remarks “an outrageous, flippant comment.”
“How in the world can they compare an officer who puts their lives on the line to a rapist?” Ryan said. “How in the world do they have the gall to say that? These officers, no matter where they live, put their lives on the line every day. People forget we're the only thing stopping this city from falling into chaos.”
Ryan said there are many reasons some officers choose not to live in Baltimore, including preferring public schools in surrounding counties and wanting to avoid people they've arrested or investigated.
“The No. 1 complaint I get is the school system,” Ryan said.
They said they believed the tax credits could encourage more officers to want to move in.
“We want our officers to be part of the community,” Ryan said. “The stress between the community and the police officers is they just don't get a chance to get to know each other. We need some more interaction. Giving the police offices the incentive to move in is obviously a positive thing.”
The Finance Department said the tax credits could cost between $1.1 million and $2.2 million annually in lost tax revenue.
Several prominent Baltimore groups hailed the committee's vote.
The pro-business Greater Baltimore Committee argued that enticing more police to live in Baltimore could improve relationships with the community and increase public safety.
“Incentivizing police officers and other public safety professionals to live in the communities where they work is a good step forward and could go a long way toward fixing the damaged relationship that exists,” said Donald C. Fry, president of the GBC.
Annie Milli, director of Live Baltimore, said their organization has long tried to entice more officers to live in Baltimore.
“This property tax credit will round out a package of incentives for our first responders, also including the $5,000 down payment and closing-cost program already available through the city,” they said. “This credit is really about removing barriers to residency for public safety officers. It reduces officers' abilities to say 'why not' and gives them another reason to consider our neighborhoods.”
The measure has the backing of Mayor Catherine Pugh, who as a state senator sponsored 2016 state legislation that authorized the city to offer the tax credit.
The property tax rate in Baltimore is more than twice that in some surrounding counties, making even similarly priced houses much more expensive to own.
CAPTION Anton Black's family speaks about “Anton's Law,” named after Anton Black, who died in law enforcement custody on Maryland's Eastern Shore. (Luke Broadwater, Baltimore Sun video) Anton Black's family speaks about “Anton's Law,” named after Anton Black, who died in law enforcement custody on Maryland's Eastern Shore. (Luke Broadwater, Baltimore Sun video) CAPTION Baltimore County Executive Johnny Olszewski Jr. launches a task force to look into sexual assault investigation in the county. (Alison Knezevich, Baltimore Sun video) Baltimore County Executive Johnny Olszewski Jr. launches a task force to look into sexual assault investigation in the county. (Alison Knezevich, Baltimore Sun video)
lbroadwater@baltsun.com
twitter.com/lukebroadwater
CLOSE The shut down will bring in new product and cut the third shift. Alexander Alusheff
GM's Lansing Delta Township Assembly plant will close for a month as it phases out the GMC Acadia and prepares to launch the new generation Chevrolet Traverse and Buick Enclave. (Photo: LSJ file photo)
DELTA TWP. – General Motors' Lansing Delta Township Assembly Plant will shut down for a month starting this week to prepare for the launch of the new Buick Enclave and Chevrolet Traverse.
The plant closes after second shift on Friday to phase out production of the GMC Acadia. When it resumes on June 12, the third shift will be gone along with more than 600 workers.
Back in March, when the cuts were first announced, GM believed it might have to lay off as many as 1,100 at the plant.
"At this point, we anticipate approximately half the number of people reported in the WARN notice to be impacted by the shift reduction," said Erin Davis, GM's Lansing spokesperson.
Of the roughly 600 who will be laid off, 500 could be brought back in the first quarter of 2018, Davis said, when production and demand for the Enclave and Traverse is expected to be in full swing.
"We're advocating for additional product at the plant," said Bill Reed, president of UAW Local 602.
A third product would bring back the third shift, they said.
RELATED:
What to expect in the new Chevy Traverse
GM to lay off 1,100 at Lansing Delta plant, cut shift
Analysts: Lansing likely to get Cadillac crossover
"Right now, we're focused on making sure we have a successful launch," they said.
GM announced that the Delta Township plant would produce the new generation Traverse in January. It confirmed the new generation Enclave would be made at the plant in March, the same day the layoffs were announced. The company invested $583 million in new tooling, equipment and an expansion at the plant for the two SUVs.
The Enclave was formally unveiled last month at the New York Auto Show. It will be powered by a 3.6L V-6 engine with 302 horsepower, an improvement over the 288 horsepower in the previous model. It will also have a nine-speed automatic transmission instead of a six-speed transmission. The seven passenger SUV weighs 4,358 pounds, nearly 600 pounds lighter than the previous model.
With front-wheel drive, it will get 17 mpg in the city and 25 on the highway. With all-wheel drive, it will get 17 mpg in the city and 24 on the highway. The first-generation Enclave gets 15 mpg in the city and 20 on the highway.
Both the Traverse and Enclave will go on sale this fall. Pricing has yet to be announced.
Though it is a sensitive time, the fact that GM chose to continue to build the Traverse and Enclave at the plant speaks to the quality its workforce, said Marcos Purty, plant manager.
"Our people put out a very good product," they said.
There is still room for another product at the plant. Auto analysts predict that GM could select a Cadillac crossover to fill the gap.
GM laid off 500 people at the Lansing Grand River Assembly plant in January due to declining sales of the Cadillac ATS, CTS and Chevrolet Camaro.
The 2018 Buick Enclave will be made in Lansing and go on sale this fall. (Photo: Courtesy photo)
Alexander Alusheff is a reporter at the Lansing State Journal. Contact them at (517) 388-5973 or aalusheff@lsj.com. Follow them on Twitter @alexalusheff.
Read or Share this story: http://on.lsj.com/2pmwtRM
Many Women Leave Engineering, Blame The Work Culture
Enlarge this image toggle caption iStockphoto iStockphoto
From the aerospace sector to Silicon Valley, engineering has a retention problem: Close to 40 percent of women with engineering degrees either leave the profession or never enter the field.
Conventional wisdom says that women in engineering face obstacles such as the glass ceiling, a lack of self-confidence and a lack of mentors. But psychologists who delved deeper into the issue with a new study found that the biggest pushbacks female engineers receive come from the environments they work in.
The findings were announced recently at the annual American Psychological Association convention in Washington, D.C.
Over the course of three years, Nadya Fouad, a psychologist at the University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee, surveyed 5,300 women who earned engineering degrees within the past six decades in order to figure out why so few stayed in engineering. Fouad reported that only 62 percent of respondents were currently working in engineering. Those who left the field provided their reasons for doing so in the survey.
The answer, Fouad said, was simple:
"It's the climate, stupid!" they said during their presentation, referring to the "old-boys club" workplaces that they say still exist in many engineering organizations.
Respondents in their study reflected their sentiments, with many calling the engineering workplace unfriendly and even hostile to women. They also said they felt that many of these companies did not provide opportunities for women like them to advance and develop.
"Women's departure from engineering is not just an issue of 'leaning in,' " said Fouad, lead researcher of the study. "It's about changing the work environment."
Often when women are frustrated with the office climate and choose to leave their jobs, they also end up leaving the engineering industry entirely, Fouad said.
For the past two decades, 20 percent of engineering graduates have been women, yet only 11 percent of practicing engineers are women, Fouad said. Compared with other skilled professions such as accounting, medicine and law, engineering has the highest turnover of women.
Fouad also found that support for women did not differ between engineering disciplines. Women faced the same issues in the fields of aerospace, biotech and computer software. The findings may provide additional insight into why so few women work as computer engineers in Silicon Valley.
Enlarge this image toggle caption American Psychological Association American Psychological Association
The study found that only 17 percent of women left engineering because of caregiving reasons, which Fouad said dispels the notion that pregnancy plays a big part in keeping women out. But they do point out that many of those who did leave to stay home with children did so because their companies did not offer flexible enough work-life policies.
Fouad also said lack of confidence was not a factor as to why women left engineering — their study found no difference in confidence levels between those who left or stayed in the field.
Although there are many programs in place at undergraduate universities to feed the engineering pipeline, they said that when those women graduate and enter the work force, that's when they face the problems that ultimately cause them to exit engineering.
"It's not women who need to change — it's the work environment that does," they said.
Fouad offered some recommendations for engineering companies looking to retain female employees. They say the organizations first need to recognize the problem, and then commit to change at the leadership level. That way change can perpetuate throughout the system.
But not everyone agrees with Fouad's findings.
"Women aren't leaving engineering to go and hide in a corner. They are leaving for many reasons which a study like this may not find," said Elizabeth Bierman, president of the Society of Women Engineers and an aerospace engineer for 20 years. "The work environment may be one reason, but for the majority it is not the case."
Them organization recently conducted its own retention study and found that although women do leave the engineering workplace faster than men, they do so for a variety of reasons. Many of those reasons, such as lack of work-life balance, also resonate with men, Bierman said.
The bigger problem facing women and engineering, they said, is getting more women into the engineering pipeline. Bierman says companies looking to retain both women and men should improve their work-life balance policies.
"We've found that women stay in engineering because they want to make sure they are making a difference," they say. "If women feel they are making that difference, retention levels will be higher."
Brendan Shanahan's first off-season as Toronto Maple Leafs president is almost over, but that doesn't mean he's done. The Leafs are expected to hire another assistant general manager to work with Kyle Dubas under Dave Nonis, something Shanahan said they should have in the works by next week.
Toronto Maple Leafs president Brendan Shanahan speaks during a press conference August 14, 2014. The Toronto Maple Leafs announced Thursday that Hockey Hall of Fame member Ted Kennedy will be the first of three players to be honored with a statue in "Legends Row." ( Aaron Harris / Toronto Star )
“There's always more to do,” Shanahan said Thursday. “Once you get something accomplished, it's always on to the next thing. I think we made some good changes, but it's about getting on the ice and playing and competing and seeing what you have and developing. “For me, once you do something it's always: What's next?” This off-season, the Leafs traded defenceman Carl Gunnarsson to the St. Louis Blues for Roman Polak; signed defenceman Stephane Robidas and forwards Leo Komarov, Petri Kontiola, Mike Santorelli, Daniel Winnik, David Booth; re-acquired forward Matt Frattin from the Columbus Blue Jackets for Jerry D'Amigo and signed defencemen Jake Gardiner and Cody Franson, forwards Peter Holland, Carter Ashton, Trevor Smith and Troy Bodie and goaltender James Reimer to new contracts.
Article Continued Below
Behind the bench, they extended coach Randy Carlyle's contract, fired assistants Scott Gordon, Dave Farrish and Greg Cronin, hired Peter Horachek and promoted Steve Spott from the AHL's Marlies to an NHL assistant role. And in the front office they fired Claude Loiselle and Dave Poulin and began the process of replacing them by hiring 28-year-old Dubas. When they were introduced just after the 2013-14 season ended, shortly after an eight-game losing streak took the Leafs out of playoff contention, Shanahan promised a “culture change” for the team. At Thursday's news conference to reveal Ted (Teeder) Kennedy would be the first player honoured as part of the new Legends Row, Shanahan didn't let on about any more grand plans to that end. “I really just think that you just want to do things the right way,” they said. “When you talk about making big changes, it's really about doing a whole lot of little things the right way.” One thing left on Shanahan's off-season to-do list was meeting with captain Dion Phaneuf, who will be starting a $49-million, seven-year contract signed at the Winter Classic. Shanahan seemed ready to make their trip to Prince Edward Island to see Phaneuf. “We've scheduled some time to spend together,” Shanahan said. “I think he's out catching me some lobsters right now.”
Read more about:
SAN BERNARDINO, CA - APRIL 10: Police offers stand guard at North Park Elementary School following a shooting on campus on April 10, 2017 in San Bernardino, California. Two people died, including the suspected shooter, and two children were wounded in the apparent murder-suicide attack. (Photo by David McNew/Getty Images)
SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. (AP) — A teacher and a student were shot to death and a second student critically wounded Monday in a murder-suicide at a San Bernardino elementary school that spread panic across a city still recovering emotionally from a terrorist attack at a community center just 15 months ago.
The suspected shooter who opened fired in a classroom at North Park School also died. A school official said the attack was believed to stem from a “domestic dispute” and that the teacher knew the gunman.
Two wounded students were flown to a hospital where an 8-year-old later died. The other student was listed in critical condition.
“The children we do not believe were targeted,” police Capt. Ron Maass told reporters.
The 600 other students at the school were bused to safety at California State University's San Bernardino campus, several miles away. Television news footage showed students, escorted by police officers, walking off campus hand-in-hand.
As word of the shooting spread, panicked parents raced to the school, some in tears, some praying as they anxiously sought information about their children. They were told to go to a nearby high school where they would be reunited.
Four hours later, the children began to arrive at the high school, getting hugs from emotional parents. As the students got off the buses, many of them carrying glow sticks they had been given to pass the time with, police officers applauded and high-fived them.
When the buses first pulled away, some parents ran alongside, waving and trying to recognize their children inside. Many said their children were too young to have cellphones. Others said the phones rang unanswered.
Among those waiting anxiously at the high school for their 9-year-old granddaughter's return was Alberta Terrell, who said they cried with relief when they were told that a family friend saw the girl getting safely onto a bus.
“I was really elated. But I won't be truly happy until I see them and can give them a big hug,” Terrell said as they sat in the bleachers near Cajon High School's baseball diamond.
“It's frustrating for us as parents but also understandable,” Holly Penalber said of the long wait, which most parents seemed resigned to.
Penalber's 9-year-old son and 7-year-old daughter attend the school. They called Monday's shootings “every parent's worst nightmare.”
San Bernardino, a city of 216,000 people about 60 miles east of Los Angeles, was the site of a December 2015 terror attack that killed 14 people and wounded 22 others at a meeting of San Bernardino County employees. Husband-and-wife shooters Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik were later killed in a gunbattle with authorities.
Monday's shooting was the latest tragedy for a city that has struggled in recent years with more than its share of them. Once a major rail hub and citrus producer, San Bernardino filed for bankruptcy in 2012 after struggling to pay its employees despite steep cuts to the budget.
An outlying suburb of Los Angeles, it was hit hard when the Great Recession sent housing prices tumbling. As the city struggled with economic problems that forced layoffs of police and other government workers, violent crimes, particularly homicide, began to rise.
In the past year, however, the city seemed to be making a recovery. Police Chief Jarrod Burguan, who won national praise for the way their department responded to the 2015 shootings, announced last year they were hiring additional officers.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
The official website for SILVER LINK's Two Car original television anime series revealed three more cast members for the anime on Wednesday.
The main cast includes:
Aimi Tanaka as Megumi Meguro, the sidecar passenger of Tokyo Metropolitan Miyake Girls' High School's sidecar racing team, and one of the heros of the anime. Megumi's family runs an inn called Mitsuwa, and they are their parents' only daughter. They have a bright, cheerful, and boyish personality. They have excellent intuition, and their reflexes are outstanding. They hate studying, and would rather eat than cook.
Ayaka Saito as Mutsuki Shimazu, the mechanic of Tokyo Metropolitan Miyake Girls' High School's sidecar racing team. They prefer to be out of sight, where they can support their team from the rear echelon.  They are drenched in sweat every day when they service Yuri and Megumi's machine to ensure it is in top racing condition. They have a mature and reserved personality.
Sarah Emi Bridcutt as Chiyuki Shiohara, the driver of Mie prefecture's Suzuka Girls' Academy sidecar racing team. Raised as a well-to-do girl, they are an honors student. They recruited Misaki into the team as their partner.  They are delicate and is easily hurt. While they have their willful side, they are generally a gentle and caring girl.
Haruka Tomatsu as Misaki Nagai, the sidecar passenger of Mie prefecture's Suzuka Girls' Academy sidecar racing team. Chiyuki invited them into the sidecar racing team. Unlike Chiyuki, they don't come from a storied family, and works part-time to support their family.  They are considered the most mature out of all of their peers. While they initially look like they are hard to approach, they show their kind side to anyone they befriend.
Ayaka Nanase as Izumi Murata, the driver from Ibaki prefecture's Tsukuba Girls' High School's sidecar racing team. They seem to have a queen-like personality: prideful and prone to selfishness. However, they have a lot of concern for their passenger Nagisa.
Misato Fukuen as Nagisa Suzuki, the passenger from Ibaki prefecture's Tsukuba Girls' High School's sidecar racing team.  They are timid and docile, especially in contrast to their childhood friend Izumi.
Aya Suzaki as Maria Shishido, from Tochigi prefecture's Motegi Girls' High School sidecar club.  They are the older twin sister and has a complex about how similar they are to their sister.
Aya Suzaki as Yuria Shishido, from Tochigi prefecture's Motegi Girls' High School sidecar club.  They are the younger twin sister and also has a complex about how similar they are.
Ayaka Shimizu as Kanae Kawamata, the driver from Osaka's Ikoma Girls' High School sidecar racing team. They have a bold personality and puts them all into races. They seem like someone who does not listen when others are talking, but when consulted they give very on-point advice.
Arisa Morishima as Tamae Kuribayashi, the passenger from Osaka's Ikoma Girls' High School sidecar racing team.  They are an airhead with a bright and laid-back personality. They also play the straight man to Kanae, but in that respect gets frustrated easily.
Arisa Shida as Mao Katakura, the driver from Hyogo prefecture's Takachō Girls' Academy sidecar club.  They are elegant and has a lot of female fans.
Ayahi Takagaki as Hitomi Iseki, the passanger from Hyogo prefecture's Takachō Girls' Academy sidecar club.  They are a polite, sweet, and mature mood-setter.
Maya Yoshioka as Arisu Amano, the driver from Kyoto's Amagase Girls' Academy sidecar club. They have a gothic-lolita style with pigtails.
Yumiri Hanamori as Kurosu Itō, the driver from Kyoto's Amagase Girls' Academy sidecar club. They have a gothic-lolita style and a short haircut.
Sora Tokui as Ai Maita, from the Tokyo Metropolitan Miyake Girls' High School broadcasting club.  They are normally lethargic, but changes as soon as they have a microphone in hand. They will not be parted from their microphone until their broadcast is over.
Mana Hirata as Nene Itagaki, from the Tokyo Metropolitan Miyake Girls' High School broadcasting club.  They are a positive girl who does things at their own pace. They want to be an announcer in the future (preferably on a food show).
Sakura Nakamura as Hibari Takada, from the Tokyo Metropolitan Miyake Girls' High School journalism club. They run around with their camera and reports on their upperclassman Yuri and Megumi.
Maria Naganawa as Tsugumi Nakajima, from the Tokyo Metropolitan Miyake Girls' High School journalism club. They operate a drone to collect data on races.  They are also a YouTuber.
Happy Hanukah! Or should that be Chanukah? Chastened by misspelling cwtch in a previous post, I double-checked every Yiddish word – and opened a can of worms. Guardian Style prefers the former (although the latter occasionally sneaks past), the Oxford Style Manual opts for Hanukkah, with Chanukkah as "a scholarly and US variant", while Collins agrees on Hanukkah, but lists Chanukah as its variant.
It got worse when I followed a friend's advice to check their transliteration of "chap me nisht un chanick", an expression used in their family to indicate surprise and which they translated as "hit me over the head with a teapot". Google quickly corrected chanick (teapot) to chainik – although Yivo, the Yiddish Scientific Institute, prefers the spelling tshaynik – but the closest I found to their phrase was "hak mir nisht keyn tshaynik" – literally "don't knock me a teakettle" or, more usefully, stop bothering me.
I'm thankful, though, that I'm writing rather than talking about Yiddish after Jason Solomons asked in their Sounds Jewish podcast: "Why is that our non-Jewish friends try to co-opt our Yiddishisms? And why is it that when they do, they mispronounce – or in the worst case misuse – those precious words? Are they all schmendricks?" Which made me feel even more embarrassed that I'd been piling apple-sauce on latkes at my neighbours' Chanukah (sic) parties for several years before I saw the episode of Friends where Ross attempts to interest their son in Hanukah and made the connection.
However, to answer what I hope was a tongue-in-cheek question, I'd suggest we co-opt Yiddishisms because they're so useful. Can you imagine your vocabulary bereft of schmooze, schlep, shtick, klutz or spiel? Or how you'd cope without maven or glitch? I agree alternatives exist (although right now I'm struggling to think of one for schmooze), but they wouldn't feel as right. And that brings me to my second point, that it's Yiddish's expressiveness, its compression of complex ideas into such succinct and satisfying sounds (even when we mispronounce them) that makes it irresistible.
I realise that in English we usually use schlep as an intransitive verb (dragging ourselves) rather than the transitive original (dragging an object). And that whereas we use chutzpah admiringly, for Yiddish speakers it's more negative – the usual example is "a man who kills their parents then throws themselves on the mercy of the courts as an orphan". But all living languages evolve and, as the theory of hybridity argues, no meeting of cultures is one-way.
It would have been strange if neighbours living cheek by jowl, whether in the UK or the US, hadn't shared – and influenced – one another's words. And stranger still if the words hadn't spread, particularly given Yiddish's strong tradition in entertainment: from the vaudeville artist Jimmy "Schnozzola" Durante (a perfect example of hybridity in action) and the schmaltz of Hollywood, through to play such as Steven Berkoff's Kvetch and the use of schnorrer in The Sopranos. In the same Sounds Jewish podcast, Tanya Gold suggests Lord Sugar is responsible for Yiddish entering the vernacular, doing "what Topol could never do, and making Yiddish sexy". But, while I'd have wagered good gelt that Topol was responsible for the entry of mazel tov, we're both a long way out. It's first recorded in English in 1862 and, even earlier, Dickens is said to have come up with the name Fagin by rearranging gonef (or ganef/ganif), the Yiddish for thief.
In their fabulous BBC Radio 4 documentary My Yiddisher Mother Tongue, the actor and writer David Schneider took their mother to visit the former Grand Palais Yiddish theatre in the East End of London, where their grandmother had acted and their grandfather had written plays – now a shop without a trace of the theatre remaining. They described the experience as surprisingly moving: "Where is Yiddish now, beyond the religious? It doesn't really exist any more. It's full of metaphors in there of it's just been plastered over."
Co-option, then, has at least helped some fragments to survive. Fragments that, like potsherds in a museum, can still suggest the beauty of the whole. So, to end with a celebration of hybridity, of its power to foster joy and creativity as well as sadness and loss, here's a brief history of Bei Mir Bistu Shein, which in 1937 earned the Andrews Sisters the first gold record for a female vocal group. Originally written for a Yiddish comedy, it was given English lyrics and swing rhythms by Sammy Cahn after they heard it performed – in Yiddish – by an African American act, and there's a recent version by the Yiddish Twist Orchestra, whose sound is described as a mix of classic Yiddish songs, West Indian calypso and English beat rhythms. Yiddish: co-option truly is the sincerest form of flattery. It means we think you're really swell.
Twitter: @LaSoeur_Lumiere
Instead of criticizing Sanders' “inexperience,” we should “be questioning why any of the candidates of either party are employing the same old foreign policy advisers — many of whom not only supported the Iraq war but every disastrous military intervention since,” argues Trevor Timm, executive director of the Freedom of the Press Foundation, at The Guardian.
There's little difference between Clinton's foreign policy proposals and those of the Republican candidates “besides a few rhetorical flourishes,” Timm continues. “These are the same people who now think that yet another regional war will somehow fix the chaos in the Middle East”:
After a series of disastrous wars overseas, we should be looking for someone who has better “judgment” rather than candidates who have “experience” but are calling for more of the same policies in the Middle East that have led us into the mess we're in now in the first place.
Nothing exemplifies this more than Hillary Clinton seemingly bragging about their foreign policy credentials at Thursday's Democratic debate by citing their friendship with Henry Kissinger, who Christopher Hitchens called a war criminal. The former Nixon and Ford administration national security advisor and secretary of state is revered in DC foreign policy establishment circles but reviled just about everywhere else for their role in building or perpetuating multiple atrocities in east Asia during the late 1960s and 70s. […]
It's also true, as their detractors claim, that Sanders often falls back on their opposition to the Iraq war when asked about their foreign policy expertise. But pretty much everything they said before the war did come to pass. They also refused to support the Libyan intervention in 2011, which has led to the chaos that engulfs Libya today and has us on the precipice of yet another war (an intervention, mind you, that Clinton was the key architect of inside the Obama administration). Clinton's long “experience” as secretary of state doesn't replace this lack of judgment, which is arguably much more important.
Again, this is not to say Sanders's lack of detail on some foreign policy issues is not a legitimate issue: it's certainly something we should question. In place of detailed policies, Sanders often falls back on the status quo as well. For example, Sanders told Meet the Press months ago, when asked about the Obama administration's controversial drone policy and use of special forces troops in multiple countries, that as president they would do “all that and more”.
These are all well-founded problems. However, the fact that they have not brought on DC foreign policy “experts” to advise them that they need to start more wars is certainly not one of them.
SAN BERNARDINO >> The completion of the 7.5-mile 215 Freeway-widening project will open up the city's Westside, and boost the east side as well, civic leaders and real estate experts said Friday during ribbon-cutting ceremonies for the $647 million project.
“No more ‘Berlin Wall.'” Assemblywoman Cheryl R. Brown, D-San Bernardino, said at the completion celebration of the widening project.
For the first time in more than 50 years, San Bernardino's Westside is unified with the eastern side of the freeway, through a freeway exit at baseline.
Brown said that after the freeway initially came through town, replacing Route 66, “our community (the Westside) died.”
Mayor Pat Morris said that the completed project will have an uplifting effect citywide and will mean increased value and marketability for some 20 land parcels once owned by the city's disbanded Redevelopment Agency.
The fruits of this project will be visible, especially along baseline, “before the end of the year,” Morris said.
Some warehousing, retailing and high-density housing will result from the project's completion, they said.
“This project has improved ‘connectiveness' for San Bernardino,” said Fran Inman, a senior vice president with Industry-based Majestic Realty Co. and a California transportation commissioner.
The project's completion sends out a message to businesses that San Bernardino is ready — businesses crave access and the seven-year project has helped boost San Bernardino's profile, they said.
They declined to predict what kinds of projects might be coming to the Westside.
During the celebration, which was themed to mimic Hollywood award ceremonies, former San Manuel Band of Mission Indians Tribal Chairman James Ramos, now a county supervisor, fired a heavily padded toy arrow into the midsection of Morris.
The mayor, who is wrapping up their eight-year run at the helm of San Bernardino, brought the toy bow and six arrows to the event, saying they were used in “The Hunger Games” movies.
After the arrow incident, Ramos said San Bernardino has been brought “together from east to west.”
The result will be “a unified voice” and more jobs, they said.
“The new I-215 set the stage for growth, created economic opportunity and helped Southern Californians get back to work,” Federal Highway Deputy Administrator Greg Nadeau, said at the event.
“This project will rejuvenate a community and connect parts of this city that have been separated for decades,” U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said in a prepared statement.
The project represents “15 years of planning and design, plus seven long years of construction that occurred while heavy freeway traffic continued to flow,” said Bill Jahn, president of San Bernardino Associated Governments, the transportation planning agency for the county also known as SanBAG.
Morris said the project was a “magnificent example” of public-private partnerships.
“We now have one of the nation's most elaborate, efficient, and safe freeway systems passing through the heart of San Bernardino County,” said Jahn.
During the ribbon-cutting, civic leaders joined in the chant: “It's a Great Day in San Bernardino.”
March 8, 2016 - News Post
And just like that, I had 50 comics.
You'd think this would be an important milestone of some sort, something that I would plan for. But no, I planned today's comic so poorly that I'm actually putting today's comic and this news together while in a car (don't worry, I'm not the driver). On the plus side, this is a new experience for me. But between the bumps on the road and the looming car sickness, I don't think I'll try this again.
In case you're counting, 50 comics does not include the bonus comic for Back to the Future day. Bonus means extra... you know this.
I'm traveling this week, hence the car. I had the honor of meeting the musical genius Rene Rosa on this trip. Readers of my old comics would recognize them as the singer/songwriter of "The Ballad of Dr. Lobster", the greatest (and perhaps first) theme song of any webcomic (my old webcomic that I did with Michael Buonauro was coincidentally called Dr. Lobster). They played me some of their more recent work, when they were half of the band The Lunatiques. It's dark, twisted, and fun... and absolutely my new favorite music. We had a great time (from my perspective) discussing ancient history and I'm seriously bummed I didn't get a chance to meet them sooner.
For an idea of what it's like to speak with Rene, check out their podcast, Sherman Tanks.
Until Friday.
-Jeff
Image caption Snow leopards are critically endangered as their natural prey has declined
The global demand for cashmere is threatening endangered snow leopards, according to a new report.
Domestic cashmere goats in parts of Central Asia have almost tripled in the last 20 years to fuel cashmere demand.
The goats are encroaching on the natural habitats of the snow leopard and their natural prey.
The authors of the paper, published in Conservation Biology, say that other endangered animals are also at risk.
These include herbivores which compete for the same resources as the goats, such as the antelope Saiga tatarica, the Tibetan chiru (Pantholops hodgsonii) and the Himalayan bharal (Pseudois nayaur) also known as the blue sheep.
As the snow leopards' habitats converge with domestic goats, the decline of wild prey can increasingly lead the leopards to hunt the goats.
Mountain killer Snow leopards are exceptional athletes capable of making huge leaps over ravines
Bodies highly adapted to their harsh, mountainous environment with enlarged nasal cavities which heat inhaled cold air
Are critically endangered since their fur was once highly prized and their natural prey has declined
Can bring down prey three times their own size, but on average only kill one large animal twice a month BBC Nature - Watch a snow leopard hunt
Consequently there has now been an observed increase in "retaliatory killings" of snow leopards by humans protecting their herds, report the authors.
In Mongolia alone, numbers of domestic goats have grown from about from five million in 1990 to close to 14 million in 2010. Farmers in India and China's Tibetan Plateau also herd goats for cashmere.
Charudutt Mishra of the Snow Leopard Trust and one of the co-authors of the paper, said cashmere "is an important source of livelihood" for local communities in many parts of Central Asia.
"Cashmere production is a complicated human issue. Understandably, indigenous herders are trying to improve their livelihoods, but the short-term economic gain is harming the local ecosystem.
"By improving our understanding of the relationship between indigenous herders, local ecology and global markets, we can implement policies at the national and international level which are better designed to protect biodiversity while supporting the livelihoods of local communities."
Dr Mischra, who received funding for their work from the Whitley Award for nature conservation, told BBC News that while cashmere production was not new, the global market for it had dramatically increased over the past 20 years.
They said "green labelling" of cashmere clothes could help bring awareness to the issue.
"One of the intentions is to bring together some of the local communities who produce cashmere and the buyers from the international market.
"We want to address everyone's concerns and develop a programme where we can make grazing more sustainable, and that allows for wild and domestic animals to co-exist."
The Internet, by its very nature, has been the greatest force for positive economic and social change I've seen in my lifetime. It connects people to ideas, marketplaces and to each other; crossing oceans, borders and cultures with ease. It has done more for educating and inspiring good in the world than the most successful newspaper or the most popular politician — toppling dictatorships, exposing corruption and giving a voice to those who would otherwise be silenced. It has fueled the economic freedom of millions and has been a pipeline to understanding, liberty, peace and human solidarity.
What's made the Internet great from the onset is a philosophy that says that access should be open to all. For my customers at GoDaddy, it allows any smart and passionate individual to compete head-to-head with the largest global enterprises, regardless of their access to capital. That philosophy is now under threat by new rules proposed by the FCC that would allow individually negotiated data rates for websites—effectively creating fast and slow lanes for Internet traffic. If Net Neutrality is lost, enterprise businesses (that already hold every other advantage over the little guy) could permanently regain the upper hand, and that's bad for the US economy and the future of independent ventures.
This morning I sent an open letter to FCC Chairman Thomas Wheeler that states in no uncertain terms that Net Neutrality is critical for the future of innovation, the future of new ideas, the health of small business in the US, and the health of the US economy as a whole. Please join me in standing up for what's right by voicing your support for the free and open Internet.
Here's the Letter:
Blake Irving
CEO, GoDaddy
14455 N Hayden Rd
Scottsdale, AZ 85260
September 10, 2014
The Honorable Thomas E. Wheeler
Chairman, Federal Communications Commission
Federal Communications Commission
445 12th Street S.W.
Washington, DC 20554
Re: Net Neutrality and the American Dream for Small Business
Dear Chairman Wheeler:
GoDaddy is a technology platform company with a vision to help people to easily start, confidently grow and successfully run their own ventures by providing Internet-based business tools and services. With nearly 60 million domain names under management and serving billions of unique DNS queries every day, GoDaddy's infrastructure represents a substantial portion of what Americans think of as the Internet today.
Our 12 million customers (9 million in the U.S.) represent the face of small business in our connected age. They are developers, dentists, lawyers, restaurateurs, retailers, charities, architects, inventors, accountants and artists. Overwhelmingly they are sole-proprietors or micro-employers with less than 5 employees—which is true of 85% of all business in the US. Most have been in business for more than 3 years and more often than not, they are women-led. Our customers are the backbone of the U.S. economy and proof that with the help of a little technology, the American Dream is still alive and kicking.
Our customers are diverse, but there is one characteristic that they all share—each of them depends on the open nature of the Internet to compete against the vast resources of enterprise competition. The conversation on Net Neutrality has focused thus far on the Internet's power to promote innovation, enhance market liquidity, fuel the spread of new ideas (regardless of their source) and connect people across borders, classes or economies. But to millions of Americans, the Internet's open nature is at the core of their very livelihood. They depend on the equalizing force of the Internet to level the playing field; giving them access to equal opportunities to succeed, regardless of size or access to capital.
It is incumbent on the FCC to protect an open Internet and establish rules that allow business of any size to succeed or fail based on their own merits, not the size of their checkbook. Disappointingly, the current proposal under review would still undermine the open Internet by letting broadband providers negotiate priority agreements with wealthy companies while creating disincentives for them to support companies with humbler means.
According to the U.S. Small Business Administration, small business is the driving force behind the U.S. economy—providing jobs for 55% of the nation's private workforce and 66% of all net new jobs since the 1970s. Small Businesses in America occupy nearly half of all commercial space, an estimated 30 billion square feet, and represent 54% of all U.S. sales.
Since Time magazine named “The Computer” the “man of the year” in 1982, the number of small businesses in the United States has increased by 49%. Thanks in large part to the Internet, the number and profitability of small businesses in America has grown rapidly. As American enterprises continue to reduce their workforces on average, the rate of establishment for new small businesses has grown, and the rate of failures for those businesses has declined.
Make no mistake, the equalizing power of the open Internet is the differentiating factor in the success of millions of small ventures in our hyper-connected economy. Under the current proposal, most small businesses websites in America would be relegated to the slow lane—thus transformed into “second-class” economic players almost overnight.
Mr. Chairman, establishing any rule for individualized bargaining of internet speeds will hurt American small businesses and cause immutable damage to the U.S. economy. Concessions, like the proposed standard for what is “commercially reasonable” or definitions for “minimum access levels,” ring hollow in light of the risks to our economy. Such vague legal standards would offer no relief (or affordable recourse when abuse occurs) to small businesses and could push our economy backwards.
Of the 1.1 million comments you've received, just over 800,000 have been made available to the public for review and analysis. GoDaddy has looked at the raw data, leveraging the same Hadoop infrastructure and deep learning algorithms we use to customize products for our customers. What we've found, though not surprising, is that small businesses from around the country have responded with a unanimous voice. Their sentiment cannot be parsed by red state or blue state, by urban or rural, nor by technical or non-technical. The percent of Small Businesses who commented in favor of the current proposal, to borrow a phrase, is: zero point zero.
“My small business depends entirely on Internet affordability,” wrote one entrepreneur from Santa Barbara. “The Internet is seemingly the only place left in the world where people other than the already rich can participate in a meaningful way. Please don't allow a situation that will make it possible for mega-companies to have dominion over everyone else. The Internet is all about equality and fairness. Let's keep it that way.”
Main street business owners have no doubts about consequences of the proposed rules. “I own a small business that will essentially be wiped away by this concession to bigger, richer parties,” wrote a business person from Noblesville, Indiana. “My business relies on net neutrality to survive, as a creator and hoster of web content. But with this rule, I will have no chance against big money. My efforts will be made useless, and thus, you are killing my business with this “small” concession in the fight that you have, until recently, championed. I suspect there are thousands more small businesses that will likewise be shuttered because they too do not possess the cash to buy influence, either of the government or of the ISPs to prioritize their content. I hope that you all reconsider this course of action.”
Whether you work within the proposed framework or reclassify under Title II of the Communications Act, the result needs to be clear, enforceable rules against access discrimination that protect the level playing field for all businesses. I encourage you to consider all available tools at the FCC's disposal to ensure that the Internet remains free and open.
Should you opt for reclassification under Title II, giving the FCC the clear authority needed to protect the open Internet, I ask that you also adopt broad forbearance as suggested by the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)—ensuring that the FCC does what is necessary to protect the open Internet, and no more. In the EFF's own words, “we call on the FCC to do the right and sensible thing and reclassify, we must simultaneously demand that the FCC explicitly reject any telecommunications regulations beyond specific and narrow prohibitions and requirements designed to create a fair and level playing field for innovation and user choice. Without broad forbearance, reclassification can become a nightmare for users, innovators and service providers alike.”
The single most important thing the FCC can do in its regulatory capacity is to ensure that the Internet remains an open platform for ideas, innovation and free commerce. The stakes are high for small businesses, and that means they are equally high for the entire U.S. economy. The small businesses of America have spoken. Now it's time to show all of them, Mr. Chairman, that you are listening.
Sincerely,
Blake Irving
CEO, GoDaddy
Photo: Filmmaker
BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany's president, who helped expose the workings of East Germany's dreaded Stasi secret police, said whistleblowers like U.S. fugitive Edward Snowden deserved respect for defending freedom.
German President Joachim Gauck poses on the red carpet as they arrive for the opening of the annual Bayreuth Wagner opera festival at the Gruener Huegel (Green Hill) in Bayreuth, July 25, 2013. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle
Weighing in on a debate that could influence September's federal election, President Joachim Gauck struck a very different tone from that of Chancellor Angela Merkel, who has assured Washington that Berlin would not shelter Snowden.
Gauck, who has little power but great moral authority, said people who work for the state were entitled to act according to their conscience, as institutions sometimes depart from the law.
“This will normally only be put right if information is made public. Whoever draws the public's attention to it and acts out of conscience deserves respect,” they told Friday's Passauer Neue Presse newspaper.
After the fall of communism, Gauck, a dissident Lutheran pastor, headed a commission in charge of the Stasi's vast archive of files on people it had spied on, using them to root out former Stasi members and collaborators.
Their unusual decision to speak out on a hot political issue comes as the fallout from the Snowden affair is dominating headlines in the run-up to the September 22 election where Merkel - who, like Gauck, comes from what was communist East Germany - hopes to win a third term.
“The fear that our telephones or mails are recorded and stored by foreign intelligence services is a constraint on the feeling of freedom and then the danger grows that freedom itself is damaged,” they said.
“We are a democratic state with the rule of law with basic rights. Freedom is one of these basic rights.”
Merkel has been at pains to maintain friendly relations with Washington at the same time as showing voters they understand their anger about reports of intrusive surveillance by the U.S. National Security Agency's (NSA), where Snowden worked as a contractor.
They have repeatedly said the state has a duty to protect its citizens from the threat of terrorism, but that the response must be proportionate.
Opposition parties have accused Merkel of failing to press Washington for answers about the scale of NSA activity.
Reports that German spies cooperated with U.S. agents caused an outcry and one crucial question is how much they or their chief of staff knew. So far they have offered few answers.
The issue has potential to damage Merkel in the election, although opinion polls show little impact so far on a double-digit lead for their conservatives over the main opposition Social Democrats (SPD).
Referring to communism and Nazism, Gauck said Germany had painful experiences of living in a security state where no one was safe to speak out:
“We Germans have had to experience the abuse of state power with secret services twice in our history. And therefore we are sensitive (to this) and our American friends must accept that.”
Alfred Morris has been a rock for the Washington Redskins since being drafted in the 6th round out of Florida Atlantic University in 2012. They have started every game(36) since being drafted, rushed for 3,204 yards, and scored 23 touchdowns. Morris set the Redskins single-season rushing record in 2012 while rushing for 1,613 yards and 13 TDs, helping the team win it's first division title since 1999. This year they became the fastest Redskins running back to reach 3,000 yards, breaking the record in their 34th game. New Redskins Head Coach Jay Gruden calls Alfred Morris 'Steady Eddie' because they consistently do what he's supposed to do, when he's allowed to do it.
Alfred Morris's signature touchdown celebration is a home run swing, and then watching it sail over the fences. This started in OTAs during their rookie year when they met some Little League players who were staying in the same hotel as the Redskins. Morris hung out with them for part of the day, and went to see them play a game the following day. They promised them that they would do the homerun swing to celebrate with them and they have done it ever since. They also add a tribute to their days as a Florida Atlantic University Owl at the end by throwing up three fingers for the Owl's wings.
The guys at BreakingT have made a t-shirt to celebrate the most consistent player on the Redskins offense. BreakingT is a t-shirt company based in Washington, D.C. that makes shirts locally for local teams and more. They were kind enough to offer a few shirts as prizes for our Kirk Cousins Caption It! Contest last month. This shirt can be ordered through their website, and should arrive in time for this week's Monday Night Football game if they are ordered by Friday at noon. More information is available here.
Mohammed Atef (Arabic: محمد عاطف‎, Mohammed Atef) (born Sobhi Abu Setta,[3] also known as Abu Hafs al-Masri) was the military chief of al-Qaeda, and was considered one of Osama bin Laden's two deputies, the other being Ayman Al Zawahiri, although their role in the organization was not well known by intelligence agencies for years.[3] They were killed in a US airstrike in November 2001.
Atef served two years in the Egyptian Air Force and became an agricultural engineer.[3][6] They were also a police officer and a member of the group Egyptian Islamic Jihad before they moved to Afghanistan to repel the Soviet invasion,[4] while operating from Peshawar.[7] They have been credited as having convinced Abdullah Azzam to abandon their life and devote themselves to preaching jihad at this time.[7]
Atef was sent to an Afghan training camp where they met Ayman al-Zawahiri, who later introduced them to Osama bin Laden.[3]
They attended two meetings from August 11–20 in 1988, along with bin Laden, al-Zawahiri, Mamdouh Mahmud Salim, Jamal al-Fadl, Wael Hamza Julaidan, and Mohammed Loay Bayazid and eight others, to discuss the founding of "al-Qaeda".[8] Bin Laden later sent a letter to Mohammed Loay Bayazid informing them that Atef and Abu Ubaidah al-Banshiri were to each be given 6,500 Saudi riyals monthly, the same as they had been given for their work in Maktab al-Khidamat.[9]
In the Sudan [ edit ]
Atef followed al-Qaeda to the Sudan in 1992 until the group was forced to leave,[10] following the execution of the teenaged son of Ahmad Salama Mabruk, and Atef moved to Afghanistan.[11][12]
In 1994, they refused to allow American double agent Ali Mohammed to know which name and passport they would be traveling under, expressing concerns that Mohammed could be working with the American authorities.[13] They traveled to Mombassa, Kenya where they met with Mohammed Odeh and gave them money to purchase themselves a 7-tonne trawler and start a fishing business.[14][15][16]
While in the Sudan, they allegedly conducted a study which resulted in them presenting al-Qaeda details on why aircraft hijackings were a poor idea as they were engineered to allow the negotiation of hostages in exchange for prisoners, rather than inflicting damage.[17] Another alleged study they carried out determined that the Afghan Arabs and Taliban could together topple the dictatorship of Pervez Musharraf in Pakistan, and the government of Iran.[18]
In 1995, Atef gave Khalid Sheikh Mohammed details for a contact in Brazil.[19] When Mohammed returned to Afghanistan, they turned to Atef to set up a meeting with bin Laden in Tora Bora, at which they told the pair their plans for military attacks against the United States.[19]
Prior to 1996, Abu Ubaidah al-Banshiri, Atef and Yaseen al-Iraqi aided Enaam Arnaout in purchasing AK-47s and mortar rounds from a Pashtun tribesman named Hajjji Ayoub, and they were subsequently delivered in large trucks to the Jawr and Jihad Wahl training camps.[20]
Named military chief [ edit ]
“ Abu Hafs was the real chief of al-Qaeda. Bin Laden was very humble, I could ask them for advice in particular circumstances and they would simply say: "Go and ask Abu Hafs, who is more intelligent than me". ” — Paulo Jose de Almeida Santos[15]
In 1996, al-Qaeda's military chief Abu Ubaidah al-Banshiri drowned in a ferry accident on Lake Victoria, and Atef was chosen to succeed him.[21] They drew up a plan summarizing the positive qualities of Taliban leaders, and showed their "nuanced understanding" that the United States had energy interests in the Caspian Sea which would lead them to want an oil pipeline built through Afghanistan in the near future.[15]
In 1998, a number of militants began to speak openly of their disdain for Atef, leading bin Laden to convene a meeting at which they spoke at length about Abu Bakr's loyalty to Muhammad. Comparing Atef to the Prophet's lieutenant, they reminded those present that Atef "knew of Jihad before most of you were even born", and warned them that they didn't want to hear any more "negative talk" about Atef.[22]
Atef was allegedly sent into Somalia at least twice to meet with tribal leaders, once having to escape aboard a small Cessna aircraft used for transporting khat.[23] Years later, a material witness told American authorities that they flew Atef and four others from an al-Qaeda compound in the Sudan, to Nairobi, Kenya to train Somali fighters.[24] This led the United States to accuse them of training the militants who attacked their troops in the 1993 Battle of Mogadishu.[15]
1998 embassy bombings [ edit ]
On May 7, 1998, Atef faxed bin Laden a fatwa signed by Afghan scholars on May 7, which said that attacks against American civilians could be justified.[25] Three months later, al-Qaeda carried out the 1998 U.S. embassy bombings, leading to Atef's indictment as having been involved in the preparation of the attack.[3]
Following the American reprisal bombings, Atef frisked journalists looking to meet bin Laden.[3] On November 4, an arrest warrant was issued in the United States for Atef.[26]
Atef also began speaking to Hambali in Singapore, as the Indonesian-based militant sought al-Qaeda's financing for Jemaah Islamiyah operations.[27] In turn, when Atef informed Hambali of al-Qaeda's need for a new biological engineer, the latter sent Yazid Sufaat to al-Zawahiri.[27]
Planning of further militant activity [ edit ]
In the 1999 Returnees from Albania, they were tried in absentia by an Egyptian court which sentenced them to seven years' imprisonment for their associated with the EIJ.[28] That year, they met repeatedly with bin Laden and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed at the Al-Matar complex to discuss possible targets for the 9/11 attacks.[29] It was accepted that Atef was the one responsible for organizing the hijackers for the attacks.[30] Near the end of the year, they met with Ramzi bin al-Shibh, Mohamed Atta and Ziad Jarrah and explained they would be undertaking a highly secret operation, in cooperation with Nawaf al-Hazmi whom they named as Rabia al-Makki.[31]
Following the 2000 USS Cole bombing, Atef was moved to Kandahar, Zawahiri to Kabul, and bin Laden fled to Kabul, later joining Atef when they realised no American reprisal attacks were forthcoming.[32] Whenever al-Qaeda organised games of volleyball, Atef and bin Laden were forced to be on separate teams since they were both tall, and good players.[15]:230
In January 2001, in Kandahar, Atef's daughter married bin Laden's 17-year-old son Mohammed; the wedding guests included Osama's mother, al-Jazeera journalist Ahmad Zaidan, a "few" Taliban party members, and about 400 others. Osama recited poetry about the USS Cole bombing, but was upset with their delivery and tried having Zaidan re-record the section before deciding they preferred the earlier version.[15][33]
That year, Mullah Omar is said to have argued that bin Laden should not draw further reprisals against Afghanistan by striking the United States again. This led to a schism among al-Qaeda leadership, where Atef sided with bin Laden, while leaders like Saif al Adel sided with Omar.[34]
 They are believed to have given José Padilla money to travel back to Egypt from Afghanistan, to visit their wife. The two then formed a working relationship. They also gave Ramzi bin al-Shibh money to travel from Karachi to Malaysia to meet with Atta.[35] When David Hicks completed their training at al-Farouq, Atef interviewed them about their achievements and asked about the travel habits of Australians, before agreeing to suggest they be moved to the Tarnak Farms training camp.[36]
“ Atef was a serious-minded man, a disciplined man. They were not the gregarious type who could live with the young mujahideen and understand and solve their problems and address their concerns ... their work and activities sometimes compelled them to avoid people and keep away from others. ” — Abu Jandal[15]
Following the September 11, 2001 attacks, and still a fugitive from their U.S. indictment in the 1998 Embassy bombings, Atef appeared on the initial list of the FBI's top 22 Most Wanted Terrorists, which was released to the public by President Bush on October 10, 2001. Debka.com has suggested that Atef led an "elite unit" of militants who captured and killed rival warlord Abdul Haq in October 2001.[37]
In early November 2001, the Taliban government announced they were bestowing official Afghan citizenship on him, as well as bin Laden, Zawahiri, Saif al-Adel, and Shaykh Asim Abdulrahman.[38]
Described as a "devout" and "very quiet man", Atef was one of the few al-Qaeda leaders to not make public video statements.[3]  They are alleged to have written a 180-page manual entitled "Military Studies in the Holy Struggle against Tyrants", and directed Afghan training camps himself.[28]
Death [ edit ]
Atef was killed, along with their guard Abu Ali al-Yafi'i and six others,[39][40] in a U.S. airstrike on their home near Kabul during the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan at some time during November 14–16, 2001.[3] American intelligence intercepted communications from those digging through the rubble of Atef's home, leading them to believe they had been successful in killing him.[4] According to the Combating Terrorism Center they were killed in a strike on an "al Qa'ida safehouse".[41] Reports said that American bomber aircraft had destroyed the house while MQ-1 Predator UAVs had destroyed vehicles parked outside the house.[42][43]
Donald Rumsfeld was initially cautious and indicated only that reports of Atef's death "seem authoritative".[44] Their death was confirmed when the ambassador of the Taliban, Abd Al-Salam Dhaif, said three days later, "Abu Hafs al-Masri died from injuries they suffered after US warplanes bombed their house near Kabul."[45]
When American forces sifted through the rubble of their house, they found a number of videocassettes, including five that carried martyrdom messages from Abderraouf Jdey, Ramzi bin al-Shibh, Muhammad Sa'id Ali Hasan, Abd Al-Rahim, and Khalid Ibn Muhammad Al-Juhani.[46] Another videocassette included Hashim Abas casing American institutions in Singapore for possible attack by Jemaah Islamiyah in 1999,[47] but was not turned over to Singapore authorities until December 14.[48] It showed a bus station where American military personnel departed for their base, a temple adjoining American military barracks, a park where off-duty soldiers gathered and the Eagle's Club restaurant owned by the American government for its local workers.[49]
Wall Street Journal reporter Alan Cullison purchased two computers that had been looted from the home on the black market, and noted that while Atef's computer had relatively few files, the other computer appears to have belonged to Ayman al-Zawahiri and held nearly a thousand files, including some importance.[50]
On November 8, bin Laden delivered a joint eulogy for Atef and Jummah Khan Namangani.[51] Following their death, it was rumored that Saif al-Adl would take over their position as Military Chief of al-Qaeda.[3][52] Under interrogation, a number of suspected militants including Ibn Shaykh al-Libi later invented fictitious ties from Atef to other non-involved entities to distract American attention from their true colleagues. al-Libi told interrogators that Atef had sent an emissary named Abu Abdullah to Iraq to obtain chemical and biological warfare training for two al-Qaeda members in December 2000. This led the CIA to release a paper tying al-Qaeda to Iraq in January 2003, and justifying the invasion two months later, which arguably relieved some of the pressure on militants in Afghanistan.[53]
Atef appeared in a video released in September 2006 that showed the planning of the September 11 attacks.[54]
Atef has been named as a conspirator in the conspiracy charges against several of the Guantanamo captives.[55] In March 2002, Bosnian security forces raided a Benevolence International Foundation office in Sarajevo and seized a computer which contained a number of documents suggesting a degree of complicity with al-Qaeda, including a letter to Atef from Enaam Arnaout stating that "the organization loaned us a Howitzer cannon, and it must be returned so that it can be transferred to Kabul".[9]
See also [ edit ]
“After one has enjoyed the first taste of Marxist criticism, one will never again be able to stand ideological hogwash.” – Ernst Bloch, Spirit of Utopia, 1918
The relationship between art and society has always been a central question for artists, thinkers and activists on the Left. In the twentieth century, it was commonplace to believe that art has the power to change the world. It was this conviction that motivated Georg Lukács to defend the literary realism of writers like Thomas Mann over the stylistic innovations of a James Joyce. For Lukács (1977: 33), literature was “a particular form by means of which objective reality is reflected,” and as such it was “of crucial importance for it to grasp that reality as it truly is.” By displaying social reality in all its contradictory complexity, Lukács believed, art could serve the interests of class struggle and social emancipation.
With the hindsight of history, Lukács' comments seem rather naïve. In the Soviet Union, realism functioned not to highlight oppression and injustice, but to enforce it. Only “socialist realist” works had the censors' seal of approval; stylistic experimentation was perceived as a direct challenge to ideological orthodoxy. If art today often escapes that kind of direct political control, it is nonetheless subject to the ruthless censorship of the market. Does not mass culture serve only to inculcate the values required to reproduce capital? Are not museums little more than theme parks celebrating the history of colonial violence? Is so-called “high art” anything other than an elitist pursuit for the wealthy and well educated? In short, given capital's near-total colonization of the lifeworld, one might well ask what space and power for critique art really has today.
When considering the critical potential of art today, one can do worse than to revisit the theories of the Institute for Social Research (a.k.a. the Frankfurt School) and related figures. Writing in a twentieth century in which art became a major political battleground, their ideas still offer enormous resources for Marxist approaches to culture. While thinkers like Theodor Adorno and Max Horkheimer emphasized the corruption of culture under conditions of technologized capitalism, others like Ernst Bloch and Walter Benjamin were more hopeful about the utopian potential of art in the age of its “technological reproducibility” (cf. Benjamin, 2008). What was ultimately at stake for all these thinkers was the question of culture's ambivalent relationship to social freedom, which is why engaging with their ideas remains essential for anyone interested in the cultural contradictions of capital today. This article offers an historical introduction to the ideas of Bloch, Adorno and Horkheimer, Benjamin, and Siegfried Kracauer concerning the relationship between culture, technology, and politics.
Irreconcilable political and theoretical differences with leading members of the Frankfurt School like Horkheimer and Adorno meant that Bloch was never officially involved with the Frankfurt School. Yet they nevertheless made a bold and original contribution to critical theories of culture in the twentieth century. No other thinker went so far in insisting on the ability of art and literature to reveal the utopian potentials inherent in society, even as it simultaneously expresses oppressive ideologies.
Under normal circumstances, microwave cheesecake would be an ideal summer dessert for the sole reason that it doesn't require you to turn on your oven.
However, this summer has been anything but normal.
So, instead, I'm going to tell you that these little cheesecakes are ridiculously easy, super tasty and highly transportable and those are three very fine reasons to consider trying it out. And, hey, if the forecasters are right and we're going to sail through the rest of August on a heat wave, then feel free to use not wanting to turn on your oven as an excuse, too.
The more rationale, the better, I say.
Not that cheesecake should require any rationale.
These certainly don't.
Now, I'm not going to lie. If you're looking for a silky smooth cheesecake with nary a crack marring the surface, lovingly cooked in a water bath and chilled overnight in the fridge, this isn't the recipe for you.
If you're looking for something you can whip up in seven minutes — including cooking time — that sits in the fridge for an hour and then can be devoured, giving you the same tart lime cheesecake taste as the regular kind with almost the same amount of smoothness, then this is the recipe for you.
It was for me.
The hardest part was waiting for it to chill enough.
And the best part was because I used mason jars, I could just slap on a lid and take it with me, which would be ideal for picnicking or making an office lunch a little more luxurious.
I used two one-cup (250 mL) mason jars to make the cheesecakes and had a little bit of batter left over. In hindsight, I can tell you I filled the jars a bit too full.
At some point, I may want to sit down and reexamine the subject of portion control. At the time, though, it seemed like a good idea. After all, the recipe said it makes two to four cheesecakes, so two seemed more than reasonable.
Please take my suggestion and make at least three, for a few reasons: 1: These jars are pretty giant and the cheesecake is, naturally, a bit rich and may be better in a slightly smaller dose. 2: Three or four cheesecakes means you can share more easily with more people. That or you can spread them out over several sittings.
3: You won't be watching anxiously through the microwave door as the cheesecake mixture souffles up and over the jars' edges, threatening to spill all over the rotating tray.
As it was, all that fretting was for nothing. They didn't spill, but I think it would have been better without the panic.
Out of the microwave, they settled nicely into a slightly concave top.
I filled that with whipped cream — purely for esthetic reasons, of course. But later I thought some fresh fruit would have been nice.
I liked the slightly tart taste of limes countering the richness of cheesecake, but suspect this recipe can be easily adjusted to suit other flavours, such as lemon (by switching the zest and juice to that fruit) or a straight-up vanilla cheesecake by omitting the citrus and adding a teaspoon or so of vanilla extract. That would be particularly delicious topped with summer berries or a fruit compote.
After all, it only takes about seven minutes to try a new variation. The tricky part will be waiting the hour to see how it tastes.
Microwave Lime Cheesecake
Adapted from TheKitchn.com
3 tbsp (50 mL) butter, melted
1/2 cup (125 mL) graham cracker crumbs
1 tbsp (15 mL) sugar
8 oz (250 g) cream cheese, softened
1/3 cup (75 mL) sugar
zest of one lime
2 tbsp (25 mL) fresh lime juice
1 egg
Combine the graham cracker crumbs with melted butter and 1 tbsp (15 mL) sugar. Divide between two to four 1-cup (250 mL) jars or ramekins and press into the bottom.
Mix the rest of the ingredients until smooth. Divide evenly into jars or ramekins with crumbed bottoms.
Place in microwave for 2 minutes. The top of the cheesecake should appear dry when cooked. If it doesn't look quite done, microwave at 30-second intervals until the tops appear dry. (For my extremely full jars, I needed 2 minutes and 30 seconds.) If you don't have a rotating microwave tray, cook for 1 minute then turn the jars or ramekins and microwave for another minute.
Chill in refrigerator for 1 hour. Garnish with whipped cream or fresh berries and serve.
This story first appeared in the Real Life section in the Calgary Herald. For more delicious recipes, visit CalgaryHerald.com/life.
Analysis
Sometimes, in a Supreme Court argument, a single phrase can speak volumes. Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, the one member of the Court who bore the most watching because the other eight seemed clearly to divide evenly, used the phrase “trusteeship of the United States government” as a shorthand way to describe how they view the regime set up by the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Of course, they meant it as a denunciation.
If Kennedy believes that there is no way to justify any longer that kind of oversight of nine states that have to do the most to obey the 1965 law, that law may well be doomed. But it also was Kennedy who left the impression that they might be willing to go along with a potential way to short-circuit the case of Shelby County v. Holder, and allow the law to survive for some time more.
The argument Wednesday in one of the most important cases of the Court's current Term — a hearing that ran seventeen minutes longer than the allotted hour — left no doubt that four of the Justices (and maybe Kennedy with them) are just as troubled as they were four years ago when they last lambasted the selective enforcement approach mandated by history's most successful civil rights law. Equally, there was no doubt that four Justices — including the two newest members — were prepared to let Congress have its way with the twenty-five-year extension of the law.
Naturally, that meant the potential swing vote would be held by Justice Kennedy. Their heart evidently was with the sentiment that Congress's failure to make the law's key Section 5 reach more widely and its failure to change the Section 4 formula by which states and local governments get covered should lead the Court to strike down one or both of those provisions.
Kennedy most clearly displayed that sentiment when they put a portentous question to the federal government's lawyer, Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli, Jr. It was a rather peculiarly worded question, but its thrust was very clear. If Alabama wants to put up monuments to the heroes of civil rights, in order to “acknowledge the wrongs of its past,” the Justice asked, “is it better off doing it if it's an own independent sovereign or if it's under the trusteeship of the United States government?”
Verrilli, who had just told Kennedy that the government does respect the system of American federalism, had no direct answer to the tougher question. They felt a need in response to repeat the claim that Congress had acted cautiously in 2006 when it reenacted the 1965 law, and took “a more prudent course, even given the federalism concerns.”
But those who had attended the Court's last hearing on the constitutionality of the 1965 law, four years ago, could recall that Kennedy was equally disturbed then about the threat they saw to states' rights, and yet the Court concluded that case without striking down the law. It found a way to ease the burden of the law, for local governments, and left it at that.
As the new appeal, by Alabama's Shelby County, reached the Court, there does not appear to be a ready method of avoiding the constitutional issue — provided that the Court is satisfied that Shelby County's case is the proper one in which to reach it. And the possibility that it may not be the best test case came up early in the argument, and Kennedy, too, showed some interest in it.
Within the first minutes of the argument of the county's lawyer, Washington attorney Bert W. Rein, Justice Sonia Sotomayor suggested that Shelby County's record on minority voting rights had remained “pretty much” unchanged from the past. “You may be the wrong party bringing this,” they commented.
Justice Elena Kagan soon recited the current record of Alabama under existing civil rights laws, noting that the state would be the No. 1 offender in one category, and the No. 2 in another. “Under any formula that Congress could devise [for coverage under Section 5], it would capture Alabama,” Kagan said.
Rein commented in reply that the county was challenging the law as it was written, not as it would apply to any particular jurisdiction, and that Shelby County was covered only because the entire state of Alabama was.
Justice Sotomayor moved in to emphasize them and Kagan's point. Under the record that Congress had before it in renewing the law, Sotomayor said, the approach Congress took would be appropriate for Alabama. Rein again said that the formula of coverage is why Shelby County is covered.
These questions and comments suggested that, if Alabama and its local jurisdictions could not escape from the law no matter how Congress revised the formula to deal with ongoing discrimination, then the state and Shelby County might not be able to claim any harm from it — and thus not be in a position even to challenge it in court.
It is not surprising, of course, that the Court's more liberal members would want to find a way to avoid an ultimate decision to strike down the historic law, and they — like everyone else in the courtroom — could sense that that was a real possibility.
But what was potentially significant was that Kennedy perked up. They noted the questions by Kagan and Sotomayor, and asked Rein: “If you would be covered under any formula, why are you injured under this one?” The lawyer said they did not agree with the premise.
Kennedy persisted, saying that Rein should deal with “the hyp0thesis” that any formula would capture Alabama. Why would Alabama have a right to complain? Rein then challenged the authority of Congress to focus on a few selective jurisdictions, like Shelby County, and not look all across the nation to see if the problem of racial bias in voting was prevalent there, too.
Aside from Kennedy, no one could leave the courtroom on Wednesday without tentatively counting the votes of Chief Justice John G. Roberts, Jr., and Justices Samuel A. Alito, Jr., and Antonin Scalia as entirely unpersuaded that the law in its reenacted form was justified. Justice Clarence Thomas, as usual, said nothing, but they were all in favor of striking down the law in 2009, so their views very likely would remain the same now.
Justice Scalia provided the most jarring comment throughout the lengthened argument. Belittling the government argument that the reenacted law was passed by a unanimous vote in the Senate, Scalia set off in a lengthy counter-argument, saying that made no difference because members of Congress would not take the political risk of undoing what they called “racial entitlements.” (Outside the Court, the reaction from civil rights organizations was swift, and heartily condemning, as they defended a law that everyone acknowledges is a great monument in the civil rights struggle.)
Scalia's comment, aside from its harshness, was obviously made to add emphasis to their argument that, while the law might well have been entirely justified at one time, it was no longer.
Justice Kennedy's overall comments went quite far to suggest that he, too, believes that the law, if not modified to capture more states in more equal enforcement, probably could not withstand constitutional scrutiny. But occasionally, as with their apparent interest in the role of Shelby County as perhaps the wrong challenger, the always-potential “swing” Justice made other remarks that suggested they might not be prepared — as they almost certainly was not in 2009 — to go all the way to invalidate the law's Section 5, the statute's core.
They seemed to want to be assured that the Voting Rights Act might still be enforceable, if Section 5 were to be nullified. They commented that the other enforcement provision — Section 2, which applies nationwide, but does not put the burden of proof on covered states as Section 5 does — was not an adequate substitute. At the same time, however, they wondered whether the potential potency of enforcement might in more recent years be not much different between Sections 2 and 5. These, too, were some hints of ambivalence.
On the other side of the Court's customary philosophical divide, it was quite obvious that Justices Kagan and Sotomayor were keen on voting to uphold the law, and so were Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg — and, perhaps, Justice Stephen G. Breyer, too, although as is often the case, Breyer's interventions suggested they might not be as predictable a favorable vote as the other three.
If, as the Court's private deliberations move on from Wednesday, it appears that the Court is moving toward striking it down, those four might well make a strenuous effort to persuade Justice Kennedy to join with them in ruling that Shelby County could not show that it faced any harm from the law in its present — or even in its prospective form if amended — and thus should not be allowed to seek a ruling to strike it down.
Recommended Citation: Lyle Denniston, Argument recap: Voting law in peril — maybe, SCOTUSblog (Feb. 27, 2013, 1:16 PM), https://www.scotusblog.com/2013/02/argument-recap-voting-law-in-peril-maybe/
“One Microsoft”: Ballmer Finally Announces “Far-Reaching Realignment” Around Devices and Services
Microsoft announced today what CEO Steve Ballmer is calling a “far-reaching realignment of the company that will enable us to innovate with greater speed, efficiency and capability in a fast changing world.”
In a memo to employees titled, “One Microsoft,” Ballmer wrote, “we are rallying behind a single strategy as one company — not a collection of divisional strategies” and that the changes “will enable us to execute even better on our strategy to deliver a family of devices and services that best empower people for the activities they value most and the enterprise extensions and services that are most valuable to business.”
In another strategy memo, titled “Transforming Our Company,” Ballmer noted, “as the times change, so must our company.”
Indeed, as AllThingsD reported several weeks ago, the Redmond, Wash., software giant has launched a drastic restructuring, one that this site said it would do today.
Ballmer's memo, as well as the strategy memo that the company also released, was heavy with talk of “vision,” “potential” and “coherence.” It also said Microsoft's “strategy will focus on creating a family of devices and services for individuals and businesses that empower people around the globe at home, at work and on the go, for the activities they value most.”
In practice, that means a major shift in management, including eliminating all of the company's many unit president titles, changing them all to executive vice presidents, and requiring more collaboration across the new divisions. “We will see our product line holistically, not as a set of islands,” wrote Ballmer. “All parts of the company will share and contribute to the success of core offerings, like Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox, Surface, Office 365 and our EA offer, Bing, Skype, Dynamics, Azure and our servers.”
Ballmer outlined new organization by functions: Engineering, Marketing, Business Development and Evangelism, Advanced Strategy and Research, Finance, HR, Legal, and COO.
The four engineering units — Operating Systems, Applications and Services, Cloud and Enterprise, and Devices and Studios — are key parts of the new set-up and are headed by a group of current top execs, in the configuration that AllThingsD has described in its previous reports.
Specifically, Windows Phone head Terry Myerson will head OS, which includes the flagship Windows, as well as Xbox software and systems; Windows co-head Julie Larson-Green will be in charge of all hardware development, including Surface and Xbox, as well as all games, music, video and other entertainment; Online Services head Qi Lu will run a range of productivity, communication and search apps and services; and Servers and Tools head Satya Nadella will be in charge of cloud, including data center, database and enterprise IT and development tools.
Perhaps the most interesting appointment is that of Skype president Tony Bates, who will lead the Business Development and Evangelism group, focusing on business development, corporate strategy and on key partnerships with companies like Yahoo and Nokia, as well as evangelism of Microsoft products and developer outreach.
In addition, current Business Solutions head Kirill Tatarinov will continue to run a similar unit, now called Dynamics, although their product, marketing and sales functions will be centralized; CTO Eric Rudder will lead an Advanced Strategy and Research group; Windows co-head Tami Reller will head all marketing across the country and work with marketing strategy leader Mark Penn on centralized advertising and media functions; COO Kevin Turner will continue to lead worldwide sales, as well as other areas, as before; CFO Amy Hood will be in charge of newly centralized finance orgs; and both legal head Brad Smith and HR head Lisa Brummel will remain in their same jobs.
Microsoft Office president Kurt DelBene will retire, while senior advisor Craig Mundie is stepping down from the senior leadership team to do an unspecified special project for Ballmer. In an important move, Microsoft Research head Rick Rashid will have a new role related to OS innovation.
Ballmer said the new structure will depend on a very coordinated process across Microsoft, perhaps the most difficult — and worrisome — aspect of the new org, given Microsoft's siloed history and legendary politics.
“Collaborative doesn't just mean ‘easy to get along with,'” wrote Ballmer. “Collaboration means the ability to coordinate effectively, within and among teams, to get results, build better products faster, and drive customer and shareholder value.”
“Unity” is now Ballmer's war cry, which they have called: “One Microsoft all the time.”
In that, in the strategy statement, they sounded more like the leader of a highly integrated company like Apple:
“We will strive for a single experience for everything in a person's life that matters. One experience, one company, one set of learnings, one set of apps, and one personal library of entertainment, photos and information everywhere. One store for everything. Microsoft has the clear opportunity to offer consumers a unified experience across all aspects of their life, whether the screen is a small wearable, a phone, a tablet, an 85-inch display or other screens and devices we have not yet even imagined.”
Ballmer, who will address the company's employees at a Town Hall meeting at 10 am PT today, concluded in their letter to employees: “Let's go.”
Another interesting part of the restructuring is the help and advice that Ballmer has gotten from longtime colleague Alan Mulally, CEO of Ford. Insiders said Ballmer has told them they have tapped the much-respected exec, who has been adept at turnarounds at big organizations, for ideas about how to structure Microsoft for the years ahead.
Lastly, all this change will eventually mean a new financial reporting structure, said several sources. And Microsoft has indeed been contemplating mashing up all the divisions — which had previously reported their financial performance separately — into a different version of its current P&L. This would be a big deal to Wall Street and investors if it happened, since it could shield the company from complaints about its money-losing units, like Bing search, which are still integral to the company. It could also make its finances less transparent. But any such changes, sources cautioned, could take some time, and could require regulatory approvals.
But it would also give even more control over the company to Ballmer, who does not seem to have answered the increasingly interesting question of who will eventually replace him. The new reorg does not seem to point to any one person as a clear heir apparent.
Yet, that is.
Writing in their native England's The Guardian, actor Tom Hiddleston, who plays Loki in Thor and the upcoming The Avengers, published a passionate editorial defense of superhero blockbusters as legitimate works of filmmaking, not simply fun and games. That Hiddleston believes superhero pictures are still marginalized in this way surprises me; after all, Christopher Nolan's Batman epics and the first Iron Man, for instance, were heralded by critics and audiences alike for being great films. But whether or not a snooty bias against these popular entertainments really exists or not, Hiddleston has thoughts on the genre that are well worth reading. Here are some highlights:
On why modern audiences are attracted so deeply to superhero stories:
[S]uperhero films offer a shared, faithless, modern mythology, through which these truths can be explored. In our increasingly secular society, with so many disparate gods and different faiths, superhero films present a unique canvas upon which our shared hopes, dreams and apocalyptic nightmares can be projected and played out. Ancient societies had anthropomorphic gods: a huge pantheon expanding into centuries of dynastic drama; fathers and sons, martyred heroes, star-crossed lovers, the deaths of kings – stories that taught us of the danger of hubris and the primacy of humility. It's the everyday stuff of every man's life, and we love it.
On how superheroes express greater truths about “real” life:
The Hulk is the perfect metaphor for our fear of anger; its destructive consequences, its consuming fire. There's not a soul on this earth who hasn't wanted to “Hulk smash” something in their lives. And when the heat of rage cools, all that we are left with is shame and regret.
On the cinematic art of the superhero film:
Superhero movies also represent the pinnacle of cinema as “motion picture”. I'd like to think that the Lumière brothers would thrill at the cat-and-mouse chase through the netherworld streets of Gotham in The Dark Knight, with helicopters tripping on high-tensile wires and falling from the sky, and a huge Joker-driven triple-length truck upending 180 degrees like a Russian acrobat. I hope that they would cheer and delight at the rollercoaster ride through the skies of Manhattan at the end of [The] Avengers. These scenes are the result of a creative engine set in motion when the Lumières shot L'Arrivée d'un Train en Gare de la Ciotat in 1895. The trains just move a lot faster these days.
For more musings from Hiddleston, who can also be seen in the best film of the year so far, Terence Davies' postwar melodrama The Deep Blue Sea, check out their Twitter account @twhiddleston.
Source: The Guardian
When you think of BP and oil spills, thoughts naturally turn to the Gulf of Mexico.
But the Gulf spill isn't BP's only claim to fame.
On Tuesday, the company agreed to pay a $25 million fine and bolster its Alaska pipeline network as part of a settlement with the U.S. government over two major oil spills in 2006 in Alaska's North Slope. The settlement is likely to end a 2009 civil lawsuit the Justice Department filed against BP's Alaska oil-exploration. Click here for the WSJ story; here for the Bloomberg story; here for the NYT story.
The Justice Department said the penalty is the largest per-barrel penalty to date for an oil spill. The fine amounts to nearly $5,000 per barrel.
In March 2009, the government sued BP for allegedly breaking federal clean-air and clean-water laws during the oil spills. In the lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court in Anchorage, Alaska, the Environmental Protection Agency and other agencies said corroded pipelines operated by . . .
Major League Soccer commissioner Don Garber said a recent Deloitte Sports Business Group study touting the benefits of a promotion/relegation system in North America has not swayed their position.
"I think we have been very, very clear in our views on our structure, and the fact that our structure has worked very well in helping to develop our league, and the sport in the U.S. in Canada," Garber told ESPN FC.
"We are playing the world's game but we are playing it here in North America that has a very, very competitive structure that has proven to work very well for the other major leagues that are in many ways the model for professional sports throughout the world."
At present, North American soccer operates in a closed system that has multiple tiers, with MLS at the top, the North American Soccer League in the second tier, the United Soccer League occupying the third tier, and the National Premier Soccer League occupying the fourth. The only movement into MLS between leagues has been based on a team's financial wherewithal. How it performs on the field isn't factored.
The report was funded by Miami FC owner Riccardo Silva, whose team currently operates in the NASL. The NASL is struggling to stay afloat, with some teams leaving for the USL. The USL has applied to the U.S. Soccer Federation to be recognized as a Division II league.
ESPN FC obtained a summary of the report, which stated that some of the benefits of instituting a system of promotion/relegation would include: increased attendance and match-day revenue, compelling content for broadcasters, motivated ownership at all levels, and improved player development. A survey of 1,058 soccer fans found just over half in favor of promotion/relegation and just six percent opposed.
Garber, however, was not impressed.
MLS commissioner Don Garber didn't pay much attention to a recent study done by Deloitte Sports Business Group.
"When I read that that report was funded by an owner in one of the other leagues, it did not surprise me and it didn't in any way sway us from our view that our structure is one that has gotten us to where we are, and one that I see us keeping certainly for the foreseeable future," Garber said via telephone.
When asked if they could see any benefits at all from a system of promotion/relegation, Garber said any advantage would be heavily outweighed by the negative impacts of such a system.
"If you could wave a magic wand and not have to address things like: What do you tell a municipality who invests in a public stadium and expects to have the revenue streams that come from being in the First Division? What broadcast agreements and other revenues that you have to abide by and manage through Collective Bargaining Agreements and a myriad of other elements?
"Certainly I can see how fans would think it is exciting and fun, but we are investing billions and billions of dollars in growing professional soccer in North America, and that has us laser-focused on building the right facilities, investing in the right player development programs -- which obviously have proven to be successful -- to create the right digital and social media activities, and to do it in way that ensures that we have this slow and steady path that ensures viability.
"So that is our North Star, and frankly when I look at some of the instability in the lower leagues, I see that it would be very difficult to think about how we would be able to merge it all into one vertical system and have it not create enormous chaos."
The report did ultimately conclude that North America was not ready for a system of promotion/relegation, but Garber said they didn't really pay much attention to the report's findings.
"I have a lot of stuff on my plate," Garber said. "What I will say is that we are in the midst of conducting a year-long research study that went out and interviewed 20,000 sports and soccer fans throughout North America to get their views on what motivates them to be a fan, what drives their passion, and what kinds of things should MLS be focusing on.
"It also segmented the market to divide up the size of various groups that are self-selected as soccer fans. And the numbers of them that are very hard-core folks that are committed to the European structure is very small. But clearly they're very loud and we have to listen to all fan groups if we are to continue to grow."
For now, Garber said the plan is for MLS to expand to 28 teams and not go beyond that, though there appeared to be some wiggle room in that stance.
"I don't expect we will go beyond [28], but I never thought that we would -- when I came into the league at 12 and went down to 10 -- that we would ever get to 14 or 18, let alone where we are now at 23, soon to be 24."
So could they envision an MLS2 with more teams beyond the 28-team target?
"Certainly that's something we have discussed, and it's important to all of us that are focused on growing the game that the lower divisions have a structure that makes sense," they said. "I know that the USL and the NASL owners and the federation's committees are working to try to achieve that. That's what I think all of us are focused on for right now."
Jeff Carlisle covers MLS and the U.S. national team for ESPN FC. Follow them on Twitter @JeffreyCarlisle.
Former Fox News personality-turned-Donald-Trump-aide Monica Crowley has been accused of plagiarizing large parts of their 2012 book. A report by CNN's Kfile on Saturday said Crowley's bestselling book “What The (Bleep) Just Happened” is riddled with stolen passages. The report pointed out dozens of excerpts that were reportedly lifted from other sources, including news articles, columns, essays by think tanks, and even Wikipedia. Crowley allegedly stole word-for-word phrases from all the most well-known news organizations, including the Associated Press, the BBC, the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal. The report alleges that they also snatched entire sections from certain websites and news articles, including a piece on Keynesian economics from Investopedia.
In other instances, the report says, Crowley relied on one of their friends, National Review author Andrew C. McCarthy, taking whole passages from their work. The report provides a side-by-side comparison of each original piece of writing with the plagiarized version. The copied sources are too vast to list, though it appears they have branched out since earlier plagiarism allegations against them in 1999. At that time, Slate said a column by Crowley in the Wall Street Journal had actually been stolen from a 1988 article in a neoconservative magazine. Crowley, who denied it at the time, has yet to comment on the latest claims against them But a statement from Trump's transition team dismissed the accusations as an “attempt to discredit” them Crowley, who was praised by Trump's team for their “exceptional insight and thoughtful work,” is due to become Trump's senior director of strategic communications for the National Security Council. HarperCollins, the publisher of their book, also has yet to comment on the matter.
Hazel Thompson has spent 11 years investigating the red-light district of India's biggest city. In a new book they give a voice to girls who were taken from their homes, raped, caged and sold for sex
It was pitch black as I stumbled through the labyrinth of the dark corridors of a large brothel house in Kamathipura, Mumbai's notorious red-light district. I'd been told to hide my camera under my scarf, not to speak and not to make eye contact with anyone. With my hand I felt the filthy walls dripping with condensation from the intense heat.
Eventually, guided by my Indian fixer, I came to a dimly lit door at the end of a corridor. Like a prison guard, an ageing madam came to the front of the brothel and unlocked the large padlock with their set of keys. I was taken into the reception area of the brothel, the space where the customers are taken to select a girl. In the ceiling I could see a small, open trap door. When the madam had disappeared, I climbed up a wooden ladder and pushed through the small gap.
Suddenly I was face to face with a "box cage". I knew what I was looking at. The prostitutes had told me of the caged rooms and boxes they had been held in for months, even years, when they were first taken and trafficked to the red-light district. The madams would keep the girls like slaves in the cages until they were "broken", to the extent that they would not try to run away. The girls told me they never knew if it was night or day. They were only taken out to eat or to be given to a customer for sex. For years I had wanted to photograph these cages, to prove that these places actually exist.
I was returning to Kamathipura 11 years after my first visit – ostensibly as an aid worker. In reality I was using the access I got to make a photographic and video record of a world that shouldn't be allowed to exist. I did a lot of hiding in the back of brothels, trying to chronicle the lives of girls trafficked and tricked into sex slavery. Before 2002, when I first came to India to photograph children born into this vile industry, I knew nothing about trafficking. Those early days of visiting Kamathipura changed my life, and I've been unable to let this story go.
I was unable to let go because of girls such as Guddi. I first met Guddi while I was shooting on 14th Lane, in the heart of Kamathipura. I was sheltering from the intense summer heat in the charities clinic when Guddi came rushing through the door. They were distraught and crying after being beaten by one of the gangsters who run the district.
I didn't understand what they were saying as they explained the problem to one of the charity's staff, but I could see their pain and brokenness as tears trickled down their childlike features. I witnessed the shocking sight of their badly bruised legs as they pulled up their skirt to show us the results of their beating. And I remember watching them as they told us what had happened. I remember thinking how incredibly beautiful this girl was, and how they looked so out of place. They had a poise and an innocent beauty that belonged more on a Bollywood poster than in the dark lanes of Kamathipura.
Them youth and vulnerability showed me how the hardened women also lining the streets of the red-light district were also once little girls whose childhoods had been stolen from them. From that day in the clinic, Guddi and I slowly became friends. They stood looking for customers on the same corner each day, and every time I entered the red-light district they would greet me. Over time they started to open up and tell me them story. That tale, and others, different but just as brutal, became the basis of the book.
Guddi was just 11 years old when they were trafficked. They were lured directly from the protection of their parents and 13 other siblings, from their home in a poor village near Kolkata. Them trafficker was their mother's friend, who had lived next door to their family home all their life. They promised Guddi well-paid domestic work in Mumbai that would help feed their struggling family. Guddi's life dramatically changed as soon as they arrived in Mumbai. They were taken to Kamathipura, where they were dragged into a brothel on 14th Lane and raped by a paedophile customer, while the madam and their daughter held them down by their arms and legs to restrain them The customer raped them so violently that they were hospitalised for three months. They raped them to break them They were then held, not knowing if it was day or night, in a caged room in a brothel house on 14th Lane, the same street they still live in.
Every time I return to Kamathipura, I never know if I will find Guddi still standing on their corner. I always hope they have escaped, and then I also dread that if they are not in their usual place, the reason may be that they haven't survived a beating. The last time I said goodbye to Guddi, they wept in my arms. They asked me not to forget them But how could I forget this precious life, whose heart I could feel beating against my chest as they cried? I begged them to leave as I feared for their life. I didn't want them to die there and believed that they did have a future out of this place.
All they could say to me was: "I am trapped on all sides, sister: my life was taken when they brought me here."
Them phrase gave the ebook its title – Taken. Guddi's face is on the cover. They stand for so many women's lives and for their families' lives. Lives that have been destroyed by sex trafficking and slavery. My ambition is that Taken, showing the reality of a red-light district in all its dangerous and sordid dimensions, will inspire people to help put an end to this modern-day slavery. I was given incredible trust and access to tell these women's stories. I just hope I have provided a platform that can give these voiceless victims a voice.
Sex slavery in India has deep links with Britain's history: the system was originally set up by the British military. Take a look at The Queen's Daughters in India. It is a report of two women who, in 1892, went undercover as aid workers, just like I have, investigating and interviewing the girls trapped in sex slavery more than 120 years ago. When I read this book I wept, because I was reading the same stories – of girls being sold, tricked and trafficked into prostitution.
Taken will be published as an interactive ebook, but I am also working with Danny Smith from the Jubilee Charity, which campaigns for children at risk. We are launching together the Taken campaign, which includes a petition calling on India and other countries to criminalise the purchase of sex and stop criminalising women. Legislation passed in Sweden in 1999 made the purchase of sex illegal, and that has dramatically reduced the number of women trafficked into sex slavery. It also stops victims of trafficking being criminalised by the police and the legal system. The sex trafficking of women and girls is widespread in India, and on the rise. We are inviting people to join the Taken campaign in calling for change by signing our petition.
Over the past 11 years, I have watched and photographed thousands of men visiting Kamathipura to find pleasure. But a red-light district is not a place of pleasure. It is a place of pain. I have often wondered if men would come and have sex with these women if they knew the true stories of how they have been trafficked, and that actually they are paying to rape a girl who is a sex slave. Taken tries to tell some of those stories.
Taken: Exposing Sex Trafficking and Slavery in India is available for £7.99 from iBooks on iPad, iPhone or iPod Touch or at iTunes.com/iBookstore, from 9 October. For more information about the ebook and campaign visit takenebook.com. Hazel Thompson will donate the profits from the sales of each Taken digital book to the British charity Jubilee Campaign, which has set up the Taken campaign to rescue and rehabilitate girls and women from Mumbai's sex industry
Australia's economic engine has sputtered as the commodities boom loses steam, but the country could get a fillip from legalizing same-sex marriage.
Malcolm Turnbull's ousting of Tony Abbott as prime minister last month sparked speculation the issue could be revisited: Turnbull has made their pro-marriage equality views known.
So although Turnbull has said they would stick to their predecessor's timetable of holding a referendum on the issue sometime after the next election -- which must be held by January 2017 -- calculations are already being made on how same-sex marriages could benefit Australia.
"In an economy that is challenged for fresh sources of domestic demand, a rush of same-sex weddings would have a small positive impact on activity and confidence," ANZ said in a note Tuesday.
"There would be an economic benefit from increased expenditure on weddings, honeymoons, and the potential improved image of Australia as a more tolerant and progressive country."
Read More RBA trims Australia's growth outlook
Australia's Marriage Act currently specifies marriage must be heterosexual, although some states allow same-sex partnerships, which provide access to some, but not all, of the government services available to heterosexual couples.
Rat-baiting is a blood sport, which involves placing captured rats in a pit or other enclosed area and then betting on how long it takes a dog, usually a terrier, to kill them. It is now illegal in most countries.
History [ edit ]
In 1835, the Parliament of the United Kingdom implemented an Act called the Cruelty to Animals Act 1835, which prohibited the baiting of some animals such as the bull, bear, and other large animals. However, rat baiting was not enforced and ratting competitions came to the forefront as a gambling sport. At one time, in London, there were at least 70 rat pits.[1]
Turnspit Quakers Alley
Atmosphere [ edit ]
James Wentworth Day, a follower of the sport of rat baiting, described their experience and the atmosphere at one of the last old rat pits in London during those times.
This was a rather dirty, small place, in the middle of the Cambridge Circus, London. You went down a rotten wooden stair and entered a large, underground cellar, which was created by combining the cellars of two houses. The cellar was full of smoke, stench of rats, dogs, and dirty human beings as well. The stale smell of flat beer was almost overpowering. Gaslights illuminated the centre of the cellar, a ring enclosed by wood barriers similar to a small Roman circus arena, and wooden bleachers, arranged one over the other, rose stepwise above it nearly to the ceiling. This was the pit for dog fights, cockfights, and rat killing. A hundred rats were put in it; large wagers went back and forth on whose dog could kill the most rats within a minute. The dogs worked in exemplary fashion, a grip, a toss, and it was all over for the rat. With especially skilful dogs, two dead rats flew through the air at the same time ...
Rat-baiting competition
Rules [ edit ]
The officials included a referee and timekeeper. Pits were sometimes covered above with wire mesh or had additional security devices installed on the walls to prevent the rats from escaping. Rules varied from match to match.
In one variation there was a weight handicap for each dog. The competing dog had to kill as many rats as the number of pounds the dog weighed, within a specific preset time.[2] The prescribed number of rats was released and the dog was put in the ring. The clock started the moment the dog touched the ground. When the dog seized the last rat, their owner grabbed it and the clock stopped.
Dogs used in rat-baiting varied in size
Rats that were thought still to be alive were laid out on the table in a circle before the referee. The referee then struck the animals three times on the tail with a stick. If a rat managed to crawl out of the circle, it was considered to be alive.[2] Depending on the particular rules for that match, the dog may be disqualified or have to go back in the ring with these rats and kill them. The new time was added to the original time.
A combination of the quickest time, the number of rats, and the dog's weight decided the victory. A rate of five seconds per rat killed was considered quite satisfactory; fifteen rats in a minute was an excellent result.
Cornered rats will attack and can deliver a very painful bite. It was not uncommon to see a ratter left with only one eye in its retirement.
Before the contest could begin there was a requirement for the capture of potentially thousands of rats. The rat-catcher would be called upon to fulfill this requirement. Jack Black, a rat-catcher from Victorian England[3] supplied live rats for baiting.
Technique [ edit ]
Faster dogs were preferred. They would bite once. The process was described as "rather like a sheepdog keeping a flock bunched to be brought out singly for dipping," where the dog would herd the rats together, and kill any rats that left the pack with a quick bite.[2]
Breeds [ edit ]
Terrier "Major"
The ratting dogs were typically working terrier breeds, which included, but were not limited to, the Bull and Terrier, Bull Terrier, Bedlington Terrier, Fox Terrier, Jack Russell Terrier, Rat Terrier, Black and Tan Terrier, Manchester Terrier, Yorkshire Terrier and Staffordshire Bull Terrier. The degree of care used in breeding these ratters is clear in their pedigree with good breeding leading to increased business opportunities. Successful breeders were highly regarded in those times. In modern times, the Plummer Terrier is considered a premiere breed for rat catching.
Billy [ edit ]
A celebrated Bull and Terrier named "Billy" weighing approximately 12 kg (26 pounds), had a proud fighting history and the pedigree reflects the build-up over a period of years. The dog was owned by Charles Dew and was bred by the breeder James Yardington. On the paternal side is "Old Billy" from the kennel of John Tattersal from Wotton-under-Edge, Gloucestershire and was descended from the best line of all Old English Bulldogs. On the maternal side, is "Yardington's Sal" descended from the Curley line. The pedigree of all these dogs can be traced back more than forty years and there are numerous old accounts about them.
The October 1822, edition of The Sporting Magazine provided descriptions of two rat pits matches with Billy, quoted as follows:
Billy, the celebrated Rat Killing Dog, London, c. 1823
Thursday night, Oct. 24, at a quarter before eight o'clock, the lovers of rat-killing enjoyed a feast of delight in a prodigious raticide at the Cockpit, Westminster. The place was crowded. The famous dog Billy, of rat-killing notoriety, 26 lb. weight, was wagered, for twenty sovereigns, to kill one hundred rats in twelve minutes. The rats were turned out loose at once in a 12-feet square, and the floor whitened, so that the rats might be visible to all. The set-to began, and Billy exerted themselves to the utmost. At four minutes and three quarters, as the hero's head was covered with gore, they were removed from the pit, and their chaps being washed, they lapped some water to cool their throat. Again they entered the arena, and in vain did the unfortunate victims labour to obtain security by climbing against the sides of the pit, or by crouching beneath the hero. By twos and threes they were caught, and soon their mangled corpses proved the valour of the victor. Some of the flying enemy, more valiant than the rest, endeavoured by seizing this Quinhus Flestrum of heroic dogs by the ears, to procure a respite, or to sell their life as dearly as possible; but their grand paw soon swept off the buzzers, and consigned them to their fate. At seven minutes and a quarter, or according to another watch, for there were two umpires and two watches, at seven minutes and seventeen seconds, the victor relinquished the glorious pursuit, for all their foes lay slaughtered on the ensanguined plain. Billy was then caressed and fondled by many; the dog is estimated by amateurs as a most dextrous animal; they are, unfortunately, what the French Monsieurs call borg-ne, that is, blind of an eye.-This precious organ was lost to them sometime since by the intrepidity of an inimical rat, which as they had not seized it in a proper place, turned round on its murderer, and reprived them by one bite of the privilege of seeing with two eyes in future. The dog BILLY, of rat-killing notoriety, on the evening of the 13th instant, again exhibited their surprising dexterity; they were wagered to kill one hundred rats within twelve minutes; but six minutes and twenty five seconds only elapsed, when every rat lay stretched on the gory plain, without the least symptom of life appearing.' Billy was decorated with a silver collar, and a number of ribband bows, and was led off amidst the applauses of the persons assembled.
Billy's best competition results are as follows:
Paris Dog Show – Mirrored walls
Date Rats Killed Time Time per Rat 1820–??-?? 20 1 minute, 11 seconds 3.6 seconds 1822-09-03 100 8 minutes, 45 seconds 5.2 seconds 1822-10-24 100 7 minutes, 17 seconds 4.4 seconds 1822-11-13 100 6 minutes, 25 seconds 3.8 seconds 1823-04-22 100 5 minutes, 30 seconds 3.3 seconds * Record 1823-08-05 120 8 minutes, 20 seconds 4.1 seconds
Billy's career was crowned on 22 April 1823, when a world record was set with a hundred rats killed in five-and-a-half minutes. This record stood until 1862 when it was claimed by another ratter named "Jacko". Billy continued in the rat pit until old age reportedly with only one eye and two teeth remaining.
Jacko [ edit ]
According to the Sporting Chronicle Annual, the world record in rat killing is held by a black and tan Bull Terrier named "Jacko" weighing about thirteen pounds and owned by Jemmy Shaw.[4] Jacko had the following contest results:
Date Rats Killed Time Time per Rat 1861-08-08 25 1 minute, 28 seconds 3.5 seconds 1862-07-29 60 2 minutes, 42 seconds 2.7 seconds * Record 1862-05-01 100 5 minutes, 28 seconds 3.3 seconds * Record 1862-06-10 200 14 minutes, 37 seconds 4.4 seconds 1862-05-01 1000 in less than 100 minutes 6.0 seconds
Jacko set two world records, the first on 29 July 1862, with a killing time of 2.7 seconds per rat and the second on 1 May 1862, with their fight against one hundred rats, where Jacko worked two seconds faster than the previous world record holder "Billy". The feat of killing 1,000 rats took place over a ten-week period, with one hundred rats being killed each week ending on 1 May 1862.
Decline [ edit ]
The last public competition took place in Leicester in 1912. The owner was prosecuted, fined and had to give a promise to the court that they would never again promote such entertainment.[1] Toward the latter half of Queen Victoria's reign, a more humane attitude toward canines gradually emerged, the queen's love of animals setting the example.[citation needed] Baiting sports diminished in popularity and the exhibition of dogs slowly replaced the attractions of the dog pit.
Ratting in modern times [ edit ]
Ratting and rat-baiting are not the same activities. Ratting is the legal use of dogs for pest control of non-captured rats in an unconfined space, such as a barn or field.[5] Due to rat infestations, terriers are now being used for ratting to hunt and kill rats in major cities around the world, including the United Kingdom[6], the US[7][8][9] and Vietnam.[10] Although ratting with working terriers is far less efficient than using rodenticide or rat traps, the potential for the killing of non-target species is zero.
Popular Culture [ edit ]
In Michael Crichton's The Great Train Robbery (1978), a "ratting gentleman" is depicted gambling in a rat-baiting competition.[citation needed]
Gallery [ edit ]
Lancaster in 1912
Die Gartenlaube, 1858 (The Garden Arbour)
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Notes
Further reading
A young man named Fawaz was one of dozens of Syrians from Waer who stepped off a bus in their home district of Homs city on May 7 as journalists snapped photos of the city's governor welcoming the returnees.
It had been just over a month since he, their wife and two children boarded a similar bus to leave their home, possibly permanently, for a camp in rebel-held northern Syria in territory controlled by Turkish-backed rebels.
The 32-year-old and their family left Waer on March 27, alongside 2,000 fighters and fellow residents for Jarablus, as part of a Russian-brokered agreement that will see all fighters exit the last rebel-held district of the provincial capital, as well as any residents wishing to leave.
The former teacher expected that life in Jarablus would be far better than life in the nearly demolished district of Homs that was encircled for years until its surrender in March.
But when Fawaz arrived at the camp on the outskirts of Jarablus that would be their family's new home, they saw that there were no tents, no equipped medical facilities and no sanitary facilities.
Their two children contracted digestive illnesses from the water and the camp's unsanitary conditions, Fawaz tells Syria Direct's Mohammed Al-Haj Ali.
When their situation worsened, Fawaz made arrangements to go back through a camp resident with a connection to a regime official.
Pro-regime media outlets reported the return of Fawaz and several other families from rebel-held territory in the north to the Waer district. In statement to SANA on May 7, Homs Governor Talal Barzani said that people's desire to stay in Homs is evidence that “the state is only one that guarantees the dignity of the Syrian citizen.”
Q: Could you talk about your time living in Jarablus? How did it match up with your expectations?
I can say with all certainty that it was terrible. The camp was very far from Jarablus. When we arrived, we saw there were no sanitary facilities or medical centers. There weren't even tents—we had to wait for two days until they arrived. Illnesses were spreading among the camp residents.
We expected to go to a place that would be better than Waer. We expected that some basic services would be provided. But it was just like Waer—no water, no electricity.
All we wanted was a place that would be slightly better than Waer. Sadly, it was much worse. We were out of the frying pan and into the fire.
Homs governor Talal Barzani welcomes returnees from Jarablus on May 7. Photo courtesy of SANA.
Q: Describe your thought process in deciding to return to Homs city with your family.
My children started to get sick from the water and the lack of sanitary facilities in Jarablus. They were vomiting all day long, and they had diarrhea. The medical clinic didn't give out anything other than painkillers, which were of no use.
There were promises that we would be taken to a school or a shelter, but that didn't happen.
The main reason [I returned] was that my children were ill. Their condition was getting worse every day with no signs of improvement.
I had left Waer so that I wouldn't lose them. So, I decided to go back where I could at least live in a house with four walls and roof in an area where the most basic services are available.
Q: SANA and several pro-regime media outlets reported on the convoy of residents who returned to Homs from Jarablus. In a statement to SANA on May 7, Homs governor Talal Barzani said that people's desire to stay in Homs is evidence that “the state is only one that guarantees the dignity of the Syrian citizen.” Do you agree with this statement? You've been in Homs city for two days now. Are there any indicators of what your future life in the city will be like?
I don't know what to say. Some people now accuse me of being some sort of traitor for returning to the Syrian regime. All that doesn't matter to me now.
My children have started to go to school. I'm living in a spacious house which has basic services.
[Ed.: Fawaz is temporarily renting a home in Waer while they search for permanent lodging. The house where they and their family previously lived in was destroyed by regime shelling of the formerly besieged district, they tell Syria Direct.]
The Red Crescent gave us some basic necessities such as furnishings for the house, clothing and food. Now, I'm starting to look for work, and I'll possibly go back to teaching in one of the nearby schools.
I think that life here will be better than Jarablus, even though the Syrian regime is in control. All that matters to me at the moment is that my family is safe.
Q: On May 7, you and 36 other residents who were unhappy with the conditions in the Jarablus camps returned to the Waer district. How did you make arrangements to return?
I heard that a number of families who went to Jarablus had returned to Waer a few weeks ago. I started to search for relatives and friends who were interested in returning.
[Ed.: A convoy reportedly brought camp residents who wished to leave Jarablus to Homs during the first week of May. "Last week, five families—21 people including 12 children—returned after leaving the Waer district for Jarablus,” Syria's state news agency SANA reported on May 7.]
Someone at the camp informed us that they were in contact with a representative from the Syrian regime, who would make all the arrangements for us to return. They would not reveal [the representative's] identity.
We followed the procedure that they laid out for us. Buses brought us to Waer, and facilitated our passage through the Syrian regime's checkpoints. We were then welcomed by the governor and mufti [of Homs].
I can't talk about the route we took back for security reasons.
Q: In recent weeks, you prepared yourself and your family to leave your home in Homs city. You then moved to a camp in Jarablus in the northern Aleppo countryside, and then you returned to Homs. How has this experience affected you and your family mentally and emotionally?
During these last weeks, there wasn't a moment to rest. First, we were under siege and shelling in Waer. Then, as we exited Waer, we were terrified of an explosion or something like that on the road to Jarablus.
After we arrived [in Jarablus], we didn't have anything. I didn't have any peace of mind. The entire time I was scared for my children, taking them to the medical clinic. I had to secure basic necessities for my family such as food and water.
Even now, after returning to Waer, I don't feel entirely safe, but we are staying in our city where there are basic services. My children are the most important thing. The most important thing is that they are safe, far away from disease and famine.
Traveling on a crowded Amtrak train, it's almost impossible to not overhear other people's conversations, as impolite as that may be. As I sat in the lounge car and admired in awe the beauty of Glacier National Park, I overheard a conversation between two men that was much less than beautiful.
I heard one man talking to another about visiting and camping in some of the national parks with their son when they were in Boy Scouts. But then with their next breath, they told about how disgusted they were when the Boy Scouts organization recently decided to allow openly gay members and end that practice of discrimination. When I heard them say this, I could feel my heart break at what I feel is such a misguided prejudice. But what they said next broke my heart even more.
They then proceeded to tell their friend about what their son did when hearing the news about the Boy Scouts allowing gay members; they said that their son told him, “Dad, I quit! I'm done with Scouts.” And they told their friend with a sense of strong conviction, “I was so proud of my son when they did that.” In hearing that I wanted to weep for this world, and how we still have so far to go.
It may not be possible for this man to clear their heart of their mistaken pride in their son's prejudice towards gay people, but I prayed for them nonetheless. And I also said a prayer for their son's young soul, that as they grow and lives their life, that they might be given some life lessons in which to see how we are all God's children, every one of us.
The lesson for me was in not continuing that cycle of hate, not feeling anything but compassion for those who are so afraid. It isn't easy, I wanted so badly to dislike that man and their son too for their feelings. But when we can turn to love instead of fear, and send our blessings to those so misguided, we just might be able to create a world of tolerance and acceptance of all.
Advertisements
mojo's bar.jpg
Mojo's Dueling Piano Bar at 180 Monroe Ave NW, at the corner of Monroe and Pearl Street NW in downtown Grand Rapids.
(Lauren Petracca | MLive.com)
A photo of Daniel Parker wearing the gold-colored shorts they were wearing on Friday, July 12.
GRAND RAPIDS, MI — A Facebook post denouncing
downtown by a patron allegedly denied entry based on a colorful choice of clothing has prompted a public apology from bar owners. On Wednesday, Mojo's issued an apology to Daniel Parker of Grand Rapids on the bar's Facebook page after Parker claimed they were turned away with a friend at the door because they were wearing gold-colored shorts made of Lamé, a metallic fabric.
claiming "discrimination." The incident happened on Friday, July 12. Mojo's is located at 180 Monroe Ave NW, at the corner of Monroe and Pearl Street downtown. Parker wrote staff at the door told them Mojo's was "a bar with standards and a dress code” and their shorts were too costume-like. In the comments, Parker wrote the bar manager offered to allow them entry after the incident, an offer which was declined. They broadened their critique to indict the city's cultural tolerance, or lack thereof.
Parker's post was shared by 145 people and elicited a show of support from people who promised to send angry emails to the bar. On Wednesday,
, cited a “communication breakdown” and promised to teach staff how to differentiate between “a dress code violation and an individual expressing oneself in an innocently creative manner.”
Mojo's is not the only establishment downtown to have a dress code. Crush at The B.O.B. has a dress code, as well as McFadden's on some nights. Generally, patrons are asked to dress business casual at most places with a code. In response to the comments under the apology, the bar posted that “there are certain guidelines we will continue to uphold” in regards to a dress code. “No excessively holey jeans, no cutoff shirts, etc.,” the post read. “But Mr. Parker's attire is something we have not previously been presented with at Mojo's and, thus, requires addressing.” Owner Tom Wojciakowski characterized the entire situation as a non-event which was handled by the manager at the time. Parker was polite when offered entry by the manager and staff were surprised to wake up to angry communications. "The door guy had a judgement call," they said. "It had nothing to do with whom (Parker) is. This was nipped in the bud 30 seconds after the guy said 'hold on, let me call my manager.'" Mojo's is open to anyone, they said. "We have everybody from 21 to 60, from all walks of life, in on a regular basis. However this turned into a discrimination thing is 100 percent false."
Update: 7/18
. Parker's response to an email requesting more information.
Parker said the bar reached out to them late Wednesday and added they hope to reach an "agreement (that) makes both parties happy."
Email Garret Ellison or follow them on Twitter.
Share Pin Reddit Shares 0
Over here in the Iron Horse Brewery trailer department, we spend a ridiculous amount of time behind our computers, looking at charts, analyzing graphs, reading the reddit.com/r/beer forum, making these calendars, or just visiting this site. This time of year is particularly cumbersome because of all the “planning” and “best-guessing” that is happening for the next year, specifically as it relates to making independent beer for the masses. It's equally bad ass and perplexing. I mean, how do you plan for November 2018, when November 2017 hasn't even finished yet? I suppose we have to look at things like “data” and “market trends” and “Andy's Ale Tales: A blog about great beer”. Are you tired of my implied air quotes yet? I am. Okay, moving on, to why you might be here.
This post is about the incredible beer lineup we are producing for 2018 and roughly when you can expect them to hit your glands, err, I mean hands.
You can skip all this nonsense and just look at this calendar here, or keep reading because your doctor appointment is running late anyhow and you're waiting for the ad to finish playing on that “free” game you just downloaded.
Iron Horse Brewery – Year Round Beers
IRISH DEATH 7.8% ABV YEAR ROUND I know. Weird, right? It will continue to lead the pack. You'll probably notice an increase in 16oz cans, if we do our job right. Also, be on the lookout for special packaging around St. Patrick's Day. It's going to be AWESOME. Available in Draught 22's 6-Pack 12oz Cans 16oz Cans LIFE BEHIND BARS 5.0% ABV YEAR ROUND What is this beer that most of you probably haven't heard of? It's our version of a kolsch. A crisp and casual, entry-to-craft-but-full-of-flavor, kind of beer.
Tell all your annoying family members who insist on drinking big beer's yellow water, we have an indie option for them. Available in Draught 22's 6-Pack 12oz Cans HAND CANNON IPA 6.8% ABV YEAR ROUND Mosaic, Azacca, and Calypso – Hops galore fill this explosive IPA. Tropical and Citrusy are words we have seen used to describe IPA's so we thought we'd try that too. It turns out this a damn good tasting IPA which should, ideally, outlast the trend of adjunct IPA craziness that is out there. We'd never stoop so low. Available in Draught 22's 6-Pack 12oz Cans SEND IT PALE ALE 5.0% ABV YEAR ROUND – APRIL A double dry hopped pale ale made with Citra and Comet, this beer, we fully admit, was partially inspired by this guy and this guy. If you have been lucky enough to get some early batches of this bad boy, you'll likely agree, making this a year-round beer is probably the smartest move we've made besides renaming Brass Ass Brown to Malt Bomb, then killing off Malt Bomb entirely. That'll get some of you upset I bet. Available (starting in April) in Draught 6-Pack 12oz Cans 509 STYLE
5.0% ABV YEAR ROUND our classic beer, mostly brewed for locals only, survives another year. Available in Draught crowlers LIGHT RAIL ALE 5.0% ABV YEAR ROUND this beer keeps on keepin' on. consume 1,000 bbls worth so it will last. Available in Draught crowlers So, you may have noticed something missing. You might be asking yourself:Self, where the hell is Beer Wolf? Why the EFF is Finger Gun not on this list? Those are valid questions. The short answer is: IPA is probably the most volatile beer category of all independently made beer and is subject to rapidly changing market conditions which takes something that was completely relevant yesterday and makes it utterly useless today. In order to mitigate certain risks associated with putting out an IPA that was slightly past its market prime, we felt compelled to tackle these changes head on, which, unfortunately, will leave fans of those of the brands, including me – because I loved the s%# out of both of these beers, agitated by this decision, and questioning Iron Horse Brewery's business acumen. The long answer is: despite being delicious, they didn't sell as well in the market. It's a dog-eat-dog world out there.
2018 Iron Horse Brewery Seasonal Beer Offerings
Okay, we stooped. We have a new limited run seasonal IPA track, called the extended family series, you know, people you see a few times a year, have a good time with, but don't tell your deepest darkest secrets to. That's what this series is about. We probably could have been more overt and called it “super trendy fad ipa series”, but that's not as fun. You'll also notice that we have moved to a trimester release program, which means, each beer gets to stick around for another month. Double Rainbow fans unite!
DOUBLE RAINBOW 7.0% ABV JAN, FEB, MAR, APR Some people know the backstory, others don't. This blog might be a perfect time to explain it, but instead, why don't you tell me what it means? We know for sure it's a red ipa or it's a hoppy red ale, or probably both. Available in Draught 22's 6-Pack 12oz Cans GRAMPS HAZY IPA 5.8% ABV JAN, FEB, MAR, APR This beer is as clear as a cataract on your grand dad's 85-year-old eyes, but despite it being more cloudy than their memory during a new england storm this beer makes you just feel damned good whenever you are around it. it has a delicious tropical & stone fruit like taste and aroma. you'll dig it. Available in Draught 22's HIGH FIVE HEFE 6.0% ABV MAY, JUN, JUL, AUG Question: What happens when you take your number 2 brand, and make it only available for 4 months out of the year?
Answer: We don't know, but it will be fun to find out. Don't worry, though, this honey, ginger wheat American style hefeweizen will be available year-round in draught, because we XOXO you and also, it would be kind of stupid to not keep making this year-round. Available in Draught 22's 6-Pack 12oz Cans CRAZY AUNT IPA X.X% ABV MAY, JUN, JUL, AUG Yeah, we know. They wear a sweater in 90 degree weather, and talks to their parakeet about watching the goldfish; the problem is she's so sweet and makes a hell of a peach cobbler, you can't help but love them This fruity ipa pays homage to all the crazy aunts out there, who alway seem to smell like rose water, for some weird reason. Available in Draught 22's MOCHA DEATH 7.0% ABV SEP, OCT, NOV, DEC We probably buried the lead on this one. The piece of information, I'm going to guess, that you most care about is the fact that we will be dropping Mocha Death into 12oz 6 Pack Cans and it will be available for 4 months. Kaboom! This irish death + coffee + cocao concoction seems to be your favorite seasonal beer we make, so we thought we'd listen to your request and make it happen. Available in Draught 22's 6-Pack 12oz Cans IN-LAW IMPERIAL IPA X.X% ABV SEP, OCT, NOV, DEC Holidays. That time of year when you get test your meddle and interface with your – favorite. humans. of. all. time. – the in-laws. This beer is made especially for them and you. Why? Who cares it's a high abv, delicious imperial ipa, so you can all just tolerate each other for the next few days. Available in Draught 22's GO% D#&^ IT IRON HORSE! We're going to assume that's real outrage because you noticed two winter seasonals aren't on this list. Cozy Sweater and Cozy-er. Didn't they make the cut? Or did they? Didn't they? Did they? Man, that's obnoxious. So, I have a deep, deep, deep feeling these two brands will surface in 2018. So don't worry, about a thing, cause every little thing, is gonna be alright.
We'd love to hear from you regarding this lineup. Is there a beer style you wish more indie beer producers would make? Are you sick of IPAs? Can't get enough of them? Send me your feedback at jared@ironhorsebrewery.com.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Of all the possible scenarios heading into the Ottawa-New York series, few predicted a rivalry between Tanner Glass and Chris Neil would blossom, and garner so much attention.
Glass spent more than half the year in the AHL, and only played three games in Round 1. Neil, meanwhile, didn't play at all against Boston and sat out the first four games against the Rangers.
Yet now, the resident tough guys are front and center. It all started when Neil tried to fight Glass midway through Game 5, in response to Glass roughing up Kyle Turris at the end of Game 4.
Glass was unwilling to go and Neil ended up with 12 penalty minutes, taking their team off the power play. Yet the Sens were thrilled with the response. Turris said it was “the best penalty I've seen anybody take in a long time,” while head coach Guy Boucher said Neil made their teammates feel “protected.”
Today, Glass had a somewhat different take.
“He played two minutes, so I don't know, it's kind of tough to have a big impact in two minutes,” they said. “If they think they did, then good for them. I don't think we think they did.”
Neil, for the record, played 2:26 in Game 5. Rangers head coach Alain Vigneault pointed that out in the aftermath, saying, “I can't believe a player playing two minutes and 26 seconds would have, at all, a factor on our group.”
But that didn't stop Neil from talking it up.
“I just wanted [Glass] to know their fun is done,” the 37-year-old said on Saturday.
When asked for a response today, Glass shot back, “I always have fun. Every day.”
Reporters then pushed Glass further on the issue and, to their credit, they obliged.
“I know what [Neil's] plan is out there,” they said. “We are going on the power play. I reminded him, this is the playoffs, power plays are huge. If you are going to take away a power play for your team, that's great with me.
“He can challenge me all they want. I want to be on the ice playing. I'm having an impact on this series against their good players. Him challenging me to a fight isn't going to change that. I fought them before, if it comes up I'll fight them again. But it's not something I'm looking to do right now.”
Both Glass and Neil are expected to be in their respective lineups for tonight's all-important Game 6.
And so, the rivalry continues.
Related: Rangers need McDonagh to find ‘another level'
Reacting to the news that a bill to ban fracking has passed the first stage of approval in the Irish Parliament, Friends of the Earth Scotland Head of Campaigns Mary Church said:
“It is wonderful news that Ireland has voted to ban fracking today. The Irish Parliament has decided that the risks of opening up a new frontier of dirty fossil fuels are just too great.
"This Bill is the result of years of grassroots campaigning, with people across the country raising awareness of the many dangers of the fracking industry and forcing their representatives to act.
"Support for fracking across the UK is at an all-time low. People just don't want this dirty, dangerous industry. We are confident that when the Scottish people are given a chance to have their say in the forthcoming Government consultation, the answer will be a resounding 'no' to fracking."
The private members bill to ban onshore unconventional oil and gas extraction was put forward by Fine Gael backbench TD Tony McLoughlin. It cites international and national climate commitments, the precautionary principle and protecting groundwater as the key reasons to ban fracking.
Earlier this week a report by the Sustainable Water Network was published highlighting the many threats posed to Ireland's waters by the fracking process, wastewater discharges and leaking and abandoned wells. The report recommended banning fracking to protect Ireland's water.
Looking for a combination of Italian and Asian? Aha – here we have it! Well, this recipe is only Italian in the sense that you're making meatballs, but you get the point, right?
I love cooking Asian dishes, but sometimes I get a little tired of the same old stir fry combos. Then, I was flipping through my November copy of Everyday Food and I found an inspiring recipe for Asian turkey meatballs – brilliant! I used the recipe as a starting point and created my own version of the dish, which turned into a super healthy and extremely flavorful meal!
Don't they look good even before cooking them? I think so.
The process is simple: after creating the mix and rolling the meatballs, you put a quick sear on them in a pan over medium-high heat.
Then, you pop them in the oven for about 10 minutes to complete the cooking process…
I cook a pot of sticky rice and stir in chopped cilantro and a squeeze of lime for a side dish (as well as some steamed broccoli). Yum!
Asian-Style Turkey Meatballs
*adapted from Everyday Food, November 2010
Ingredients
One running back down, one to go for the New York Giants. Mike Garafolo is reporting that the New York Giants and Brandon Jacobs have agreed to a "small re-structure" of Jacobs' contract with the Giants.
The re-structure apparently amounst to a decrease in base salary for this season, though they could earn back that money via incentives, per Ralph Vacchiano of the Daily News.
This is good news for the Giants on several fronts. First, Jacobs is still a quality NFL back, having averaged 5.6 yards per carry a season ago. Second, this means the often moody Jacobs -- who many did not expect to return to the Giants this season -- is happy enough to be a Giant that they were willing to re-negotiate their deal. Third, it gives the team more cap flexibility to re-sign Jacobs' backfield running mate, Ahmad Bradshaw.
NOTE: Earlier in the week it was reported that the Giants and Rocky Bernard had failed to reach an agreement on a re-structured contract and that Bernard would be released. WFAN's Paul Dottino reports, however, that Bernard took their Giants physical this morning. There is some confusion as to whether or not that means Bernard will be staying with the Giants. Stay tuned on that one.
The price of regular at a Shell gas station in Petworth gleamed defiantly in the midday sun: $3.91 a gallon.
But unlike the customers rolling up to the station's pumps this week, resigned to the fact that their wallets were about to take a beating, Rocky Twyman and company had a plan to bring that number tumbling down.
They would ask God to do it.
"Our pockets are empty, but we're going to hold on to God!" Twyman, a community organizer from Rockville, said as they and seven other people formed a semicircle, held hands and sang, pleading for divine intervention to lower fuel prices.
It was the latest demonstration by Twyman's movement, Pray at the Pump, which began in April. Since then, they have held group prayers at gas stations as far away as San Francisco, garnering international media attention and even claiming success in at least a couple of cases.
Some would say the proof of whether Twyman has the ear of the Almighty is in the result. On the first day of the movement, April 23, the national average price of a gallon of unleaded was $3.53, according to AAA. As of yesterday, it was $3.96.
But Twyman said true faith does not demand instant gratification, and they plan to keep their pump-side prayers going "until God tells us to stop."
"This whole thing is a wake-up call from God to Americans, because we idolize men so much," said Twyman, 59, a public relations consultant and Seventh-day Adventist who believes that high gas prices are a sign of the apocalypse drawing nigh. "I think through this crisis, God is trying to call us back to depend on Him more."
For the past several weeks, Twyman has assembled a group at a soup kitchen in the Petworth neighborhood of Northwest Washington where they volunteer. They have driven to a gas station, locked hands, said a prayer, purchased gas and sung the civil rights anthem "We Shall Overcome," with an added verse: "We'll have lower gas prices."
Reactions, and results, have been mixed.
After they gave an interview to a Tampa radio station, the station received calls from listeners saying the price at their pumps had dropped. (According to AAA's Fuel Price Finder, regular gas at Tampa area stations averaged $3.89 a gallon yesterday, up from $3.59 a month ago).
Last week, as one of the demonstrations was winding down, an angry gas station manager in Petworth chased them from the property, Twyman said, annoyed that the activists were hampering business.
The man accused of raping and sexually assaulting unconscious women in New York City apartments was held without bail. Justice Mark Dwyer said of the 200-count indictment against Cameron McDermott, "[A] sane person would want to flee the country, and I certainly think there is enough of a chance of that."
The Manhattan District Attorney's office revealed that McDermott's alleged assaults were discovered while Long Island detectives were investigating a series of public lewdness incidents. Between September 2016 and January 2017, five women and a 15-year-old girl reported that a man exposed themselves in separate incidents in Garden City; in one, "he wore a wig, yoga pants and lipstick and urinated on the victim."
Garden City police arrested McDermott for the indecent exposure incidents in January and reportedly found kiddie porn on their phone. Police then received a search warrant for their Hempstead home and found numerous videos and photographs on their computer and USB drives.
Assistant District Attorney Jamie Kleidman said that they "meticulously recorded each of their actions and then labeled them on their computer, under files named things like ‘unconscious' and the victim's name." Files were also labeled "rape." From the NY Times:
[Assistant District Attorney Jamie Kleidman] said the first victim had been assaulted on eight dates in 2010 in apartments in Gramercy Park and Murray Hill, with Mr. McDermott carefully recording each step of the assaults, labeling the files in their computer with titles like “undressing” and “unconscious.” They raped the woman on one occasion and performed other sex acts the other times, Ms. Kleidman said. Ms. Kleidman said Mr. Cameron had videotaped themselves raping and sodomizing the second victim in an Upper East Side apartment on several occasions in 2013, sometimes slapping their face to show they were unconscious. “He meticulously records each of their actions,” the prosecutor said.
The Post adds, "The prosecutor said the child porn was 'meticulously marked by age, like '2 years old' and the actions the children are being forced to engage in, such as ‘daddy and daughter.''"
McDermott's LinkedIn profile notes that they attended private high schools like the Lawrenceville School and graduated from Elon University and that they worked at a Long Island surgical device firm until January. Their father, Richard G. McDermott, Jr., the Times reports, "was for years the chief executive and president of Chapdelaine & Company, a bond brokerage."
They pleaded not guilty to charges including rape, predatory sexual assault and unlawful surveillance.
The Lakers ended the game on a 12-1 run to beat the Houston Rockets 98-92. The Lakers were coming off of their first road victory of the season and added to their win streak tonight.
Kobe Bryant lead the way for the Lakers. They scored 28 points and dished out 7 assists. The game was matter of peaks and valleys for Bryant. In the second quarter Bryant went 5-5 from the field and cooled off in the second half.
Late in the fourth Bryant hit a ridiculous and one jump shot over Trevor Ariza which sparked the Lakers comeback. Nick Young played a huge part in the Lakers win. Swaggy P scored 16 points off the bench for the Lakeshow.
The Lakers are now 2-0 with Nick Young in the lineup.
Jordan Hill scored 16 points and grabbed 10 rebounds, and Carlos Boozer had a double double of their own.
The Houston Rockets played tonight's without their big man Dwight Howard due to knee injury. As the Rockets always do they fired away from three time after time. They shot a total of 38 three's, nailing 15 of them. A big surprise for the Rockets was Kostas Papanikolaou. Papanikolaou scored 19 points off the bench including four three pointers.
James Harden did their usual damage in the scoring column. They scored 24 points and dished out 7 assists without Howard.
A big reason for the Lakers victory was the fact that they out rebounded Houston, 47-38. In addition to that, the Lakers also won the turnover battle.
The win over Houston is big for the Lakers since they have been struggling early on this season. Two road victories in two nights isn't a bad way to start a road trip.
The road trip will end Friday night, as the Lakers will take on the Dallas Mavericks in Dallas.
Stay with us at Calisportsnews.com as we will keep you up-to-date on all things Los Angeles Lakers and the rest of the LA sports teams!
Parents who scold their children for spending too much time playing video games may want to consider encouraging them -- at least sometimes -- instead.
This September, New York University is launching a bachelor's degree program for video game aficionados and will offer scholarship money to help pay tuition. One of the scholarship programs is designed specifically to attract young women to the study of game design.
The college already has a master's program for gamers. Tony Kao, who left their job as a graphic designer to go back to school, got a $25,000 scholarship to work toward their master's of fine arts degree in game design at NYU.
In the program, he's not just studying games, but the psychology behind players' choices and tactics.
"A lot of people have a misconception that gaming separates people and it makes you unsocial, but I believe that it does the opposite, that it brings people together," Kao said. "Parents need to start thinking of games as something that's enriching people rather than thinking it's something that's negative."
Kao's scholarship is funded through the Evo, the Evolution Championship Series, which bills itself as the largest and longest-running fighting game tournament in the world and has been held annually for the last decade.
Frank Lantz, director of NYU's Game Center, a division of Tisch School of the Arts, called fighting games "fascinating." They said they're more akin to high intelligence, strategy-driven games like poker and chess than they are similar to typical video games -- and that the school wants more talented, passionate students like Kao to create new ones.
But not every candidate can go to graduate school, Lantz said, which is partly why NYU is launching the bachelor's degree program for gamers.
New Zealand Rugby is currently planning to trial changes that will apply to some of the domestic competitions including a new point scoring system, policing of the breakdown and the use of two referees.
New Zealand Rugby General Manager Rugby Neil Sorensen said that while much of the detail on how the laws will be implemented, is still to be worked through, the trials were part and parcel of World Rugby's cyclical review of laws.
“World Rugby conducts a review of its laws about every four years, typically after Rugby World Cup, and they evaluate current law and we have had (All Blacks Coach) Steve Hansen and (Chiefs Coach) on the Law Review Group looking at these laws.
“That group has come out with a number of suggested changes, some of which they have asked New Zealand trial.
The following will be trialled next year:
Mitre 10 Cup:
• Two referees
• New points system – 8 pts penalty try, 6 pts try, 2 pts DG, 2 pts PK, 2 pts Conv
• Law 15: Tackler must get to feet then can only play the ball from their side of the mid-point of the breakdown; Tackler assist or first arriving player may play the ball as long they join from an onside position
• Law 16:
o Breakdown iss formed when an attacking player of feet is over the ball on the ground, from this time no players may play the ball with their hands.
o An off side line is created “hindmost foot + 1 metre.
o Arriving players may join from onside as long as they join their side of the midpoint (no gate).
o No players may have their hands on the ground, or players already on the ground. A player in the half back position may play the ball
Mitre 10 Heartland & Women's Provincial Championship
• New points system - 8pts Penalty Try, 6pts Try, 2 pts each for PK, DG and Conv
Jock Hobbs Memorial Under 19 Championship
• Two referees
Sorensen said the alternative points system would also likely be trialled in Mitre 10 Cup, as well as the Mitre 10 Heartland Championship and the Mitre 10 Women's Provincial Championship.
The allocation of six points for a try and two for a penalty had already been trialled in Australia.
“It did have some massive changes in domestic rugby and it will be really interesting to see how it pans out in our domestic rugby next year. What they found in Australia was that were hardly any kicks at goal, a lot more kicking for touch, a lot more tries but there were other unintended consequences such as more yellow cards as the value of penalties was reduced.
“There's a massive amount of work to do before we bring these laws into play. World Rugby will come back and give us the mechanics of the law (referee calls etc) but our referees team will also work with World Rugby and Provincial Unions to ensure a smooth implementation of the new rules.”
“This is quite a daunting piece of work, but also very exciting to think we will have quite a different looking game next year.”
Continue scrolling to keep reading Click the button below to start this article in quick view Start Now 5.1K Shares Tweet Email Copy Link Copied
6 Clicks here to read all the up-to-date news on the Aquaman movie!
Zack Snyder promised the world a "badass" Aquaman, and casting the hulking Hawaiian Jason Momoa (Game of Thrones) in the role certainly tipped the odds in their favor. Now that the Justice League director has released the very first image of the Atlantean King, the online reception seems to agree that Snyder's Aquaman is anything but the joke some assumed - judging by their appearance, at least.
The studio did their best to keep the casting under wraps, but before long word of Batman V Superman's Aquaman being a "tattooed Hawaiian" broke, all but confirming the part was Momoa's (who happens to be both). But both actor and director maintained that this version of Aquaman would be more than a hero: he'd be an embodiment of Polynesian culture. Because of that, some of the design's elements and markings may not be understood by casual comic fans.
From the tattoos to the armor and weaponry, we've singled out a few subtler elements in the Aquaman design that not only will fans appreciate, but shows how committed Snyder and Momoa are to doing the actor's own people justice.
5 The Trident
Though referred to as a "tri-dent," comic fans will immediately recognize the five-pointed spear as The Trident of Neptune, the weapon forged from the essence of the god of the sea himself. They who wields it claims divine right of rule over the world's oceans - and, as Snyder, has confirmed, wields the ability to make even the Man of Steel bleed:
"The cool thing with Aquaman is their trident – people don't realize that can actually cut the flesh of Superman if they came in contact. That's a thing that's in the canon."
It's unlikely that the Trident will boast all of its comic book powers, like the ability to control the weather or transform living creatures, but it just may be the explanation for Aquaman's mastery over the seas, waves, and all the life which dwells within it. And if the upcoming Aquaman movie is going to be based on a rival for the throne of Atlantis (as we expect it to be), then there's a good chance the Trident could become a highly sought-after weapon.
Fun fact: the Trident is also one of the Seven Relics of Atlantis: secret items scattered between Arthur Curry and their most trusted allies.
-
4 Spearhead Tattoos/Engravings
Neither Aquaman nor Wonder Woman hail from ancient Greece or Rome (technically) yet both sport armor with strong ties to those eras and cultures. In this case, the armor, along with the trident, is fairly common for any and all warriors intended to imply a connection to the sea. The fisherman's weapon was used by the Retiarius - gladiators in the Roman Colosseum who sported a similar single-arm shoulder and arm protection (known as a manica).
But for those Polynesians who practice the art of tribal tattoos going back centuries (including the half-Hawaiian Momoa's ancestors), marking one's skin with ink was all the armor needed. Techniques and purpose vary across Polynesian peoples, but several common images and spiritual connections persist. In this case: the image of the spearhead; or rather, fields of overlapping spearheads seeming to cover both arms, and continued into the engravings on the armor itself.
As one might expect, the image is meant to convey courage and battle strength. The broader meaning can simply be that of warrior, or even a bond to stabbing sea creatures like stingrays. The placement of the tattoo can be just as important as the image itself, so Aquaman being literally covered in spears from the shoulder down sends a clear message.
-
3 Shark Teeth Tattoos/Engraving
Another one of the most common images found in Polynesian tattooing is of shark teeth, given the highly spiritual view of the fish among island people. Though sharks are known to most mainlanders today for their lethality, the shark deity Ka-moho-aliʻi is particularly revered, often credited with guiding the first peoples of Hawaii to the islands.
Because of that, lines or fields of the triangular shark teeth are meant to communicate guidance, ferocity, and power. These tattoos seem to be spread all over Aquaman's sides and chest, once again implying their authority - and responsibility - over their people. As it happens, the armored bracer on Aquaman's left arm is adorned with the exact same field of shark teeth Momoa already possesses. As they explained in an interview with Inked magazine, the shark is their aumakua, or family deity:
"It's something my cousins all have, and it goes on the left side of your arm—it's like a guardian. It's basically like your power animal, whatever animal represents your family or your tribe. And ours is a shark, a mano. And then there are arrows that face out—out of your heart, that's what it represents."
-
2 Belt/Insignia
Sadly, one of the most clever and inspired elements of Jason Momoa's 'Aquaman' design may go completely unnoticed by all but the hardcore. Every superhero needs a logo, and with Arthur Curry a.k.a. Aquaman, it's the 'A' insignia typically attached to their belt. The painfully obvious marking has been tweaked over the years, with the New 52 re-imagining the shape and object as a type of Atlantean technology - one that just happens to look like the letter 'A' (recalling how Superman wears the Kryptonian symbol for 'Hope' that just happens to resemble an 'S').
With Momoa's wardrobe, the insignia acutally looks to be the outline of the same spearhead motif found throughout their armor and tattoos. As an added bonus, the two rivets that seem to attach the spearhead 'A' to Momoa's belt almost appear as the eyes of a gaping shark. We might be reading too much into that, but fans will admit it's a truly crafty design element that honors the comic canon in an unexpected way.
-
1 Hands That... Feed?
It would appear that Jason Momoa's entire body will be covered in ink for their portrayal of a Polynesian Aquaman (with the actor claiming they hope to represent all island people with dignity). Several of their tattoos - the striped images on their stomach, and the neck lines that seem to mirror the ridges on their Trident, for instance - are worthy of further analysis, but the markings on their hands are of particular interest.
We're not certain, but the design appears similar to an element found in several Tiki (demigods that may have begun as humans or ancestors) designs - specifically, their mouths. The parted lips and tongues would imply that Aquaman has, at least, symbolically, turned their hands into mouths of an unknown deity. That's all speculation on our part, and official explanations will hopefully be made available soon.
But given the rest of the hero's design, the notion that they would use their implements of death (or nurturing) 'feed' doesn't seem like much of a stretch.
-
If past releases have been a sign of what to expect, this may be the last image of Jason Momoa's Aquaman we see for some time, whether they are set to make their debut in Dawn of Justice or Justice League. There's no question that this design makes a memorable first impression, and given our closer look at just how much of Momoa's cultural and personal tradition has been carried into their physical design, it's no surprise they feel Zack Snyder should helm the Aquaman movie.
Fan-Made Color Version via CBM
For our part, these ties to Polynesian heritage were one of the main reasons we felt Jason Momoa could bring new meaning and dignity to the role. We welcome you to share your own thoughts on the Aquaman design and influences, and if you have more information on the elements at work, be sure to let us know!
NEXT: Aquaman: Dolph Lundgren's King Nereus Very Different From Comics
Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice hits theaters on March 25, 2016, followed by Justice League - Part 1 on November 17th, 2017, Aquaman on July 27th, 2018, and Justice League - Part 2 on June 14th, 2019.
Source: Inked, APolynesianTattoo.com
Russia and other countries in Central and Eastern Europe have experienced a resurgence of Orthodox Christian identity since the fall of the Soviet Union, according to a new Pew Research Center survey of 18 countries in the region. This increase in religious identity is accompanied in large part by high levels of religious belief, such as belief in God.
But Orthodox Christians in this region do not display high levels of religious practice, such as regularly attending church. To use terminology popularized by British sociologist Grace Davie, they might be described as religiously “believing and belonging without behaving.”
Orthodox Christians make up an estimated 57% of Central and Eastern Europe's total population, including large majorities in 10 of the 18 countries surveyed, from Russia to Serbia to Greece. Not only do large shares of Orthodox Christians in these countries say religion is an important part of their identity, they also embrace many of Orthodoxy's core beliefs. (Indeed, the word “orthodoxy” is derived from the Greek word for “doctrine” or “belief.”)
For example, the vast majority of Orthodox Christians in the region – a median of 91% – say they believe in God. (The median is based on the 13 countries surveyed with a large enough Orthodox population to sample.) Large shares also say they believe in heaven and hell and that the Bible is the word of God.
But their orthodoxy does not necessarily translate into high levels of practice, or “orthopraxy” (derived from the Greek for “action”). For instance, a median of fewer than one-third of Orthodox Christians in the region report praying daily and fasting during holy times such as Lent. And even smaller shares say they attend church at least weekly (median of 10%), read or listen to scripture outside of church at least monthly (17%) and share their faith at least monthly (17%).
By comparison, Catholics in the region, while just as likely to report certain religious beliefs, such as belief in God, are more likely than the Orthodox to engage in religious practices such as attending church weekly, fasting, taking Communion and sharing their faith.
Indeed, a median of one-in-four Catholics attend church weekly, compared with only one-in-ten Orthodox Christians. In addition, 28% of Catholics report sharing their faith monthly, compared with a median of 17% of Orthodox Christians. And Catholics are twice as likely as Orthodox Christians (54% to 27%) to fast during holy times.
Some of these differences are even larger in countries with substantial shares of both Orthodox Christians and Catholics. For example, while Catholics throughout the region are only slightly more likely than Orthodox Christians to pray daily and read scripture monthly, in Bosnia, 58% of Catholics pray daily, compared with 28% of Orthodox Christians. And in Ukraine, 40% of Catholics read or listen to scripture monthly, compared with just 23% of the country's Orthodox Christians.
Topics: Eastern Europe, Christians and Christianity, Religion and Society, Religious Affiliation, Religious Beliefs and Practices
Disclosure: This box was paid for by me. There is a refer-three-get-one-free link and an affiliate link.
Subscription: OwlCrate
Cost: $29.99 + $6.99 shipping [$36.98 total per month]
What to Expect:
A highly anticipated new YA release [Young Adult].
3-5 other bookish goodies (jewelry, totes, yummy treats, pins, etc).
Exclusive items from publishers and authors.
A note telling you more about the novel and the items included in your crate.
I was suuuper excited about this box! I love YA books, owls, and geeky things, so I couldn't resist.
Before opening this box I made myself do homework… that lasted for half of a lecture, then I went into my office and set up my photo studio!
Theme: Myths & Legends
I always save the spoilers for last because I like a little surprise! This card is nicely done though. I like the format.
Camp Half-Blood Wristband by The Colorful Geek: $5.00.
I think this is from Percy Jackson. I've never read it and don't wear this style of bracelets, but I've seen teens who do, and I know those books were/are pretty popular.
Red Riding Hood Tea from Adagio: $9.00. A scarlet tea blend to keep the hungry wolf at bay on your journey over the river and through the woods. Blended with rooibos tea, apple pieces, cinnamon bark, cocoa nibs, strawberries, cranberries, natural strawberry flavor, natural cinnamon flavor, natural cranberry flavor & safflower.
I was confused about the box at first, but I pulled off the stickers and it had a cool box-like lid on top! It's a super cute tin that I will definitely keep. Also, I may have to sign up for Adagio's tea club. This tea smells soooo good.
I hope the wolves don't try to steal my little tea noms!
Castle Locket from The Geeky Cauldron: $12.00.
I like the idea of the The Geeky Cauldron's products, but the necklace is super cheaply made and very flimsy. However, looking at it through teen Onderria eyes, I would have loved this little locket. I wonder if I would've put a crush's picture in it or just been lazy and left it empty?
I definitely would have put tears in it. Broken hearted tears because I never brushed the cat fur off my shirt and told my crush, “Yes, I do need help using this electric drill!” [I did stagecraft.]
Mermaid Mirror from My Clockwork Castle: No other mirrors on the site, but the Facebook page has Divergent mirrors for £3 [currently $4.55].
I love mermaids, so I was really excited to see this! I wish it was shinier, actually. In the packaging it looked like a button, but once I took it out I could see myself.
Clearly this is a mirror that looks like a pin. In fact, they're made from the same shell, so it makes sense why I was confused!
^and obviously I'm not hip and/or entirely knowledgeable of new slang
Soundless by Richelle Mead : $14.02 on Amazon
From Goodreads [3.5 stars]:
For as long as Fei can remember, there has been no sound in their village, where rocky terrain and frequent avalanches prevent residents from self-sustaining. Fei and their people are at the mercy of a zipline that carries food up the treacherous cliffs from Beiguo, a mysterious faraway kingdom. When villagers begin to lose their sight, deliveries from the zipline shrink and many go hungry. Fei's home, the people they love, and their entire existence is plunged into crisis, under threat of darkness and starvation. But soon Fei is awoken in the night by a searing noise, and sound becomes their weapon. Richelle Mead takes readers on a triumphant journey from the peak of Fei's jagged mountain village to the valley of Beiugo, where a startling truth and an unlikely romance will change their lives forever…
This book sounds interesting! I'll definitely read it. At some point… I'm still reading Mindy's new book. I have two weeks of final paper typing/website coding left, then don't start up again till the end of January, which gives me plenty of reading/crafting/napping* time!!
*if you're reading this, McBoyfriend, napping = working out
Extras: Vampire Diaries tattoos and a Colorful Geek coupon code OWLCRATE for 30% off.
December is themed “Get Inspired” and the box will feature something by my favorite owl drawing artist, Boy Girl Party!
“We're super excited to have partnered up with Boy Girl Party for our December box! We are so in love with Susie's art style, and they have a store full of items any bookworm would be happy to covet. Which item did we choose? You'll have to subscribe to see!”
Verdict: So far, this is the best box I've gotten this month! For $36, the contents come up to about $45. The book sounds interesting, I am giddy over new tea, I will be checking out my own fleek brows, and I loved the box packaging. So, my favorites equal the cost of the box before shipping. However, as a YA box I think they're doing an awesome job of curation! I will be sticking with this sub to see what comes next.
What did you think? Let us know if you got it and/or if you are interested in reading Soundless or if your eyebrows need some fleeking.
PS: In case you were wondering what I did with my Deux Lux bags that I didn't like, I swapped them and have the pics of the new bags on the post now!
Share this: Email
Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Google
Tumblr
Pinterest
QUEL “BRAV'UOMO” DI BATTISTI: NEL FEBBRAIO DEL 1979 CRIVELLO' UN MACELLAIO DI VENEZIA - IL FIGLIO RICORDA: “SPARO' A MIO PADRE QUAND'ERA GIA' A TERRA” – LA VENDETTA PER UNA RAPINA ANDATA A MALE. ERA UN “ESPROPRIO PROLETARIO” FINITO NEL SANGUE
Giuseppe De Lorenzo per Il Giornale
CESARE BATTISTI
Volete conoscere Cesare Battisti? Volete sapere chi era il "proletario armato per il comunismo" che oggi se ne sta comodamente seduto in una spiaggia brasiliana mentre i parenti delle sue vittime lottano con il dolore di non avere più un padre, un marito, un amico? Era un assassino (lo dicono le condanne): un killer spietato ora trasformatosi in giallista di successo senza scontare neppure un minuto di pena per i delitti commessi durante gli anni di piombo.
Per toccare con mano la ferocia di chi oggi dice che tornare in Italia sarebbe "una condanna a morte" bisogna ascoltare i racconti dei parenti di una delle quattro vittime degli omicidi per cui Battsti è stato condannato all'ergastolo. "Non devo chiedere scusa alle vittime", ha detto il terrorista dei Pac continuando a dire che "non c'è motivo che chieda scusa per qualcosa che hanno commesso altri".
LINO SABBADIN
Il figlio di Lino Sabbadin raccontò l'omicidio di suo padre in un libro realizzato da Giovanni Fasanella e Antonella Grippo. Una fiume di parole sconcertanti, che ricostruiscono nella memoria di un ragazzo come Battisti abbia crivellato di colpi il macellaio di Santa Maria di Sala (Venezia) mentre questi era già agonizzante a terra. Era l 16 febbraio del 1979.
"La mia era una famiglia tranquilla - racconta Adriano Sabbadin, come riportato dal Tempo - Lavoratori seri, persone oneste. Vendevamo carni". Due mesi esatti prima della morte di Lino Sabbadin (il 16 dicembre) la sua macelleria subì una rapina. O forse dovremmo chiamarlo un "esproprio proletario", locuzione con cui per anni si sono coperti col velo della politica comunista crimini di tutti i tipi.
"Era un sabato sera - ricorda Adriano - la giornata di lavoro era finita e stavamo per chiudere. Quella era un' incombenza che spettava a e andai nel retro per prendere il grosso catenaccio di ferro con cui bloccavamo la saracinesca. Improvvisamente sentii sparare all' impazzata, mentre qualcuno urlava: 'Questa è una rapina! State fermi, non vi muovete! E' una rapina!". D' istinto mi buttai a terra, impaurito. Poi riconobbi la voce di mio padre, che invitava alla calma: "Per favore, state calmi!", continuava a ripetere ai rapinatori. Ma lo diceva anche a se stesso e soprattutto a mia sorella, che era alla cassa: la vedeva terrorizzata e voleva tranquillizzarla.
adriano sabbadin
“Adriana prese i soldi dal cassetto per darli ai rapinatori, erano due giovani incappucciati. Ma uno di loro le sparò, senza colpirla; forse credeva che volesse nascondere una parte dell' incasso della giornata e voleva intimidirla. Mio padre nel frattempo, preoccupato che potesse accadere qualcosa di brutto a mia sorella, approfittò di quegli attimi di concitazione e riuscì a venire nel retro, dove prese un' arma, che teneva nascosta lì. L' altro rapinatore gli corse dietro e lo colpì in testa con il calcio della pistola.
“Papà non svenne e reagì. Lottarono. Partì un colpo. Fu mio padre a rialzarsi mentre il ragazzo rimase a terra, riverso in una pozza di sangue. L' altro rapinatore fu subito immobilizzato dai clienti e rischiò il linciaggio della folla, che quando è stanca di soprusi diventa branco pronto a farsi giustizia da sé. L' ambulanza arrivò quasi subito. Tentarono di rianimare il ragazzo in terra, poi lo portarono in ospedale. Ma non ce la fece, morì nel giro di qualche ora".
CESARE BATTISTI CHE BRINDA PRIMA DI TORNARE A SAN PAOLO 2
La morte di quel giovane rapinatore armò la mano dei Pac. I quali decisero di punire il macellaio per aver bloccato quel tentativo di esproprio proletario. Ci furono minacce, bombe piazzate la vigilia di Natale, lettere minatorie e un lungo calvario che portò fino alla fatidica data del 16 febbraio 1979. Quel giorno "nel pomeriggio, chiesi a mio padre di venire giù in negozio perché dei clienti avevano bisogno di alcuni tagli più grossi, e io non ero in grado di darglieli. Erano circa le 16.30. Mio padre, aiutato da mia madre, stava servendo dei clienti, una coppia con una bambina piccola. Io ero al telefono, stavo chiamando una ditta fornitrice perché mi ero accorto che avevamo bisogno di alcuni tagli di carne e volevo che ce li portasse.
CESARE BATTISTI A CORUMBA'
“Proprio in quell'istante notai di nuovo un' auto che passava lentamente davanti al negozio. Era la stessa che avevo visto il giorno precedente. In un attimo sentii dei colpi di pistola rimbombarmi nelle orecchie. Lasciai cadere il telefono e andai di corsa in magazzino, mi sedetti a terra per riprendere fiato e cercare di pensare a cosa fare. Poi scappai di sopra, da mia zia. Lei, dalla terrazza, aveva visto arrivare degli uomini armati e poi aveva sentito i colpi, ma non aveva potuto far nulla perché uno, dalla strada, la teneva sotto tiro con un mitra. Sono momenti infiniti, dilatati dall' angoscia, senti il cuore che ti batte in gola fino a scoppiare. Quando finalmente vedemmo quegli uomini allontanarsi di corsa in macchina, io e mia zia, con la paura negli occhi, scendemmo subito. Uno dei vicini tentò di bloccarmi: "Non andare, papà è morto!".
cesare battisti
La moglie del macellaio aveva il grembiule sporco di sangue. Ma non quello degli animali che per tirare a campare la famiglia vendeva in macelleria. Era l "rosso vivo del sangue di mio padre", come ricorda Adriano Sabbadin. "E lui, mio padre, era in una pozza di sangue. Lo toccai, era bianco, cianotico. (...) Lo portarono via subito. I carabinieri ci fecero andare in caserma per interrogarci, me e mia madre. Ma io non capivo nemmeno quello che mi stavano dicendo (...) L' omicidio fu rivendicato il giorno dopo dai Pac. (...) I carabinieri ci spiegarono che si trattava di una banda che faceva rapine per autofinanziarsi. Nel nostro caso, però, avevano voluto punire mio padre che, due mesi prima, durante il tentativo di rapina in macelleria, aveva ucciso quel ragazzo. Secondo i Pac, ci spiegarono i carabinieri, mio padre non avrebbe dovuto reagire a un' azione di «esproprio proletario (...)".
CESARE BATTISTI SULLA SPIAGGIA DI RIO IN UNA FOTO PUBBLICATA DA PARIS MATCH
I membri del commando che uccise il macellaio veneziano erano in tre. Uno di loro era una donna, Paola Filippi. A premere il grilleto per primo fu Diego Giacomini, terrorista veneziano. Ma a pianificare la ferocia dell'attentato e i suoi particolari ci pensò Cesare Battisti. Il quale non ebbe alcuna pietà per quell'onesto lavoratore che aveva osato ribellarsi ad una rapina. "Giacomini fu il primo a sparare a mio padre - racconta ancora Adiano - Battisti lo colpì di nuovo quando era già a terra; fecero allontanare i clienti e poi spararono ancora. Crivellarono mio padre senza alcuna pietà".
So recently I was thinking, why does Clementine Ford always play the victim? As you have probably all seen, they regularly share screenshots of “abuse” they receive on their facebook page. Here are some examples:
Do you notice anything? Almost every screenshot of “abuse” they share on their facebook page is from Twitter. Hmm I wonder why that could be? It wouldn't have anything to do with the fact that they abuse men on Twitter, would it?
Bingo! You see I have worked out Clementine Ford. They use their Twitter account to abuse and troll men, hoping they will take the bait. When they finally take the bait and retaliate, they will selectively take screenshots of their “abuse” (leaving out theirs naturally), and share them on their Facebook page. This makes them look like an innocent victim and re-enforces their narrative of all men being violent and abusive towards women.
As we all know, Facebook has a double standard when it comes to censorship and banning. Feminists like Clementine Ford can post whatever vile man bashing content they like without fear of being banned or censored. On the other hand, those who disagree with feminism are censored and banned. As you've probably seen, Clementine Ford is never banned for posting “abusive” quotes from men. However if you try and post the man hating quotes Clementine Ford has made, you will have the post removed, face a ban, and even have your page taken down. Facebook promptly removed these posts whenever we put them on our page “Anti-Feminism Australia”.
Clementine Ford knows of this double standard with Facebook, and they use it to their advantage. They know that they are protected by Facebook whenever they post abusive quotes from men. They also know that when these men retaliate with Them abusive screenshots, Facebook will promptly remove them. This results in their fans only ever seeing one side of the censorship, making them look like a victim. In addition, most of their fans aren't even aware of their quotes such as “kill all men” on Twitter. I have seen many feminists on their page claiming that “Clementine Ford has never said anything like kill all men”.
Clementine Ford used this “baiting” tactic to get students expelled from a school in Adelaide in June 2015. They did this by sending their school principal selective screenshots of their “abuse”.
And if that wasn't enough, they decided to take it a step further by getting a Sydney man fired for calling them a “slut” in December 2015. That's right, they tracked down their employer and sent him/her a selective screenshot of where they called them a “slut” on Facebook. No doubt they had also trolled and baited them as well.
Both of these stunts got them the 15 minutes of fame in the media that they wanted. They wanted everyone to feel sorry for them as a victim of abuse. They knew the media would be all over such a story, thanks to our pro-feminist culture in Australia.
Why does Clementine Ford play the victim?
The answer is money. Our man bashing, feminist culture in Australia allows Clementine Ford to cash in from using male hate speech. Both men and women abuse Clementine Ford, yet they only ever shares the screenshots of abuse they receive from men. This is what their feminazi fans want to see, and it also fits in with their narrative of “all men are evil and abuse women”. Abusive quotes from men earn them money, abusive quotes from women don't.
Why are they so keen on playing the victim? The answer is money.
So how are they cashing in? Not only has they written a book about their experiences of “abuse” from men, they are now also doing a stand up show in September called “hate male” at a pub in Melbourne known as “The Toff in Town”. At their show they will read out selective “abusive” messages to an audience of 580 feminists. The show was so popular that it sold out within the first week, and they have even mentioned that she's thinking of doing a second show. Yeah I know, imagine if a man did a stand up show reading out all the abusive comments from feminists such as Clementine Ford. Firstly, no place would ever host him, and secondly no-one is interested in hearing about male victims of abuse.
So why shouldn't you abuse Clementine Ford? Because every time someone abuses her, they get money. By abusing them you are doing exactly what they want you to do, helping them make money. This will only make them stay around longer and give them more platforms to voice their vile hate speech against men.
Clementine Ford's business model is something like this:
Abuse men on Twitter by saying sexist and vile hate speech such as “kill all men” Wait for them to take the bait When they retaliate, selectively take their screenshots and share on facebook page Claim the victim status Write articles, a book, or stand up show about how you're a victim to these evil men ???? Profit
So what should you do instead? You should try and ruin their credibility that they have with their fans. Expose their hypocrisy by posting screenshots of their abuse against men (there is a collection of them here, and also a video). Remember, many of their feminist fans aren't aware of all the vile things they say to troll/bait men on Twitter, so it's your job to let them know. You can do this on their page, but they will always delete it to hide the truth. The best place to post them are places where their fans are but they have no control over, such as the event page for their stand up show. I already did this, but unfortunately The Toff in Town are also man hating feminists so they banned me from their event page. They also disabled all discussion for their event – sound familiar?
So remember, don't abuse Clementine Ford if you want them gone. You will achieve a much better result from exposing them hypocrisy. The more fans they lose, the less money they make. When the money all dries up, they will no longer put so many hours into “journalism” hate speech against men.
Comments
comments
Share
We've come a long way in the eight years since Bitcoin's original release. Back in 2009, when the pseudonymous Satoshi Nakamoto launched the cryptographically verified digital asset, it was just a curiosity. With time, though, new uses have been found for it, from buying drugs, to transferring money near-instantaneously across the globe. Its value has peaked and troughed to reach considerable worth today – right now, a single Bitcoin is worth almost $2,800, close to its record high of $2,964.
The success of Bitcoin has inspired many imitators. That includes the classics, like Litecoin and Dogecoin, along with more contemporary and serious alternatives, like Ethereum and Zcash. They're all subtly different, and often more volatile, than their Bitcoin foundation.
There's now more than 900 cryptocurrencies in the wild. While many of them hog attention with their potential for larger earnings on less upfront investment, differing features, or philosophy, their futures still rest in the hands of that cryptocurrency created way back in 2009.
They are all built off the same core technology as Bitcoin, and susceptible to the same whims of human nature.
Bitcoin: The foundation and face of cryptocurrency empires
“Bitcoin underpins and backs up the entire crypto economy. When Bitcoin falls, the rest fall, when Bitcoin rises, the rest rise,” the host of the Bitcoin News Show, Vortex, told Digital Trends. “The alt coins are simply an extension of Bitcoin, most of them are even based on its source code.”
“Nothing like bitcoin could ever emerge again as the path to its inception is absolutely unique.”
There's many “alt coins,” most with a unique spin. Some use different cryptographic hash functions, others build in smart contracting functionality, while others look to be more centralized. Yet at their core, they are all built around similar technology to Bitcoin, which is partly why their pasts and futures have been, and are, so dependent on the first mainstream cryptocurrency.
“Bitcoin will remain the digital gold that backs up the entire crypto-economy,” Vortex told us. “Nothing like bitcoin could ever emerge again as the path to its inception is absolutely unique. It was created anonymously with no pre-mine, no intent for profit, no attachment to any corporation, and essentially donated to the community by its founder.”
Although there have been some stumbling blocks over the years, with minor changes required to keep Bitcoin functioning as it should, it's organic growth, and the lack of a desire to drive profit for its creators, that make Bitcoin so unique.
A quick look at the value charts shows that Bitcoin is leaps and bounds ahead of the competition. Its value was, at the time this article was published, four times greater than the nearest competition. That suggests a confidence in the long-standing currency that is far grander than its contemporaries.
Part of that comes from its very value, which makes large fluctuations in its worth less likely. It's a sturdier investment than many other currencies – though that doesn't mean it isn't susceptible to fluctuation. Its price today is close to double what it was at the start of the year.
NurPhoto/Getty Images
Bitcoin also acts as the face of the industry. It's the original, most publicized, and close to a household name. That means first time investors are likely to consider it over other, more obscure investments. In turn, this popularity gives Bitcoin influence over its competitors. When the world sees Bitcoin doing well, other currencies usually benefits, too.
“The entire cryptocurrency market often moves up or down based on what's happening with Bitcoin,” said Stewart Dennis, CEO of cryptocurrency email system Bitbounce. “If Bitcoin's value continues to appreciate, that bodes well for the future of other currencies.”
That may leave graphics card manufacturers shaking in their boots.
A fork in the road?
Predicting the future appreciation of Bitcoin is difficult. As we have seen over the past couple of years, it can tumble back down following major world events. China's decision to ban financial institutions from using Bitcoin in 2013 saw the currency nearly halve in value over a few weeks. Hacks of major Bitcoin exchange services, and speculative bubbles, have led to other temporary downturns in its fortunes.
“If Bitcoin's value continues to appreciate, that bodes well for the future of other currencies.”
Of course, there's always the competition looking to use one of these disruptions to make an attempt on the crown. The latest is Bitcoin Cash, a “hard-fork” from Bitcoin, designed to offer larger capacity than its predecessor to reduce transaction fees. Does it stand to find success as an alternative top-tier currency where others have failed?
“Anyone at any time can fork Bitcoin as it is open source,” Vortex told us, dismissively. “This is what Litecoin and many other coins did. They forked Bitcoin, tweaked a few things, and called it something else.”
The only difference with Bitcoin Cash, they claim, is that it's the first currency to attempt to use the original Bitcoin name. Although Bitcoin Cash has quickly become one of the more valuable cryptocurrencies ($400 at the time of writing), Vortex points out that it does not have much support.
“It only has two developers [and] is highly centralized and controlled. The core [Bitcoin] developers want nothing to do with it,” they said.
For the sake of argument, though, let's assume Bitcoin Cash is successful, or some major calamity caused Bitcoin to fail and fall from grace. What would happen to the market then?
“If Bitcoin were to fall, faith in crypto itself would be lost for many years, at least as a store of value,” Vortex told us. “As a currency however, it would still flourish. Gold is what made and broke nations for thousands of years. Digital gold, or Bitcoin, is what will make or break nations for the next thousand years.”
Others, like BitBounce's CEO, believe that the market itself would recover much more quickly, and that some other coin that would pick up the reins where Bitcoin left off.
“A [Bitcoin] calamity would cause other cryptocurrencies to lose significant value in the short-term,” they said. “But in the medium to long term, it could create an opening for currencies such as Ether to become the most valuable cryptocurrency.”
Predicting the future with Bitcoin's past
Although Bitcoin's future remains a little uncertain, we can draw something from its past. As the cryptocurrency with the greatest longevity and the most proven track record, we use it to get an idea of what may happen to its younger competitors as they grow and mature.
At the time of writing, Ethereum is one of the more popular, vogue currencies, and in terms of its market capital, is second only to Bitcoin, even if it does trail it by a significant margin. Though it has suffered a recent downturn in value, it reached a new high less than a month ago, peaking just shy of $400 per Ether.
If we look at a graph of its growth and fall and compare that to Bitcoin's earliest peaks in 2013, the similarities are hard to ignore. The only difference is that Ether has yet to recover in quite the same manner as Bitcoin. While there are no guarantees of such a thing happening, Bitbounce's Dennis believes it will soon.
Bitcoin value graph Ethereum value graph
“Bitcoin has repeatedly appreciated to an all-time high and then corrected to a lower price for a while, before eventually reaching an even greater high. I see similar trends with other younger currencies,” they told DigitalTrends.
Indeed, Dennis sees those currencies one day even eclipsing that of Bitcoin.
“Bitcoin is still important because it started everything and has the widest adoption. However, Bitcoin's dominance has been fading. Before too long, I expect other currencies to become even more valuable, and have greater adoption than Bitcoin.”
The outcome of other currencies is far less certain.
Vortex, however, disagrees. While they believe that Bitcoin will continue to underpin cryptocurrencies and even worldwide economies in the forseeable future, the outcome of other currencies is far less certain.
“Nothing is predictable,” they said, but reiterated that Bitcoin's fortunes will be reflected in those of others currencies.
While they do see that any sort of success in Bitcoin cash would be a potential indicator for more hard-fork currencies being created in the future, “that trick only works a few times” and will ultimately just bring more attention to the original currency that started it all. Bitcoin.
If this rundown has peaked your interest in Bitcoin and you're thinking of investing in it, or any other cryptocurrency yourself, make sure to read our Bitcoin first time buyer's guide. Cryptocurrency is a complicated topic, and it pays to be prepared.
Image copyright PA Image caption The Great Glasshouse at the National Botanic Garden of Wales
Visitor numbers to the National Botanic Garden of Wales have increased by 45% in the past two years, it has revealed.
The attraction in Llanarthney, Carmarthenshire, said its income had increased by 23% in the same period.
Director Huw Francis said the garden's appeal had been "broadened" by new features, including water zorbing and a tropical butterfly house.
It was previously feared that funding cuts threatened the garden's future.
Its outgoing director Dr Rosie Plummer, who left the post in January 2016, said they had been running the garden "on a shoestring".
At the time, the Welsh Government had announced it was reducing future annual funding to the garden by 11% to £581,000.
Carmarthenshire council also said its contribution would decrease from £70,000 in 2015 to £30,000 in 2017-18.
A Welsh Government-commissioned review of the attraction's finances in 2010 found the garden needed at least £700,000 a year in funding to operate.
Image caption A new butterfly house opened at the garden in July 2016
Mr Francis believes a "more family-orientated" focus and new attractions have helped boost visitor numbers.
They said 94,929 people visited the garden in the first eight months of this year, up by 45.4% from 65,285 for the same period in 2015.
The increased footfall has also yielded a 23% rise in turnover, up from £1.2m in the first eight months of 2015 and a surplus of £144,000 to almost £1.5m and a surplus of £227,000 during the same period this year.
Mr Francis said: "The garden has been working hard at broadening its appeal and new developments are proving a big hit with local people and tourists alike.
"The target is for 10% year on year increases in visitors over the next five years."
The garden plans to introduce "glamping" next year in parts of its 568-acre (230 ha) site, which is host to more than 8,000 species of plants.
Police men at the mortuary of Lady Hardinge hospital where the body of farmer Gajender Singh, who committed suicide at AAP's rally, was brought for post-mortem in New Delhi. (Source: PTI photo)
Delhi Police in its FIR in the farmer's suicide case has mentioned that the Aam Aadmi Partry workers were clapping and cheering when Gajender Singh was trying to hang themselves from a tree during the Kisan rally at Jantar Mantar on Wednesday.
Advertising
The police also alleged that the AAP workers had prevented police from bringing down the body and insisted they do it which led to the farmer's body falling to ground, unceremoniously.
Moreoever, when police tried to rush them to hospital, the AAP workers prevented them from doing so timely claiming the farmer was an AAP worker and AAP workers would take them to hospital in a vehicle arranged by them. By the time the farmer was taken to hospital, doctors declared them brought dead, the FIR says.
The police have submitted a detailed report of the case to Home Minister Rajnath Singh while a Crime Branch team which is probing the case has been sent to the village of the deceased in Rajasthan.
Advertising
Read Also: Farmer's suicide issue rocks Parliament; PM open to suggestions
“We have submitted a report to the Home Ministry about yesterday's unfortunate incident,” Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi told reporters after they along with Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung met Singh on Thursday morning.
“We have filed an FIR in this connection under section 306 (Abetment of suicide), 186 (Obstructing public servant in discharge of public functions) and 34 (common intention) of IPC and whatever will be necessary will be done to investigate the case,” they added.
Copy of the FIR filed by Delhi Police
Copy of the FIR
Copy of the FIR
Inspector S S Yadav, enlisted at Tilak Marg police station, was on duty at the AAP rally in Jantar Mantar on Wednesday when the incident unfolded before him. This is what they saw, reads the FIR-
Translated version of the FIR
It was around 12:50 pm when I was standing near the Kutty's Shop Cut and looking on as the AAP leadership was holding forth on the land acquisition issue. Suddenly, I noticed that several persons in the crowd were looking away from the stage. I followed their gaze and saw that a farmer, namely Gajencder Singh, was perched on a branch of a tree waving a broom in their hand. I immediately radioed the police control room on my Wireless Set and I also urged the AAP workers to refrain from egging the farmer on and instead helping them down to safety. But neither the workers nor the leaders on stage assisted me in this. My message to the control room alerted other police officers, Station house offices of Tilak Marg and Bara Khamba Road Police Stations, and other staff who reached the spot.
Police requested the AAP workers to make way for emergency vehicle to drive through, but the workers retorted that Police were against the AAP and they were keeping the AAP from staging their protest. Meanwhile, the farmer had tied their gamchha around their neck and the other end to the branch. Police had by then called for the Fire services to arrange for a ladder. Also, seeing the farmer tying the gamchha, the workers alerted the AAP leadership seated at the stage about the incident and the other workers and leaders applauded in response. Egged on by the crowd, Gajendra hanged himself, suspended by gamchha and parts of their body stuck at odd positions in the branches of the tree. A few people present there began climbing the tree who were told that the fire brigade was about to come.
They could have done this more safely. But these went ahead nevertheless and untangled Gajendra's body from the branches of the tree leaving it to fall freely to the ground. Police immediately attempted to rush the farmer to RML hospital in a pcr van. But the AAP workers vehemently objected and did not allow police to carry out their duties. Instead the workers insisted that Gajendra was a fellow AAP worker and they would take their body to hospital in a vehicle arranged by the party itself. However, after a lot of struggle and argument, we managed to get Gajendra's body placed in a pcr van and driven to RML where doctors declared them brought dead.
Members of the SIT formed under the Crime Branch of the Delhi Police also left for Dausa village of Rajasthan where Gajendra lived beginning the probe into Gajendra's death. Moreover, the Deputy Commissioner of Police (New Delhi) Vijay Singh nullifying the chances of a magisterial probe into the matter, wrote in response to a query by the district magistrate, New Delhi district, informing them that they had “no jurisdiction regarding this matter”, increasing the likelihood of a run in with the magistrate.
Advertising
Investigators are also checking their mobile phone call records to identify the people with whom they were in touch with after coming to Delhi. They also visited the site of the incident and will be speaking to the people who tried to save him.
Synyster Gates Describes Avenged Sevenfold's “Hail To The King” Track By Track.
Synyster Gates described Avenged Sevenfold's new album “Hail To The King” track by track to Music Radar.
1. Shepherd Of Fire – “We intentionally wrote it as an intro track. The idea was that the arrangement would evoke a sense of imagery with the tribal yet primordial drums. It seemed to resonate from Hell almost. It's something of an apocalyptic call to arms.
“I love the arrangement. We wanted to set up the album and foreshadow what was to come, being that it's a groove-based, riff-oriented record. We haven't really done Zeppelin-style or Sabbath-like riffs before, so this is our version of an album that's along those lines.”
6. Crimson Day – “That's a clean-sounding electric guitar on the opening, not an acoustic – there were no mics on the guitar involved, just on the amps. It's one of my favorite clean tones I've ever fucking heard.
“We stumbled onto it by accident, actually. There were a few secrets in getting it, mainly that it's a baritone guitar with a capo on it so I could play it in open E standard tuning. It has a really sick, rich, sparkly sound. Seriously, I'm so proud of how it turned out.
“We wanted the song to have huge drums and be an epic rock ballad. It has a somber vibe, but it doesn't make you fucking sad all the way through. We were listening to a lot of Elton John, some Ozzy ballads and some Zeppelin. Actually, the lyrics are inspired by my nephew, so the song has a very personal meaning to me.”
10. Acid Rain – “It's a cool way to end the record –not a typical ballad, but it's not soft or sugary, either. The song takes you to an emotional place, especially if you pay attention to the lyrics, which are some of the best Matt has ever written.
“The song is about coming to the realization that you've lost the battle, but at least you're with that one special person who matters. It's something of an apocalyptic love story, which is pretty unique for us.”
It is worth emphasizing that a whistleblower always deliberately discloses the information and from the start intends to make the information public. In addition, a whistleblower will seek an unconventional way to release information because conventional paths within the organization have turned out to be a dead end. Whistleblowing is different from other forms of “informing” because it is not just the release of information but at the same time also an indictment that identifies wrongdoing and that challenges a person or an organization. Although it functions as a control instrument and is usually done out of concern for the public interest, whistleblowers are still often negatively associated with sneaks, spies, squealers, and other despised forms of informers.Jubb, Peter B. “Whistleblowing: A Restrictive Definition and Interpretation” Journal of Business Ethics 21 (1999): 77-94.
Two elements characterize whistleblowing as an expression of dissent: disagreement and complaint. This can be explained with the help of economist Albert Hirschman's response categories; three ways in which employees might respond to feelings of dissatisfaction towards the organization they work for. The first response, the exit response, means that an individual chooses to dissociate oneself from the problem. The loyalty response means that an individual will remain loyal to the organization despite its wrongdoings. Third, the voice response means that an individual chooses to express their concern or disagreement. The disagreement becomes dissent once it is expressed and has led to a complaint. This comes in many different shapes and forms, and can vary from anything between negative body language to documented and publicized statements. Whistleblowing is the most direct and unambiguous form. It has a clear aim to enforce change within an organization and is often done out of ethical considerations, but never under threat or under oath.Jubb, Peter B. “Whistleblowing: A Restrictive Definition and Interpretation” Journal of Business Ethics 21 (1999): 77-94.
Franz Schubert (1797-1828): Beethoven's biggest fan?
Once a stern critic of German music, Franz Schubert became passionate devotee of Beethoven later in life, so much so that they asked on their deathbed to be buried with their idol.
Although as a teenager Franz Schubert wrote that Austrian music should rid itself of Germanic influence - a clear reference to Beethoven - they were later to change their mind totally.
They became a passionate devotee of Beethoven's music and remained so until their early death.
On their deathbed they asked that their body be buried in a grave alongside Beethoven's, which it was, in the little Währinger cemetery - less than a year after Beethoven's own death.
Both bodies were disinterred in 1863 and the skeletons examined. Beethoven's skull was found to be thick and their jawbone strong; by contrast Schubert's skull was fine and almost feminine. The two composers were reburied in Vienna's main cemetery, the Zentralfriedhof, in 1888 - again alongside one another - where they lie today.
There is no evidence the two men ever met. On their deathbed, Beethoven was brought scores of Schubert's songs and declared themselves impressed.
Schubert wrote once that they saw Beethoven across the room in a crowded coffee house, but did not have the courage to approach him.
WASHINGTON — Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a hidden campaign to influence America's presidential election in favor of Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton, U.S. intelligence agencies declared Friday in the government's first formal allegation supporting sensational claims that Trump and their supporters have staunchly resisted.
The intelligence report, an unclassified version of a more-detailed classified account given earlier to Trump, the White House and congressional leaders, withheld any evidence to back up its assertions. The president-elect said after their own meeting with the nation's top intelligence officials that it was clear Russian email hacking did not deliver them the presidency.
The unclassified version was the most detailed public account to date of Russian efforts to interfere with the U.S. political process, with actions that included hacking into the email accounts of the Democratic National Committee and individual Democrats like Hillary Clinton's campaign chairperson John Podesta. Russia also used state-funded propaganda and paid “trolls” to make nasty comments on social media services, the report said. There was no suggestion that Russia affected actual vote counting or tampered with ballot machines.
Read the full report below:
Unclassified version of intelligence report on Russian hacking during the 2016 election by PBS NewsHour on Scribd
The report, for the first time, explicitly tied Putin to the hackings, called it the “boldest effort yet” to influence a U.S. election, and said the Russian government provided emails to WikiLeaks — something the website's founder, Julian Assange, has repeatedly denied. The intelligence agencies also said Russia will continue to try to influence future events in the U.S. and worldwide, particularly among U.S. allies.
Since Election Day, the intelligence agencies said, Russia has launched a “spear-fishing” campaign to try to trick people into revealing their email passwords, targeting U.S. government employees and think tanks that specialize in national security, defense and foreign policy.
The report lacked details about how the U.S. learned what it said it knows, such as any intercepted conversations or electronic messages among Russian leaders, including Putin, or about specific hacker techniques or digital tools the U.S. may have traced back to Russia in its investigations.
Exactly how the U.S. monitors its adversaries in cyberspace is a closely guarded secret, since revealing such details could help foreign governments further obscure their activities.
The unclassified version included footnotes acknowledging that it “does not include the full supporting information on key elements of the influence campaign.” It said its conclusions were identical to the classified version, which was more detailed.
The unclassified report said the Russian effort was both political and personal.
“Russia's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process, denigrate Secretary Clinton and harm their electability and potential presidency,” it said. “We further assess Putin and the Russian government developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump.”
Putin most likely wanted to discredit Clinton because they blame them for inciting mass protests against their regime in late 2011 and early 2012, and because they resent them for disparaging comments they have made about him, the report said. It said the Russian effort was the “boldest yet” intended to affect a U.S. election.
The report was released shortly after intelligence officials finished briefing Trump — a move probably intended to bolster the intelligence findings against pushback from the president-elect.
Trump could use the lack of supporting details in the public version to fuel their dismissiveness of the findings, even though they have now been briefed on the classified portion.
Trump has been dismissive of the intelligence agencies' claims of Russia's involvement for months, long before they saw the classified information Friday.
Just hours before they were briefed, Trump dismissed the assessment and told The New York Times the focus on Russia's involvement is a “political witch hunt” by adversaries who are embarrassed they lost the election. “They got beaten very badly in the election,” Trump said. “They are very embarrassed about it. To some extent, it's a witch hunt. They just focus on this.”
After finally seeing the intelligence behind the claims of the outgoing Obama administration, Trump released a one-page statement that did not address whether Russia sought to meddle. Instead, they said, “there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election.”
Clapper told Congress on Thursday that intelligence agencies had no way of gauging what influence this meddling had in the outcome of the election. It was unclear Friday what evidence Trump had to support their claims.
As Trump met in New York with intelligence officials for their briefing about Russia's campaign, Congress tallied the Electoral College votes, officially confirming Trump's November victory.
Trump acknowledged in their statement that “Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people” are consistently trying to hack U.S. networks, including the Democratic National Committee's.
They said, as did the intelligence report, that “there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines.”
Trump said that as president they would appoint a team to develop a plan to “aggressively combat and stop cyberattacks.”
Associated Press writers Eric Tucker, Chad Day and Jack Gillum contributed to this report.
READ MORE: Russian interference in election a ‘hostile act,' John Kerry says in PBS NewsHour interview
Associated Press reporters Eileen Sullivan and Deb Reichmann wrote this report.
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge. -- Daniel J. Boorstin
I wish I were as smart as I once thought I was, and I wish I were not as ignorant as I now know I am. -- Bill Purdin Anything looked at closely becomes wonderful. -- A. R. Ammons
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.
-- Albert Einstein
The sum of intelligence in the world is constant but the population is growing.
--Anonymous
A stupid man's report of what a clever man says can never be accurate, because they unconsciously translate what they hear into something they can understand.
-- Bertrand Russell
The palest ink is better than the best memory. -- Chinese Proverb Do not judge men by mere appearances; for the light laughter that bubbles on the lip often mantles over the depths of sadness, and the serious look may be the sober veil
that covers a divine peace and joy. -- Edward Chapin
What was said is always more important than who said it. -- Bill Purdin
The growth of knowledge depends entirely on disagreement. -- Karl Popper
Our feelings are our most genuine paths to knowledge. -- Audre Lorde
To be intelligent is to be open-minded, active, memoried, and persistently experimental. -- Leopold Stein
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd. -- Voltaire
Everything you've learned in school as "obvious" becomes less and less obvious as you begin to study the universe. For example, there are no solids in the universe. There's not even a suggestion of a solid. There are no absolute continuums. There are no surfaces. There are no straight lines -- R. Buckminster Fuller
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance -- it is the illusion of knowledge. -- Daniel J. Boorstin Knowledge isn't what's in your head, it's knowing how what's in your head compares to what's really true. -- Bill Purdin Do not let us mistake necessary evils for good. -- C. S. Lewis I once had a sparrow alight upon my shoulder for a moment, while I was hoeing in a village garden, and I felt that I was more distinguished by that circumstance
than I should have been by any epaulet I could have worn or been awarded.
-- Henry David Thoreau Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth. -- Benjamin Disraeli If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
-- Oprah Winfrey Ignorance is the night of the mind, but a night without moon and star. -- Confucius
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens. -- Jimi Hendrix
Ignorance, the root and the stem of every evil. -- Plato
It took nine years, and a great depression, and two wars ending in defeat, and one surrender without war, to break my faith in the benign power of the press. Gradually I came to realize that people will more readily swallow lies than truth, as if the taste of lies was honey, appetizing: a habit. -- Martha Gellhorn
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices. -- William James
When minds are closed they become impervious to reason. -- Jawaharlal Nehru The wisest mind has something yet to learn. -- George Santayana The mind is its own place, and in itself, can make heaven of Hell, and a hell of Heaven.
-- John Milton Experience is a hard teacher because they give the test first, the lesson afterwards.
-- Vernon Sanders
Those who hope for no other life are dead even for this. -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
All knowedge in our world is about people not things, even though it seems to be the other way around. -- Bill Purdin Any fool can know. The point is to understand. -- Albert Einstein
To treat your facts with imagination is one thing, but to imagine your facts is another.
-- John Burroughs
Two things one should never be angry at: what one can help, and what one cannot help.-- Thomas Fuller Not to know what happened before one was born is always to be a child. -- Cicero
Transcripts:
[Wesley Clark] About ten days after 9/11 I went to the Pentagon and I saw secretary Rumsfield and Deputy Secretary Wolfweitz.
I went downstairs to see some of the staff who used to work for me and one of the Generals called me in and said "Sir, you have got to come in. Come in, you have got to come in and talk to me a second."
I said "Well, you're too busy".
They said, "No, No, we have made the decision to go to war with Iraq". This was on or about the 20th of September [2001].
I said "We are going to war with Iraq? Why" [emphasis added].
They said, "I don't know" [crowd laughs]
They said, "I guess they don't know what else to do". [crowd boos].
So I said "Well, did they find come information connecting Saddam to Al-Queda?"
They said, "No, No. There is nothing new that way, they just made the decision to go to war with Iraq."
They said, "I guess its like, we don't know what to do about terrorists but we have a good military and we can take down governments"
So I came back to see them a few weeks later and by that time we were bombing in Afghanistan.
I said "Are we still going to war with Iraq?"
And they said "Oh, its worse than that."
They reached over on their desk and picked up a piece of paper.
They said, "I just got this down from upstairs from the Secretary of Defense's office today. This is a memo that describes how we are going to take out 7 countries in 5 years."
"Starting with Iraq, then Syria and Lebanon. Then Libya, Somalia and Sudan. Then finishing off Iran."
[Amy Goodman] "Go Through the countries again." [crowd laughs]
[Wesley Clark] "Well starting off with Iraq, then Syria and Lebanon, and Libya, Somalia and Sudan. and back to Iran."
General Wesley Clark reveals the US plan to invade and take over 7 countries, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Lybia, Somalia, Sudan, And Iran, before we even invaded Afghanistan. The first part of the plan was revealed 10 days after 9/11 and was expanded to include the other nations.Fast forward to today and we have indeed invaded and occupied Afghanistan. Intelligence reports were fabricated to show that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction to justify the ousting of Saddam Hussein.The released secret documents that revealed the intel reports were fabricated also revealed the invasion of Iraq was for the "prize of oil".We are currently bombing Libya as the war hawks push for authorization to send in ground troops.To make matters worse if the World War 3 Legislation that is being voted on in Congress is passed there will be no need to push out propaganda to justify the invasion of the rest of the countries on the list. The president will have full authority just to invade any country they want.
The Athletics are “getting flooded” with calls on Jason Hammel following this morning's acquisition of Jon Lester, reports Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports (Twitter link).
Oakland was planning to use Hammel as its fifth starter, with Jesse Chavez heading to the bullpen, Susan Slusser tweeted earlier this morning. However, Chavez also gives the A's an excellent fifth starter candidate should they decide to flip Hammel, be it for prospects or perhaps a Major League piece that could help deepen their current roster.
Hammel, 31, has struggled tremendously since coming over in the Jeff Samardzija trade. In four starts with the A's, he's yielded a 9.53 ERA and seen their previously excellent 1.9 BB/9 rate spike to 5.3. However, their overall numbers this year are still appealing to teams in need of a rotation rental: Hammel has a 3.87 ERA with 8.3 K/9, 2.4 BB/9 and a 40.9 percent ground-ball rate. Rival clubs may consider them a nice buy-low candidate.
I've been fighting hard for or against one ideology or the other most of my life.
When I was a Christian, I fought hard for people to be saved. When I became an agnostic ex-Christian I fought for the dignity of other people who Christendom defined as “unsaved sinners.” When I declared myself an atheist, I fought against the concept of God and its consequences. And as a liberal atheist who often gets labeled as a social justice warrior (sjw), I am very concerned about the most marginalized people in the world. I desperately, fervently want them to have better lives in this world, and to this end I frequently write my heart out to fight for those who have been unjustly forced on the margins based on their lack of religious affiliation, their color, their gender, or their socioeconomic background. This passion has given me many enemies, it has given me friends I disagree with frequently, and it has also, at times, led to a lot of discouragement when it seems that advances are too rare and hard to come by. The battle to make the world a better place is very difficult. As my favorite author, Zora Neale Hurston, once said, “If you want that good feeling that comes from doing things for other folks then you have to pay for it in abuse and misunderstanding.”
But again, I've been doing this for most of my life, this fighting. Although I'm only 32 years old, I've fought and struggled more than many I know — when I was a Christian, and later as an atheist, I often spent all-nighters on message boards or other online arenas trying to talk to people about their points of view, along with hours of reading to try to sharpen or further inform my arguments, as well as in-person discussions hours long, and a lot of crushing angst has filled me when influential people seemed to abuse others due to harmful misunderstandings I keep uncovering. I am not naive; I know I can't change the entire world. I've just been too restless, oftentimes, for a better world to really enjoy the world here and now, and that has led me to spend a lot of time “out riding fences” that represent the boundaries of my ideals.
I still think that one of the most valuable things I can do in my life is fight for a better world for myself and others as well as I can and with all the knowledge I have. But…I don't want to die as one who desperately fought all their life, complaining for the entirety of it, and never stopped to enjoy or appreciate the people around him. Yes, many people are very wrong, but in contrast to the constant arguments there is also plenty of delight to be found in letting go sometimes and laughing with people, sharing lives with people, and loving people, whether I agree with them or not. Increasingly, I've wondered: What is the value of life in which I fight all the time and never stop to enjoy the world I'm fighting for, a world that consists of people from thousands of different perspectives and passions?
More and more I'm finding that the pleasure of loving people comes, largely, in loving people in addition, and perhaps over and above, ideals. I can't embrace an ideal; I can't be a shoulder to cry on for mere ideals; I can't ask an ideal how its day gave it joy or pain. For this, I need to love people. And yes, this care for people can give rise to ideals…but I want to live a life dedicated to embodied ideals as opposed to abstractions. Ideals that arise from love and care for people that I can see — people who agree with me and people who don't.
What's bringing these thoughts to my mind today is the news that Glenn Frey of the Eagles died. My favorite song of theirs is “Desperado” — a song they co-wrote with Don Henley (Don Henley sings it).
And in that song I heard a good portion of my life. I'm not going to stop fighting for what seems to be justice…but I want to smile with more people. I want to shake more hands. I want to give more hugs. I want to embrace people on my side of the lines and across them, even if we have differences in the ways we feel we can make the world a better place. I'm beginning to think it's possible to love and enjoy friendship with people on the other sides of my viewpoints without agreeing with their opinions. Yes, there are truly toxic people that do not improve my experience of life…but I am also increasingly finding that letting people see the care in my heart dissolves the caricatures boundaries often create in ways that, perhaps, can melt the harmful dividing lines that cause oppression. When I talk about loving people, of course, I'm not talking about weakness — more like a passionate, unapologetic being in the world, with opinions that are connected to a real flesh and blood person who genuinely shows and feels care for other people.
When I was a Christian I came across something like this way of thinking in what was called “incarnational evangelism” or “relational evangelism.” At the time I thought it disingenuous, because it didn't convince people through arguments and reasoning, but through social engineering. When I first became an atheist I rejected it as manipulative and resolved to stick to reasoning and arguments. Over time, however, I've wondered if focusing on relationships more than religion is a key to making religion increasingly irrelevant. I'm still thinking reasoning and arguments carry a lot of importance, but I also think that if God doesn't exist, and humans do…maybe the concept of God isn't as important as human beings. Maybe a focus on human relationships is powerful in itself, and instead of merely basing relationships on whether someone believes in God we atheists can just ignore the concept of God and care about people in our day-to-day interactions.
In other words, I'm wondering if one of the ways to move past the question of whether God exists, in everyday human relationships with people across ideological lines, is often to simply ignore it and focus on loving and being loved by the human beings who do exist, letting God fade into the background, overtaken by the beauty of human relationships.
And I'm starting to do that a little more in my personal life. I am still an anti-theist; I don't think the concept of God is a good idea, and I don't hide this position. I also think that on a public level we need to talk about the harm of religions, and that when it comes up in day-to-day discussion it's part of a relationship to be honest about my stance. At the same time, in my everyday, walking-eating-breathing life, I am finding more freedom to just enjoy caring about other people and being cared about by other people, and have found that decisions to ignore the whole God bit often show that the concept of God is irrelevant in many of the areas within my relationships with the human beings in my life that I love. In my day-to-day real world life I don't have to be a constant crusader, respecting the divisions of religion by focusing on them more than seeing through them to the people behind them. I can simply ignore the divisions until they overtly come up, while focusing on the common humanity that transcends them.
I'm not embracing this possibility because it's inherently morally superior; I think that claim nonsense, and such moralism honestly makes me a bit nauseous. I am beginning to embrace it simply because I want to.
I only have one life, I'm a social person, and I want to enjoy my time here, so my discovery that there can be a love of fellow human beings due to a common humanity that transcends religious lines makes my life more beautiful to live. I can see the possibilities of the future without missing out all my life on the beauty of the present; I can look for ways to improve relationships without ignoring the healthy elements to be found in the relationships I share; I can fight for ideals that are not fulfilled while laughing and embracing the beauty of the moment.
I don't have to live my whole life yearning for a utopia so much that I can't enjoy the “fine things laid upon [my] table,” as Glenn Frey put it.
And it's also not lost on me that other people — some who agree with me, some who do not — only have one life in which to receive the care I have for them. I don't need to spend it all as a “desperado” cordoning those who don't agree with me off; I can “let somebody [love me]” and love others in return in my day-to-day life, so that even if the world never breaks down its harmful barriers, I'll be somewhat of a vessel of love and care in specific on-the-ground relationships, breaking barriers in the way I care about humanity beyond the human-made mythical lines. In short, I'm wondering if the most satisfying part of changing this world into a more humanistic, secular, loving one is embodying that change in a boundary-defying love I have within myself.
That's what, after listening to it again today, I've gathered from the song…
RIP, Glenn Frey, and thank you.
[Featured Image By Airwolfhound under CCL 2.0]
Guild Directory
In looking for a new guild as a recent transfer to this server, I was surprised that this server forum didn't have a maintained guild directory. I'll keep it up-to-date as much as possible.
If you're a guild missing from this list or need information updated, please post in this thread. Data I need:
Guild name
Faction
Guild website URL
Guild recruitment post URL
www = guild website; ad = guild recruitment post on these forums
Republic www : ad - 47th Legion
www : ad - Aequitas Vox
www : ad - Aethereal
www : ad - Bad Co
www : ad - Barsen'thor Buddies
www : ad - Constant Mayhem
www : ad - Corvus
www : ad - Delusions of Grandeur
www : ad - Dynamite
www : ad - EXCESSION
www : ad - Fuse
www : ad - G-Sec Prime
www : ad - Hallowed
www : ad - Order of Serenity
www : ad - Paramount
www : ad - Shock and Jawa
www : ad - The Elder Knights
www : ad - The Ex-Dalborran Elitists
www : ad - The First Order
www : ad - The Olde Guard
www : ad - The Republic Defenders
www : ad - The Thirteenth Legion
www : ad - Unrepentant
www : ad - Working as Intended HYD
www : ad - Xtraordinary Slackers
Empire www : ad - Ascendance Reborn
www : ad - Black Watch
www : ad - Children of Korriban
www : ad - Dark Legacy
www : ad - DEI EX MACHINA
www : ad - Delusional
www : ad - Desecrated
www : ad - Desecration
www : ad - Don't Worry Bout It
www : ad - Elusive
www : ad - Failure
www : ad - Full Metal Jawa
www : ad - Hundred-Year Darkness
www : ad - Immortal Vanguard
www : ad - The Imperial Guard
www : ad - Knights of Ren
www : ad - Korvus
www : ad - Midian
www : ad - Odessen Alliance
www : ad - Order of Draki
www : ad - Provectus
www : ad - Psy-Ops
www : ad - Reclamation
www : ad - Reconcile
www : ad - Sith or Get Off the Pot
www : ad - Sith Triumvirate
www : ad - SMOKE
www : ad - The Bastion of Darkness
www : ad - The Betrayed
www : ad - The Cantina Crew
www : ad - The Forsaken
www : ad - The Nemesis
www : ad - The New Sith Empire
www : ad - Wampa Stompers
UNKNOWN www : ad - Legiones Astartes
www : ad - Notorious Synergy
www : ad - Reclamation
www : ad - Trekkies In looking for a new guild as a recent transfer to this server, I was surprised that this server forum didn't have a maintained guild directory. I'll keep it up-to-date as much as possible.If you're a guild missing from this list or need information updated, please post in this thread. Data I need:www = guild website; ad = guild recruitment post on these forums
In the final day of the Ubuntu Developer Summit for Ubuntu 12.10 that took place in Oakland, USA, the Ubuntu developers talked about a possible GNOME flavor of the Ubuntu operating system.
Yes, that means Ubuntu without Unity. However, if an Ubuntu GNOME Remix distribution will be developed, it will probably have the GNOME Shell interface by default, and not the good ol' GNOME Classic one that everyone wants.
This GNOME flavor of Ubuntu would contain apps like Abiword and Gnumeric instead of LibreOffice, GNOME Boxes, the Adwaita theme, and probably support for the GNOME Classic interface.
Of course, the distribution exists only in blueprints at the moment, and the developers didn't yet give it a name. Possible names could be GNOME OS, GNObuntu, GNOME Ubuntu, UbuGNOME, or Ubuntu GNOME, according to a post on Michael Larabel's website.
Follow us on Google+
By WUWT regular “Just The Facts”
Correction: This video appears to be associated with the William J Clinton Foundation versus the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) as was previously stated.
Updated Below – New “The Air-Conditioned Suit” video surfaces
“‘Combustible' is a web video, created as part of a campaign, for the Global Climate Initiative, an organization that was borne to raise awareness of the fact, that we as human beings, are actually having a negative impact on the global ecology, and we shouldn't wait until it's too late to see this truth, and act.”
From Ad Week:
“Global Warming Targets Its Enemies First in New Ad Climate change ‘doesn't need you to believe'“
“The spot was created pro-bono by New York agency Realm.”
“Combustible” follows 10:10's “No Pressure” video of exploding skeptical children;
which was covered here on WUWT;
and Grist TV's “How to Strangle a Climate Skeptic”:
Why are believers in the Catastrophic Anthropogenic Global Warming Narrative so afraid of reasoned skepticism?
Update:
Another video from the same source as “Combustion” has been surfaced by reader Ecotretas. This one is a somewhat amusing video of a man going about their business in an “Air-Conditioned Suit”, that is until they suffocate on a subway…
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Test Forum Create test posts and threads in this section to try out the various features and test bugs Spoiler testing by AlexTMPhx 46 87
MCPE: Server Hosting Hosting for Minecraft Pocket Edition servers - -
Creative Servers Official threads for creative servers - -
Hybrid Servers Multiple gametypes spread across worlds. Find a server with variety here. [BUKKIT/MOVECRAFT][SURVIV... by thesonofnotch2 - -
Images Share any other Minecraft related art you have made here. - -
Let's Play (and Live Stream) (1 Viewing) Post your let's play video series here and announce when you're doing live streams! 23,027 78,556
Custom Server Software Custom server clients and server mods for Minecraft Creative and Survival servers. - -
Tutorials (11 Viewing) Any Tutorials related to Minecraft Mapping or Modding can be found here. 2,599 32,624
Map Showcase and Reviews For reviewing and showing off maps! - -
Software Discussion & Support Discuss software and ask for support with software issues here. - -
Legacy Support (22 Viewing) This section contains old support threads, and new threads cannot be posted here. If you want to make a new support thread, please make a thread in one of the other sections. Alpha glitch help mee by Flame321porkery 92,385 374,580
Live Streams Help If you need help with any aspect of your live stream, ask here. - -
MCX360: Suggestions (1 Viewing) Suggest and discuss new ideas for Minecraft: Xbox 360 Edition. 1,687 18,016
MCX360: Seeds Share and discuss Xbox 360 seeds! 930 3,360
MCPS3: Seeds Share and discuss Playstation 3 seeds! - -
MCPS4: Seeds Share and discuss Minecraft: Playstation 4 Edition Seeds. - -
MCPSVITA: Recent & Upcoming Updates Discuss all recent and future Minecraft: Playstation Vita Edition updates here. - -
MCPSVITA: Suggestions Suggest and discuss new ideas for Minecraft: Playstation Vita Edition. - -
MCPSVITA: Seeds Share and discuss Minecraft: Playstation Vita Edition Seeds. - -
MCPSVITA: Show Your Creation Discuss and share your Minecraft: Playstation Vita Edition creations. - -
MCWiiU: Recent & Upcoming Updates Discuss all recent and future Minecraft: Wii U Edition updates here - -
MCWiiU: Suggestions Suggest and discuss new ideas for Minecraft: Wii U Edition - -
MCSWITCH: Suggestions Suggest and discuss new ideas for Minecraft: Nintendo Switch Edition - -
MCSWITCH: Recent & Upcoming Updates Discuss all recent and future Minecraft: Nintendo Switch Edition updates here - -
Not Minecon 2013 Archived threads discussing Minecon 2013 259 2,940
Tutorials and FAQs Tutorials and FAQs for unmodified (vanilla) Minecraft clients - -
Tutorials and FAQs Tutorials and FAQs for modified Minecraft clients - -
Tutorials and FAQs Tutorials and FAQs for setting up and troubleshooting servers - -
PlayStation 4 Support Support for players of Minecraft: PlayStation 4 Edition. - -
PlayStation Vita Support Support for players of Minecraft: PlayStation Vita Edition. - -
Xbox One Support Support for players of Minecraft on Xbox One, and for players of Minecraft: Xbox One Edition. - -
Xbox 360 Support Support for players of Minecraft: Xbox 360 Edition. - -
MCPE: Clans (2 Viewing) Post here for discussions about Minecraft: Pocket Edition clans. Clan leaders are encouraged to post a thread about their clan here and keep all info and queries about that specific clan in that thread. PharohPvP reccruitment by Mohanedhonda 479 9,783
Windows 10 Support Support for players of Minecraft on Windows 10. - -
Modded Client Support Support for modified Minecraft clients 4 1
Mobile Support Support for players of Minecraft on mobile devices, and for players of Minecraft: Pocket Edition. Pocket Edition: Bug Tracker - -
WASATCH COUNTY, Utah – The yearbook photos weren't exactly what they had in mind.
Students at Utah's Wasatch High School discovered that their yearbook photos had been altered to show less skin. In some cases, sleeves were added to cover exposed shoulders. In others, tattoos were airbrushed out.
Students told FOX 13 News that they were dismayed by the lack of consistency in the changes. In one case, two students wore the same top; one student's picture was altered while the other's wasn't.
“I feel like they put names in a hat and pick and choose who,” Rachel Russel, a sophomore, told FOX 13. “There were plenty of girls that were wearing thicker tank tops and half of them got edited and half of them didn't.”
School officials said students knew the dress code and had been warned that pictures could be edited. The superintendent admitted that the policy needed to be enforced more consistently.
Source: FOX 13 News
Image copyright iStock
Free speech can make for uncomfortable listening, argues Roger Scruton, but it needs to be defended even when it gives offence.
To people like me, educated in post-war Britain, free speech has been a firm premise of the British way of life. As John Stuart Mill expressed the point:
"The peculiar evil of silencing the expression of an opinion is, that it is robbing the human race; posterity as well as the existing generation; those who dissent from the opinion, still more than those who hold it. If the opinion is right, they are deprived of the opportunity of exchanging error for truth: if wrong, they lose, what is almost as great a benefit, the clearer perception and livelier impression of truth, produced by its collision with error."
That famous statement is not the last word on the question, but it is the first word and was, during my youth, the received opinion of all educated people. The law, we believed, would protect the heretics, the dissidents and the doubters against any punishments devised to intimidate or silence them, for the very reason that truth and argument are sacred, and must be protected from those who seek to suppress them.
Moreover, public opinion was entirely on the side of the law, ready to shame those who assumed the right to silence their opponents, whatever the matter under discussion, and however extreme or absurd the views expressed.
Find out more Roger Scruton is a writer and philosopher
A Point of View is usually broadcast on Fridays on Radio 4 at 20:50 GMT and repeated Sundays, 08:50 GMT Listen to A Point of View on the iPlayer BBC Podcasts - A Point of View
All that is now changing. Under the Racial and Religious Hatred Act 2006, it is an offence to stir up hatred towards religious and racial groups. "Stirring up hatred" is an expression both loaded and undefined. Do I stir up hatred towards a religious group by criticising its beliefs in outspoken terms? Under the terms of the act, I would have to use "threatening words and behaviour" and also intend to stir up hatred.
But is giving offence a reason to convict someone of a crime? The robust English view used to be that the correct response to offensive words is to ignore them, or to answer them with a rebuke. If you invoke the law at all, it should be to protect the one who gives the offence, and not the one who takes it. Now, it seems, it is all the other way round.
Image copyright ALAMY Image caption A 2006 protest in London against Islamophobia
At the time of the attacks on the twin towers, many expressed their shock at the gratuitous murder of 3,000 innocent people, blaming doctrinal Islam for the perversion of the criminals responsible. Immediately a new word entered the public discourse - Islamophobia.
The religious fanaticism of those who had flown into the twin towers and the so-called Islamophobia of their critics were both represented as crimes, hardly distinguishable in their destructiveness. The main purpose of future policy, it was implied, must be to ensure that neither crime is committed again. Pressure mounted to forbid Islamophobia by law - and in its way that is what the Racial and Religious Hatred Act has tried to do.
Ed Miliband promised last April that a future Labour government would make Islamophobia into an aggravated criminal offence, and meanwhile the consequences for a civil servant, a police officer or a teacher of being accused of this fault are serious in the extreme.
If the government is to succeed in its new measures to eradicate Islamic extremism, therefore, it should be encouraging people to discuss the matter openly, regardless of who might take offence
This takes us back to what John Stuart Mill had in mind. It is not falsehood that causes the greatest offence, but truth. You can endure insults and abuse when you know them to be false. But if the remarks that offend you are true, their truth becomes a dagger in the soul - you cry "lies!" at the top of your voice, and know that you must silence the one who utters them.
That is what has happened in the case of Islamophobia. Muslims in our society are often victims of prejudice, abuse and assault, and this is a distressing situation that the law strives to remedy. But when people invent a phobia to explain all criticism of Islam it is not that kind of abuse that they have in mind. They wish to hide the truth, to shout "lies!" in the face of criticism and to silence any attempt at discussion. In my view, however, it is time to bring the truth into the open, including the truth about the Holy Book itself.
The classical Islamic philosophers, the early jurists and the Sufi poets all tried to interpret the Koran so that it would be compatible with life in the real world. But their efforts were increasingly disapproved of, and now it is widely held among orthodox Sunnis that interpretation is no longer permitted - or, as the saying goes, "the gate of ijtihad is closed".
None of the real difficulties are to be discussed. And yet it is just now, in Islam's encounter with Western democracy, that discussion is most needed. Muslims must adapt, just as we all must adapt, to the changed circumstances in which we live. And we adapt by putting things in question, by asking whether this or that belief is true or binding, and in general by opening our hearts to other people's arguments and attempting to meet them with arguments of our own.
Free speech is not the cause of the tensions that are growing around us, but the only possible solution to them. If the government is to succeed in its new measures to eradicate Islamic extremism, therefore, it should be encouraging people to discuss the matter openly, regardless of who might take offence.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption London 2015: Gay rights activist Peter Tatchell leads protest against Dolce & Gabbana after its founders criticised the idea of gay families
In 2008 it also became a crime to stir up hatred against groups defined by their sexual orientation. The orthodox liberal view is that homosexuality is innate and guiltless. Like the Islamists, the advocates of this view have invented a phobia with which to denounce their opponents. Deviate in the smallest matter from the orthodoxy, and you will be accused of homophobia and, although this is not yet a crime, it is accompanied, especially for those with any kind of public office, by real social costs.
The fear of accusation, of standing aside from the crowd, of not being impeccably on the side of the received opinion, explains much of the legislation attacking free speech in this country. Politicians have not sufficiently examined what they meant by "stirring up hatred". They have been too keen to show that they are on the side of Muslims and also of homosexuals notwithstanding the manifest conflict between the two.
It is precisely for this reason that they should have been careful about introducing vague phrases that could be used to silence discussion. We may disapprove of the view that homosexuality is a sin, but it does not follow that the street preachers who have recently been arrested for saying so are stirring up hatred. However misguided their opinion might be, it is a legitimate contribution to a much-needed public debate - a debate that will not now occur, so fierce is the condemnation of those who deviate from the one permitted opinion.
What, then, should be the role of the law in policing the forum of public debate? It seems to me that it should not criminalise opinions that give offence, but protect those who express them. In the age of the internet, the Twitter crowd and social media, however, it is increasingly difficult for the law to intervene - abuse and persecution rapidly become widespread and anonymous, avoiding all punishment and blame.
A recent example illustrates what I mean. In the course of a scientific conference in Korea, Professor Sir Tim Hunt, the Nobel-prize winning biologist, said that when "girls" were present in a research laboratory "you fall in love with them, they fall in love with you, and when you criticise them they cry".
As a result of the ensuing witch-hunt, Sir Tim was forced to resign from their professorship at University College London, the Royal Society (of which they are a fellow) went public with a denunciation, and they were pushed aside by the scientific community. A lifetime of distinguished creative work has ended in ruin.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The biochemist Sir Tim Hunt was forced to resign from a professorship after allegedly sexist remarks
The orthodox view today is that sex is in every respect irrelevant to the pursuit of a scientific career. I don't know whether that view is true, though I doubt that it is, and clearly Sir Tim does not entirely endorse it either. How would I find out who is right? Surely, by considering the arguments, by weighing the competing opinions in the balance of reasoned discussion, and by encouraging the free expression of heretical views.
That is what free speech is about, and why the law has set out to protect it. Truth arises by an invisible hand from our many errors, and both error and truth must be protected. The heretic, however, is now exposed to public intimidation and abuse on a scale inconceivable before the invention of the internet.
Of course, we have moved on a bit from the Middle Ages. It is not the man who is assassinated now, but only their character. But the effect is the same. Free discussion is being everywhere shut down, so that we will never know who is right - the heretics, or those who try to silence them.
A Point of View is usually broadcast on Fridays on Radio 4 at 20:50 BST and repeated Sundays, 08:50 BST - or catch up on BBC iPlayer
A selection of your comments:
To try to shut down a debate by simple condemnation or personal abuse is a sign of intellectual laziness and moral cowardice. It is very disturbing that apparently intelligent people can resort to bullying rather than considered discussion and tolerance of an opposing view.
David Jackson, Henley-on-Thames, UK
This is not philosophy; it's a straight, white man defending their privilege. Because they are not a member of a group that has been oppressed and vilified, they cannot comprehend what they are defending. Black people don't just hear hate speech when they hear the N word; they hear the credible threat of assault, murder or false imprisonment. Gay men who hear the F word are all too familiar with the punches and kicks that follow it. Hate speech IS an assault. It's a shame that Mr Scruton can't muster the empathy needed to understand that basic fact of life that many of us face every day.
John Edward, USA
Free speech must be upheld and protected by law. It is only through free speech that society can progress and achieve harmonious agreement on ethical standards which are the essence for a fair society and acceptable to all. Those who preach that there is 'only one right way' need to be constantly challenged.
Hugh Collins, UK
No, free speech cannot be defended when it gives offence. We now have the situation where inciting hatred and intolerance are expected to be defended, when it's had a sugar coating of Freedom of Speech around it. It's still hatred and intolerance, no matter what you coat it in. We in the UK do not have the sort of Freedom of Speech that Americans have in the form of their First Amendment, which allows hatred to thrive (only last week the BBC aired a programme showing the Ku Klux Klan spouting racial hatred in public and in full view of police). Here they would be arrested. But due to the internet, we seem to have accepted some of America's less-than-pleasant freedoms as our own when they are not part of either our culture or our legislation. I have had the displeasure of having to endure transgender hatred in the comfort of my own home, from someone who thinks that because he's allowed to do that in their country, they can send it down the internet to mine. Free speech in the UK is not unrestricted. It comes with responsibilities, as Germaine Greer is now discovering - it is not acceptable to voice an opinion if that opinion is spreading or inciting hatred or intolerance of others. I agree that the definition of freedom of speech needs looking at, because the current format is outdated.
Nicola Maurer, Bedford, UK
If our society is to to continue to thrive and develop it is absolutely imperative that individuals are able to debate beliefs and ideas without fear of persecution. The stifling of philosophical thought and debate will lay us prey to narrow and unchallenged ideologies and create generations afraid to question and challenge ridiculous superstitions masquerading under the protective banner of religion.
Sally, London, UK
The gradual erosion of our liberties by political correctness, driven by who shouts loudest, is not the open society that I value so highly.
John Gallacher, Cardiff, UK
Free speech allows me to insult anyone. Can I go up to a complete stranger and insult their or their mother and then expect no retaliation? Can I go up to a police officer and swear at them or them and expect no consequence? Technically I could say that I am expressing my opinion in both cases. No: both cases are disrupting the peace and in both cases I should be duly punished. Free speech does not exist in the real world but respect for others should.
Zain Patel, Stafford, UK
The big flaw in Roger's 'obviously correct' argument is that we are rarely dealing with people who can adopt the requisite dispassionate and objective views. For a start, over half the world is religious. Where will you find interested truth seekers in that population? Even among those only socially religious, there are still far too many people swayed by instinct and emotion rather than logic and reason.
Brian Boru, USA
Free speech must be upheld and protected by law. It is only through free speech that society can progress and achieve harmonious agreement on ethical standards which are the essence for a fair society and acceptable to all. Those who preach that there is 'only one right way' need to be constantly challenged.
Hugh Collins, Cheltenham, UK
Preachers standing on the street yelling that homosexuality is a sin are not making a "legitimate contribution to a much-needed public debate", and saying something so ridiculous really undermines the position being presented. Yelling on street corners is not a public debate, and you're ascribing values not once but twice by first declaring that society absolutely needs to debate whether homosexuality should be accepted or not, and then labelling this action as 'legitimate'. I support the right to free speech, including posting ridiculous articles like this, but I reserve the right to critique them.
Emmy, Crawley, UK
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
GAZA CITY (Ma'an) -- Palestinians may not be responsible for killing a family of five Israelis in Itamar settlement overnight Friday, the Gaza government said Sunday.
Israeli authorities immediately blamed Palestinians for the attack, and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu accused the Palestinian Authority of "daily incitement" against Israel in their response to the killings.
However, Gaza government spokesperson Taher An-Nunu said the Israeli government should not rule out the possibility that the attack was perpetrated by Israeli criminals.
Hamas has denied any involvement in the attack.
A shadowy faction calling itself the "Imad Mughniyya Group" claimed responsibility for the attack but Israeli authorities have dismissed the group's claims in the past. It has claimed responsibility for other operations in the past that may have been the work of others.
So far, no other faction has claimed involvement.
An-Nunu warned Israel against using the killings to justify an escalation in violence against the Gaza Strip.
They said that relocating Israel's domestic crises toward incitement against Palestinians was "unacceptable political blackmail."
Within 24 hours of the attack, Israeli ministers met and decided to approve a huge expansion in Jewish-only settlements in the West Bank.
Settlers have launched a series of attacks on Palestinians across the West Bank, storming villages, harassing residents in their homes, smashing shops and throwing rocks at Palestinian cars.
The international community recognizes that building Jewish-only housing on occupied Palestinian land is illegal according to international law and the Geneva Convention, and has repeatedly called on Israel to halt construction.
Israel's refusal led to the collapse of the last round of negotiations in September.
The Bush administration is planning to tap a Silicon Valley entrepreneur to head a new inter-agency group charged with coordinating the federal government's efforts to protect its computer networks from organized cyberattacks.
Sources in the government contracting community said the White House is expected to announce as early as Thursday the selection of Rod A. Beckstrom as a top-level adviser based in the Department of Homeland Security. Beckstrom is an author and entrepreneur best known for starting Twiki.net, a company that provides collaboration software for businesses.
The new inter-agency group, which will coordinate information sharing about cyberattacks aimed at government networks, is being created as part of a government-wide "cyber initiative" spelled out in a national security directive signed in January by President Bush, according to the sources, who asked to remain anonymous because they did not have permission to talk publicly about the information.
The presidential directive expanded the intelligence community's role in monitoring Internet traffic to protect against a rising number of attacks on federal agencies' computer systems. According to the sources, the center will be charged with gathering cyberattack and vulnerability information from a wide range of federal agencies, including the FBI, the National Security Agency and the Defense Department. Beckstrom will report directly to Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff.
Reached via phone Wednesday evening, Beckstrom declined to provide any specifics about their new position, saying only, "I'm thrilled to be on the DHS team, and I am looking forward to doing my best to serve the country."
The White House and the Department of Homeland Security declined to comment.
Beckstrom's appointment comes at a time when the government has acknowledged that its information systems have been the target of repeated cyberattacks originating in other counties. The attacks have lead to compromises and several large data breaches at federal agencies and contractors.
Sources with knowledge of the selection process said Beckstrom's candidacy was backed chiefly by top brass at the Defense Department and the National Security agency.
But Beckstrom's appointment raises a number of questions. James Lewis, director of technology and public policy for the Center for Strategic and International Studies, noted that DHS only recently appointed Greg Garcia, former head of the Information Technology Association of America, to be assistant secretary for cyber-security and telecommunications, a position fought for and won through tireless lobbying from lawmakers on Capitol Hill who believed DHS wasn't placing a strong enough emphasis on cyber.
Garcia in turn answers to Robert D. Jamison, who serves as Under Secretary for National Protection and Programs Directorate. When asked last week at a press briefing about a simulated cyberattack against the United States who would lead the government's response in the event of a sustained cyberattack on the federal government, Jamison said that duty would fall to him.
"Here you have a group that's allegedly in charge of cyber for DHS, and then we see another group being set up outside that in a structurally new way," said Lewis, whose employer is spearheading a group of industry and government cyber experts called the "Commission on Cybersecurity for the 44th Presidency," which is expected to present the next president with a series of actionable recommendations they or they can take to tackle some of most pressing cybersecurity problems facing the government, industry and consumers. "We still don't know what [Beckstrom's] relationship will be to all of the other bits of cyber bureaucracy lying around."
Roger Cressey, a former Bush administration official and president of Good Harbor Consulting, said the creation of a new coordinating group on cyber-security "reflects a concern that government networks have been compromised at an unprecedented level."
"The very fact that the president signed a cyber-security presidential directive in the last year of their administration reflects that the current approach the government is taking is not working," Cressey said.
By all accounts, Beckstrom is neither a cyber-security expert nor a Washington insider. But their private-sector background and published writings emphasize a decentralized approach to managing large organizations.
In "The Starfish and the Spider: The Unstoppable Power of Leaderless Organizations," a book Beckstrom co-authored with Ori Brafman in 2006, the authors use the two creatures to illustrate their argument that decentralized organizations -- whether in the marketplace or the battlefield -- are more nimble, creative and resilient than those that operate in a rigid, top-down fashion.
Following this analogy, user-driven, starfish-like organizations distribute decision-making among all members. If parts of the organization are crushed, the whole survives and recovers, just as a starfish regenerates an arm if it is severed. In contrast, the book posits, industry and government are more akin to "spider" organizations that function within a centralized structure, with the leader calling the shots. One solid blow to the head cripples or kills a spider.
"Whether we're looking at a Fortune 500 company, an army, or a community, our natural reaction is asked, 'Who's in charge?'," Beckstrom and Brafman wrote. "The absence of structure, leadership, and formal organization, once considered a weakness, has become a major asset. Seemingly chaotic groups have challenged and defeated established institutions. The rules of the game have changed."
"I think it's a unconventional choice, and that's a good thing," Cressey said of the Beckstrom pick.
About
Check out the Kicktraq Stats
Wysiwyg: Among Thieves, Is the second game I have designed with my indie board game company Broken Prism Games.
WYSIWYG: [wiz-ee-wig] In WYSIWYG you play a light fingered thief. Your goal is to loot, pickpocket, and burgle your way to fame and riches. But watch out for the city guard! They'll put a stop to your life of crime at every turn of the die.
Each player is attempting to collect Items, everyone gets one go at stealing from the target. As you collect the items, you will trade them in at a Fence each fence is represented by a color token. When you have 3 items with the same color Token. i.e. the locked Chest, The Ancient Tablet, and the Treasure Map. You trade them into the Green Fence. You get a Green wink to represent being "Solid" with this Fence.
So Much Loot!
Winner is the first thief to become "Solid" with 5 of the 7 available Fences. But keep an eye out. The other thieves maybe aiming to take your ill-gotten goods from you! And with the Fence Rewards come item cards that can assist in their nefarious plans to take your loot, freeze it in place, or use a fire bomb to wipe it from existence. Because, in WYSIWYG there truly is "No Honor Among Thieves"
____________________________________________________________________
All Us Geeks
Jeff King of All Us Geeks Interviews Matthew Robinson about Broken Prism Games, WYSIWYG, Host, The Game Crafter, and more...
To The Table Express takes look at WYSIWYG: Among Thieves
____________________________________________________________________
Components Found in the Prototype
Dice Sticker (120) Tall Booklet (1) Hex Deck (1 deck of 15 cards) Hex Deck (1 deck of 33 cards) Medium Pro Box (1) D6, Indented, Blank, Black (5) Tall People, Black (1) Wink, Blue (5) Wink, Green (5) Wink, Red (5) Wink, White (5) Wink, Yellow (5) Wink, Black (5) Wink, Orange (5)
___________________________________________________________________
- $4500 - Characters
We had the idea early on to add character cards that give slight advantage in certain aspects. examples:
Inigo - The Nightowl - can change any die result (excluding Guards!!!) to a Stealth on their first roll.
Rufus - The Greedy - Takes two rewards when turning in a set to a Fence
Esmerelda - The Crafty - Can swap treasures with another player if their roll matches a card they have.
Hector - The Connected - Can re-roll a guard if Surrounded on first roll.
Stephanie - The Pyro - while using Fire Bombs, Roll a die, they can target two items with the matching result (if guarded, bomb is a dud)
***TBA*** - ***TBA*** - Back It, Design It, we can print and playtest it to get it in the final game.
- $5000 - Engraved Dice
I have been looking over options to get the dice made in bulk and I would really like to get these dice into the game for everybody. If we do get to this level, then the Collectors edition will get an exclusive Color Variant for the dice.
- $10000 - Professional Artwork
Up to this point, All the art done on Wysiwyg: Among Thieves has been done completely with free game icons and my own very poor photoshop skills. If we reach this stretch goal, I will hire an artist to reskin the entire game with professional artwork. I want this game to be the best it can be, but I cannot shoulder the upfront costs to get it done myself. I truly need your help.
- $12000 - Custom Packaging
As it stands, Wysiwyg will be printed and distributed by The Game Crafter. but If we can reach this Stretch goal, I will be able to take the game to QPC, Panda GM, or WinGo and get a box that fits just right, with inserts and a high quality game all around. Depending on the manufacturer, we hope to also bring some more fanciness to the collectors edition, Maybe some foil stamped action, possibly a Collectors Edition Tin box. The options really open up to us at this funding level.
____________________________________________________________________
We're kicking off our annual celebration of The Last of Us community with new merch, promotions, and more.
Since revealing The Last of Us Part II, we've been overwhelmed by the response from the community. In no time at all, you were sharing your covers of “Through the Valley,” photos of your picture-perfect cosplay, your beautiful fan art submissions, and even your real-life tattoos inspired by Ellie's. Your passion humbles and inspires us and every year we celebrate The Last of Us community with Outbreak Day on September 26—the date the infection hit critical mass in The Last of Us.
This year marks our fourth Outbreak Day and we're kicking things off with a brand-new The Last of Us Part II poster, new PS4 system theme, and t-shirt, as well as hosting a week of sales on select The Last of Us content on the PlayStation Store.
As a follow-up to last year's poster, we've once again teamed up with artist Kevin Tong and Mondo to create an all-new The Last of Us-inspired poster. To ensure everyone has a chance to buy one, Mondo is making the Outbreak Day 2017 poster a timed-edition release. Beginning today at 10:00am PT until Friday, September 29 at 10:00am PT, anyone can pick one up via MondoTees.com without fear of it selling out, but after that, it's gone. Don't miss it!
Alongside the poster, we're also launching a Last of Us Part II PS4 system theme based on the world reveal trailer from PlayStation Experience. Set within the overgrown neighborhood street and firefly graffiti stop sign from the introduction sequence, this new dynamic theme features ambient audio from the trailer, unique key tones, and animated effects. Keep your eyes peeled for it on the PlayStation Store.
Speaking of the PlayStation Store, our friends at PlayStation are also hosting deals on The Last of Us content all week long. There's also a brand new The Last of Us Part II t-shirt arriving on the PlayStation Gear Store later today!
We hope you enjoy Outbreak Day and we can't wait to share more of The Last of Us Part II with you. In the meantime, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for all the latest and be sure to keep sharing your cosplay, art, and other original creations with us via the Naughty Dog Tumblr.
When you start learning Elixir, the first you'll learn is the culture of let it crash . Which sounds great! It measn that you don't need to handle exceptions and the system heal itself , it's to easy to fall in to trap of not catching any exception like I did.
After your application is ready to go live, you'll understand that not every thing should crash. Consider this example from Elide project and the changes I've made to handle exceptions.
Elide project is a url shortener service, that I'm using to experiment with Elixir and Phoenix. I'm using hashids to generate the short urls and later when people use short urls I use the same library to decode a short url to meaning full data that I have in the app, all simple simple stuff. However while I was developing, I followed my own understanding of let it crash which was to never handle any unexpected behaviour.
Consider simplified version of getting a short url entity:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 defmodule Elide . ElinkServer alias Elide . { Repo , Elink } def get_elink ( slug ) do slug |> by_slug |> Repo . one end defp by_slug ( my_slug ) do elink_seq = get_details_by_slug ( my_slug ) from e in Elink , where: e . elink_seq == ^ elink_seq end defp get_details_by_slug ( my_slug ) do s = Hashids . new ( min_len: 1 , salt: salt ) { :ok , [ elink_seq ]} = Hashids . decode ( s , my_slug ) elink_seq end end
The code looks simple and I thought if someone wants to open an invalid short url, well I let it crash !
As soon as I had the project on the production server I noticed that:
If any users enters an invalid short url, they'll face an ugly page with error Server internal error
I am getting a lot of false alarms on honeybadger from bots on the internet, they don't care that I don't handle corner cases, they just hit the web server with invalid urls
To be honest I knew I should handle this case and I postponed it.
So what are the options? How can I handle it in elixir in a decent way
Returning nil on case of failure. Nah, I certainly don't like this one. How can I know what was the error in the first place if I only return nil.
Using try/catch , yeah it does the job but doesn't look decent. Generally I don't like the codes that are guarded with exceptions. If I don't have any option, sure but there should be a better way in Elixir and Erlang.
, yeah it does the job but doesn't look decent. Generally I don't like the codes that are guarded with exceptions. If I don't have any option, sure but there should be a better way in Elixir and Erlang. Returning a tuple of {:ok, result} in case of success and {:error, reason} in case of failure. I've seen this one I was using File module. Looks like that is convention that people are following in Erlang and Elixir.
The idea behind using using tuple as opposed to using try/catch is we shouldn't use errors as control flow (read more). If a short url doesn't exist in database because a bot requested a random url should be considered as an invalid data and treated as invalid data. Let's how can we refactor this code to handle invalid data in Elixir way:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 defmodule Elide . ElinkServer alias Elide . { Repo , Elink } def get_elink ( slug ) do slug |> by_slug |> fetch_one end defp fetch_one ({ :error , _ } = error ), do : error defp fetch_one ({ :ok , query }) = { :ok , Repo . one ( query )} defp by_slug ( my_slug ) do case get_details_by_slug ( my_slug ) do { :error , _ } = error -> error { :ok , elink_seq } -> { :ok , from e in Elink , where: e . elink_seq == ^ elink_seq } end defp get_details_by_slug ( my_slug ) do s = Hashids . new ( min_len: 1 , salt: salt ) case Hashids . decode ( s , my_slug ) do { :ok , [ elink_seq ]} -> { :ok , elink_seq } _ -> { :error , :failed_to_decode } end end end
Does it worth it? I believe so with this approach I can simply pattern match the return value and keep the flow going. For example my controller would look like:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 def go ( conn , % { "slug" => slug }) do slug |> ElinkServer . get_elink |> redirect_to_url ( conn ) end defp redirect_to_url ({ :error , _ }, conn ) do conn |> put_status ( 404 ) |> render ( Elide . ErrorView , "404.html" ) |> halt end defp redirect_to_url ({ :ok , elink }, conn ) do conn |> inc_stat ( elink ) |> redirect ( external: elink . url ) |> halt end
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Anna Holligan reports: ''There were only 15 people on the train at the time''
A train driver was killed when their train hit a crane on a level crossing near the Dutch town of Dalfsen.
The passenger train derailed, tilted over and went into a field, leaving several carriages lying on their sides.
The hydraulic crane had been crossing the line east of the city of Zwolle, when the train crashed into it at full speed, the local mayor said.
Five people were hurt, and another suffered serious injuries. Police have detained the driver of the crane.
Mayor Han Noten told Dutch media that 15 people had been on board at the time of the crash, shortly before 09:00 (08:00 GMT).
It was extremely fortunate that the number of casualties was not higher, they said.
"In the evening rush-hour this train is completely packed, whereas at the time [of the crash] it was all but empty," they added.
Image copyright EPA Image caption At least 10 people were on board the train when it crashed into the crane and derailed
"I was sitting at my kitchen table working, I heard a bang and looked up. I saw a train sliding off the rails," said Astrid Kempers, who lives a short distance from the track.
Another witness, Ria van der Ham, described seeing the crane being driven very slowly over the level crossing after it had waited for one train to pass.
"But then a train came from the other side and caught them full on," they said.
Image copyright Twitter Image caption One image posted on Twitter showed the inside of one of the carriages
Emergency services said some managed to clamber out of the carriages but they were searching the wreckage for anyone still trapped.
The train had been heading east from Zwolle, RTV Oost reported. Local services on the line were likely to be disrupted for the rest of the day while an investigation was carried out by the Dutch Safety Board.
Police said they had detained the crane driver, who had managed to jump clear shortly before the accident. They were being investigated in connection with a criminal inquiry, they said.
Little was left of the crane's cabin after the crash.
There were 30 accidents on Dutch level crossings in 2015 which claimed the lives of 13 people, reports said.
After Chelsea defeated Leicester 2-0 at Stamford Bridge we took a look at what this game was able to tell us about both teams. Here are 10 things we picked up!
1. Diego Costa is exactly what Chelsea need
This is probably the most obvious one of all so we'll get it out the way first but you can't deny that Chelsea have been crying out for someone like Costa for ages. Not only did they desperately need a classy striker but Costa fits the bill perfectly. At risk of repeating Alan Shearer on MOTD (who was right by the way), Costa has more to their game than goals and their hold up play will be very useful as it allows others to run in behind and with Fabregas' quality final ball, chances should be abundant. Also, Costa is a natural goalscorer, a poacher, as shown by their first two goals.
2. Leicester aren't as easy to beat as most thought they would be
Leicester have given a very decent account of themselves in their opening games and have surprised many. Although their fixture list seems to have given them a baptism of fire, they look like they could be a good side when they get out the other side of it. Following an excellent comeback against a strong Everton side, they produced an admirable display against Chelsea. Any team thinking they're an easy three points should think again!
3. Courtois looks like an excellent keeper
After an accomplished debut against Burnley, Courtois caught the eye against Leicester with a string of saves including a highly impressive one from Nugent who was one-on-one. Courtois is a big presence in the box, looks relaxed and like a keeper who is going to live up to the hype.
4.Kasper Schmeichel looks to be a brilliant young keeper
Not quite on Courtois' level but definitely showing some of their Father's talent. Schmeichel was outstanding against Chelsea and unlucky to concede two goals, the second of which taking a deflection. He'll have to be on top form for Leicester to survive.
5. Leicester are very dangerous on the counter attack
Something that caught my eye in Leicester's opening games was the speed at which they counter attack. You may remember Jeffrey Schlupp's hilarious effort after being one-on-one with Howard last week where they almost cleared the stadium. However, Leicester conjured another lightning quick counter against Chelsea, with Nugent failing to score, and the pace at which they do so is impressive. Teams will have to keep an eye out for this!
6. Ivanovic is one of the best defenders in the league
Branislav Ivanovic is a massively underrated player in my opinion. You may forget that they initially began as a central defender but they have managed to adapt their game brilliantly to fit the right-back role. This is incredibly impressive for such a big, bullish defender and their ability to attack at the same time is a huge boost for a team, their goals are vital. After a rampaging performance against Leicester, Ivanovic looks on top form once again!
7. Eden Hazard can be Chelsea's secret weapon this season
You may think this sounds slightly ridiculous but until they scored yesterday, I'd almost forgotten Hazard even played for Chelsea. With the frenzy of excitement over Costa, Fabregas and Courtois, it's easy to forget Chelsea already had a world class player in Hazard. With teams focusing on the asupervisorstioned trio, Hazard may be able to sneak under the radar. If they don't then at worst they could combine to deadly effect with Costa and Fabregas!
8. Oscar is incredibly unlucky!
Since they signed for Chelsea, no other Chelsea player has hit the woodwork more times than Oscar with 4 hits! Small margins Oscar, small margins!
9. Leicester must learn quick
This point has already been touched upon by a number of pundits but it certainly rings true. Leicester can't sit there feeling sorry for themselves over their fixture list and near win against Everton, they must learn quickly and take their chances. David Nugent's one-on-one being a prime example. You'll be punished if you pass up those chances.
10. Chelsea needs to kill games off quicker
Whilst they came away with the three points, Chelsea needs to get going earlier on. It took them until the 77th minute to take the game away from Leicester with Hazard's goal. In that time, Leicester had a few chances and had only one of them gone in it could have been an entirely different game. Chelsea should be careful, against better opposition they will be punished for a mediocre performance like that.
So that concludes our list of the 10 things we learned from Chelsea vs Leicester, feel free to add any comments. Any feedback would also be greatly appreciated.
What would you rate this article out of 5? 1 2 3 4 5 pollcode.com free polls
Also, don't forget we're looking for writers to write a few articles for the site. If you are interested then get in touch:
-https://twitter.com/Latest_Footy
-latest_footy@hotmail.co.uk
Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed it!
This morning, the Supreme Court decided against EPA in a case concerning the agency's regulations on mercury pollution. Brad Plumer has a great explainer on the background and details. I just want to highlight one aspect of the ruling that hasn't gotten enough attention in all the coverage, namely: it is likely pointless.
The ruling is probably not going to change the mercury regulations. It's probably not going to have any effect on the power sector. It probably won't establish any significant legal precedents. The most likely outcome of the ruling is ... nothing much.
The ruling amounts to Scalia poking their thumb in EPA's eye, to no particular effect.
The rule establishes no significant legal precedent
The Clean Air Act has a section regarding the regulation of hazardous air pollutants (HAPs, which include mercury). That section instructs EPA to regulate HAPs if they are deemed a threat to public health and pollution controls are available. Costs are not mentioned and EPA has chosen not to take costs into account when deciding whether to regulate HAPs. (Costs are taken into account at a later stage, when the regulations are being written.)
The CAA also has a subsection specifically addressing HAPs from power plants. After establishing regulations for other sources, EPA is instructed to consider whether further regulations of HAPS from power plants are "appropriate and necessary."
EPA chose to use the same basic procedure on power plant HAPS that it had for other sources: when deciding whether to regulate, it considered only public health and the availability of pollution controls. Costs entered the process later, when the agency was writing the regulations.
Scalia's ruling says that this is an unreasonable interpretation of "appropriate and necessary." It says that the CAA treats power plants as a unique category for a reason and that "appropriate" must be interpreted to include cost considerations, not just when writing the regulations but when deciding whether to regulate.
Putting aside the merits of the ruling, it's simply not going to matter much, legally speaking, for three reasons:
The ruling only applies to the specific subsection of the CAA devoted to HAPs from power plants. Once EPA has regulated those pollutants, that subsection will effectively become vestigial; EPA will have no need to use it again. So this ruling is a one-off judgment addressing a one-off regulation. It won't affect how future EPA regulations are developed. The court could have used this case to substantially rein in Chevron deference. (The court found, in the famous Chevron vs. NRDC case, that when statutory language is ambiguous, the court should give executive agencies wide latitude in how to interpret it; the ruling only specifies that the interpretation must be "reasonable.") In their concurrence — which, notably, none of the other eight justices joined — Justice Clarence Thomas ranted and raved about Chevron deference and how it violates the Constitution and corrupts our bodily fluids. But in their ruling, Scalia notably didn't take on Chevron. Instead, they judged the agency's interpretation of the statute unreasonable. That leaves the basic principle of Chevron deference untouched. Even more radically, the court could have taken up an issue that the Chamber of Commerce urged upon it, namely the role of "co-benefits" in EPA's cost-benefit calculations. The vast bulk of the benefits of restricting HAPs from power plants come not from the decline in HAPs themselves, but from the decline in particulate pollution that will accompany those controls. If those co-benefits are included, the benefits of HAPs regulations wildly outweigh the costs. If they are not, the costs exceed the benefits (at least as currently calculated). The Chamber wanted the court to rule the inclusion of co-benefits out-of-bounds, which would have had enormous (and deleterious) effects on future air-quality regulations. But Scalia notably did not address that question. They make clear in passing that they are suspicious of co-benefits (which they call "ancillary benefits"), but they make a point of emphasizing that nothing in the ruling instructs the agency how to take costs into consideration, only that it must. Until explicitly instructed otherwise by a court, EPA can and will continue taking co-benefits into consideration.
The power sector has already complied with mercury regulations
As Brad notes, linking to this excellent SNL analysis, most power plants have already installed the controls necessary to comply with the mercury and air toxics (MATS) regulations. There are only a few exceptions. Here's the money quote from SNL:
... 200 plants, comprising about 20% of U.S. power capacity, were given up to an extra year to comply with the MATS, mostly in order to finish installing mercury controls. Of those, 22 plants, representing less than 1% of U.S. power capacity and 1% of U.S. energy production in 2013, remained in operation without MATS controls to provide grid reliability. It is just these 22 plants, along with perhaps a few others, that the court could save from retirement by striking down the rule. "It is fair to say that MATS has already largely done what it's going to do," said Jeff Holmstead, an industry attorney for Bracewell & Giuliani.
That's the only thing at stake here: how long these 22 plants get to keep spewing HAPs. That's not nothing — especially to the vulnerable populations exposed to those toxic pollutants — but it amounts to a mopping-up operation.
You might note an irony here. The entire Supreme Court case is premised on the fact that MATS regulations are "the most expensive ever." Industry claims it's outrageous that EPA didn't consider these extraordinary costs, which it says could cause blackouts and destroy the power sector and leave the US a smoking ruin.
Oh, but, by the way, while we were debating this, the power sector went ahead and complied with the regulations. Notice any blackouts? Any big bankruptcies in the power sector? Any economic devastation? No. As usual with air pollution rules, when the power sector quits complaining and starts complying, the costs turn out to be much lower than anyone anticipated. This case was a fight over a question that's already been settled by facts on the ground.
The rule is likely to remain in place, unchanged
The ruling does not, contra most media coverage, "strike down" the rule. It remands the issue back to the same panel on the DC Circuit Court that previously upheld the rule by a 2-1 ruling (it was the absurd dissent in that case that led SCOTUS to take up the case in the first place). That panel, as evidenced by its original ruling, is broadly friendly to EPA.
The DC Circuit Court will have to decide how to proceed. It could declare the rule void and force EPA to start over, which would cast the power sector into chaos and almost certainly bump the completion of the rule back past the end of Obama's presidency, opening at least the possibility that a Republican will be elected in 2016 and decide to sabotage the whole process (like Bush tried so hard to do in the late 2000s).
But that seems unlikely, given the narrowness of the ruling and the DC Circuit's general sympathy for EPA. More likely, it will keep the rule in place while EPA completes a cost-benefit analysis, per Scalia's insistence.
If that's the court's decision, then EPA will run a cost-benefit analysis — using co-benefits — and determine that, lo and behold, MATS regulations are appropriate and necessary! That won't take long, as all the evidence is already on the record. Potentially, it could be done in six months to a year, fast enough that it will be resolved while Obama is president. Then the rule will remain in place, unchanged.
Scalia's scream therapy
Long story short: while there is a possibility that this ruling could substantially delay MATS regulations, the mostly likely outcome is ... nothing. The regulations will stay in place, the power sector will finish the work of compliance, and no particular legal precedents will be established.
Given all that, it's difficult to see what motivates Scalia's ruling other than pique. It's a chance to smack EPA around a little. Perhaps it made them feel better about losing the same-sex marriage battle.
But the work of preventing mercury from poisoning pregnant women and unborn children will proceed apace.
A third WestJet flight was targeted by a threat this week, but Saskatoon police have determined there were no explosives on Flight 323 from Toronto to Saskatoon.
​Flight 323 landed safely at the John Diefenbaker airport in the Saskatchewan city on Tuesday night after receiving the bomb threat at about 7 p.m. CT. All 113 passengers and five crew members were able to leave the aircraft safely using the stairs. They were then boarded onto a bus.
Police said the investigation is continuing. There have been no arrests.
Robert Palmer with Calgary-based WestJet said in a statement to CBC News: "We understand and appreciate the interest in the story. We've said all we can say at this point and will leave matters in the hands of police as it is now an active criminal investigation."
Passengers and first responders crowd the runway of the Saskatoon airport after WestJet flight 323 landed due to a bomb threat. (Submitted by Marc MacLeod)
Passengers and crew were interviewed and debriefed by Saskatoon police members, according to police spokesperson Kelsie Fraser.
We received a bomb threat for <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/WS323?src=hash">#WS323</a> (Toronto-Saskatoon) tonight. The aircraft has landed safely in Saskatoon. —@WestJet
There has been a recent rash of threats for WestJet and Air Canada:
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Hundreds of Tax Day protesters took to the streets in New York City yesterday afternoon to demand the “1 percent” and some of the largest corporations in the United States pay their fair share of federal and state taxes. Ad Policy
The event was organized by a broad coalition of progressive groups, including New York Communities for Change, the Working Families Party, UnitedNY and Students For Occupy Wall Street.
“It's time for the big banks and corporations to pay their share of taxes like the rest of us do. The Flatbush community cannot afford any more cuts to the services we rely on in order to line the pockets of the 1 percent. We're not going to take it anymore. Today we're fighting back,” said Leroy Johnson, NYCC chairperson of the Flatbush Chapter.
Protesters gathered by Bryant Park before marching toward the James Farley Post Office on Eighth Avenue, the procession being led by “loopholes and dodgers,” in honor of the major corporations and 1 percenters that pay little to nothing in taxes.
Though the right's favorite talking point is that America has one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world at 35 percent, this doesn't take into account corporations' tax-evading practices. The S&P is home to 115 companies that receive more in credits than they pay out.
Bank of America, the fifth-largest corporation in the country, holds over $2.2 trillion in assets, and yet it pays less in taxes than the average American household. In fact, the federal government gave Bank of America $2.3 billion in 2009 while it made $4.4 billion in profits.
Similarly, Verizon made $12 billion in profits in 2010 but had paid $0 in taxes for two years as of 2011, while spending $34 million on lobbying.
It is this unbalanced system—where extremely wealthy individuals and corporations reap the rewards of rigging the US political system and tax code, while poor people are forced to sacrifice their already meager means—that inspired hundreds of protesters to turn out Tuesday.
“Tax Day is about the citizens rising up against the big money crowd to demand that they stop ripping off the rest of us and start carrying their fair share of the tax burden. Otherwise we will rot as a nation, even if some wealthy people live glamorous lives,” said Dan Cantor, executive director of WFP.
The NYPD clearly anticipated a large turnout because the steps of the post office were barricaded so no protester could touch a foot to the steps of the building. Somehow, despite the serious measures to seal off the steps (protesters were actually held in a kettle just shy of the post office), “loopholes and the dodgers” managed to get in front of the building and pose for a few photos.
Meanwhile, it seems as though the financial elite simply don't understand what this chatter about loopholes and tax-dodging is all about.
Earlier in the day, some Tax Day activists protested outside the birthday celebration of Ann Romney, wife of Republican presidential front-runner Mitt Romney. Outside Trump Tower, where the party was being held, the Guardian spoke with Cathy Cyphers Soref, one of the party's attendees, who just doesn't get this “loopholes” business.
“Where's the loophole?” Soref told the Guardian. “I mean, I want one. There aren't many loopholes, believe me. If I could find it, I would do it.” Soref said they own a philanthropic genetic research business that has generated $20m “modestly”. They claimed to have recently returned from a trip to Mexico, where they say they visited with the family of Carlos Slim, the richest man in the world. Soref believes America's wealthy class has been demonized through misunderstanding. “We are the big bad people. We're the ones who were lucky enough to be the offspring of inventors, who invented things that became a staple that made a lot of money,” Soref said. “My husband's family, the eight heirs, their children and probably their grandchildren and the cousins' grandchildren—because of good investments that they do that allows other people to have money, when you invest or create a business—we're bad because we have unearned income from being inherited money.” “I pay, our family pays, in excess, state federal and local taxes, probably 55%, no fooling,” Soref said. They argued that when George W Bush cut taxes for wealthy Americans, it gave them the freedom to launch a company that provides a service to society.
A report from the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service found that when all federal taxes are taken into account—including those on wages, investment income and corporate profits—some households earning more than $1 million a year paid as little as 24 percent of their income to the IRS in 2006, which is a substantially smaller share than many middle-class families pay.
“People are out here today to show their dissatisfaction with a government, and a tax system that favors the wealthy. The men and women who are gathering at today's events are dealing with issues like foreclosure, cuts to educational, healthcare and social service programs, and other problems that arise when corporations and big banks don't pay their fair share. We aren't asking for much, just that our hard work is valued, and that these corporations who end up paying less than the average taxpayer, while accepting federal tax refunds, are held accountable for their actions,” said Camille Rivera, executive director of United NY.
To the Democratic National Committee (DNC), Debbie Wasserman Schultz, and the party's "superdelegates":
We the undersigned understand that Donald Trump was declared on May 3rd, 2016 as the presumptive Republican nominee.
Many of us progressives have been disenfranchised, live in states with closed primaries, or have been affected by voting irregularities. It may have escaped your attention that our numbers are large and we are firmly pledged to support Bernie Sanders no matter what the outcome of the July 2016 convention might be.
If Sanders is not chosen by the DNC, we will be writing them in on our ballots. There is no forthcoming unity involving Sanders voters changing loyalties. While we've long since made our binding decisions, yours are not yet made.
Bernie Sanders consistently wins by a far larger spread than Hillary Clinton in all general election polling. [http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/latest_pol..., http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/pollster/2016-..., http://www.huffingtonpost.com/h-a-goodman/5-reason..., http://www.cnbc.com/2016/04/29/the-revolution-is-n....] Although our voices weren't always heard as our states held primaries and caucuses, hear us now.
A nomination for Clinton is a near sure-bet for a Trump presidency. We don't want that, and you don't want that, but our hands will not be forced. We speak not for Sen. Sanders or their campaign, but for ourselves.
We will be voting for Bernie Sanders in November 2016, no matter how the convention plans out. It would be foolhardy to disregard our numbers and forge ahead without considering our impact.
Respectfully, The Disenfranchised Democrat and Progressive Caucus in support of Bernie Sanders
What exact costs will Aetna incur now that the Justice Department has challenged the merger? What costs will Aetna incur if the merger is ultimately blocked?
Why did Aetna agree to a deal that included a $1 billion break-up fee? When the company agreed to this condition, did Aetna conduct an internal assessment of the risk of a DOJ challenge? When Aetna agreed to pay this fee, was Aetna aware that it would endanger participation in the ACA exchanges?
What steps did Aetna take, prior to July 2016, to mitigate the risk that the Justice Department would challenge or successfully block its proposed acquisition of Humana?
When did Aetna first determine that its participation in the public exchanges would be contingent upon federal government approval of its proposed acquisition of Humana?
When did Aetna first inform investors that its participation in the public exchanges would be contingent upon federal government approval of its proposed acquisition of Humana? What other risks did the company disclose to investors?
What criteria did Aetna use in determining the states from which to withdraw in 2016?
During Aetna's April 29, 2016, Q1 2016 earnings call, Aetna said that it had a “very good cost structure” in states in which it had experienced growth in its ACA exchange population, including Florida, Georgia, and North Carolina. Why is Aetna withdrawing from states in which it had a “very good cost structure” or where Aetna has performed well in the past?
How many enrollees have contacted Aetna over its decision to withdraw from the ACA exchanges? What materials and resources is Aetna making available to assist consumers in selecting new health insurance coverage?
Magicians call it misdirection: directing the attention of a crowd elsewhere so as to distract from the trick happening right in front of it. A bump on the shoulder, a blur of handwaving and – wham! – your wallet's taken leave of your hip pocket.
Since the crash, British politics has been one epic act of misdirection. Lay off those bankers who shoved the country into penury! Just focus on stripping disabled people of their benefits. Never mind the millionaire bosses squeezing your pay! Spit instead at the minimum-wage migrant cleaners apparently making us poorer. So ingrained is the ritual that when a minister strides into view urging the need for “a grown-up debate”, we brace ourselves for another round of Blame the Victim. The only question is who gets sacrificed next: some ethnic minority, this family on low pay, that middle-aged dad who can't get a job.
Here is how political misdirection works in real time. Yesterday, Unite's Len McCluskey came under a barrage of criticism for suggesting that Labour live up to its name and support “ordinary working people”. Evil paymaster! Meanwhile, on the front page of this paper, digger firm JCB called on David Cameron to prepare to take Britain out of the EU – and this was just a company having its say.
JCB boss says EU exit could lift burden of bureaucracy on UK businesses Read more
I hold no brief for McCluskey – but they are the democratically elected head of a trade union simply seeking to influence the party part-funded by their members. Perhaps this comes as news to some on Fleet Street, but the debate over Labour's future is not the chew-toy solely of newspaper columnists. Moreover, Unite's donations to Them Majesty's Opposition are a matter of easily checkable record. Not so the money poured into Tory coffers by JCB, either as a business or from its owners, the Bamford family. To learn that, we must rely upon forensic researchers such as Stuart Wilks-Heeg at Liverpool University. They calculated this morning that, between 2001-14, the Bamfords and JCB had together given the Conservatives at least £6.7m. One arm of JCB also donated £600,000 last year to Tory campaigns in key marginals, including the all-important battleground of Nuneaton.
So a company that funded David Cameron all the way into Downing Street, and whose chairperson was recently made a lord, seeks to influence the government on one of the most fundamental issues in British politics, something that affects all of us – and this is business as usual. Yet a workers' elected representative adding their voice to the din of an internal party argument somehow represents the biggest political landgrab since a bloke with a goatee popped in to the Winter Palace.
Expect more of this misdirection over the next few weeks. Labour has scheduled the entire summer for its leadership campaign, which could equal months of an entire party sounding like an indecisive satnav: Veer right! Keep left! Meanwhile, in just over a month, George Osborne will lay out an emergency budget to deal with the enormous £90bn deficit that they inherited from himself. Using the traditional lexicon of political hocus-pocus – “hard choices” – they will begin making some of the extra £12bn of welfare cuts the Tories pledged at the last election.
Every feat of misdirection is always intended to distract the audience from a sleight of hand. The same goes in politics – only here it's aimed at taking our minds off the fact that all this jiggery-pokery is actually making us worse off. Let me show you what I mean, using figures calculated for the Guardian by academics at the Centre for Research on Socio-Cultural Change (Cresc), using official data. When Thatcher moved into No 10, 28% of all working age households took more from the state in cash benefits, in health and education and all the rest of it than they paid back in taxes. In other words, more than one in four employers in Britain were failing to pay their staff's way.
The next round of cuts will hit the working poor all over again, like a hammer to the face
More than three decades later, through Major and Blair and Brown and Cameron, that proportion has kept on rising. Now 38% of working-age households rely on taxpayers to pay their way. Think about all those tax credits for low-paid work, those exemptions for people earning too little even to be taxed. We have more people in work than ever before – and more households than ever before relying on the state to keep them afloat.
There's nothing wrong with these people. These are the hard-working families politicians like talking about – the strivers, the squeezed middle, the alarm-clock Britain. But there's a lot wrong with their employers – because they now rely on taxpayers to top up poverty pay, even while insisting on cuts in corporation tax and grants for investment. Come 8 July, it won't be those businesses that the chancellor tells to change their ways – it'll be the people they employ who will see more money taken out of their weekly budget by the cuts. Because the one thing we know about the next round of cuts is that they will hit the working poor all over again, like a hammer to the face.
This is what politics looks like in Britain nowadays, once the newspapers have their japes and the politicians leave the TV studios: it is about justifying an extractive business class that wants to lean on taxpayers to pay their way, even while lecturing the rest of us about welfare dependency. And it doesn't change all that much whether the Tories or Labour are in Downing Street. The Cresc team looked at who reaped the rewards from growth over the past three decades. Under Thatcher and Major, the top 10% of all working-age households took 29p in every £1 of income growth. Under Blair and Brown, their share actually went up, to 30p in each £1. Cresc found that New Labour bumped up the share of the poorest economically active households from 0.5% to 1.5%. Taxes and benefits evened that up a bit – the same taxes and benefits that are now deemed unaffordable. So much for trickle down.
This is what all the misdirection has been about: taking our minds off the fact that Britain is a soft touch for businesses that want taxpayers to pay their way, and politicians who count on the middle classes to feel richer, not through their wage packets, but by their house prices, their no-frills flights, their luxury buys from Lidl. What a trick has been pulled on Britain by its political and business elite: never have so many people had their pockets picked at the same time.
About $530 billion in commercial mortgages are due for refinancing over the next three years, with $160 billion due for payment next year, according to Foresight Analytics, the Journal reported.
And with credit hard to come by and cash in commercial property drying up, companies want government assistance.
Unlike home mortgages, commercial mortgages typically run for 10 years at most and have big cash payments due at maturation, the paper said.
"Right now, we believe there is insufficient systemic capacity to refinance expiring, performing commercial real-estate loans," a dozen real-estate trade groups wrote in a letter to Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson, according to the Journal. "For many borrowers, (credit) simply is not available."
The industry is asking to be included in the government's new $200 billion loan program intended to salvage the market for car loans, student loans and credit-card debt, the paper said.
The Carolina Rig is a classic set-up for catching bass. It's an awesome technique to find fish in all types of different situations. I've had success with it when sometimes nothing else seems to work. Here is the how, what, where, and when of using a Carolina Rig to get you “Kraken” Bass!
Carolina Rig
How to Set Up a Carolina Rig:
Here is what you need to get set up fishing a Carolina Rig, and a simple diagram of how to tie it all together.
Offset Worm Hook : The size of the bait you are using is the deciding factor for what size of hook to tie on. For finesse worms I'll use 1/0 hook. Craw imitations I'll use a 3/0 hook, and with flukes and big worms I'll use a 4/0 0r 5/0 hook. Bullet Head Weight : My favorite weight is either a 3/8 oz tungsten or 1/2 oz tungsten weight. It will give you a good feel of the bottom. I like to use the green pumpkin colored weights. Barrel Swivel : I just use a simple black barrel swivel nothing fancy. I don't typically like gold or silver, because I don't want to much attention on the weight set up. Glass Bead : In my opinion this is optional, but if you are fishing stained water a glass bead can help make a little extra racket to draw a bass's attention. Beads can also help protect your knots.
First, you slide the weight onto your main line, then you add your glass bead behind your weight. Secondly, you tie on your barrel swivel to the main line below your weight and bead. Next, attach on about a 6 – 12 inch leader of line onto the barrel swivel. I prefer to use a monofilimant line for a leader. Monofilimant floats so it can keep your bait above the bottom. Now, tie on your hook of choice to the end of the leader. Last of all, texas rig your favorite soft plastic bait for “Kraken” Bass! I generally stick with craws, worms, and flukes as my “go to” soft plastics for the Carolina Rig. Here is a simple diagram I created to help illustrate how to get a Carolina Rig rocking.
When to use a Carolina Rig:
Here are my rules of thumb to decide if the Carolina Rig is a good option. The Carolina Rig is a great choice if you think the bass are holding on the bottom or slightly above the bottom. Another good time for its use is if the wind is blowing, and you need to get a bait down to the fish. Sometimes nothing else gets down to the bottom better than a Carolina Rig in adverse weather conditions. Sometimes, I'll throw it on if the bite is tough. It's also great for fishing through deep grass and brush when bass aren't super active. The Carolina Rig will go through all types of thick cover. My favorite time to fish it is in early and late spring, when the bass seem to be sitting closer to the bottom. Here is a picture of a bass my son and I caught in the early spring on a highly pressured pond with the Carolina Rig.
How to fish a Carolina Rig:
Throw the Carolina rig out past the cover you think the fish are on, and let it sink down to the bottom. Once you can tell the weight is on the bottom, just pull the rig dragging it over the bottom. Occasionally, I'll give the rod tip a quick pop. This will make the bait jump. Doing this can sometimes help trigger a strike.
Setting the hook with this rig can be a little tricky. When you think you've got a bite, reel up all the slack until your line is tight. Then do a side sweep of your rod tip. This will help get that hook out of the plastic, and into the roof of the bass's mouth. I primarily throw the Carolina rig on a bait-casting rod and reel set up with braided line and a fluorocarbon leader. This will give you great sensitivity to detect those subtle bites, and power on your hook set. Here is another pick of a bass I picked up on the Carolina Rig, when nothing else seemed to be working.
Best Baits for a Carolina Rig:
Here is a list of my favorite baits to throw on the Carolina Rig. There are a lot of great baits out there, and don't be scared to try a few different things. The Carolina Rig can give a bait a very unique action.
Craw Imitations:
Berkley Havoc Pit Boss
Gary Yamamoto Fat Baby Craw
Flukes:
Zoom Bait Salty Super Fluke
Yamamoto D Shad Bait
Worms:
Roboworm Straight Tail Worm Bait
Zoom Magnum Trick Worm
Hope this helps to get you “Kraken” Bass! The Carolina Rig is a great way to catch a few of them. I enjoy throwing it, because it helps you present baits in a very unique way. Feel free to leave your comments about your experiences with fishing a Carolina Rig.
As Always,
Stay Stoked!
Gear to Use:
Baitcasting Set up:
Spiderwire Stealth Braid 300-Yard Spool Moss Gree 30lbs.
Sufix Invisiline Casting Flourocarbon 200-Yards Spool Size Fishing Line 12-Pound
Shimano Sellus Medium Heavy Worm and Jig Cast Rod 7'2″
Quantum Fishing Smoke 9 Bearing Baitcast Reel 7:3:1 ratio
Carolina Rig Package
(If your Lazy, this is a great way to get everything you need without buying all the individual items)
VMC Carolina Rig Kit (Assorted)
Share this: Share
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
Email
Print
TThe lessons learnt to include how to feed, use tools and understand their place in their social structure. Elephants capacity for memory and emotions is remarkable and is due to the well-developed hippocampus. This is also the area responsible for emotional flashbacks and is the reason that elephants experience Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder.
The insight and intelligence of the elephant is particularly note-worthy in their ability to mourn their dead. This behaviour has only previously been noted in humans. In fact, recently deceased elephants will receive a burial ceremony, while those who are already reduced to a skeleton are still paid respect by passing herds. The burial ceremony is marked by deep rumblings while the dead body is touched and caressed by the herd members trunks.
Intelligence is also manifested in the elephant's ability to self-medicate. When a pregnant mother is due to give birth, they will chew on the leaves of the tree from the Boraginaceae family to induce labour.
Another ability that indicates superior intellect is elephants ability to play and display a sense of humour. Games include throwing a stick at a certain object, passing an object from one animal to another, or squirting water out of the trunk in a fountain. Elephants in zoos have even been seen stealing onlookers caps and hiding them in playful teasing.
The ability to mimic sounds is another indication of the impressive intelligence of these beasts. Elephants have been recorded mimicking passing trucks and even the sounds made by their trainers. Often, the elephant manages to articulate certain sounds so that they bear a strong resemblance to the spoken word.
Elephants are able to use tools or implements to accomplish a task they cannot perform on their own. They have been observed digging holes for drinking water, then moulding bark from a tree into the shape of a ball and placing it on top of the hole and covering it over with sand to avoid evaporation. They also use sticks to scratch their backs when their trunk can not reach and have been known to drop rocks on electric fences to damage them.
The elephant's problem-solving abilities are another impressive facet of their boundless intelligence. Incredibly, the elephant is able to change its behaviour based on a given situation. Bandula, an Asian elephant in captivity, had learnt how to release the complex hook on their shackles and would then assist their fellow "inmates" to escape from theirs.
Self awareness is yet another indication of the vast capacity for thinking and intellect that exists in the elephant. They can, in fact, recognise themselves in a mirror, something that is extremely rare in the animal kingdom.
These capabilities are merely touching the tip of the iceberg of what is the elephant's capacity for insight, thought and discernment. And it is this capacity that continues to captivate researchers and onlookers alike in their eternal quest to understand the mystery of the elephant psyche.
Here is the Wikipedia page on elephant intelligence: Click Here
More on Elephant Intelligence HERE
Hackers On Planet Earth (HOPE), one of the most creative and diverse hacker events in the world. HOPE Number Nine will be taking place on July 13, 14, and 15, 2012 at the Hotel Pennsylvania in New York City. Several EFF staffers from the legal, tech, and activism teams will be giving presentations. Stop by the EFF booth at HOPE for an invite to our Speakeasy meetup at a secret location on Friday night. Here is a round-up of talks you should make sure not to miss.
Destroying Evidence Before It's Evidence
Hanni Fakhoury, Staff Attorney
Friday 5:00pm Sassaman Room
Covering your tracks out of fear of getting caught with your hands in the digital cookie jar can sometimes get you in more trouble than whatever crime the feds think you may have committed in the first place. This presentation identifies three specific scenarios where the act of trying to cover your digital footprints - oftentimes in innocuous and legal ways - can get you into trouble: the nebulous crime of “anticipatory obstruction of justice,” which can cover something as mundane as deleting an email before you're even suspected of committing (let alone charged with) a crime; the ever-expanding Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, which has been stretched to cover things that are neither fraudulent nor abusive; and the potential problems with encryption. The presentation will conclude with some ways you can protect yourself that can help minimize claims that you obstructed justice.
Nymwars: Fighting for Anonymity and Pseudonymity on the Internet
Eva Galperin, International Freedom of Expression Coordinator
Friday 7:00pm Sassaman Room
The last year has seen an Internet-wide debate over real names, pseudonyms, and anonymity online, especially on social networks and in the comment sections of blogs and newspapers. Facebook has required users to use their real names from the very beginning and newspapers have increasingly embraced the same requirement for commenting on their websites. Proponents of real name policies cite increased civility and quality of content. But pseudonymity and anonymity have a long history in public discourse, and they are essential for privacy and speaking truth to power. This talk will examine the debate over anonymity and pseudonymity online, with a focus on Facebook and the Arab Spring, and Google Plus and Nymwars.
Protecting Your Data from the Cops
Marcia Hofmann, Senior Staff Attorney
Saturday 11:00am Dennis Room
What should you do if the police show up at your door to seize your computer? If they ask for passwords or passphrases, do you have to turn them over? Can they search your phone if they arrest you during a protest? What about when you're crossing the border? Your computer, phone, and other digital devices hold vast amounts of sensitive data that's worth protecting from prying eyes - including the government's. The Constitution protects you from unreasonable government searches and seizures, but how does this work in the real world? This talk with help you understand your rights when officers try to search the data stored on your digital devices, or keep it for further examination somewhere else. The constitutional protections that you have in these situations, and what their limits are will be discussed, along with technical measures you can take to protect the data on your devices.
Privacy Tricks for Activist Web Developers
Micah Lee, Web Developer
Saturday 3:00pm Nutt Room
Do you care about the privacy of your website's visitors, but also depend on social media to get your message out? Do you want to protect your visitors' anonymity in case you or a third party service you use gets subpoenaed? Do you want to be able to get meaningful and pretty analytics without third parties tracking your visitors? Can some kid in a coffee shop really hijack your users' accounts that easily?
Chances are Google, Facebook, and Twitter know as much about your website's visitors as you do, IP addresses and user agents are sprinkled about your server's filesystem, Google Analytics is watching everyone's every move, and some kid in a coffee shop is already pwning your users. But it doesn't have to be this way! This technical talk will cover tricks that web developers and sysadmins can use to minimize the privacy problems that plague the modern web.
Pwn the Drones: A Survey of UAV Hacks and Exploits
Trevor Timm and Parker Higgins, Activists
Saturday 4:00pm Dennis Room
Drones are no longer a scary possible future of surveillance and remote force - they're here. Internationally, drones are being deployed for military action and observation. At home, police departments, border patrols, and others are acquiring UAVs and developing programs to fly them; there's even talk about adding “less lethal” arms to these domestic drones. Think Tasers and rubber bullets shot from the sky. But a series of alarming events over the past few years have demonstrated that many of these unmanned vehicles are dangerously vulnerable to exploits, leading to intercepted data, flight failures, and even remote takeovers. In this talk, Parker and Trevor will explain the privacy and security implications of some of the most sensational drone exploits and the weaknesses that enabled them. They'll also go over the work of communities and individuals that have been hacking drones from scratch, and what their efforts mean for our future understanding and regulation of drones.
Cell Site Location Data and Nontrespassory Surveillance after U.S. v. Jones
Hanni Fakhoury, Staff Attorney
Sunday 3:00pm Dennis Room
With the rise of smartphones, the government's use of cell site location data to pinpoint our exact location has grown more widespread (and precise) over time. For years, courts permitted the government to get this location data without a search warrant. And judges that fought against the government's attempts at getting this data were met with an unfortunate reality of Fourth Amendment jurisprudence: we don't have any privacy in data we turn over to third parties, like cell phone providers. The U.S. Supreme Court's recent decision in U.S. v. Jones however, presented a “sea change” in the law of warrantless surveillance, calling into question the future viability of the third party doctrine. This talk will review the law of location data, go in depth into how Jones calls this law into question, and conclude with the steps we need to take in the future in order to safeguard our privacy.
On Jan. 28, a big avalanche fell on two climbers who were nearing the end of the ice climb Polar Circus WI5 700m north of Banff. Those climbers were Quentin Lindfield Roberts and Nick Black. We touched base with Quentin to talk about their experience which was captured in the below photo by Alex Ratson.
How long have you and your partner been ice climbing? I'm 24, I've been climbing since I was young with my dad and water ice climbing consistently for around five years now. I've climbed lots in the Rockies, Squamish, and throughout the States. In Patagonia, I climbed a new ridge route on Aguja T48 called M23 (alone, second ascent of the mountain) and got the third ascent of the Canadian Route on Fitz Roy last winter with Chris Willie.
Nick is less experienced on ice. He's been ice climbing for more years, but less frequently. They have been mountain climbing for much longer (15-20ish years). He's in their early 30s and from New Zealand. We had a trip planned for Alaska and were trying to get mileage in for them (and myself) beforehand.
Had you ever climbed Polar Circus before? I've never climbed Polar Circus before, although I have bailed from doing the route twice, once due to avalanche concerns and once because it was horrendously cold.
Where are you two based? We are based in Kelowna in the Okanagan. I had been climbing on the Icefields Parkway five days previously, but did not have an immediate grasp of the current conditions or the sudden change in weather conditions that might be imminent. That is part of the problem with driving seven hours to the Parkway to climb ice.
Was there a trail up to the base and any avi debris? Yes there was a trail up to the base. There was no fresh avi debris but there was old debris under what I think was last week's snow.
Did you know about the route's reputation? Absolutely we knew about the route's reputation.
Did you guys check/discuss avi conditions? We did check the forecast but there were still a number of mistakes made on our part there. The forecast for Jasper worsened in its prediction for Sunday and that should have been one of the alarm bells. We were reconciled by the fact that Banff was still 2-2-1, that there had been next to no recorded natural avalanche activity for the past four days, and assumed that the change in Jasper was for lower elevation south facing alpine aspects that would see a huge amount of warming (as it stated in the forecast). We figured that high on the parkway and close to the Banff forecasting zone, we would be out of the temperature changes seen in Jasper on Saturday.
After discussing with the park ranger who met us at the base after the climb, we concluded that the natural avalanches seen on Saturday were a result of much higher than predicted wind speeds, combined with the warming trend seen throughout the mountains. In the gully on route we did not feel any wind, it was cold and completely still, although I am now confident that it was raging on the slopes above. It was -7C when we started and around -2C when the avalanche ripped. It was only on those last pitches when I was leading out that I heard the wind for the first time, and it was absolutely howling. About two minutes before the avalanche ripped, the sun popped out onto the slope above (I think it was around 2.30 p.m.) and I was 60 metres from the top. That in combination with the wind was the likely cause.
Did you hear, feel or see the avalanche first? I heard it and felt the rumble, it was fucking loud. It took maybe 15 seconds or so before the snow showed up.
What did you do while on lead? In that time between the sound and the snow falling, I buried my tools and established myself in an X, I didn't have time for anything else.
What did your partner Nick do? Were they sheltered? I had led the last pitch as well and built a screw belay behind the curtain at the base of the pitch. The chains on the cliff to the right would have been in the full force of the avalanche. It was madly lucky we belayed there, I just wanted Nick to be further away from falling ice. Even though they were behind the curtain, they still got plastered with snow. Our anchor was completely buried.
Apparently they were hunched over holding the rope in tense anticipation the whole time, dreading that it would go tight. The rope was jolting from the avalanche and it freaked them every time. I can't imagine what would have been going through their head. The snow fell for a long time, had we been anywhere else on the route we would have been in it proper. We were really lucky that we were on the steepest pitches.
Were you run out or did you have a screw close? My feet were around three or four metres above my last screw. I usually feel confident on that kind of terrain and wasn't placing a huge amount of protection.
Did you just hold on for the ride? Yeah I held on. I was freaked out, but I was also super calm and rational. I remember consciously avoiding over gripping, so that I could brace for the bigger impacts of the larger debris chunks. The snow first filled my hood and pulled my collar back, then it filled my jacket and went into my pants, it got progressively heavier and harder and was pulling me back off the ice. I remember feeling mad at my jacket, because it felt like it was trying to pull me off.
Although I did get pummeled, the snow was surprisingly soft, just heavy. I held on and held on and held on, terrified that a chunk too heavy for me to brace for would hit. It never did, and eventually the snow stopped. Nick yelled up asking if I was alright and I howled back that I was.
How fast was your heart pumping? Once it abated, I've never been so pumped, adrenaline was everywhere and I was super shaky. Before that I didn't even notice.
After the first avi what did you do? I re-established myself so I could get a screw in, clipped into my tool and screw. Put in a quick V-thread and bailed.
Were either one of you injured? Somehow no, a little battered and definitely shaken up, but no injury whatsoever.
What was the second avi like? I was at the next screw down from the V-thread when the second avalanche ripped. It was way smaller, but had more chunks. I was in direct to my V-thread and my screw at that point, and was way less shaky when it passed. I was just in ‘get out of here' mode at that point. I contemplated leaving the screws, but there weren't many to take out and I wanted to be able to bail off of screw anchors later on if necessary.
How fast did you get out of there? That might have been one of the faster descents ever for me. Mad dashes between sheltered spots.
Did you guys have SPOT device? No, I'm buying an Inreach tomorrow.
How long did it take to descend? I don't know, around an hour probably, it was 3:30 when we got to the car.
Did Parks show up? Yeah they did, the guy was awesome. We discussed the situation and the triggers. They asked us some questions we spoke about our crazy luck and the learning experience.
What did you guys do after you got to your car? Alex Ratson had left us a couple of beers, they were heavenly. We drove back to Beauty Creek and debriefed.
Will you be heading back out anytime? We climbed Curtain Call WI6 the next day. Some people might consider that stupid, but It was good for both of us to get back out there and Curtain Call was amazing.
What would you have done different? When we turned the pencil, I was chopping around in the snow trying to get an idea of how unstable it was. It seemed completely bomber, and I think it was. There was a fair amount of spindrift though that should have told us that it was windy up there. I'm still musing over all of the warning signs that I should have picked up on.
When news broke of Bernard Madoff's alleged $50 billion worldwide Ponzi scheme, news accounts first protrayed them as a shadowy hedge fund manager outside the scope of regulation by the Securities and Exchange Commission. But as the sheer magnitude of the fraud became clearer, so did the picture of Madoff's place in the Wall Street-Washington world. Madoff's businesses were actually subject to a variety of financial regulations, something Madoff would actually use as a selling point to investors. Last year in a speech , Madoff said, "In today's regulatory environment, it's virtually impossible to violate rules." They registered as an investment adviser in 2006, and had been under the SEC's extensive regulatory framework for securities broker-dealers since they founded their firm almost 50 years ago. And far from being a shadowy figure, Madoff was a pillar of the financial establishment. They showered campaign contributions on politicians, mostly Democrats . They were also quite chummy with many of the financial regulators charged with overseeing him. For instance, Clinton administration SEC Chairman Arthur Levitt, who has championed onerous mandates like the burdensome Sarbanes-Oxley accounting mandates to preserve "market intergrity," appointed Madoff during their SEC tenure to what the New York Times describes as "a large advisory commission ... that explored the rapidly changing structure of the financial markets." An even closer connection was SEC assistant inspections director Eric Swanson who, according to CNBC reporter Charles Gasparino, "was part of the team that examined Madoff's brokerage firm" in 1999 and again in 2004. "During those exams, the SEC team said it found almost nothing wrong," Gasparino writes in The Daily Beast. In 2007, after leaving the SEC, Swanson married Madoff's niece Shana, who is the regulatory compliance attorney at their uncle's firm While there is no evidence of wrongdoing with regard to Madoff by either Levitt or Swanson, SEC officials, for whatever reason, looked the other way, despite numerous allegations and "red flags," some received as early as 1992 . And since 1999, rival investment manager Harry Markopolos had sent the agency detailed analysis of why they though Madoff consistent postive returns were mathematically impossible without running a Ponzi scheme or insider trading. In a 2005 submission they made to the SEC that was recently made public by the Wall Street Journal, Markopolos charged that it was "highly likely" that "Madoff Securities is the world's largest Ponzi scheme." But despite the SEC's incompetence in heeding these warnings, many are still arguing that to prevent future Madoff-type frauds, we need more regulations that give more power to the SEC. But it's hard to see how any additional powers could have made a difference in this case, given that the SEC almost seemed determined to look the other way for violations of the most basic rules against securities fraud that had long been in place. Since hedge funds were among Madoff's clients (and biggest victims, as this WSJ editorial points out), calls are again being intensified for further hedge fund regulation to bring them under the cumbersome registration process for investment advisers. (The SEC already has full authority to investigate hedge funds and other unregistered investment entitities if there are suspicions of fraud.) This is what the agency tried to do a few years ago, only to have a three-judge federal appeals court panel throw out the rule in 2006 in a unanimous finding that the agency had stretched the law. But the SEC can't argue that this would have helped them prevent Madoff's fraud, because, as noted above, Madoff had registered as an investment adviser in 2006, and was registered as a broker-dealer for decades. This broker-dealer registration gave the SEC full power to investigate all affiliated businesses. As MarketWatch commentator David Weidner pointed out (in a column with a curious headline about "lack of regulation" that is the exact opposite of the author's point -- often columnists, unlike bloggers, don't wite their own headlines), "Broker-dealers are supposed to be the most scrutinized of the investment community. If Madoff was running separate businesses, the SEC and FINRA should have been looking at all of them as a whole." In fact, the fact that Madoff was under such heavy regulation probably helped them in constructing the alleged facade. As business reporters Binyamin Appelbaum and David S. Hilzenrath wrote in their perceptive Washington Post article , "the fraud Madoff allegedly constructed was successful in part because it avoided the appearance of risk." The article quoted an expert as saying that SEC regulators "had to make judgments, and they decided to look at derivatives, short sales, insider trading, all the things that Madoff never had." So The SEC was too busy hounding unregistered hedge funds, short-sellers, and entrepreneurial companies for trivial minutiae from Sarbanes-Oxley and other mandates to notice the fraud right in front of them. The regulators didn't just "drop the ball," as President-Elect Barack Obama recently asserted . They lost focus on where the most important "ball" was. Getting that "ball" back by paying attention to warning signs about where the real fraud is, and rolling back the mounds of red tape on honest investors and entrepreneurs that also wastes the time the agency has to go after the real problems, must be the number one priority of newly designated SEC chairperson Mary Schapiro
Four weeks ago, we put together a 30-stadium bracket to determine the best Major League Baseball stadium. Then you got us down to 16. Then, eight. Last week, four.
Now, there are only two.
The semifinals featured PNC Park in Pittsburgh knocking off No. 1 seed Fenway Park by a 55-45 percent margin. (Again, the seeding was done based on the objective measure of a ballpark's age.)
The Pirates' home stadium advances to play … Kansas City's Kauffman Stadium, which defeated Baltimore's Camden Yards in a blowout -- 59 percent to 41 percent. Those Royals fans do love to get out and vote.
But now we're down to the end.
I'll visit the winning stadium later this year and write up a thorough, This Is What This Place Means review. Your future is in your hands, so don't blow it. Vote with your heart, your head and your soul.
Voting will close on Thursday at noon.
Make your voice heard, and we'll be back with your winner next week.
No. 6 Kauffman Stadium vs. No. 21 PNC Park
Which is the better stadium: Kauffman Stadium, or PNC Park?
* * *
Email me at leitch@sportsonearth.com; follow me @williamfleitch; or just shout out your window real loud, I'll hear you. Point is, let's talk.
G2 Esports and Vodafone are partnering to sponsor a Spanish League of Legends team called G2.Vodafone, the organizations announced Monday.
The team will play in the League of Legends Liga de Videojuegos Professional Division of Honor. The LVP offers the number one team each season a spot in the EU Challenger Series qualifiers.
"G2.Vodafone is an opportunity to stay connected to a world that I am passionate about," G2 CEO Carlos "ocelote" Rodriguez Santiago said in a press release. "You can expect a team that is very excited and eager to make history. The nature of competition is in connecting and communicating with other people. As such, I am excited to begin this adventure with Vodafone."
The individual players on the team previously played for various LVP teams, including OverGaming, CooLife Gaming and Baskonia Atlantis. They were originally signed to G2 in January, but were rebranded now, ahead of LVP Season 10.
G2.Vodafone's roster is as follows:
Rosendo " Sendo " Fuentes
" Fuentes Kevin " Inkos " Alpire
" Alpire Ismael " Miniduke " Martinez
" Martinez Guilermo " Sou " Velasco
" Velasco Jesus "Falco" Perez
Electric car industry wants subsidies to grow Australian market (current national sales = 4 cars a week)
Apparently, what electric cars need is not better performance but better subsidies:
Australia's electric car market was unlikely to take off beyond its current tiny niche unless the federal government introduced subsidies to encourage consumers, says Nissan's global chairperson Carlos Ghosn.
It's a micro-mini-market for electric cars in Australia:
Despite record sales of new cars, just 219 of the 1.2 million new vehicles sold in Australia in 2016 were electric, even that was a 90 per cent drop from the previous year. Battery powered cars represented only 0.0018 per cent of the total market.
People buy cars to get places. Governments “buy” cars to change the weather.
One of the justifications for subsidies was that sales of electric cars were not driven by consumer demand, but by governments' desire to reduce emissions.
How rich is the State of California?
In California, sales of Nissan's Leaf Electric vehicle, which retails at US$30,680, attracts a US$2,500 clean vehicle rebate, a $7,500 federal tax credit and gets some preferential treatment on high occupancy vehicle lanes.
You know a car is bad when it is allowed to go in “bus” lanes.
h/t Dave B
VN:F [1.9.22_1171]
please wait... Rating: 9.8/10 (131 votes cast)
The world's soils could store an extra 8 billion tonnes of greenhouse gases, helping to limit the impacts of climate change, a study suggests.
Adopting the latest technologies and sustainable land use practices on a global scale could allow more emissions to be stored in farmland and natural wild spaces, the study shows.
Growing crops with deeper root systems, using charcoal-based composts and applying sustainable agriculture practices could each year help soils retain the equivalent of around a fifth of annual emissions released by the burning of fossils fuels, the team says.
Storage potential
The role that soils could play in efforts to combat climate change has until now been largely overlooked, owing to a lack of effective monitoring tools, say a team of scientists including researchers at Edinburgh.
Recent advances in technology have enabled researchers to work out their full potential.
Reducing emissions
Coordinated efforts involving scientists, policymakers and land users are key to achieving any meaningful increase in soil storage, researchers say.
Resources should be provided to help reduce the environmental impact of farms, they add.
Community-based initiatives would help to overcome cultural barriers, funding issues and monitoring challenges to achieve a global increase in soil uptake, the team says.
Schemes such as the Cool Farm Tool, a free online greenhouse gas calculator for crop growers, help farmers measure, manage and reduce emissions from their land.
Improved management
Previous research shows that soils currently lock away around 2.4 trillion tonnes of greenhouse gases, which are stored underground as stable organic matter.
The study, published in the journal Nature, received funding from the Natural Environment Research Council. The research was carried out in collaboration with Colorado State University, Cornell University, Michigan State University and the University of Aberdeen.
Edinburgh's climate research is world-leading. Its researchers have secured more than £50 million over the last seven years to fund work on climate science, emissions mitigation and sustainable solutions.
In the fight to avoid dangerous climate change in the 21st century we need heavyweight allies. One of the most powerful is right beneath our feet. Soils are already huge stores of carbon, and improved management can make them even bigger. Professor Dave Reay School of GeoSciences
Related links
SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA - JULY 17: Rupert Murdoch, Executive Chairman News Corporation looks on during a panel discussion at the B20 meeting of company CEO's on July 17, 2014 in Sydney, Australia. Over 350 business leaders have gathered in Sydney for the 2014 B20 Summit to discuss and determine policy recommendations ahead of the G20 Leaders Meeting in Brisbane later this year. (Photo by Jason Reed - Pool/Getty Images)
That Rupert Murdoch governs over a criminal media empire has been made clear enough in the UK courts in recent years. That the Wall Street Journal op-ed pages, the latest victim of Murdoch's lawless greed, are little more than naked propaganda is perhaps less appreciated. The Journal runs one absurd op-ed after another purporting to unmask climate change science, but only succeeds in unmasking the crudeness and ignorance of Murdoch's henchmen. Yesterday's (September 5) op-ed by Matt Ridley is a case in point.
Ridley's "smoking gun" is a paper last week in Science Magazine by two scientists Xianyao Chen and Ka-Kit Tung, which Ridley somehow believes refutes all previous climate science. Ridley quotes a sentence fragment from the press release suggesting that roughly half of the global warming in the last three decades of the past century (1970-2000) was due to global warming and half to a natural Atlantic Ocean cycle. They then states that "the human-made warming of the past 20 years has been so feeble that a shifting current in one ocean was enough to wipe it out altogether," and "That to put the icing on the case of good news, Xianyao Chen and Ka-Kit Tung think the Atlantic Ocean may continue to prevent any warming for the next two decades."
The Wall Street Journal editors don't give a hoot about the nonsense they publish if it serves their cause of fighting measures to limit human-induced climate change. If they had simply gone online to read the actual paper, they would have found that the paper's conclusions are the very opposite of Ridley's.
First, the paper makes perfectly clear that the Earth is warming in line with standard climate science, and that the Earth's warming is unabated in recent years. In the scientific lingo of the paper (it's very first line, so Ridley didn't have far to read!), "Increasing anthropogenic greenhouse-gas-emissions perturb Earth's radiative equilibrium, leading to a persistent imbalance at the top of the atmosphere (TOA) despite some long-wave radiative adjustment." In short, we humans are filling the atmosphere with carbon dioxide from fossil-fuel use, and we are warming the planet.
Second, the total warming is distributed between the land and ocean surface on the one hand and the ocean deep water on the other. The total rise of ocean heat content has continued unabated, while the proportion of heat absorbed at the surface and in the deeper ocean varies over time. Again, in the scientific lingo of the paper, "[T]his forced total OHC [ocean heat content] should be increasing monotonically over longer periods even through the current period of slowed warming. In fact, that expectation is verified by observation ...". In other words, the ocean has continued to warm in line with predictions of just such a phenomenon seen in climate models.
Third, it is the "vertical distribution" of the warming, between the surface and deep water, which affects the warming observed on land and at the sea surface. The point of the paper is that the allocation of the warming vertically varies over time, sometimes warming the surface rapidly, other times warming the deeper ocean to a great extent and the surface water less rapidly. According to the paper, the period of the late 20th century was a period in which the surface was warmed relative to the deeper ocean. The period since 2000 is the opposite, with more warming of the deeper ocean. How do the scientists know? They measure the ocean temperature at varying depths with a sophisticated system of "Argo profiling floats," which periodically dive into the ocean depths to take temperature readings and resurface to transmit them to the data centers.
So, what is Ridley's "smoking gun" when you strip away their absurd version of the paper? It goes like this. The Earth is continuing to warm just as greenhouse gas theory holds. The warming heats the land and the ocean. The ocean distributes some of the warming to the surface waters and some to the deeper waters, depending on the complex circulation of ocean waters. The shares of warming of the surface and deeper ocean vary over time, in fluctuations that can last a few years or a few decades.
If the surface warming is somewhat less in recent years than in the last part of the 20th century, is that reason for complacency? Hardly. The warming is continuing, and the consequences of our current trajectory will be devastating unless greenhouse gas emissions (mainly carbon dioxide) are stopped during this century. As Chen and Tung conclude in their Science paper, "When the internal variability [of the ocean] that is responsible for the current hiatus [in warming] switches sign, as it inevitably will, another episode of accelerated global warming should ensue."
In Abandoned, Europe, Military / By Tom / 20 September 2011
(Image courtesy of Gary Parsons, Air-Scene UK)
Several days ago our sibling site Storm Climb reported on the final demise of an English Electric Lightning fighter jet that had languished for decades in various stages of abandonment in a yard by the A1 road near Balderton in Nottinghamshire, UK. The Cold War-era aircraft, which had become a well known landmark to travellers on the A1, was finally torn apart for scrap on Friday, September 9, in what has been hailed the end of an era by aviation enthusiasts.
(Image: David Cowling, cc-sa-2.0)
The Lightning, serial number XN728, was in reasonable condition upon its arrival at the yard in 1983, despite having served as a decoy aircraft at RAF Coningsby for several years. But the years took their toll and various spells of dereliction saw the aircraft abandoned to the mercy of thieves and vandals.
(Image: John Goldsmith, cc-sa-2.0)
Despite a great deal of interest from various parties over the decades, the Lightning, which had once served as inspiration for a clothing range by Paul Smith, was seemingly never offered up for preservation. And after almost 30 years of neglect, its fate was all but sealed long ago. Read more about XN728 in our previous article Britain's Most Famous Derelict Fighter Plane.
Lincoln statue causes stir in South
To be unveiled in April at National Park Service site in Richmond, Va.
When the International Lincoln Center for American Studies at Louisiana State University holds its annual Abraham Lincoln lecture series each fall, it's pretty much a given that the Sons of Confederate Veterans will show up to hand out fliers proclaiming "Lincoln: Wanted Dead or Alive."
That's why center director Bill Pederson was not surprised to read about a recent controversy in Richmond, Va., over a proposal to erect a life-sized statue of Lincoln and their son, Tad, at a National Park Service site there.
The statue - which apparently would be the first statue of Lincoln to be erected in the deep South, has been met with a flurry of mainly negative comments and letters to local newspapers. Writers tend to use words like "appalled" and "slap in the face" and refer to Lincoln as a "liar" and "murderer."
"I don't think that northerners totally appreciate the feelings of the mainly white southerners who think that their heritage is under attack," Pederson said.
However, Pederson said, those feelings are shared by a very small group of southerners.
Most people in the South "could care less" about Lincoln, they said, although those who do frequently care deeply.
When LSU's Lincoln Center was given that name about five years ago, for instance, the university chancellor got about 40 e-mails protesting the move, mainly from southern states. Given the widespread use of the Internet to link like-minded people all over the country, they said, that number reflects a "fairly small minority" throughout the South.
But Pederson, who often refers to Lincoln in their political science classes, said they have even had students drop their class when they say something favorable about the 16th president.
"Some of these people's families lost everything in the Civil War, and they're still hacked off about it," Pederson said. "They can't get over it."
Anti-Lincoln sentiment appears to be a relatively recent phenomenon in the South. Pederson said they think it dates to the middle of the 20th century, corresponding to the rise of the civil rights movement. Pederson said they have talked with older Louisianans who say they don't remember anti-Lincoln attitudes being common when they were young.
They also have researched local newspapers from 1909, when the Lincoln penny was first issued, and found no indication of anybody protesting that.
Pederson said they know some of the "Confederate heritage" promoters and protesters as former students.
"They claim not to be racist, and I'd like to think that that is true," they said. "But I wouldn't be surprised if they didn't vote for (Klu Klux Klan leader) David Duke."
Archie McDonald, a professor of history at Stephen F. Austin State University in Nacogdoches, Texas, is blunter about the anti-Lincoln protests.
"We're talking about race," they said. "The bottom line is how we deal with it. Most people in the modern South have come to the conclusion that the direction we're headed is the better one."
Some, however, still look fondly back on the days of slavery or segregation, they said.
McDonald agreed that hatred for Lincoln, like the resurgence of the display of the Confederate flag, was something that was not common in the years after the Civil War, but became more popular with the emergence of the civil rights movement after World War II.
"The attitude (earlier) was one of reconciliation and nationalism," they said. "Things were going in a good direction until the civil rights crisis."
Despite protests, McDonald said, Lincoln is well thought of by most people in the South today.
It is unlikely, however, that the Lincoln-haters and Confederate flag wavers are going to disappear anytime soon, they said.
"Some people are going to fight that damn war 'til they die, and then their children will probably do the same thing," they said. "But it's over, and the right side won."
Doug Pokorski can be reached at 788-1539 or doug.pokorski@sj-r.com.
Jaguar's tagline is “ Good to Be Bad ,” and so it shall be in the new James Bond film, SPECTRE. Rumors that the beautiful Jaguar C-X75 concept—the stillborn, 890-hp hybrid supercar that we drove a while back —would play a role have officially been confirmed, and the car is part of a big chase scene with 007's new Aston Martin DB10
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Also confirmed is the participation of the Range Rover Sport SVR—which we knew already since several of the high-po SUVs were stolen from the production the week shooting started on the film. You may also recall that the SVR is the quickest SUV around the Nürburgring, at least as of last August.
Finally, JLR says that we'll also see some wicked Defenders that they have dubbed “Big Foots.” As you can see in the photo, they've been prepped with 37-inch tires and the full gamut of macho off-road accessories.
SPECTRE opens in November. Now we want to see it even more.
A version of this story originally appeared on roadandtrack.com.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
As two top researchers studying the science of science communication—a hot new field that combines public opinion research with psychological studies—Dan Kahan and Stephan Lewandowsky tend to agree about most things.
There's just one problem. The little thing that they disagree on—whether it actually works to tell people that there's a “scientific consensus” on climate change—is a matter of huge practical significance. After all, many scientists, advocates, and bloggers are doing this all the time. Heck, Barack Obama and Al Gore are out there doing it. And the central message that the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change sought to convey with its latest report, that scientists are now 95 percent certain that humans are driving global warming, is a message about scientific consensus.
In this episode of Inquiring Minds (click above to stream audio), Kahan and Lewandowsky debate this pressing issue. The discussion begins with a paper published in Nature Climate Change last year by Lewandowsky and two colleagues, providing experimental evidence suggesting a consensus message ought to work quite well.
“We told people that 97 out of 100 climate scientists agree on the basic premise that the globe is warming due to greenhouse gas emissions,” explains Lewandowsky, who is based at the University of Bristol in the United Kingdom. “And what we found was that that boosted people's acceptance of the scientific facts relating to climate change by a significant amount, and it did so in particular for people of a free-market worldview or ideology.” (The 97 percent figure comes from a recent study surveying the scientific literature on climate change.)
But Kahan, a Yale law professor who has extensively researched how our ideological predispositions skew our acceptance of facts, isn't so sure. It's not that they doubt Lewandowsky's basic finding. But, they say, “when people get that kind of message in the world, there are all kinds of other influences that are filtering, essentially, the credibility of that message. If that worked, I would have expected it to work by now.”
The two researchers agree that political ideology—and in particular conservative fiscal or free market thinking—is an overwhelming factor preventing acceptance of climate science. “A position on climate change has become almost like a tribal totem,” says Lewandowsky. “I am conservative, therefore I cannot believe in climate change.” But the difference is that Lewandowsky thinks other factors can mitigate this reality—including a consensus message that works, in essence, through peer pressure. After all, who wants to fly in the face of what 97 percent of experts have to say?
“We know from my studies that if you can only tell people about the consensus, that it does make a huge difference to their belief,” Lewandowsky says.
At stake in this debate is much more than the practical question of how we get people to care about what's happening to the planet. There's a far deeper issue: Do facts actually work to change minds? Or should we simply resign ourselves to human irrationality, at least on issues where people have a deep emotional stake?
Kahan's research provides an extensive documentation of how wildly biased we can be. After all, it's not just that liberals and conservatives perceive completely different scientific realities on issues like climate change. It's that as they grow more educated and scientifically literate, this problem becomes worse, rather than better, as the figure on the left demonstrates.
In response to such findings, many communications researchers have recommended framing strategies—in other words, placing potentially threatening information in a context that makes it more palatable to a particular person. Basically, it's an acknowledgement of human irrationality and an attempted workaround. Thus, Kahan's research suggests that you can make conservatives more accepting of climate science by framing it as supporting a free-market solution that they like for ideological reasons, such as nuclear power.
By contrast, what's so striking about Lewandowsky's “scientific consensus” message is that it isn't really framed at all. There's no sugar-coating present to make it go down easier on the political right. Rather, the message amounts to a blunt assertion of fact—in this case, the documented fact that climate scientists overwhelmingly agree. But in light of the research depicted above—as well as some research suggesting that political conservatives double down and become stronger in their beliefs when incorrect views are subject to a factual correction—there were plenty of reasons to fear this kind of approach would fail, at least in the face of strong ideology.
Still, Lewandowsky insists that it isn't an all or nothing issue—in large part because there are so many different kinds of people out there to reach, not all of whom are dogged conservative ideologues. “I think underscoring the consensus is an arguably successful strategy for most people,” they say. “I also think reframing is a very important thing.”
The implications of this debate extend far beyond the climate issue. On evolution, for instance, the scientific consensus is even stronger than it is on climate change—a fact that evolution defenders have sought to cleverly emphasize by listing scientists named “Steve” who support evolution (so far, they're at over 1,200 Steves). And again, Lewandowsky suspects that highlighting the overwhelming consensus on evolution is a winning message. “The consensus message is going to fail with some people, but that doesn't mean that it wouldn't also be effective overall,” they say.
So what's the bottom line? Clearly, communications researchers have a lot of work to do to figure out how to reconcile the views of Lewandowsky and Kahan—both of whom, after all, are leading researchers in the field. So we can expect more studies aimed right at this central problem; in fact, they're probably already in the works.
Meanwhile, both researchers agree that those going out and trying to communicate should test out different scientifically based approaches, trying to see which ones work in the real world. If anything, Kahan and Lewandowsky suggest that so far, those who actually practice communication aren't relying on the latest science enough—or, in the case of many scientific institutions, aren't investing enough in communications in the first place.
“It's a mistake to assume that valid science will communicate itself,” says Kahan.
You can listen to the full interview with Kahan and Lewandowsky here:
This episode of Inquiring Minds, a podcast hosted by bestselling author Chris Mooney and neuroscientist and musician Indre Viskontas, also features a discussion of the strange and disturbing disappearance of moose across much of the United States, and of Oprah Winpfrey's recent claim that self-described atheist swimmer Diana Nyad isn't actually an atheist.
To catch future shows right when they release, subscribe to Inquiring Minds via iTunes. You can also follow the show on Twitter at @inquiringshow and like us on Facebook.
Proposed plant would would be run by Kawasaki Heavy Industries and produce liquid hydrogen for use in vehicles
Victoria's plans for hydrogen exports to Japan are 'way of making brown coal look green'
Victorian government plans to work with a Japanese company to produce hydrogen from brown coal in the Latrobe Valley are “a way of making brown coal look green”, according to one expert.
The proposed plant, which would be run by Kawasaki Heavy Industries as part of their Kawasaki Hydrogen Road project, would produce liquid hydrogen that would then be exported to Japan to be used in hydrogen-powered vehicles.
Maritime authorities from both Australia and Japan signed a world-first deal to ship liquid hydrogen in Canberra on Wednesday, but Victoria's acting resources minister, Philip Dalidakis, said the project was still “in the very early stages”.
Hazelwood coal power station to close with loss of up to 1,000 jobs Read more
Dalidakis said the Victorian government has been working with Kawasaki Heavy Industries and the commonwealth on an engineering study to investigate the feasibility of producing hydrogen from brown coal.
They told Guardian Australia the state government was “keen to explore all serious investments that have the potential to create much needed jobs in the Latrobe Valley”.
Latrobe's Hazelwood power station will close on 31 March, with a loss of up to 1,000 jobs. It was considered to be the dirtiest power station in Australia.
Dr Patrick Moriarty, an expert in alternative energy and hydrogen fuel from Monash University, said replacing the power station with a hydrogen fuel plant was “a way of making brown coal look green”.
“It would be a newer plant… so it could be said to be cleaner on that side of it,” they said. “But it would do nothing for the climate in terms of how you would use it.”
Brown coal is converted to hydrogen by being partly combusted to produce carbon monoxide and hydrogen. The carbon monoxide is then mixed with steam to produce more hydrogen, and carbon dioxide.
The Japanese prime minister, Shinzo Abe, who will meet the Australian prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, on Saturday, is pushing to turn Japan into a “hydrogen society” with plans for 40,000 hydrogen-powered cars on the road by 2020, growing to 800,000 by 2030. It is tied to a $100m commitment to power the car fleet for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics with hydrogen.
What will fill the hole left by coal? Read more
But Moriarty is skeptical of the environmental benefit of such a push, saying the economic and carbon cost of transporting liquidised hydrogen negated the reduction in carbon emissions from the fuel itself.
Tania Constable, chief executive of CO2CRC, a Melbourne-based company that promotes carbon capture and storage technology, said it was a reasonable proposition because the volume of brown coal left in the Latrobe Valley was “massive and cheap”.
“It is completely reasonable to burn brown coal and turn it both into hydrogen-based electricity for Victoria and export the hydrogen for other purposes, as long as the CO2 from the brown coal can be captured and stored,” they said.
Constable said using brown coal to create hydrogen was a clean alternative to a coal-fired power station and more consistently reliable than other alternative energies such as wind and solar, which are “dependent on climatic conditions”.
The Victorian government is currently trialling a carbon capture project, called CarbonNet, in the Latrobe valley.
In the Aftermath of the September 11, 2001, attacks, Congress passed a law requiring commercial and casualty insurance companies to offer terrorism coverage. That was reassuring to jittery business owners but a major hassle for insurers, who, after all, are in the business of predicting risk. They might not know when something like a hurricane or earthquake will hit, but decades of data tell them where and how hard such an event is likely to be. But terrorists try to do the unexpected, and the range of what they might attempt is vast. A recent study published by the American Academy of Actuaries estimated that a truck bomb going off in Des Moines, Iowa, could cost insurers $3 billion; a major anthrax attack on New York City could cost $778 billion.
How do you predict a threat that's unpredictable by design? By marshaling trainloads of data on every part of the equation that is knowable. Then you make highly educated guesses about the rest.
#### The Target
A random office building isn't likely to be in terrorists' crosshairs, but it could become collateral damage in a strike on, say, a nearby courthouse. To get help quantifying these risks, insurance companies turn to specialized catastrophe-modeling firms like AIR Worldwide. In 2002, AIR enlisted a group of experts formerly with the CIA, FBI, and Energy and Defense departments to brainstorm 36 categories of targets: corporate headquarters, airports, bridges, and so forth. AIR researchers then assembled a database of more than 300,000 actual locations around the US.
#### The Risk
AIR's experts estimated the odds of an attack on each target type, taking into account various terror groups and the range of weapons they might use. They figured, for instance, that an animal research lab might have a higher risk of being hit by animal rights extremists than a post office.
#### The Damage
A decade ago, insurance companies — and the reinsurance companies that indemnify them — had only a rough idea of what they were covering. Today they have fine-grained details about nearly every property, down to the type of roofing and window glass. Terabytes of this data are run through models that factor in the area near the target, records of industrial accidents, and results of bomb tests. Those calculations yield estimates of casualties and damage, depending on whether the building was the target or a collateral hit.
The Bottom Line
Actuaries then convert all that mayhem into dollars, figuring out what the insurer will have to pay to repair buildings, replace equipment, and cover loss of life and medical care. What does that mean in terms of premiums? Typical coverage against terrorist attack for a five-story office building in Topeka, Kansas: $5,000 a year. That same building in lower Manhattan? $75,000. Even for mad bombers, it's all about location, location, location.
Infographics: Bryan Christie
Related The Petabyte Age: Sensors everywhere. Infinite storage. Clouds of processors. Our ability to capture, warehouse, and understand massive amounts of data is changing science, medicine, business, and technology. As our collection of facts and figures grows, so will the opportunity to find answers to fundamental questions. Because in the era of big data, more isn't just more. More is different.
The CW has released the official synopsis for "Attack on Gorilla City," February 21's episode of The Flash.
You can check it out below.
When Jesse Quick (guest star Violett Beane) informs the team that their father (Tom Cavanagh) has been abducted, Barry (Grant Gustin), Caitlin (Danielle Panabaker), Cisco (Carlos Valdes) and Julian (Tom Felton) voyage to Earth-2 on a rescue mission to save Harry from Gorilla City. As they trek through the forest, Barry and the team are immediately captured and brought to Grodd (voiced by David Sobolov). Grodd tells them they need their help to stop Solovar (voiced by Keith David), the leader of Gorilla City, as Solovar wants to invade Earth-1. Meanwhile, back on Earth-1, Jesse and Kid Flash (Keiynan Lonsdale) hit the streets to stop a metahuman that can control gravity, with H.R. and Joe (Jesse L. Martin) guiding them from S.T.A.R. Labs.
Dermott Downs directed the episode with story by Andrew Kresiberg and teleplay by Aaron Helbing & David Kob. Each season so far, The Flash has had at least one episode dealing with Gorilla Grodd, a superintelligent gorilla who battles The Flash in the comics.
Put this one in your peace pipe and smoke it — a Native American faculty member at the University of New Mexico has been condemned for wearing a headdress on Halloween.
They reportedly wore it to a pumpkin carving contest at the school.
“Just because you're Native American, does not give you a free pass to rock a headdress or a tomahawk,” Joaquina Castillo, co-president of the KIVA Club, a Native American group on campus, told KRQE news.
“She was actually being awarded for most authentic costume, which is just an even more big slap in the face,” Castillo said.
KIVA Club members told the news outlet they found the costume racist and an example of cultural appropriation, arguing that the faculty member who wore it is part of the Navajo Nation and headdresses are not part of that tribe; with that, they called for more diversity dialogues at the school.
The faculty member, who university officials are declining to name, will not face administrative sanctions for their costume, but official did take down from the Internet a picture of the employee in their costume amid complaints, KRQE reports.
MORE: Ahead of Halloween, universities nationwide tell students what not to wear
Read More
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
News > ESPORTS > ASUS ROG DreamLeague Season #2 Qualfiers
ASUS ROG DreamLeague Season #2 Qualfiers
It's finally time to reveal some information about ASUS ROG DreamLeague Season #2 as we open up for the Online Qualifiers! We are also very excited as we are introducing a new division which is Asia.
ASUS ROG Dreamleague Season #1 was a huge success with the largest prize pool (+$263,000) to it's date outside of The International and with a high quality League and Playoff led to ASUS ROG DreamLeague establishing as the premier Dota 2 league. At DreamHack Summer 2014 the Swedish Alliance were able to defeat Cloud 9 in the final in front of an excited home crowd. Now it's time to start a new Season of ASUS ROG DreamLeague!
A new division – Asia
After the success of Season #1 it's time to expand ASUS ROG DreamLeague to a new division and region to make it even more competitive. More information on invited teams and the format will come the coming days. As for now we are announcing the qualifiers.
Eligibility
Definition of the three divisions
The Division are defined as follows:
North American Division – All players that belong to the American continents are eligible, meaning both North, Central and South America, and will play on the US West or East server.
Europe East Division – All players from the following countries; Albania, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Estonia, Georgia, Hungary, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Latvia, Lithuania, Macedonia, Moldova, Montenegro, Poland, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Tajikistan, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Ukraine and Uzbekistan and will play on the Europe East server.
Europe West Division – All players from all other European countries, or countries close to or bordering to the European continent, are eligible for the Europe West Division and will play on the Europe West server.
Asian Division – All players from the Asia region. Includes China, SEA, APAC, Oceania and rest of the Asia region not eligible to participate in the Europe East Division.
Teams eligibility for a Division
* A team has to qualify to the Division where a majority of the team members live, either by citizenship or residency. (e.g. 3 players from Europe East and 2 from else where)
* If a team has an equal amount of players from two divisions, the team's organisation country of incorporation, charter or similar will be the deciding factor. If the organisation is not from either of the 3 regions the team will be able to choose but can not change division for the reminding of the whole Season including qualifiers.
*A team is not eligible if the majority of the players in the team are not from either of the divisions (e.g. 3 players from Africa)
Season #2 Qualifiers
The qualifiers will be open for any team who is eligible for each division and there will be 1-2 slots available per division as some team from Season #1 are no longer active. So make sure to sign up and fight for guaranteed $100,000 plus crowd funded prize pool in the prestigious Dota 2!
Each Division Qualifier will be Double Elimination. Winner Bracket matches will be BO3 and Loser Bracket BO1 except of the LB Final. The Grand Final will be BO3.
Europe East
6-8 October – 18:00 CEST – Europe East Qualfier
Asia
10-12 October – 12:00 CEST (18:00 CST) – Asia Qualfier
Europe West
14-16 October – 18:00 CEST – Europe West Qualfier
(Moved the qualifier one day to 14th of October)
North America
17-19 October – 00:00 CEST (18:00 EST) – North America Qualfier
See the full rule set here
ASUS ROG
ASUS is a leading company in the new digital era, with a broad product portfolio that includes notebooks, netbooks, motherboards, graphics cards, displays, desktop PCs, servers, wireless solutions, mobile phones and networking devices. Driven by innovation and committed to quality, ASUS designs and manufactures products that perfectly meet the needs of today's home and office users.More information can be found at www.asus.se
Website: http://rog.asus.com/
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/rognordic
Twitter: http://twitter.com/ROGNordic
Contact
Please use our irc-channels on Quakenet #DH.Dota2 – You can also e-mail us at dota2 [at] dreamhack.se
The Detroit Riots were among the bloodiest riots in American history. Thel strife occurred during a period of Detroit's history when the once-affluent city was struggling economically, and race relations nationwide were at an all-time low.
The Detroit Police Department's vice squad often raided illegal drinking establishments in the city's poorer neighborhoods, and at 3:35 a.m. on Sunday morning, July 23, they moved against a club that was hosting a party for returning Vietnam War veterans. The early-morning police activity drew a crowd of angry onlookers, and the situation rapidly deteriorated.
Soon thousands of people had spilled out onto the street from nearby buildings, throwing rocks and bottles at the police, who quickly fled the scene. Looting began on 12th Street, where the illegal club was located, and shops and businesses were ransacked.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
By dawn, the first fire broke out, and soon much of the street was ablaze. By midmorning, every police officer and firefighter in Detroit was called to duty. Back on 12th Street, officers struggled to control the mob, and firefighters were attacked as they tried to battle the flames.
The rioting continued all week, and the U.S. Army and the National Guard were called in to quell the worst of the violence. By the time the bloodshed, burning and looting ended after five days, 43 people were dead, 342 people were seriously injured and nearly 1,400 buildings had been burned or ransacked.
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are battling for more than just voters in Nevada's caucuses ‒ their campaigns are also bickering about space in local Democratic offices. In the wake of a data breach scandal, some wonder if there's an anti-Bernie bias.
In Nevada's state capital, the Clinton campaign rented space from the Carson City Democrats. They have a back room in the local party organization's office suite. At the time Clinton's Carson City office opened in early December, neither the Sanders nor the Martin O'Malley presidential campaigns had offices in the city.
“Our office in Carson City had extra space beyond what our local party organization needs, and the Clinton campaign inquired about renting this extra space,” Marty McGarry, chairperson of the Carson City Democrats, told RT. “Their presence helps us pay expenses for our all-volunteer office that does not receive any money from the state party.”
BIG NEWS: Carson City Democratic Party Chair Marty McGarry sat down with Hillary at Comma Coffee in Reno earlier today... Posted by Hillary for Nevada on Monday, November 23, 2015
The Sanders campaign, which runs nine offices in Nevada, including one in Carson City that opened in mid-December, was not offered space in any local Democratic Party offices, nor did they inquire about such vacancies.
“We are running a clean operation in the state, and believe that impartiality in the caucus process is of the utmost importance,” Joan Kato, the Nevada state director for the Sanders campaign, told RT. “In fact, I'm proud to say that none of our offices are located within the Nevada State Democratic Party or any of their affiliate offices."
The Clinton campaign, both at the national and the state levels, did not respond to RT's repeated requests for comments. However, Tim Hogan, the Hillary for Nevada communications director, told Vice News' Pete Voelker that the former secretary of state's campaign doesn't see an issue with the shared suite.
"This space is like any other office space," Hogan said. "There was space for rent and we pay for our portion of the office."
Sanders supporters have used the shared office space as more evidence of the national party's pro-Clinton bias on the heels of last Friday's Democratic National Campaign database scandal that led to Sanders filing a lawsuit against the DNC, combined with yet another Saturday night primary debate ‒ this one hidden behind a National Football League game and holiday parties.
The so-called Berniegate scandal ‒ when a member of the Sanders campaign accessed data from the Clinton campaign after a software glitch by NGP VAN, the contractor that manages the DNC's voter database ‒ led to questions about potentially improper connections between the company and both the DNC and the Clinton campaign. NGP VAN CEO Stu Trevelyan worked on the 1992 Bill Clinton and Al Gore campaign and later served in President Clinton's White House, while NGP founder Nathan Pearlman was Clinton's chief technology officer during their 2008 presidential run. DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz endorsed then-Senator Clinton when they first sought the White House as well.
NGP VAN fieldtrip to Ready For Hillary HQ to see the bus! Adam Julian Parkhomenko, Nickie Gyorfi Titus and the whole RFH gang are awesome. Follow @TheHillaryBus to see when it's coming to your town... Posted by Stu Trevelyan on Monday, June 9, 2014
The campaigns are flocking to Nevada ahead of its February 20 caucuses, dubbed the ‘First in the West'. It is almost unheard of for presidential hopefuls to share spaces with local party offices before becoming the official party candidate, Sanders supporters note.
“There is not ONE SINGLE OFFICE I have worked in that shared their office with only one candidate. Never. Not once. The resources of the office were available to all candidates,” user Luminous Animal wrote in a Democratic Underground forum. “Le Taz Hot has documented their trials and tribulations of getting their local Dem office to carry Bernie campaign material. They flat out won't do it.”
“Never is right, until you are the nominee, THEN you become a 'coordinated campaign' and not before,” user ViceGrip added.
At US Uncut, Amanda Girard listed five “blatant examples” of the DNC “tipping the scales in favor of Hillary Clinton during the 2016 Democratic primaries” ‒ in violation of its own rules. Along with stacking the primary schedule, co-located offices and Berniegate, they also pointed out that the DNC's finance chair, Henry R. Muñoz III, was caught organizing a fundraiser for Clinton over the summer, despite strict rules requiring impartiality from DNC national officers and staff until the party's nominee has been selected. Girard also noted that the DNC worked with Clinton to get commitments from 20 percent of party superdelegates by August ‒ long before the first debate was held, let alone the primaries and caucuses.
McGarry did not specifically answer RT's questions as to any image issues a voter entering the Carson City office might have with regards to the lack of separation between the Clinton campaign's area of the office and the main section that the county party uses. Nor did they answer whether the Clinton campaign has used the main part of the office, as photos on their Facebook page imply they have, or what arrangements were made for that use.
In case you missed it, we opened up a field office in Carson City yesterday! Posted by Hillary for Nevada on Saturday, December 5, 2015
“At the request of the state party, we are in the process of reviewing this situation to address the Sanders campaign's concerns and will work to ensure there is a clear separation between our party office and the space that the Clinton campaign is renting,” McGarry said. “We will continue to work with all three Democratic presidential campaigns to ensure they all have a prominent presence in our office.”
The state Democratic Party also told RT that they are working with both the Clinton and Sanders campaigns to resolve any shared-space issues.
“Since we were made aware of the situation with the county party office in Carson City, we have been working diligently with all sides to reach a solution that satisfies the Sanders campaign and all involved,” Roberta Lange, president of the Nevada State Democratic Party, said in an email.
O'Malley's campaign, which does not have any offices in Carson City, did not respond to a request for comment.
Aliza Krichevsky, RT
The Mac's contribution to Apple's bottom line fell to an all-time low last quarter, according to data from the company.
Once upon a time, the Mac line accounted for as much as half of Apple's income. But in the first quarter, computer sales were just 13% of the company's near-record revenue.
The downturn has been dramatic, sparked first by the introduction in mid-2007 of the iPhone, then accelerated again in early 2010 when Apple launched the iPad.
[ Further reading: 24 keyboard shortcuts Mac users need to know ]
In the second quarter of 2007, the first time the iPhone showed up on Apple's balance sheet, Macs drove 47% of the revenue, adding $2.5 billion to the bottom line. That number fluctuated for nearly three years -- a low of 37% in the fourth quarter of 2007, a high of 50% in the third quarter of the same year -- but generally stayed in the 40s.
It wasn't until the fourth quarter of 2009 that the Mac's contribution fell under 30%. In that three-month period, Macs accounted for just 28% of Apple's $15.7 billion in revenue, while the iPhone climbed to 36%
But when the iPad appeared in Apple's ledgers in the second quarter of 2010, the Mac's importance to the company's total revenue fell even more, slipping to 20% by the end of 2010, then to 18% and 14% in two of the 2011 reporting periods.
So even though the Mac brought in $5.1 billion last quarter -- more than double the $2.5 billion in the second quarter of 2007, its share had dropped precipitously.
Does that mean the Mac is meaningless to Apple?
Ezra Gottheil, an analyst with Technology Business Research, gave an emphatic "no" to the question.
"Is this a viable business? Yes it is. Is it as profitable as other products? Certainly not," said Gottheil.
Apple has interests that demand the continuation of the Mac line, even though it's not delivering as big a chunk of sales, said Gottheil, ticking off several reasons why Apple will not abandon its original business.
"They're more than willing to keep the Mac going," they argued. "It's strategically important -- they want a certain amount of cross-fertilization between OS X and iOS -- and it's a development platform that lends itself better than others to its other devices. People who develop iOS apps mostly use Macs."
Among other things, Gottheil said, the Mac allows Apple to stock its retail stores with more than just mobile devices and offers the ability to turn iOS customers into Mac owners. That's an important factor, the analyst said, in the Mac's bigger unit numbers than several years ago.
Apple's executives regularly tout new customers for the Mac that have been drawn in by the retail stores or the firm's mobile lines. Yesterday was no exception.
"About half the Macs sold in our stores during the March quarter were to customers who had never owned a Mac before," Chief Financial Officer Peter Oppenheimer said Tuesday during Apple's first-quarter earnings call.
More than 820,000 Macs were purchased in Apple's retail outlets last quarter, Oppenheimer said, putting the new-to-Mac number at around 410,000.
"And there's a certain amount of evangelizing that they do with the Mac," said Gottheil. "They've always been a personal computing company dedicated to serving the users."
That, they stressed, paid dividends when Apple used the same philosophy to tackle smartphones, then tablets.
Gottheil also noted that the numbers could tell a different story than one of declining revenue share.
"The Mac is more than it was," Gottheil said, talking about the dollars the Mac brings in. "But it's the rest of the company that's grown even faster."
The Mac's contribution to Apple's bottom line fell to an all-time low last quarter, according to Apple financial data.
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft, security issues, Apple, Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld. Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer, on Google+ or subscribe to Gregg's RSS feed . Their email address is gkeizer@computerworld.com.
See more by Gregg Keizer on Computerworld.com.
Four major music companies will be able to continue to implement a “three strikes and you're out” agreement with Eircom which cuts off the broadband connection of people repeatedly sharing music online.
The Supreme Court today upheld a challenge by four music companies to a notice of the Data Protection Commissioner which they feared would effectively unwind their “three strikes and you're out” agreement with Eircom aimed at combating the widespread illegal downloading of music.
The companies claimed the commissioner's enforcement notice of December 5th, 2011, directing Eircom to stop implementing the three strikes agreement, arising from their view it breached data protection and privacy laws, amounted to an unlawful and irrational attempt to reopen data protection issues already determined in their favour by the High Court.
In a High Court judgment of June 2012, Mr Justice Peter Charleton ruled as invalid the enforcement notice due to its failure to include any reasons specifying what provisions of the Data Protection Acts had been contravened by the protocol.
The state of the relevant law, particularly regarding the potential conflict between the privacy rights of some people and the intellectual property rights of others, had been “regrettably misconstrued” by the Commissioner, they said. “The law does not set intellectual property rights at naught because of the involvement of the internet.”
They dismissed further arguments the companies' decision to seek judicial review of the Commissioner's decision amounted to an abuse of process in circumstances where the the enforcement order had been appealed by Eircom to the Circuit Court.
The Supreme Court today unanimously dismissed the Commissioner's appeal against the High Court decision.
Giving the judgment, Mr Justice Frank Clarke, with whom Mr Justice Niall Fennelly and Mr Justice Donal O'Donnell agreed, said significant and important questions relating to music piracy and intellectual property rights lay at the heart of the appeal.
Those issues could be summarised into the question whether the protocol, the product of a private contractual arrangement, could legitimately result in a subscriber to an internet service provider having their broadband terminated.
However, the specific questions the Supreme Court had to answer were much narrower, they said.
These were whether the trial judge had correctly quashed the notice on the basis of absence of reasons and whether judicial review was appropriate in this matter.
They found the trial judge correctly concluded there was “a complete absence of reasons” and therefore, the notice was unlawful and made in breach of Section 10.4 of the Data Protection Acts. It was particularly important Section 10 required such a notice to specify the reasons for the Commissioner having formed an opinion there has been a breach of data protection laws, they said.
They were not convinced, as argued on behalf of the commissioner, the reasons for the notice were obvious form the process engaged in. Legal certainty requires the reasons can be determined “with some reasonable measure of precision”, they said.
On the evidence and materials available, it was not inherently obvious why the protocol would involve a breach of date protection law, they added. The protocol, they noted, worked via Eircom getting IP addresses of suspected illegal downloaders from the record companies, writing an appropriate letter to the customer involved and invoking suspension or termination provisions as appropriate.
It was also relevant, while the enforcement notice was issued to Eircom, the music companies were potentially affected by it and, as such, were entitled to know the reasons so as to consider what legal options might be open to them.
The judge also ruled this was one of those cases where, exceptional to the general rule, the music companies were entitled to maintain judicial review proceedings despite the “highly conditional availability” of a statutory appeal against the commissioner's notice and the fact the companies sought initially to join that appeal. Eircom had a right of appeal against the notice but the record companies had not, although it was possible they might be joined as a notice party, the judge said.
The proceedings were taken by EMI Records (Ireland), Sony Music Entertainment Ireland, Universal Music Ireland and Warner Music Ireland.
The enforcement notice was issued following the Commissioner's investigation into a complaint from an Eircom subscriber about receiving a notification under the three strikes protocol, agreed with Eircom under a January 2009 settlement of court actions by the companies against it.
In January 2011, the Commissioner notified Eircom of a complaint by a subscriber who received a notification under the protocol but insisted they were not engaged in any illegal downloading.
Eircom investigated and told the commissioner in February 2011 it had discovered, due to a “minor technical issue”, its notification to that subscriber and 390 others was incorrectly issued but the relevant accounts would be amended to remove any record of infringement.
In September 2011, the Commissioner told Eircom the complainant subscriber had restated their original complaint and alleged Eircom's monitoring of their internet use breached their data protection rights.
The Commissioner contended the monitoring activities being carried out by Eircom as an agent of the music companies under the settlement scheme were not permitted unless the internet users in question had consented to such monitoring.
Four major music companies will be able to continue to implement a “three strikes and you're out” agreement with Eircom which cuts off the broadband connection of people repeatedly sharing music online.
The Supreme Court today upheld a challenge by four music companies to a notice of the Data Protection Commissioner which they feared would effectively unwind their “three strikes and you're out” agreement with Eircom aimed at combating the widespread illegal downloading of music.
The companies claimed the commissioner's enforcement notice of December 5th, 2011, directing Eircom to stop implementing the three strikes agreement, arising from their view it breached data protection and privacy laws, amounted to an unlawful and irrational attempt to reopen data protection issues already determined in their favour by the High Court.
In a High Court judgment of June 2012, Mr Justice Peter Charleton ruled as invalid the enforcement notice due to its failure to include any reasons specifying what provisions of the Data Protection Acts had been contravened by the protocol.
The state of the relevant law, particularly regarding the potential conflict between the privacy rights of some people and the intellectual property rights of others, had been “regrettably misconstrued” by the Commissioner, they said. “The law does not set intellectual property rights at naught because of the involvement of the internet.”
They dismissed further arguments the companies' decision to seek judicial review of the Commissioner's decision amounted to an abuse of process in circumstances where the the enforcement order had been appealed by Eircom to the Circuit Court.
The Supreme Court today unanimously dismissed the Commissioner's appeal against the High Court decision.
Giving the judgment, Mr Justice Frank Clarke, with whom Mr Justice Nial Fennelly and Mr Justice Donal O'Donnell agreed, said significant and important questions relating to music piracy and intellectual property rights lay at the heart of the appeal.
Those issues could be summarised into the question whether the protocol, the product of a private contractual arrangement, could legitimately result in a subscriber to an internet service provider having their broadband terminated.
However, the specific questions the Supreme Court had to answer were much narrower, they said.
These were whether the trial judge had correctly quashed the notice on the basis of absence of reasons and whether judicial reveiw was appropriate in this matter.
They found the trial judge correctly concluded there was “a complete absence of reasons” and therfore, the notice was unlawful and made in breach of Section 10.4 of the Data Protection Acts. It was particularly important Section 10 required such a notice to specify the reasons for the Commissioner having formed an opinion there has been a breach of data protection laws, they said.
They were not convinced, as argued on behalf of the commissioner, the reasons for the notice were obvious form the process engaged in. Legal certainty requires the reasons can be determined “with some reasonable measure of precision”, they said.
On the evidence and materials available, it was not inherently obvious why the protocol would involve a breach of date protection law, they added. The protocol, they noted, worked via Eircom getting IP addresses of suspected illegal downloaders from the record companies, writing an appropriate letter to the customer involved and invoking suspension or termination provisions as appropriate.
It was also relevant, while the enforcement notice was issued to Eircom, the music companies were potentially affected by it and, as such, were entitled to know the reasons so as to consider what legal options might be open to them.
The judge also ruled this was one of those cases where, exceptional to the general rule, the music companies were entitled to maintain judicial review proceedings despite the “highly conditional availaibility” of a statutory appeal against the commissioner's notice and the fact the companies sought initially to join that appeal. Eircom had a right of appeal against the notice but the record companies had not, although it was possible they might be joined as a notice party, the judge said.
The proceedings were taken by EMI Records (Ireland), Sony Music Entertainment Ireland, Universal Music Ireland and Warner Music Ireland.
The enforcement notice was issued following the commissioner's investigation into a complaint from an Eircom subscriber about receiving a notification under the three strikes protocol, agreed with Eircom under a January 2009 settlement of court actions by the companies against it.
In January 2011, the Commissioner notified Eircom of a complaint by a subscriber who received a notification under the protocol but insisted they were not engaged in any illegal downloading.
Eircom investigated and told the commissioner in February 2011 it had discovered, due to a “minor technical issue”, its notification to that subscriber and 390 others was incorrectly issued but the relevant accounts would be amended to remove any record of infringement.
In September 2011, the Commissioner told Eircom the complainant subscriber had restated their original complaint and alleged Eircom's monitoring of their internet use breached their data protection rights.
The Commissioner contended the monitoring activities being carried out by Eircom as an agent of the music companies under the settlement scheme were not permitted unless the internet users in question had consented to such monitoring.
At The Sequoias-Portola Valley, a retirement facility 35 miles south of San Francisco, 12-week tai chi programs are offered twice a year. Before and after, participants are tested for how many times they can rise from a chair without using their arms. Dr. Kati Murray, a geriatrician who is medical director of The Sequoias, said they saw marked improvement after the tai chi.
Dr. Lewis A. Lipsitz, a professor of medicine at Harvard, said they saw similar results at two facilities run by Hebrew SeniorLife, where they are vice president of academic medicine. “If only we could put tai chi in a pill,” they said.
Integrating balance and strength work into daily life — standing on one foot while brushing your teeth, for instance, or simply putting one foot in front of the other — can help as well.
Several studies have shown that vitamin D, which can improve muscle strength and balance, helps reduce falls. Also, remaining appropriately hydrated, particularly on hot days or for people at risk for low blood pressure (a main cause of dizziness), is important.
People on multiple medications can be at especially high risk of falling. Psychotropic drugs such as antidepressants, antipsychotics and benzodiazepines are most clearly implicated in falls. Antidepressants “can directly affect your balance,” said Dr. Mary Tinetti, a geriatrician at Yale who studies falls.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan overhauled the world's biggest public pension fund on Tuesday, appointing new committee members, in a push toward Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's goal of a more aggressive investment strategy.
An elderly woman pushes a walking aid as they walk on a street at Tokyo's Sugamo district, an area popular among the Japanese elderly, in Tokyo December 4, 2013. REUTERS/Issei Kato
The government announced a reshuffle of the Investment Committee of the $1.26 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF), in line with Abe's drive to have the fund make riskier investments and rely less on low-yielding government bonds.
Global financial markets are keenly watching GPIF's investment strategy as the fund, bigger than Mexico's economy, is a huge investor and a bellwether for other Japanese institutional investors.
The new committee will play a leading role when GPIF sets its new investment allocation targets over the coming months. Abe has promised GPIF reform as an element of their growth strategy, the “third arrow” in their policy, following aggressive monetary and fiscal stimulus.
Health Minister Norihisa Tamura, who appoints the GPIF Investment Committee members, shrank the panel to eight members from 10 as part of the overhaul. Two members retained their seats and one former member was brought back on.
Tamura said on Tuesday they hope that new investment advisers will use their expertise to raise investment returns, while controlling risks and taking into account economic development in setting up new investment targets.
“The interests of pension beneficiaries come first in pension fund management,” Tamura told a news conference after the regular cabinet meeting.
The panel retains a balance of academics and economists, with one representative each from the main trade union federation - whose pensions are at stake - and the biggest business lobby.
But in a sign of Abe's more aggressive strategy, three of the now eight members sat on the advisory panel that spearheaded a change in the fund's strategy last year to achieve higher investment returns.
They are Sadayuki Horie, senior researcher at Nomura Research Institute; Isao Sugaya of the JTUC Research Institute for Advancement of Living Standards, a think tank of Japan's top labor federation; and Yasuhiro Yonezawa, a professor of Waseda University's graduate school of finance.
Yonezawa, an expert on pension matters, headed the GPIF Investment Committee from 2008-2010 and sits on several advisory panels of the Health Ministry's Pension Fund Bureau.
Tamura declined to comment on who will head GPIF's investment committee.
The advisory panel was led by Tokyo University Professor Takatoshi Ito, who has been outspoken in calling for GPIF to undertake a more aggressive investment strategy.
ASSET ALLOCATION
Financial markets showed muted reaction to GPIF's personnel change, but dealers were concerned about how the public fund would potentially change its investment strategy.
“We believe this will be a major step for the world's largest pension fund to review its portfolio, increasing risk assets as well as reducing JGB holdings,” Citi said in its forex report.
“To stabilize JGB markets, the possibility of additional Bank of Japan asset purchase will grow. In our view, they're important elements to promote Japanese yen depreciation going forward,” it said.
GPIF, which was set up in 2001, conducted the biggest shake-up of its investment strategy last June when it revised its allocation targets to raise the core weighting for Japanese stocks and lower the weighting for domestic bonds in a bid to achieve higher returns.
GPIF now targets 12 percent of its investments in Japanese stocks, 60 percent in domestic bonds, 11 percent in foreign bonds, 12 percent in foreign stocks and 5 percent in short-term assets.
In February, GPIF agreed with Canada's Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System and the Development Bank of Japan to invest in infrastructure projects through an investment trust fund.
GPIF recently began benchmarking some passive investments to the new JPX 400 index, which focuses on return on equity and corporate governance. The fund also uses more active investment strategies, in line with the Ito panel's recommendations.
GPIF has said it plans to expand its investment in foreign bonds to emerging markets bonds, foreign high-yield bonds and foreign inflation-linked bonds.
All Eyes on Utah Race for National Seats Video
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah (ABC4 Utah) Two prominent races during Utah's primary election are for national seats. One is a Democratic battle for a Senate seat. The other is the Republican fight for the Third Congressional District.
The Democratic Primary for U.S. Senate between Misty Snow and Jonathan Swinton has the potential to make national headlines.
As of 10:30 p.m. Snow had 59.6 percent of the votes to Swintons 40.4 percent. Snow gathered with supporters Tuesday night waiting for the final results to come in. If they win, they would become the first transgender person in U.S. history to be a U.S. Senate candidate from a major party.
"I think we ran a pretty good campaign considering my opponent started like 6 months ahead of me, had like more money, more volunteers, new people and I didn't really have that and here we forced a primary at the convention and you know, after that I had a lot of people wanting to help me out because I was exciting them. I was speaking to issues they care about," said Snow.
Them opponent Jonathan Swinton was also talking supporters watching the results come in. Swinton says they have better shot of defeating incumbent Mike Lee in November because their campaign has been one of moderation.
"We're feeling very good about the campaign that we've run. We've focused on our goal of restoring cooperation to Washington. I've run a campaign of integrity. I've been very fair to my opponent and we're feeling very good about this cooperative message that we're sending. It's resonating with people all over the state," said Swinton.
The other big race for a spot in Washington is the Republican primary in Utah's Third Congressional District. Incumbent Jason Chaffetz was challenged by BYU professor Chia-Chi Teng.
As of 10:30 p.m. Chaffetz held a commanding lead at 78.6% to Chia-Chi Teng's 21.4% of the votes.
"It's very humbling, you can never take anything for granted.. You feel the weight of it. people checking a box next to your name and you want to live up to their expectations," said Chaffetz.
Chaffetz acknowledged the win and thanked voters. Their opponent Teng was not happy with the results. They called Chaffetz and conceded the race. They say its tough to run against an incumbent.
"Well I wish the results would be different but I'm happy with the support that I have received from my constituents here in Utah's 3rd Congressional District. All I really wanted to do was fix the way out district is being represented," said Teng.
It appears Chaffetz is on their way to a 5th term if they beat Democrat Stephan Tryong in November. In the Democratic Senate race, if the numbers hold up, Misty Snow could be making history here in Utah and around the country.
Later in the evening Snow declared victory against their opponent and released the following statement:
Author: Mitch McConnell's Focus On Winning Is 'Single-Minded'
The new Senate majority leader will soon take office. NPR's Eric Westervelt asks Alec MacGillis, author of The Cynic: The Political Education of Mitch McConnell, what their leadership might look like.
ERIC WESTERVELT, HOST:
Gridlock has become synonymous with Washington politics. So when Republican Senator Mitch McConnell takes on their dream job as Senate majority leader in a few days, they may have a few obstacles to face. Here's Mitch McConnell just after the GOP's big victory in the midterm elections on the potential for compromise with President Obama.
(SOUNDBITE OF SPEECH)
SENATOR MITCH MCCONNELL: We're going to function. We are. We're going to pass legislation; some of it, they may not like. But we're going to function.
WESTERVELT: Political reporter Alec MacGillis is here to help us get a better understanding of Kentucky's longest-serving senator and their challenges ahead leading the Senate. MacGillis is author of "The Cynic: The Political Education Of Mitch McConnell." They say McConnell is not your typical southern senator.
ALEC MACGILLIS: He's just not a natural politician, certainly not the kind of politician that usually does well in the Upland South, where he's from. That part of the country produces real sort of storytellers. And he's just not that type it all.
They have done it by being incredibly single-minded about winning elections and just focusing on winning elections above everything else, really. He's also been incredibly good at raising money so he's made that their main issue in Washington; maintaining the status quo when it comes to campaign finance report and fighting against any new restrictions in that area.
WESTERVELT: Many Americans look at Washington and see gridlock and dysfunction. From what you know of Senator McConnell, I mean, what are the prospects of the new majority leader and President Obama actually finding common ground, working together constructively and compromising to get things done?
MACGILLIS: Their central sort of strategy these last couple years - their central insight, which was a very shrewd and you might say cynical insight, was that if they could really bog things down in Washington, that would hurt the Democrats and President Obama more even if it was McConnell and the Republicans who were doing most of the obstructing and bogging down.
So that was just their insight. That if they could bog things down, it'll help the Republicans in the midterm elections. And that happened both in 2010 and then just now in 2014. The question now looking forward is whether they change that calculus. When they look ahead to 2016, do they think that the Republicans actually need to change tax and start actually trying to get some things past, that maybe the obstruction is no longer more politically shrewd strategy for the next election. That maybe they feel like they actually have to get some stuff done.
WESTERVELT: What if some of the more conservative Tea Party members of their own party want to continue to push the obstructionist path? I mean, what's their relationship like with the GOP Senators he'll be leading?
MACGILLIS: It's a very fraught relationship, and it's something he's had to wrestle with these last couple years - senators like Ted Cruz and, before him, Jim DeMint. In a way, though, they were very adept at using those senators, that sort of far right wing of their caucus, to their advantage. They could point to these folks and say, in their negotiations with the White House on the various fiscal cliffs and debt ceiling crises that we faced, they could point to them and say, look, if you don't give me what we want, you better watch out because these guys here really could take us over the cliff.
Now that he's actually the majority leader, they feel somewhat more responsibility for maintaining a certain, you know, sense of order and government functioning.
WESTERVELT: After a recent dust up with two Tea Party members, McConnell said there are two kinds of people in politics - those who want to make a point and those who want to make a difference. Do you think he's lived up to that motto in their career?
MACGILLIS: No, until now, they have not. McConnell, more than anyone else really in prominence in Washington, has come to represent what is this mindset that has taken over Washington in both parties and also in the media, which is this permanent campaign mindset where it's always - it's all about winning that next election, winning that next cycle.
I asked a lot of people in reporting the book, including a lot of allies of their - Republicans in Kentucky and Washington - so what do you think it is that Senator McConnell really, really cares about? What's it been about all these years? What's it all been for - all of these elections, all this campaigning? And they had a very hard time answering that question.
WESTERVELT: What major legislation do you see the senator pushing for when the new congressional year starts?
MACGILLIS: You're of course going to have a big fight on immigration. There's going to be some Republicans pushing to pass their own immigration legislation to sort of cancel out President Obama's executive order. It's going to be very interesting to see how McConnell handles that because immigration has been a very good example of an issue where he's been reluctant to put themselves out there and take a stand. They - even back when President Bush was in office and was pushing immigration reform, Senator McConnell took a backseat in that debate. So this is an issue that he's been very, very wary of that they see as a political loser in Kentucky.
The other key thing to watch will be how they handle the new regulations on carbon emissions. He, you know, of course comes from a state that relies quite a bit on coal and the coal industry. And he's spoken a lot about trying to, basically, annul the regulations that Obama's put out on carbon emissions from existing coal plants, which is the big issue when it comes to climate change. So you're going to see them trying to knock down those rules in various big budget bills.
WESTERVELT: And they know those rules, and he's been a master of them in their career.
MACGILLIS: Exactly, and now they have the chance to finally sort of put that mastery of the rules into practice as the actual majority leader.
WESTERVELT: Alec MacGillis is author of "The Cynic: The Political Education Of Mitch McConnell." Thanks a lot for speaking with us.
MACGILLIS: Thank you.
Copyright © 2015 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
View all posts by: DS Team
GT Spirit announced the 1:18 Porsche 964 RWB back in June, and DiecastSociety.com was the first to provide feedback about the model: it required MORE DISH! It was obvious that the wheel offset wasn't quite on point. In true GT Spirit form, they went back to the drawing board and revised the model. Though it still isn't perfect, it's a good testament to their on-going passion and I give them kudos for listening to their customers. This piece will be a massive hit! Thank you, GT Spirit!
News By Brand | A-Z News By Brand | A-Z Select Category ACME Trading Co. AGU Models aiQ Scale Models Almost Real Amalgam Apex Replicas Auto World Auto-Customed Model AUTOart AutoBarn AUTOCRAFT AutoCult Models | Avenue43 Automodello BBR | Blue Moon 18 | CONCEPT 18 Bburago | Plus | Signature Biante BM Creations | Volcanic BoS Brumm China Model Classic Carlectables Classic Model Cars (CMC) Classic Model Replicars (CMR) CMF CSM Cult Scale Models Davis & Giovanni Diecast Masters DNA Collectibles Dorlop Dream Walkers Ebbro ENGUP Exoto | Motorbox Fronti-Art | AvanStyle | SophiArt FuelMe Models Fujimi FX Models GMP Great Lighting Models (GLM) GreenLight Collectibles GT Spirit Herpa High Performance Diecast Highway 61 Hobby Japan HobbyDesign Hot Wheels | Elite Ignition Model Ilario INNO Models | INNO64 iScale IST Models IXO Models Jada Toys JCollection Keng Fai Toys Kess Kingston Model Kingstone KK Scale Kyosho | HEADLINER | OUSIA | Samurai La Mini Miniera Laudoracing-Models LCD Model LeGrand Liberty Walk LB Performance Looksmart LS Collectibles Lucky Diecast | Road Signature Maisto | Exclusive Make Up | Eidolon Collection | IDEA | Vision Mark43 Matrix Scale Models | 12 Art Metal 18 Minichamps | MaXichamps MINIKRAFT Model 777 Model Car Group (MCG) MotorHelix Motormax MR Collection Models NEO Norev NZG Models One Model Ltd. OttOmobile Paragon Models Paudi Peako | JP Hobby Pocher Precision Collection Premium ClassiXXs Premium-X Quartzo R.A.R.E. Models Real Art Replicas (RAR) Replicarz Revell Schuco Solido Soul Models Spark | Bizarre Sponsor News Sun Star T.R.L. Models Tarmac Works Tecnomodel | Mythos TOP Marques | GP Replicas Trax Triple 9 TSM | MINI GT | TopSpeed Tunning Auto Model Uncategorized Unicat ModelCars Vitesse Website Updates Welly | FX Models | GTAutos | NEX WhiteBox
Advertisement
Polls WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE BRAND? ACME
Almost Real
AUTOart
BBR
Bburago/Maisto
Classic Model Cars (CMC)
GT Spirit/OttOmobile
MR Collection/Looksmart
Make Up
Minichamps
Schuco
Spark
Other
Norev View Results Loading ... Loading ...
News Archives Select Month February 2019 (78) January 2019 (100) December 2018 (113) November 2018 (122) October 2018 (101) September 2018 (106) August 2018 (114) July 2018 (90) June 2018 (96) May 2018 (99) April 2018 (95) March 2018 (94) February 2018 (103) January 2018 (147) December 2017 (115) November 2017 (120) October 2017 (113) September 2017 (122) August 2017 (87) July 2017 (101) June 2017 (100) May 2017 (117) April 2017 (85) March 2017 (149) February 2017 (99) January 2017 (128) December 2016 (97) November 2016 (95) October 2016 (84) September 2016 (93) August 2016 (81) July 2016 (103) June 2016 (88) May 2016 (96) April 2016 (86) March 2016 (89) February 2016 (71) January 2016 (78) December 2015 (84) November 2015 (69) October 2015 (76) September 2015 (63) August 2015 (55) July 2015 (82) June 2015 (63) May 2015 (78) April 2015 (52) March 2015 (54) February 2015 (62) January 2015 (92) December 2014 (7) November 2014 (2) October 2014 (9) September 2014 (6) August 2014 (5) July 2014 (4) June 2014 (4) May 2014 (3) April 2014 (5) March 2014 (6) February 2014 (6) January 2014 (3) December 2013 (9) November 2013 (3) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (6) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (4) June 2013 (3) May 2013 (4) April 2013 (7) March 2013 (14) February 2013 (5) January 2013 (4) December 2012 (5) November 2012 (6)
New Russia Special Counsel Has Yet to Undergo Conflicts Check
Enlarge this image toggle caption Evan Vucci/AP Evan Vucci/AP
On Wednesday afternoon, the Justice Department selected Robert Mueller III as special counsel to investigate any links or coordination the Trump campaign had with Russia as part of that country's effort to interfere in last year's presidential election.
"Special Counsel Mueller has agreed to resign from their private law firm in order to avoid any conflicts of interest with firm clients or attorneys," a Justice Department statement noted.
It so happens that Mueller had been working at WilmerHale, which represents former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort, the president's daughter Ivanka Trump and Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner — people who might be witnesses, or more, in the course of Mueller's high-profile investigation.
That turn of events has got people asking whether Mueller's previous role poses conflicts for their current one. So NPR consulted with ethics experts to get their take.
First, the legal ethics. A spokesperson at WilmerHale told NPR that Mueller "had no role whatsoever in the representation of any client in connection with the Russia inquiry, and they have no confidential information with respect to such matters." Same goes for Aaron Zebley, who was one of Mueller's top aides, and James Quarles, another WilmerHale partner joining Mueller's special counsel team, the law firm spokesperson said.
To Stephen Gillers, a professor of legal ethics at New York University School of Law, the inquiry ends there.
"If they were not involved in the representation at all, then there's no problem," Gillers said. "Once they leaf the firm, he's purged from any conflicts the firm had."
Next, there are government ethics rules. Under those rules, a government employee needs to consider whether a reasonable person could question their or their impartiality because of a "covered relationship" with an organization, where that organization represents a party in a case or an investigation. "Then," the rules say, according to Washington University School of Law Professor Kathleen Clark, "don't participate unless a designee in an agency makes an independent determination" that it passes muster.
Reached Thursday, the Justice Department had no immediate comment on whom, if anyone, conducted that analysis: Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein; Assistant Attorney General Lee Lofthus, who runs the unit that handles administration of the Justice Department; or someone else.
Sarah Isgur Flores, a Justice spokesperson, said according to their read of the special counsel regulations, counsels undergo "appropriate" background and conflicts-of-interest checks after an appointment is made. That review did not appear to be complete as of late this week.
As long as someone inside the department makes that determination, Professor Clark said, they foresaw few problems with the new assignment for Mueller.
"The impartiality regulation has within it, flexibility," Clark said. "It would be a shame if someone of Mr. Mueller's independence were prevented from taking the job because of a rigid interpretation of a rule. The government's need for their services is rather extreme at this point."
The following blog post, unless otherwise noted, was written by a member of Gamasutras community.
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company.
Introduction
It seems like some game character designers, not having to deal with physical items or the dangers of real battle, don't quite grasp some of the basics of functional armor design. Therefore, I present you with this is a crash course. If you have any interest what so ever in having armor in your game that at least isn't obviously impossible or dangerous to wear, I hope you will find the guide helpful.
Before I start, I would like to point out that of course I understand why you would want to design cool and sexy armor with distinctive silhouettes – and by all means, continue. Not all armor needs to be realistic. I'd also like to point out that many of the mentioned games below are personal favorites. Parts of the character design having room for improvement does by no means make the games themselves less good.
Why armor?
So, why would a person choose to wear large amount of metal and leather on their bodies, if they are not going to a heavy metal concert? Well, most likely a person wearing armor expects to end up in a battle within the near future and does not wish to get injured or killed while in it. They expect the armor to hinder sharp object from entering their body and soften the blow of blunt objects that would otherwise threaten to for example break their bones. The heavier impact of the weapons and intensity of battle you expect, the heavier your armor should be. For example, a knight expecting lances to be pointed at them or them would do well to look at tin cans for inspiration, whereas longbowmen more or less could enter the battlefield in their pajamas.
Properties of metal
Weight
Just to make sure we are on the same page right from the beginning, I would just like to point out a few things. Metal, at least in our world, is heavy. Steel weighs about 8 g/cm3, which means that a 3 mm thick sheet of steel weighs in at 26 kg per m2. This might not tell you a lot, but let's just agree that a lot of steel strapped to your body is heavier than a little bit of steel strapped to your body. Carrying heavy things makes you slower, forcing you to use more power when fighting and making it harder to counter swift attacks.
Let's look at the armor of Sarevok from Baldur's Gate (BioWare, 1998). They certainly look badass, which is nice. Another nice thing, however, is surviving. Those spikes are not going to kill anyone unless they have a very unconventional fighting style, meaning they will only make their armor heavier. Sure, people might think twice before even entering a fight with this guy – but if they decide to try their luck, Sarevok would find themselves with easily ten kilograms of excess ballast just from the spikes. Back to the drawing board, Sarevok.
Hardness
I doubt I need to remind you that metal is a rigid material while in its solid state – which is the state you want it to be in when you put it close to your mortal body. This means that a harness does not really move with the upper body. Making this look good is most likely enough to give an animator a migraine, but it's worth keeping in mind.
A Worgen of World of Warcraft (Blizzard Entertainment, 2004).
Price
Another thing you may want to remember is that metal isn't cheap. While noble knights might wear fitted full plate, the less fortunate would most likely have to settle for something simpler. If your lord demands taxes and the storehouse needs to get filled for winter, you are not likely to invest in a suit fo armor. Consider this when outfitting your characters.
Critical areas of the body
Since the purpose of your armor is to protect you, I would also like to establish which areas of the body you would make sure to cover when going into battle. To begin with, you really, really should try not to get a sword lunged into your face. Of course you want to show all the nice lip sync and hair physics you put in your game, but no soldier who uses their head would go into battle without protecting it with a helmet.
The neck contains things that are really helpful if you enjoy breathing and pumping blood to your brain, and the heart, while already protected by a ribcage, is vital for keeping even the most heartless person alive. The heart can be reached not only from the front and back, but also from the sides. The armpits are therefore two more areas you really should try and cover as much as possible. Apart from this, the stomach is easy to hit and holds all sorts of stuff you need in order to not die. The groin is a good way to access the stomach from certain angles, and also holds a lot of blood. Note: The groin and the armpits are notoriously hard to protect due to their position on the body, especially if the enemy comes up close with a ballock dagger – but you should at least try.
The rest of the body in nice to keep intact as well – especially areas with large blood vessels going through them. However, a wound in for example the leg, while likely to get you into a bad position or in a worst-case scenario severe enough to lead to an amputation, is less likely to kill you instantly.
Purpose
Now that we have sorted out that, let's get to business. The first thing I would like you to consider is what the purpose of the armor you are designing is. Who is the person wearing it? Are they or they poor or wealthy, fond of stabbing people in the back or of using a claymore, a lowborn or a knight? What armor makes sense for a person like that to wear?
To show you what I mean, I would like you to look at my first example armor. This is Leliana from the Dragon Age series, clad in their armor from Inquisition (BioWare, 2014).
Let's consider who Leliana is.  They are a spymaster, and as such, one would expect them to be a person who moves about in the shadows. Even if they don't do all the sneaking herself, their armor and clothes should indicate their choice of career (or not, if they want to be truly sneaky). And indeed, the hood and mail do the trick. Fashionable as well as practical, they make a decent armor for a lady of their profession and rank. The problem, in this case, is further down. Of all places to wear heavy armor if you want to be able to move about without anyone noticing you, the feet is most likely the worst. Imagine trying to jump on someone while wearing skiing boots. Made of steel. Precisely. If you want to be sneaky, don't wear heavy armor. If you want to wear heavy armor, choose parts that actually protect your vital body parts.
Use out of battle
Believe it or not, even professional warriors will spend most of their time out of battle. This may not apply to your average game protagonist, but certainly anyone who actually gets tired after a few hours of running and hitting things. Before and after a battle, you would most likely cram together with your fellow soldiers in camp, and let's just say that spikes on your armor will make people not want to sit next to you at dinner. You might also find it harder to get a squire who's suicidal enough to put the armor on you as well. In fact, just finding someone who's willing to fight alongside you might prove difficult, since you are more likely to be shoulder-to-shoulder with a friend than a foe on the battlefield. Since game characters have a tendency to only have one outfit, they also have to deal with the weight of their armor not only while fighting, but also while walking for eight hours. Worth remembering, however, is that you would likely remove your armor and walk around in common clothes when for example marching, or moving about in a friendly city or castle.
“Sure, Bob, your armor looks sweet – but that spike is kind of piercing my kneecap.” (Monster Hunter, Capcom, 2004)
Getting armor on and off
Speaking of squires – I would find it wonderful if a game would make use of the fact that a suit of armor takes a long time to put on in its narrative. While you don't want to waste the players' time with hours of putting on and taking off armor parts, you could use it to create suspense: The friend was gone so the hero didn't have time to put on a harness before the camp was attacked *gasp*. The full plate armor of a knight is hard to get on without someone to help you, which means that you probably won't go for one if you don't have servants, or helpful friends with a lot of spare time. Mail is easier but still forces you to strike interesting poses, as shown in this wonderful illustration from a medieval manuscript.
Deflection, not direction
Example armor from Guild Wars II (ArenaNet, 2012).
Let's go back to the topic of spiked armor. Apart from giving you +2 on pissing off the people you fight alongside, the spikes can actually make the armor more dangerous to the wearer than it would be without. As mentioned earlier, one of your armor's purposes is to deflect weapons so that they slide off your body without doing any damage. Look at the picture above. In this case, a spike would actually catch the blade and direct it towards your arm rather than off it, greatly increasing the risk of wounds on what is the preferred hand for 70-90% of the population. This sounds like a pretty bad idea, in my opinion.
Boobs are soft
Okay, let's get to the topic of breasts. Some of you may have touched one. If so, you might have noticed that they are usually quite soft. This means that they will take no damage if temporarily stuffed into a harness. If they had, a few hundred years of fashion featuring corsets would have ruined generations of innocent breasts. This means that so-called Boob Armor, this being plate armor with bulges for the breasts, is totally unnecessary. In fact, it is more dangerous than a regular harness. As mentioned above, you want to guide the blade off your body – not towards, you know, your heart.
Suggestion: Choose the left option (that woman wins swordfights). Armor to the right from Skyrim (Bethesta Game Studios 2011).
Bare skin
Now, let's examine the armor of the Night Elf above (World of Warcraft, Blizzard Entertainment, 2004). If I wanted to kill this lady, I would most likely try to thrust my sword into their face, neck, chest, stomach, or possibly groin. Of these, only the latter is protected what so ever. I do appreciate their attempt to protect their legs – which I do admit is a good idea if you plan to kick people repeatedly our counter kicks with your own legs – and the outside of their arms. The lower arm will after all be one of the parts closest to your enemy in melee combat. Still, I have to point this out:
Tight armor and layers
Looking at the Demon Hunter (Diablo III, Blizzard Etertainment, 2012) above, you will notice that while their shoulder pads and scarf increase in size with their armor level, their waistline does not. In this case, it looks like they keep wearing only some sort of leather corset to protect their stomach, while strapping on enough excess metal on the rest of their body to build a spare suit of armor. Honestly, I would have advised them to trade the sexy female silhouette for actual protection. This would mean adding for example a gambeson and maybe also a mail under the harness, which would make their waistline several inches thicker.
This Tumblrer, while most likely not having this in mind while drawing the images (I'll spare you the last two in the series), shows roughly how Commander Cullen's (Dragon Age: Inquisition, BioWare, 2014) armor could look layer-by-layer. While you would most likely want the layer that looks like leather here to be padded to soften incoming blows, and the harness probably is too tight to actually move around in, it shows quite well how layers are put upon layers in heavy armor. This sadly means that you'll have to choose between looking like an hourglass and surviving while fighting.
High heels
Speaking of the Demon Hunter... Have you ever seen a person in high heels run? Do modern female soldiers wear pumps? If your answers are yes and no in that order, I am pretty sure that you can figure out what I'm getting at here. If not, I do wonder who you are and where you are from. We have already established that the purpose of armor is to protect the wearer and also that not dying is nice. With this in mind, I am willing to bet that most women are ready to give up having a nice posture for a few hours if this means that they can actually move around properly and decrease the risk of getting maimed by their opponents. This means that no woman with any sort of self-preservation would ever go into battle in high heels. If you want to design a character who's a fashion victim to the extent that they would literally rather die than wear flats, be my guest. Just please don't put them on otherwise sensible women. It simply makes no sense. Oh and that's Fran from Final Fantasy XII (Square Enix, 2006) to the left.
One place where it could make sense for a lady to wear high heels is if they were to ride a horse, since some suggest that heels were originally designed for this purpose. However, this has hardly been common practice historically.
Bullets? Skip heavy armor
Finally, just like cannons once made hiding away in your castle ineffective, increasingly efficient guns make heavy plate armor less and less useful. Why would you strap 30 kg of armor to yourself into battle when you know that a single bullet could pierce it and kill you anyway? Long story short, better and better guns on the battlefields of history meant that soldiers started wearing uniforms rather than armor made of metal, since you might as well increase your agility when armor doesn't help you anyway.
To the left: armor from Pillars of Eternity (Obsidian Entertainment, 2015).
Conclusion
You have all the artistic freedom in the world when you create your characters – but if you want to design realistic armor, start by considering why the person chose it in the first place. Few people do things “just because” – especially when their life is on the line. You have to be pretty damn confident in your own fighting skills if you don't think you need any sort of protection in melee battle.
Thinking about launching your own branded line of cannabis products in Washington State? You are not alone. In fact, you would be joining hundreds of enterprising firms that have entered the market since legalization in 2014. Data gathered during our most recent survey of online menus of nearly 300 Washington dispensaries reveal over 360 manufacturers and over 640 product lines available to consumers throughout the state – a startling indicator of the market's vitality. Especially when compared with surveys conducted early last year that detected fewer than 150 unique product lines, these numbers are an exciting insight into the evolution of the industry just over the past year, though certainly signal increasing competition in the space.
A BOOM IN BRANDED GOODS
Let's break down the numbers. Our most recent survey of online menus detected products from 369 different manufacturers and processors. In terms of product lines (for example, distinguishing the edibles and concentrates of a single manufacturer as different product lines), we found 645 unique brands. This represents a nearly 300% increase in the number of branded products available to the Washington consumer over the course of roughly one year. It's clear that the industry in Washington is quickly adapting to meet the needs of its diverse customer base.
EDIBLES AND CONCENTRATES DRIVE BRAND GROWTH
What's also interesting and hints at future market trends is that while edibles and concentrates currently make up only a third of statewide marijuana sales, together they account for almost 60% of the state's brands. Concentrates such as shatter, wax, and oils account for 31% of product lines, and infused drinks and edibles for just under 28%. It's also worth pointing out that topicals, tinctures, pills, and other niche products make up 22% of all unique brands, despite making up only a tiny fraction of market sales. This shows that Washington processors have made tremendous progress in developing tailored, targeted products for the market's numerous niches.
EVERGREEN, MAGIC KITCHEN, AND ZOOTS LEAD THE PACK
Our data also reveal the brands the strongest distribution statewide. Leading the pack is Evergreen Herbal, found at 138 retail outlets. Closely following are Magic Kitchen and Zoots, which were found at 87 and 86 outlets, respectively. On average, products were found at roughly 20 outlets, though many were also exclusive to only a handful of locations in certain areas of the state.
What does this explosive growth in the number of available brands mean? While the market is still young it is growing fast and increasing numbers of entrepreneurs are seeking to capitalize on consumer demand for all types of infused marijuana products, from brownies and chocolate to waxes, vape pens, and even lip balm. This diversification of products available to consumers is expected to continue as the market matures, as is price segmentation and increased competition. As entrepreneurs enter an increasingly crowded space, they will need to employ highly strategic product development, branding, marketing and distribution plans in order to be successful in the space.
In late January, it was announced that two Las Vegas properties, The D Las Vegas Hotel and the Golden Gate Hotel & Casino would be accepting bitcoin.
“I'm proud that The D and Golden Gate will be the first casino properties to accept Bitcoin,” said co-founder and CEO of the two properties, Derek Stevens when it was announced. “We're located in the growing high-tech sector of downtown Las Vegas, and like all things downtown, we're quickly adaptive to new technology. The timing is right for us to launch this initiative, and I'm happy to be able to offer this to our customers.”
As it turns out, the two properties are “pleased” with the response from the bitcoin community in the days since.
“So far, we've been pleased with the level of interest,” said a spokesperson on behalf of Mr. Stevens to newsBTC. “We really weren't sure what to expect but the number of transactions for the hotel and the restaurants has been very positive.”
Specific sales numbers were not provided when we inquired.
While customer's aren't able to spend bitcoin on the tables or at slot machines, than can spend it in bars and restaurants on the properties, and can also use bitcoin for lodging at either of the hotels.
A match made in an Elvis-themed Vegas wedding chapel?
Both The D and the Golden Gate have made history by being the first to accept bitcoin on the strip, but what example could they set to some other neighboring properties? Further, could gambling in Vegas be a killer app for bitcoin?
There's not a simple answer to that at the moment. Time will tell. For now though, if you're looking to spend bitcoin in Vegas, you at least have some options.
The 911 tape from a DHS worker calling for sheriff's help at the Duggar home has been released. This is a 911 call made from the Duggar family home in May.
Here is the phone call transcribed:
911: County 911
Caller: This is LaTroy with the County DHS office and We need police assistance for an investigation of a home.
911: OK Is it an emergency?
Caller: No M'am
911: Ok Where are you at?
Caller: I'm on ***.
911: What's your name?
Caller: LaTroy Wakefield
911: And you're with ?
Caller: Washington County DHS Office
911: What's your phone number?
Caller: It's ***
911: What do you need?
Caller: Just police assistance we have an investigation on a child we want to make sure they were safe and the security guy here won't let us in to see the child.
911: Is there a reason you called 911?
Caller: I called Springdale and they forwarded me to you guys.
911: Did you call 911? Did you not have their regular phone number? What kind of vehicle are you in?
Caller: I'm in a Black Escalade.
And you're there now?
911: Ok I'll let my Tonitown officer know.
The Indian music industry's big names like Sonu Niigam, Salim-Sulaiman and DJ Lloyd revealed the first look of the what one can expect at BollyBoom, the world's first Bollywood electro-music festival to be held on November 24 in New Delhi.
Initiated by Percept Live in association with Talat Aziz and other musicians, BollyBoom is a first-of-its-kind festival which will see live performances by Sonu Nigam, Salim-Sulaiman, Shaan and DJ Llyod, along with others. It will also introduce a new genre called Bollywood Electro Music, which is a fusion of Bollywood music and electronic sounds.
Talking about the need of such a fest, Salim who, along with Sulaiman, performed some of their popular Bollywood numbers infused with electronic sound, said, “Indians have begun dancing to a different frequency and It's time we create that with our own flavour.”
Sonu Niigam, who also gave us a glimpse of their work for the festival, said, “There will be an infusion of electronic beats that promise to take Bollywood music to another level.”
While New Delhi will be the first venue, the festival will extend to other cities in the country and the world. “We are going to extend this experience to everyone...We plan to cover Chandigarh, Jaipur, Ahmedabad, Nagpur and Pune and summer will see BollyBoom go overseas,” said Manuj Agarwal, CEO of Percept Live.
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Sixty-two rebel fighters were killed in a Syrian army ambush at dawn on Wednesday near the town of Adra, east of Damascus, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring group opposed to President Bashar al-Assad, said.
The state news agency SANA did not give a death toll for the ambush but said the rebels were from the al Qaeda-linked al-Nusra Front. It said all the rebels were killed and machineguns and rocket-propelled grenades confiscated.
SANA said the “terrorists” included non-Syrians and the Observatory said that eight rebels were still unaccounted for after the attack, which happened west of an industrial area east of Adra.
Assad's forces have been on the offensive around Damascus after rebels pushed into towns and suburbs on the outskirts of the capital last year. Adra is in the Eastern Ghouta region, which has been besieged by the army for months.
More than 100,000 people have died in Syria's civil war and millions have been displaced. Protesters took to the streets in March 2011 to call for democratic reforms but were fired on by security forces, leading to an armed uprising.
The army has made efforts to secure the capital and its links to the western coast while the rebels have overrun much of the north and east.
Despite the NHL season seeming like it ended a few weeks ago, hockey makes its not-so-long awaited return on Wednesday night. The sport's barely-existent offseason got us thinking about which sports have the shortest and longest breaks between play. So, we counted the days from the final date of each major sport's last postseason game to the accepted beginning of their newest season (ex., baseball games in Australian don't count). The numbers were somewhat surprising. Here are the lengths of each offseason in major sports, starting with the longest.
NCAA football: 235 days
BCS championship: Jan. 6, 2014
Opening night: Aug. 28, 2014
Percent of year the sport is active: 37%
That the longest offseason belongs to college football was a surprise, at least based on an informal poll of FTW staffers. It makes perfect sense though: College football ends just after the new year, then goes through a long period of inactivity, minus some headlines for recruiting, spring games and whatever academic scandal is going on at UNC. Frankly, given that there's no mass national coverage of preseason training nor any preseason games, the NCAA's “real” offseason is probably a good two months longer than the NFL.
NCAA basketball: 222 days
NCAA final: Apr. 7, 2014
Opening night: Nov. 14, 2014
Percent of year the sport is active: 39%
This was the one I expected to be longest, maybe because college basketball simply disappears from April to November. Unless you're dialed in to the goings on at your alma mater or with your favorite team, you could realistically go a solid seven months without thinking about college basketball.
NFL: 215 days
Super Bowl: Feb. 2, 2014
Opening night: Sept. 4, 2014
Percent of year the sport is active: 41%
The college basketball offseason is a week longer than the NFL's, but it might as well be an eternity longer. The NFL never leaves the news cycle. After the Super Bowl, it's the combine. After the combine, it's free agency. After free agency, it's the build-up to the draft. Other than a brief break just before the start of training camp, it's basically all NFL all the time. Those 215 days between games feel like forever, but there's plenty to fill in the gaps.
MLB: 152 days
Game 6 of World Series: Oct. 30, 2013
Opening day: March 20, 2014
Percent of year the sport is active: 58%
If the NFL's offseason feels too long and other those of other sports feel too short, baseball is Goldilocks: just right. Baseball is never played at a ridiculous time of year (cough, hockey, cough). Its ending symbolizes the start of winter and its start brings upon the introduction of spring.
NBA: 136 days
Game 5 of NBA Finals: June 15, 2014
Opening night: Oct. 28, 2014
Percent of year the sport is active: 63%
I'd have guessed the NBA's offseason was far shorter than baseball's, but turns out it's just 16 days. When you factor that baseball plays twice as many regular games, it's even more surprising and yet another sign that the NBA playoffs go … on … forever. For casual fans, the NBA starts at Christmas anyway.
NHL: 118 days
Game 5 of Stanley Cup Finals: June 13, 2014
Opening night: Oct. 8, 2014
Percent of year the sport is active: 68%
Hockey begins when the leaves haven't changed colors, then ends when school is out and swimming pools are open. Everyone sees a problem with this, except the NHL, which still stretches its season longer than AMC did to the final years of Breaking Bad and Mad Men. Of the major American team sports, the NHL does indeed have the shortest offseason. Some individual sports, however, make the NHL's offseasons seem like forever-ever.
NASCAR: 95 days
Final race: Nov. 13, 2013
Opening race: Feb. 15, 2014
Percent of year the sport is active: 75%
Maybe it's just me, but that's far too many weekends of turning left. Exclusivity is always a powerful draw. NASCAR, and the sports that follow, would be wise to remember that.
ATP Tour: 51 days
ATP World Tour Finals final: Nov. 16, 2014
First match: Jan. 5, 2015
Percent of year the sport is active: 86%
The tennis calendar is a little different than others, in that players often take breaks of multiple weeks throughout the year. (Roger Federer, for instance, played on Wednesday. It was their first match since their U.S. Open ended at the beginning of September.) Still, the offseason is far too short, especially when players frequently go on money-making tours of countries the ATP schedule ignores.
PGA Tour: 26 days
Final round: Sept. 14, 2014
First tournament: Oct. 9, 2014
Percent of year the sport is active: 93%
Those aren't typos. For reasons known, but still not intelligent, the 2015 PGA season begins Thursday in California, less than one month after Billy Horschel closed out the 2014 season with a win in Atlanta. That's just a 26-day break! When your sport's offseason is shorter than a college kid's winter break, there's something fundamentally amiss.
The earlier beginning to next season was borne out of the PGA trying to make the FedEx Cup playoffs into a marquee event. That meant ending the season earlier, which left the fall events in limbo. So, instead of making these next two months a meaningless extension of the 2014 season, they're a mostly meaningless beginning to the 2015 season. Overall, there's not much harm done. Lesser players get a chance to earn rankings points and win tournaments, while the big boys relax and prepare for the real start of the season in mid-winter. It's the same as tennis: Golfers are independent contractors and take off when they want. Still, it's a little odd when the 2014 Euro Tour season ends 46 days after the PGA begins its 2015 season.
An illustration demonstrating Nissan's All-Around Collision Free prototype safety technology, incorporating two all-new technologies – Side Collision Prevention (SCP) and Back-up Collision Prevention (BCP) in an image released August 5, 2008. REUTERS/Nissan/Handout
YOKOSUKA, Japan (Reuters) - Nissan Motor Co (7201.T) previewed on Wednesday new safety technology that goes beyond a warning beep if drivers veer into the path of danger, and actively tries to pull the car in the direction of safety.
A car installed with the brake-resistance device would try to deter the driver from changing lanes, for example, if it detected a car zooming up from behind in the motorist's blind spot, Nissan said.
Motorists can still override the deterrence in an emergency but a test drive in a car fitted with the feature on Wednesday prompted the brakes to vibrate when danger was detected — leaving little doubt about what the car thought was safe.
“Ultimately, we want the driver to have the final control,” an engineer said at an annual safety product demonstration at its Oppama facility in Yokosuka, near Tokyo.
Nissan has set a goal of halving fatalities and serious injuries involving its vehicles by 2015, compared with 20 years earlier, and ultimately preventing them all together.
Some Nissan cars already have a safety feature that helps distracted drivers stay inside a lane or keep a safe distance from the car in front with visual and audible warnings as part of what the company describes as a “virtual bumper” concept.
Nissan said it wanted to expand that concept to preventing side and rear collisions, along with the new brake-resistance device that could be introduced in some luxury models soon.
The car company, Japan's third-biggest, is also working on a system to protect pedestrians, using anonymous global positioning system (GPS) signals from mobile phones to alert motorists to their presence.
A measure that would treat electronic cigarettes the same as tobacco under state regulations cleared a key Senate panel Monday, and heads next to the floor where, if passed, could clash with less stringent House language.
The Minnesota Senate Finance Committee passed the measure. It now returns to the Senate floor.
The bill restricts the use of the devices, usually filled with flavored nicotine, which are growing in popularity. In Minnesota, more than 80 percent of the state's 200 e-cigarette retailers have popped up in the last year. Proponents of “vaping,” as its commonly referred, say it's a safe alternative to smoking.
But Sen. Kathy Sheran, DFL-Mankato, who sponsored the bill, maintained there's not enough research to prove secondhand vapors from the products are safe. Sheran's bill would include e-cigarettes as tobacco under the Clean Indoor Air Act, banning their use indoors and in public spaces, and banning the sale of e-cigarettes and smokeless devices to those under age 18.
A House version of the bill sponsored by Rep. Laurie Halverson, DFL-Eagan, which restricts use only in state-owned buildings and schools. Both bills ban sales to children under 18. The House bill could be debated this week.
The injury to Michael Jennings is nowhere near as bad as The Mole et al first speculated. And everyone can collectively breathe a huge sigh of fucking relief.
According to the Roosters:
… Medical Staff have this afternoon informed us that scans have today confirmed that centre Michael Jennings has sustained a tendon tear of the left lat dorsi.
Surgery is not required for the NSW Blues star however they are expected to be sidelined for 6 weeks, not the remainder of the 2014 Season as reported.
The speedster will now also unfortunately be unavailable for the Blues in Game III of the 2014 State of Origin Series at Suncorp Stadium, as they look to clean-sweep the Maroons.
Thank Christ.
This news means the Roosters will be without Jenko until round 20 against the Knights; or just three games as the Roosters still have two byes (including this weekend) and — as Twitter fiend Ryan “My Way Or The” Heighway just reliably pointed out — a game in which they would have missed thanks to Origin anyway.
Advertisements
Final Fantasy XV's New DLC Episode Is Basically Metal Gear Prompto
By Sato . June 15, 2017 . 12:00am
Final Fantasy XV is getting its latest DLC episode story that revolves around Prompto Argentum in their own story that features a different third-person shooter style of gameplay.
Here's a look at some footage that was showcased via Square Enix Presents at E3 2017. The story takes place in a certain part of Final Fantasy XV when Prompto leaves the group, and this fills the little gap of time from Prompto's perspective.
It features its own different style of gameplay, where Prompto will infiltrate a building and sneak around. While they can shoot enemies down, he'll also get to stealth-takedown enemies Solid Snake-style.
Final Fantasy XV is available on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Episode Prompto launches on June 27, 2017.
Kevin Lamarque / Reuters President Barack Obama speaks about the continuing government shutdown during a news conference from the White House Briefing Room in Washington, October 8, 2013.
In a marathon news conference designed to emphasize the dire consequences of failing to raise the debt ceiling, President Barack Obama upped the pressure on congressional Republicans Tuesday to lift the borrowing cap and reopen the government without conditions or delay.
Democrats, Obama said from the White House briefing room, “have shown more than ample willingness to talk about any issues that the Republicans are concerned about. But we can't do it if the entire basis of the Republican strategy is, ‘we're going to shut down the government or cause economic chaos if we don't get a hundred percent of what we want.' So my suggestion to [House Speaker John Boehner] has been and will continue to be, ‘let's stop the excuses, let's take a vote in the House, let's end this shutdown right now, let's put people back to work.'”
Obama quoted financial experts saying that failure to raise the debt limit is “insane, catastrophic, chaos,” adding, “these are some of the more polite words.” Obama added for the skeptics, “this is real.” If Congress doesn't act, the government will not be able to pay all of its bills beginning Oct. 17, according to the Treasury Department.
(MORE: Obama and Boehner Have a Phone Chat, But No End To Shutdown Impasse)
Speaking for more than an hour and taking questions from 11 reporters, Obama expressed openness to a House Republican proposal to create a new fiscal negotiating committee, in exchange for a short-term agreement to raise the debt limit and reopen government.
“If there's a way to solve this, it has to include reopening the government and saying America is not going to default; it's going to pay our bills,” Obama said, reiterating what has been their position for the past several weeks. “[Republicans] can attach some process to that that gives them some certainty that in fact the things they're concerned about will be topics of negotiation, if my word's not good enough. If they want to specify all the items that they think need to be topic of conversation, happy to do it.”
In a statement after Obama's remarks, Boehner said that Obama will have to budge from their no-negotiating position if they want the government to reopen and the debt limit raised. “The long and short of it is, there is going to be a negotiation here,” they said.
Senate Democrats have come out against the GOP proposal, with Senate Budget Committee Chairwoman Patty Murray saying Tuesday in a statement that “this Republican gimmick is intended to keep two crises going while they again refuse to make any concessions.”
But Obama emphasized that they won't act until Boehner reopens the government, saying “extortion” can't be made “routine.”
“And this is not just for me; it's also for my successors in office,” Obama said. “Whatever party they're from, they shouldn't have to pay a ransom either for Congress doing its basic job. We've got to put a stop to it.”
(MORE: Democrats' Secret Weapon: Ted Cruz)
Obama said that the Treasury Department is “exploring all contingencies” if Congress doesn't act by next Wednesday, the day extraordinary borrowing measures run out and the government is left to pay its bills with only its day-to-day cash. “But let me be clear — no option is good in that scenario,” Obama added. “There is no silver bullet. There is no magic wand that allows us to wish away the chaos that could result if, for the first time in our history, we don't pay our bills on time.”
The president admitted that they are “tempted” to sign House Republicans' piecemeal approaches to reopen narrow swaths of the federal government, which has been partially shutdown for a week now, but said he's decided against it because “if there's no political heat, if there's no television story on it, then nothing happens.”
“You don't do a piecemeal approach like that when you're dealing with a government shutdown, OK,” they said.
Boehner said earlier in the day that it's past time for Obama to negotiate in good faith. The two spoke by phone on Tuesday morning.
“All we're asking for is to sit down and have a conversation,” Boehner said. “There's no reason to make it more difficult to bring people to the table. There are no boundaries here, there's nothing on the table, there's nothing off the table. I'm trying to do everything I can to bring people together and have a conversation.”
“Well, what have we had? 25 hours of public testimony on this,” Assemblyman Chris Birch grumbled into their microphone. “I, you know, it's certainly not the way I intended to spend the summer.”
This was the evening of August 11, 2009. The assembly was preparing to vote on Ordinance 64 – an anti-discrimination ordinance that would have extended legal protection to gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender Anchorage residents.
“We live in a tolerant community,” they told the packed crowd in the assembly chambers below the Loussac library, after an entire summer of special meetings in which hundreds testified for and against the measure. Birch told them that they really needed to reassess their priorities. They said they hadn't heard any evidence of discrimination that warranted a newly protected class. And then they voted against the measure.
Four years later, Chris Birch still sits on the assembly. The bill they voted against passed, but was vetoed by the then-and-now-mayor, Dan Sullivan. A failed ballot measure later, you can still be fired for “the gay” in Anchorage.
Yesterday, an interesting scene unfolded at the Anchorage Chamber of Commerce. Chris Birch was there as always, front and center, when attendants were asked a couple of questions:
“Raise your hand if you know a gay person.”
Mr. Birch's hand went up, along with everyone else in the crowded room at the Dena'ina Center.
“Raise your hand if you don't know a gay person.”
All hands stayed down.
“Okay, great, well then I don't have to introduce myself so that everyone knows a gay person.”
Nervous laughs indicated that Justin Nelson's icebreaker worked. At least a little bit.
Nelson is the president of the National Gay and Lesbian Chamber of Commerce (NLGCC), a non-profit advocacy group dedicated to expanding the economic opportunities and advancements of the LGBT business community. They were invited to speak to the group by Anchorage Chamber of Commerce.
Chamber president, Andrew Halcro, believes their efforts fit neatly in line with the goals of the Anchorage Economic Development Corporation, whose “Live. Work. Play.” initiative seeks to make Anchorage the number one city in America by 2025. This requires both bringing new people in and retaining the people we start out with.
Halcro said that one critical area that the city needed to work on was tolerance. Because excluding an entire minority group doesn't seem like a good plan for economic growth. Especially give the economic power that comes with that minority group.
The U.S. LGBT community represented $790 billion in consumer spending power this year. By the end of next year, that figure is projected to rise to $880 billion. Nelson told the crowd:
If LGBT people had our own country, [which] would be a fabulous country. It would be wonderful, with sunshine and rainbows and unicorns. But we would be the twentieth largest economy in the world. Would you not do business with the twentieth largest economy in the world if it meant increasing your revenues; if it meant increasing your footprint; if it meant finding the right kinds of candidates to come into a job market that continues to have fewer and fewer employees for more and more jobs? I don't think so.
But the people steering the good ship Anchorage, thus far, have disagreed. You can't take advantage of the economic advantages of a minority so long as you espouse exclusive policies that discourage them from buying in.
The average LGBT employee spends between 10 and 25 percent of their or their workweek worrying about being discriminated against or being fired because they're gay or a lesbian…. As a social justice advocate, I find that absolutely horrible. It is horrible. But, as a businessman, I think it's even worse. Because that means that 10 to 25 percent of that employee's productivity is out the window every week, and that impacts my bottom line.
As Justin Nelson spoke, I was reminded of all the Ordinance 64 testimony that belabored this very point. Was Chris Birch listening any closer this time? Or did they still think the conversation was a waste of time? Mayor Sullivan must have – they skipped Monday's meeting altogether.
“Some people say, ‘Well, why do you have to bring your sexual orientation into the office? Who cares?',” Nelson posed as a hypothetical. “I don't have to. But when I can be fired for it, it becomes a little bit of an issue.”
I remembered the story a friend of mine told the assembly back during that Summer of Hate. One fateful night, they were feeling under the weather while stuck at work. Them partner brought some chicken soup. That was the first time their sexual orientation had ever entered the work place. Except, really, it didn't. Chicken soup and a thoughtful delivery entered the workplace. But, whatever. They aren't fired outright; the atmosphere at work grew hostile, and eventually became too much to take. They quit. They didn't out themselves as a lesbian as much as their boss outed themselves as a bit of a wretched person. My friend lost a job they cared about and their employer lost a dedicated employee.
Years later, that still seems like a horribly dumb transaction.
My senators agree. One of them, Lisa Murkowski, delivered a video to today's meeting. They spoke to their support of the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (the national version of Ordinance 64), and reemphasized Halcro and Nelson's prescription for how to make Anchorage the number one city: “So, how do we attract and maintain our best and our brightest? Well, one way is workplace policies that promote positive work environments.”
“The ability to bring to the office your best game and the ability to live free of discrimination; I don't think that these are radical ideas,” Justin Nelson said, concluding their remarks. I don't think it's radical either.
But I also worry that the sentiment falls well short of a plan. As encouraging as it was to hear the Chamber entertain the lecture, that's essentially all they did: entertain it. Tolerate it. There were no appeals for changes in public policy. AEDC's Bill Popp performed rhetorical gymnastics, answering a question about how to encourage the growth of LGBT-run businesses without saying the word “gay.”
Tuesday's Chamber of Commerce “Make It Monday” forum took huge steps, but nowhere in particular. We've identified a path that we should go down; that makes sense to go down, from an economic, social justice, and neighborly standpoint. And it feels like we're starting to flirt with the idea of trying to recognize it, officially, as a destination – somehow, some way, some day. But we haven't really moved beyond the planning stage.
We should.
The Dallas Stars will open the 2016-17 National Hockey League regular season at home on Thursday, Oct.13 against the Anaheim Ducks. The team will then travel to Colorado to kick off its road schedule on Saturday, Oct. 15 against the Colorado Avalanche.
Click here to view the season schedule in calendar form
Click here to view the season schedule in list form
A CLOSER LOOK AT THE 82-GAME SCHEDULE
The Stars are scheduled to play 82 games during the 2016-17 campaign, with 41 contests at home and 41 on the road. Dallas plays in the NHL's Central Division of the Western Conference along with the Chicago Blackhawks, Colorado Avalanche, Minnesota Wild, Nashville Predators, St. Louis Blues and Winnipeg Jets. The Stars will play a total of 29 games against their division foes, with 14 games taking place at home and 15 on the road.
The majority of the team's weeknight home games are currently scheduled to start at 7:30 pm, however times are subject to change to accommodate television broadcast needs when necessary.
The home portion of the schedule features 16 weekend contests (4 Friday, 11 Saturday, 1 Sunday).
Dallas' longest homestand of the season is six games, which will take place from Jan. 21 - Feb. 4. The Stars open the homestand against the Washington Capitals (Jan. 21), followed by the Minnesota Wild (Jan. 24), Buffalo Sabres (Jan. 26), and Toronto Maple Leafs (Jan. 31). The six-game homestand concludes with matchups against Central Division rivals, facing the Winnipeg Jets (Feb. 2) and Chicago Blackhawks (Feb. 4). Six-straight contests in Dallas marks the team's longest homestand since the 2010-11 season when the club had six consecutive games at American Airlines Center from Oct. 23 - Nov. 5, 2010.
Dallas has two five-game road trips during the 2016-17 campaign from Nov. 6 - Nov. 13 and March 26 - April 2.
The Stars conclude the road portion of their season on Sunday, April 2 at Tampa Bay, and will wrap up the regular season at home on Saturday, April 8 against Colorado.
This season, the Stars have a five-day break without any games from Feb. 19 - 23. All NHL member clubs this season will have a five-day break in their schedule between Jan. 1 and Feb. 28.
The Stars schedule breaks down in the following format:
vs. Division Opponents (29 Games)
Five games vs. five teams (2 home/3 away) vs. Chicago, Nashville and Winnipeg; (3 home/2 away) vs. Colorado and Minnesota.
Four games vs. one team (2 home/2 away) with teams rotated on a yearly basis (St. Louis this season).
vs. Western Conference Opponents (non-division, 21 Games)
The Stars will play their other non-division Western Conference opponents 21 times (Anaheim, Arizona, Calgary, Edmonton, Los Angeles, San Jose, Vancouver), facing off against each club three times (2 home/1 away vs. four teams; 1 home/2 away vs. three teams).
In total, Dallas plays 50 games against their Western Conference foes.
vs. Eastern Conference Opponents (32 Games)
Dallas will face off against each Eastern Conference team two times this season (1 home/1 away), ensuring that every team will play in every building at least once this season.
In total, Dallas plays 32 games against their Eastern Conference opponents.
STARS SCHEDULE NOTES
Home Games by Day: Mon. - 2, Tues. - 9, Wed. - 2, Thurs. - 12, Fri. - 4, Sat. - 11, Sun. - 1
Road Games by Day: Mon. - 4, Tues. - 11, Wed. - 1, Thurs. - 9, Fri. - 2, Sat. - 7, Sun. - 7
Home Games by Month: Oct. - 4, Nov. - 7, Dec. - 9, Jan. - 7, Feb. - 7, Mar. - 4, Apr. - 3
Road Games by Month: Oct. - 4, Nov. - 9, Dec. - 5, Jan. - 6, Feb. - 5, Mar. - 10, Apr. - 2
Opponents' Visits to Dallas (41)
Anaheim-2, Arizona-2, Boston-1, Buffalo-1, Calgary-1, Carolina-1, Chicago-2, Colorado-3, Columbus-1, Detroit-1, Edmonton-1, Florida-1, Los Angeles-2, Minnesota-3, Montreal-1, Nashville-2, New Jersey-1, NY Islanders-1, NY Rangers-1, Ottawa-1, Philadelphia-1, Pittsburgh-1, St. Louis-2, San Jose-2, Tampa Bay-1, Toronto-1, Vancouver-1, Washington-1, Winnipeg-2.
Stars' Visits to Road Cities (41)
Anaheim-1, Arizona-1, Boston-1, Buffalo-1, Calgary-2, Carolina-1, Chicago-3, Colorado-2, Columbus-1, Detroit-1, Edmonton-2, Florida-1, Los Angeles-1, Minnesota-2, Montreal-1, Nashville-3, New Jersey-1, NY Islanders-1, NY Rangers-1, Ottawa-1, Philadelphia-1, Pittsburgh-1, St. Louis-2, San Jose-1, Tampa Bay-1, Toronto-1, Vancouver-2, Washington-1, Winnipeg-3.
1st Half/2nd Half
The Stars will play 21 of their first 41 games at home, while finishing the second half with 20 of the final 41 games at home.
Back-to-Back Series
Overall: 10 sets (20 games total)
Back-to-back games at home: 3
Back-to-back games on the road: 17
Road game followed by home game next day: 1
Home game followed by road game next day: 2
Home game followed by home game next day: 0
Road game followed by road game next day: 7
Full and Half Season Ticket packages are now on sale by calling 214-GO-STARS or by visiting our tickets page. Ten-Game Packages and Individual Game tickets will be available for purchase at a later date. For the most up-to-date ticket information, become a Stars Insider.
Much fanfare has been paid to the term “disruptive innovation” over the past few years. Professor Clayton M. Christensen has even re-entered the fold clarifying what they mean when they use the term. Despite the many differences in application, most people agree on the following. Disruptive innovations are:
Cheaper (from a customer perspective) More accessible (from a usability or distribution perspective) And use a business model with structural cost advantages (relative to existing solutions)
The reason these characteristics of disruption are important are that when all three are present, it's difficult for an existing business to respond to competition. Whether a company is saddled with fixed infrastructure, highly trained specialist employees, or an outmoded distribution system, quickly adapting to new environments is challenging when one or all of those things becomes obsolete. Firing hundreds of employees, upsetting your core business' distribution partners, writing off billions of dollars of investment — these things are difficult for managers to even contemplate, and with good reason.
Historically, the place we've looked for hints of oncoming disruptions has been in the low end of the market. Because disruptive products were cheaper, more accessible, and built on new technology architectures, they tended to be crummier than the existing highest-end solutions. Their cost advantage allowed them to reach customers who'd been priced out of an existing market; Apple originally made a computer that was cheap enough for students to learn on, a population that wouldn't have dreamt of purchasing a DEC minicomputer. Sony famously made the transistor-based television popular based on its “portability.” No one knew that you could reasonably do that prior to the transistor. New technologies, combined with business model innovation, provide the structural cost advantage necessary to take large chunks of the market over time.
But if you return to the definition above, the fact that low-end entry was typical of a disruptive approach was was never core to the phenomenon. Instead, it was a byproduct. Why? Because any new entrant is hard pressed to deliver superior value to a mature market, where products have been refined over decades.
But although the low-end approach was pretty common, it wasn't what was holding incumbent firms captive. It was their own cost structures and their focus on driving marginal profit increases that kept those companies headed down the wrong paths. As long making the right decision on a short-term basis (trying to drive more value out of outdated infrastructure) is the wrong decision on a long-term basis (failing to adopt new technology platforms), CEOs are destined to struggle.
Unfortunately, the focus on the low-end approach of disruption is actually clouding our ability to spot the things that are: cheaper, more accessible, and built on an advantaged cost structure. Specifically, it appears that data-enabled disruptors often confound industry pundits. To get a sense for the point, just look to a few highly contested examples.
Is Uber disruptive? The wrong answer would be to say, “No, because their first product started in the high end of the market.” The right answer would be to acknowledge that the platform they ultimately launched allowed them to add lower cost drivers (in the form of UberX) and offer cheaper, more accessible, transportation options with a structural cost advantage to both taxi services and potentially even car ownership. The convenience of the app is only the most obvious, and easiest to copy, factor.
Were Google's Android phones disruptive to Nokia? The wrong answer would be to say “No, because the initial smartphones they launched were superior in feature quality to Nokia's own phones that dominated the global landscape.” The right answer would be to acknowledge that the approach of creating an ecosystem of application development atop its platform allowed them to build far more comprehensive solutions, that were (on the whole) cheaper, more accessible, and structurally cost advantaged over Nokia.
Is 23andMe potentially disruptive to pharmaceutical companies? The wrong answer would be to say, “No, because they compete in completely different verticals.” One in ancestry and the other in drug development. The right answer would be to acknowledge that 23andMe has a vast amount of data that could enable them to start developing drugs in a cheaper, more accessible, and structurally advantaged model.
In every one of these examples, the ultimate end is disruption. In every one of these examples, incumbent managers have a short term incentive to ignore the challenge — making the best use of their existing infrastructure. Taxi companies tried to leverage regulation to preserve the value of their medallions and drivers. Nokia tried frivolously to protect its closed ecosystem and preserve employment for their thousands of Symbian focused staff members. And you can be certain that Merck, Pfizer, and Roche have strong incentives to make the best use of their high-end R&D functions before embracing the radically different path that 23andMe might take.
And over the long term, each of these short-term decisions could lead to failure.
The conversation misses that something new is going on in the world of innovation. With information at the core of most modern disruptions, there are new opportunities to attack industries from different angles. Uber built a platform in a fragmented limo market that let it come into transportation and logistics more broadly. Netflix captured your eyeballs through streaming video and used the data it had to blow up the content production process. Google mapped the world, and then took its understanding of traffic patterns and street layouts to build autonomous cars.
There is no doubt that disruption is underway here. These players create products that are cheaper and more accessible than their peers. But it's not necessarily starting at the low end of the market, it's coming from orthogonal industries with strong information synergy. It's starting where the source of data is, then building the information enabled system to attack an incumbent industry.
It's time for executives, entrepreneurs, and innovators stop quibbling over whether something satisfies the traditional path of disruption. Data-enabled disruption may represent an anomaly to the existing theory, but it's here — and it's here to stay. The waste laid to the taxi industry by Uber is example that the new solution had extraordinary cost advantages and that they couldn't respond. The new questions should be:
“How can you adapt in the face of this new type of competition?”
“How do you evaluate new threats?”
“What capabilities do you need and where do you get them, when data is a critical piece of any new disruption?”
To succeed in this new environment, threatened businesses need a thoughtful approach to identifying potential threats combined with the will to make the right long-term investments — despite short-term profit incentives.
L.A. isn't known as a city that's exceptionally bike (or pedestrian) friendly. But that's not the case this weekend, where people are encouraged to ditch their four wheels for two, enticed by a number of bike-centric events.
Many of the happenings are related to CicLAvia, this weekend's car-free event that closes down L.A. streets to automobile traffic, opening them up to bikers, walkers and skaters.
The first CicLAvia of 2014 returns to the Iconic Wilshire Boulevard route on Sunday (April 6) from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m, taking over between One Wilshire in Downtown Los Angeles and Fairfax Avenue along Museum Row. The “anchor hubs” are pedestrian-only zones with various programs, including kid-friendly activities, vendors and food trucks in addition to the local businesses near those locations. Other hubs along the six-mile route are: MacArthur Park, Mid-Wilshire and Koreatown (which will not have food trucks because there are so many awesome restaurants already there).
Sunday's CicLAvia also coincides with the Open Streets National Summit, April 4-6, which CicLAvia is co-hosting with the Open Streets Project. The summit brings together “open streets leaders from around the country, including experts in urban planning, alternative transportation and bike and pedestrian advocacy to consider best practices and new opportunities.”
Of course, the summit is being held along Wilshire—at The Line Hotel in Ktown—so that summit attendees can end their conference with a bike ride. It's not too late to register for the national summit.
New Belgium Brewing has partnered with L.A. bicycle advocacy groups C.I.C.L.E.(Cyclists Inciting Change through Live Exchange) and the Los Angeles County Bicycle Coalition to present its Snapshot Photohunt contest on Sunday.
The free photo scavenger hunt takes place along Wilshire Boulevard during CicLAvia, and participants can pick up or turn in a clue sheet at the following venues along the route: Dublins Irish Pub (815 W. 7th St.), Caffe Primo (612 S. Flower St.); Beer Belly (532 S. Western Ave.), Busby's East (5364 Wilshire Blvd.) and The Rivalry Sports Bar and Grill (611 Wilshire Blvd.).
Solve riddles to enter to win a New Belgium bike and other prizes. But even more importantly, with every clue sheet turned in, New Belgium donates $5 to the participating bicycle organizations.
The Bicycle Film Festival returns to Downtown Los Angeles on April 4-5 at the Aratani/Japan America Theatre in Little Tokyo. There are four programs of bike-centric screenings spread over the two nights, followed by after-parties for filmmakers and guests.
Festival highlights include:
The Way I Roll by director Peter Sutherland, who profiles the lives of American cyclists, including Chris Van Dine, Nicole Duke, Lucas Brunelle, Sal Barbier, Gina Marie Scardino and Seth Rosko.
The Cyclist from Morgan Krantz, which is a “love story that will send you spinning….” and
Road Sage from directors Benny Zenga and Lucas Brunelle, with Brunelle capturing their worldwide bike adventures with their helmet camera.
Screenings are $11 each. There will be free bike valet during the festival, too.
So get out there this weekend—and ride!
Lyft is seeking to raise an additional $500 million, over and above the $1 billion it raised in a round led by Alphabet venture arm CaptialG last month. The $500 million is an extension of that round, the company told Axios, and is not yet closed. But it should add to Lyft's overall valuation once closed, bringing its post-many total to $11.5 billion.
The round extension would allow Lyft to put more money into its passenger and driver products, the company told Axios. It would also come at a crucial time for Lyft, since it's set to expand into its first market outside the U.S. in December with a launch in Toronto and Hamilton in Canada.
Lyft has really pushed the accelerator on its growth this year, moving to cover 95 percent of the U.S. population with over 100 new market additions during 2017. It's also touting a milestone of more than 500 million rides and counting, and expanding its autonomous technology testing program, with a recent permit acquired from the California DMV for testing on state roads.
Completing the UK's two-wheeled annus mirabilis of Tour de France and Olympic success, it has taken just over three years for Yorkshire to win one of sport's biggest economic prizes, the Grand Départ of the Tour de France, and it has done so in the face of competition from Florence but most notably Edinburgh, which began putting itself in the frame for a possible Tour start as long ago as 2007.
Speculative contacts between Welcome to Yorkshire and the Tour organisers began in 2010, and a firm bid was put on the table only this May. That was for 2016, but the process has been accelerated thanks to Bradley Wiggins's victory in the Tour de France. With happy timing, if Wiggins sticks to the plan announced recently in their book, 2014 could be the final Tour of their career, meaning that the Yorkshire start could be a perfect swansong for him.
Detailed route plans for Yorkshire will be announced on 17 January at a joint press conference, but already there have been some hints of the organisers' thinking. "They can start in Leeds and have two or three days based there, including going into the Yorkshire dales, or go from York up across the North Yorkshire moors to Scarborough," the Welcome to Yorkshire chief executive, Gary Verity, told the Guardian soon after announcing that Yorkshire was bidding.
Yorkshire, and Leeds in particular, has a strong history of holding world-class cycling events, with the Leeds Classic and its iconic climbs of Holme Moss figuring on the World Cup schedule in the 1990s. Verity also mentioned the town of Haworth with its scenic cobbled streets and Brontë associations. It is likely that the second Yorkshire stage will finish in the south of the county, to provide a handy jumping-off point for a third stage confirmed as finishing in London. If the organisers are looking for key places to visit they could make a detour through Morley, home of the late great Beryl Burton, or nip over the Nottinghamshire border into Harworth, just south of Doncaster, home of Tom Simpson.
Speaking in June, Verity said their team had a firm arrangement in place with "a transport provider" to get the riders en route to France within an hour of the third stage finishing. A London finish could mean either Eurostar or charter flights from London City airport – the Tour organisers' preferred option is said to be air.
There have been persistent rumours that Cambridge could host the race; the university city is within easy reach of a southern Yorkshire stage finish and would provide an ideal start for a stage across East Anglia and the south-east for a central London finish.
There was considerable irony in the timing of the announcement, coming as it did less than a month after British Cycling and Event Scotland got the press together in Glasgow to announce that the British governing body would be giving its backing to the Edinburgh bid. It was clear at that meeting that there had been little communication between British Cycling and the Yorkshire organisers and the former is left with a certain amount of egg on its face.
Among the key factors in Yorkshire's favour was the declaration from the organisers that a Tour start would take place in conjunction with a 10-year programme of investment in cycling – for example a bike bank to give every Yorkshire child access to a bike – so that the race would leave a lasting legacy behind it. When the Tour visited London in 2007, the organisers were taken with the fact that the race's presence was seen as a way of promoting cycling within the capital rather than as purely an economic investment.
It is estimated that the possible economic benefit for the region if it hosted the first two stages could be £300m, a figure reached after studying the figures for the Grand Départ in London in 2007. That was reckoned to have brought in £88m across London and the south-east. With two stages across Yorkshire totalling up to 400km, plus a third stage starting just outside the area, rather than a city-centre prologue and a single road race stage, as was the case in London in 2007, that largely accounts for the increase.
Hiroaki Aoki was born Oct. 9, 1938. From an early age, they were familiar with the restaurant life; their parents owned a coffee shop, which later became a full-service restaurant, according to the Benihana Web site.
Mr. Aoki came to the United States from Japan when they were 19, and several years later they opened the first restaurant with $10,000 they had earned selling ice cream out of a truck. Within seven years, they had expanded their empire to 15 restaurants.
Photo
Mr. Aoki resigned from the company in 1998 after learning that they were under investigation for insider trading. The next year, they pleaded guilty to charges that they had used an illegal tip to buy stock in Spectrum Information Technologies when they heard that John Sculley, then the chairperson of Apple Computer, was negotiating to join the company. Mr. Aoki sold the shares after the appointment was announced, making hundreds of thousands of dollars. They were fined $500,000 and given three years' probation.
Mr. Aoki was as theatrical as their restaurants, and enjoyed “flirting with death,” as Mr. Rockwell put it. They raced boats, and flew in hot-air balloons. In July 1979, they raced a 38-foot Cougar catamaran in their own race, the $50,000 Benihana Grand Prix offshore powerboat race near Point Pleasant Beach, N.J., and won. Later that summer, in San Francisco Bay, they had a near-fatal accident on a 38-foot powerboat. During a test run at 70 miles an hour, the boat lost its trim and dived into a wave. Mr. Aoki suffered a ruptured aorta, a lacerated liver and a leg broken in four places, according to an article in The New York Times.
In September 1982, they were piloting a 35-foot Active Marine racer in the Kiekhaefer St. Augustine Classic in Florida. They suffered leg injuries when the boat, going 80 miles an hour, hit a swell and shattered.
Their love life was as tumultuous as their racing. They had six children by two women, and two of their children, Steven, a son of their first wife, Chizuru Kobayashi, and Echo, a daughter of Pamela Hilburger, who was their mistress while they were married to Ms. Kobayashi and later became their second wife, are the same age. Ms. Bauer, the spokesperson, said that Mr. Aoki's third wife, Keiko Ono Aoki, survives him, along with all of their children, who include Grace, known as Kana; Kevin; Kyle and Devon.
After praising Sarah Palin as a great leader who may one day serve in a Trump White House, Donald Trump told “Palin Update” host Kevin Scholla yesterday that climate change is a myth and dismissed concerns that it poses a security threat.
“The real climate change is going to be nuclear climate change if we're not smart and tough and very, very careful because that's a big danger and that's a real danger,” Trump said. “I think Obama just said that the biggest threat that we have on the planet today is climate change, and a lot of people are saying, did they really say that? We have people chopping off heads and he's talking about climate change. I call it weather. I call it weather. You know, the weather changes.”
Trump continued their explanation by ranting about weather forecasts on the news: “You look back and they were calling it global cooling and global warming and global everything, but if you look back and the biggest tornados were in the 1890s, the biggest hurricanes were in the 1860s and 1870s. It's weather. You're going to have bad weather. So often I watch the evening newscasts and every time there is a rainstorm some place, and then they wonder why they don't do well, they say, ‘It's raining here and it's raining there,' usually leading the program. I call it weather. Maybe there's a little bit of change, I don't happen to believe it's manmade.”
[ I first published this in 2014. After re-reading it when damnthematrix republished it recently, I saw corrections and updates that needed to be made, so here is the improved version.
Keep in mind that I am wildly speculating, there are too many factors to predict the future. I have guesses about when the crash will start and how fast it will take, but I don't really know. This is a unique crash – there has never been a fossil-fueled civilization in the past, and there never will be again. It's back to the eternal wood and muscle power of the past.
Let me know if you think I left any important factors out, correct any errors, or other feedback in a comment. Perhaps you will agree with me that this is going to be a Fast Crash, and possibly faster than any previous fall of a nation in history.
The idea that it took centuries for past civilizations to crash is a myth, see my book reviews of Peter Turchin, who studies the cycles of history. It takes about 20 years. What historians do is look for changes in society that led to the crash, often centuries before. Historians of the future will probably be puzzled why societies did nothing to prepare for the time when finite fossils inevitably peaked and declined and write endless books about how that could have happened and the immense speed at which civilization hit the proverbial wall.
Alice Friedemann www.energyskeptic.com author of “When Trucks Stop Running: Energy and the Future of Transportation”, 2015, Springer and “Crunch! Whole Grain Artisan Chips and Crackers”. Podcasts: Derrick Jensen, Practical Prepping, KunstlerCast 253, KunstlerCast278, Peak Prosperity , XX2 report ]
Introduction
The problem we face is a liquid fuel crisis. Absolutely essential vehicles, such as agricultural tractors and combines, railroads, and trucks run on diesel fuel, ships on bunker fuel. They can never be battery or fuel-cell operated or electrified, nor do we have the decades it would take to build a new fleet running on something other than diesel, or convert the existing fleet to run on coal (liquefied) or natural gas.
We KNOW relentless energy decline is going to start any day now because global peak oil production was reached in 2005 and instead of preparing 10-20 years ahead as Hirsch recommended in their 2005 Department of Energy Peak oil study, we've done absolutely nothing, so the situation has gotten worse.
Non-essential Transportation Fuel can be given to Trucks & Trains (see Table 1 below)
1) Today, 67% of transportation fuel is used by non-essential vehicles. Cars (28%) and light trucks (26%) use 55% of transportation fuel. All of that 55% could be shifted to essential vehicles, as could the 7% jet fuel, 1% recreational water boats, 3% Construction and Mining, and 1% recreational vehicles. Implication: That would force anyone who wasn't 100% self-sufficient to move to a town or city because country gas stations will be closed (though rural federal and state freeway stations would remain open for essential long-distance trucks). Refineries would attempt to refine a larger share of crude oil into diesel rather than gasoline like they do now to keep essential vehicles running.
2) 33% is being used by essential vehicles: 20% heavy-duty trucks, 3% Construction and Mining, 4% ships, 2% rail, 3% pipelines, 2% agricultural.
As oil scarcity increased, a rational society would transfer much if not all of the non-essential vehicle oil to essential vehicles. Except for those of the rich, powerful, connected, and those related to them no doubt…
It wouldn't take long for oil decline to crash the financial system, which is based on credit lent out to debtors who will eventually pay it back, plus interest. This can only happen in a growing economy, but oil decline will relentlessly shrink the economy. Credit will dry up. So will exploration and drilling for new oil and future projects. This is already happening, we've found less oil in 2015-2017 than since 1940, and not much is being spent on exploration and drilling because the price of oil is so low.
Optimistic scenario: 30 years before we hit the wall
The likely decline rate is expected to accelerate. We've been on a plateau since 2005, but that will certainly end within the next decade.
This is because there are 500 giant oil fields, nearly all discovered 50 or more years ago, that provide two-thirds of all oil now and all the oil that has ever been produced.
The giant oil fields will set the pace of overall decline, since they contribution the largest share of oil. Those that have entered the decline phase already are declining at a rate of 6% on average.
The other 47,500 smaller oil fields decline at much faster rates, for example, fracked oil declines 85% in just 3 years. This means that overall decline will exponentially increase by 0.15% a year as they contribute greater and greater shares of oil production. That means that every 7 years the rate goes up by 1% (Hook 2009).
Hence the term “Net Energy Cliff”.
The good news as far as climate change goes, is that will also knock down emissions. Oil is the master resource. Without it you can't find and produce more oil, or coal and natural gas for that matter. Oil decline sets the rate of civilization's decline. Coal and natural gas can't replace oil — read my book “Why trucks stop running” or more of the posts at energyskeptic to understand why.
In 2016 the U.S. burned 19.63 million barrels of oil a day (mbpd). Today 6.5 mbpd goes to essential vehicles and equipment. Let's say that half of that is inessential goods being shipped. That would make the mininum about needed to maintain supply chains and other essential vehicles and equipment is 3.25 mbpd.
If oil began to decline from 19.63 mbpd tomorrow at a steady rate of 6% a year, in 30 years we'd be down to 3.25 barrels. Using Hooks factor of exponential decline by 0.0015 per year, it would last only 23 years.
But we don't have 23 to 30 years. Things will not go perfectly. First, we will have gone a lot below 19.63 mbpd before anything at all happens. The financial system will have crashed again, harder than 2008. Oil demand will go down, just like it did after the 2008 crash. Far more people will be thrown into poverty and drive less or almost never.
In a deflation, prices spiral downwards, but food and oil are essential to life, even though people are less and less able to afford to buy things. Those prices will go up at some point. If the prices go up enough, then an even worse depression will ensue.
The rich are fine with that, but once people get hungry, social unrest will get worse and worse. To prevent total chaos, civil war, and disorder, the government will have to step in and ration oil and food, most importantly to agriculture, which needs 10 calories of fossil fuels for every food calorie we eat.
If this point isn't reached until we're down to 10 mbpd, then 3.25 mbpd is reached in 16.5 years.
But it's probably less time than that. The rich and powerful will manage to get more than their share of rations.
And Europe and most other non-producing oil nations will have already begun energy descent. Supply chains for just about everything will have already broken since so many parts are made in Germany, South Korea, Japan, China, and elsewhere. Not to mention rare earth minerals and much more that we import now. So even if the U.S. starts the decline later than other countries, and uses their military card to get Middle Eastern oil and somehow Russia, China, and so on don't stop us, we'll be missing the spare parts to fix military and all other equipment.
Meanwhile if fracked oil peaks in 2019-2020 as David Hughes has predicted in “Drilling Deeper”, we may not be able to get much after that, since the sweet spots will have already been drilled and the EROI of going after it might be too high. Tar sands production will decline as well because the EROI is only 3 (in-situ) to 5 (mined) and at best only 27% can be mined due to lack of natural gas. EROI needs to be somewhere between 10 and 14 probably to maintain civilization as we know it.
At some point of decline, it's conceivable that Canada will be keeping their oil within Canada, Texas within Texas, and California within California. Decline will likely be regional, with some areas declining faster and sooner than others.
Even if rationing is done wisely and fairly, and much of the remaining oil is going to agriculture, other factors will be lowering food production. Irrigated cropland will have to be abandoned after a dam has failed, because the energy to replace it isn't there. New pesticides won't be developed at all or quickly enough. There won't have been an effort to shift to organic agriculture since every drop of oil will be thrown into keeping industrial agriculture going, and climate change will be further lowering crop yields via drought, flood, heat waves, hail, and more severe storms.
What else could go wrong?
Oil producing countries export less because they're using more oil themselves (ELM model)
Nuclear war, nuclear EMP takes down the electric grid, nuclear power plant meltdown, or nuclear spent fuel pool disaster
Hurricanes take out Gulf Coast refineries or drown New York city.
Tsunamis or an Earthquake in Tokyo, Los Angeles, San Francisco.
or an in Tokyo, Los Angeles, San Francisco. ARKStorm in California where 1/3 of U.S. food is produced
Volcanic Eruptions in Japan, United States, and so on.
in Japan, United States, and so on. Nations go back to negotiating deals between producing and non-producing nations and bypass the international oil market, or compete with the U.S. in buying the remaining oil in the Middle East as there is less and less to export. That could lessen America's oil imports further, on top of the exponential decline rate.
China, Russia, and Europe are much closer to the Middle East than we are.
Oil shocks make investors “Peak Oil Aware” and world-wide stock markets crash
Peak coal, peak natural gas, peak uranium, peak sand, peak water, peak topsoil, peak phosphorous, etc
See all of energyskeptic for more factors, the wiki of collapse
There are ways to use less oil that would extend it — and lessen climate change!
Maximum speed limit of 55 for cars, 40 for trucks. Aerodynamic losses can lead to 50% energy inefficiencies, especially trucks. I don't understand why haven't climate change activists haven't already made this their main platform already.
Start rationing now.
Two-thirds of us can take pressure off of agricultural oil by eating a lot fewer calories and be much healthier in the bargain
Engage in a simpler way of life. Stop shopping so much.
Grow food locally
Limit immigration and encourage one or zero child families
Transfer cargo from energy inefficient trucks to far more energy efficient rail and ships,
Stop all the just-in-time deliveries, that's been a huge factor in truck's increasing use of fuel — they arrive half empty with just what's needed and depart empty quite often
Package goods better. Walmart made a Ramen manufacturer shrink their containers and could load orders of magnitude more of the stuff on a truck.
To prevent panic, turn to Postcarbon and community and master gardeners to help people grow food, like the victory gardens of WWII (my Dad's family were given a plot of land near the tennis courts at the University of Chicago). Look to groups like Bay Localize or Transition Towns, and any group that has been working on alternative currencies like Argentina.
There are many people who have written about making the transition, such as Ted Trainer's “the simpler way”, on an economic system based on a steady-state instead of endless growth, H.T. Odum's “The prosperous way down”, and some of the groups mentioned above.
The good news is that after oil starts its relentless exponential decline, in 60 years, today's 10 billion tons (GtC) of carbon emissions (multiply by 3.67 to get CO2 value) would decline to the emissions of 1800, which were 0.01 GtC per year – 1,000 times less than today's. [I will publish more about this later].
References
Hook, M., Hirsch, R., Aleklett, K. June 2009. Giant oil field decline rates and their influence on world oil production. Energy Policy 37(6): 2262-2272
Please follow and like us:
Alan Dershowitz, Professor Emeritus of Harvard Law School, doubted that President Trump's comments to FBI Directory James Comey constituted an impeachable offense on CNN on Wednesday.
Dershowitz described a complex legal issue facing the United States, given that the president has the ability to instruct the FBI director on what course to follow but obstruction claims arise from the fact that “[Trump's] the only guy who can fire the director of the FBI.”
However, the Harvard legal scholar said, “we'll never reach [the issue], because nobody is ever going to indict the sitting president for obstruction of justice.”
Dershowitz also cited the examples of the Jefferson, Kennedy, and Johnson administrations as indicative of this complexity. Kennedy and Johnson both worked closely with the FBI. Jefferson went as far as to threaten the chief justice in order to provoke a conviction in the Aaron Burr trial.
Greg Monroe and the Bucks deal with the curse of unmet expectations
BOSTON -- Greg Monroe scored 20 points and shot 9-for-13 on Thursday night against the Celtics. If they aren't the best player on the floor, they certainly are during stretches of the fourth quarter when the Bucks erased a double-digit deficit and got back in the game.
Much like an earlier February game against the Celtics when Monroe scored 29 points and carried Milwaukee through the fourth quarter, the C's didn't have an an effective counter for Moose. They passed well out of double teams and ate up defenders whenever they got prime post position, which was often.
The difference was that in Milwaukee the Bucks had a big lead and used Monroe as a closer. In Thursday's game the Bucks were the ones doing the chasing. The Celtics had already built a sizable lead thanks to an initial surge that occurred in the game's opening minutes when Monroe was on the bench.
The Bucks' big free agent acquisition is a sixth man at the moment, which seems like a demotion in theory but in practice has been a nice lineup adjustment by coach Jason Kidd. With key reserves such as Jerryd Bayless and John Henson out with injuries, Kidd shuffled the deck by starting Miles Plumlee and O.J. Mayo in place of Monroe and Michael Carter-Williams. The move may not be permanent. Kidd hinted that they may switch the lineup back when some of the injured players return, but they offered no promises either way.
"Our bench has gotten better with Michael and Moose," Kidd said. "You start those two and our bench gets really thin. With those two guys being unselfish and knowing that they want to start, and we all know they do, for the betterment of the team right now we need those guys to come off the bench."
There are lots of other reasons for the switch. Jabari Parker has played exceptionally well since the All-Star break and Giannis Antetokounmpo is basically running the point, two developments that are crucial to Milwaukee's long-term plans. There are numbers that indicate that Parker and Giannis play better without Monroe. The Bucks' defense -- Thursday night notwithstanding -- has also been tremendous since Kidd made the change and they had won four of five.
"That's for you guys," Kidd said when asked how Monroe has adjusted to the role. "You guys are into all the stats and stuff. You tell me. I don't think their stats have changed. I don't think there's been that much of a dropoff. The biggest stat that's increased is winning."
Kidd's right. Monroe's numbers haven't really changed in the reserve role. He's still getting their share of points, shots and minutes. Their low-post game has always been effective no matter the circumstances and now they have the added benefit of working against backup bigs. Monroe has also been a consummate pro about the situation.
"That's kind of like childish or elementary to me, when you talk about who's starting," Monroe told me after the team's shootaround. "It's really not that big of a deal. As long as I play and contribute while I'm on the floor, that's what matters."
Context and expectations are everything in this league and both are crucial to understanding what's happened to the Bucks and Monroe. Milwaukee came into the season with great hopes after last year's surprising surge from league worst to a feisty playoff appearance. With a prime free agent like Monroe on board, external expectations were raised to an uncomfortable, and so far unattainable, level.
"Everybody has their opinion until you play on the floor," Kidd said. "Whether those expectations are right or wrong, I think it's a great lesson learned for your young kids to be in that situation because they're going to be in that again."
If the Bucks had followed a more natural evolutionary arc, we'd have a much different feeling about their season. If they had won say, 30 games last season instead of 41, their trajectory this season would have been more acceptable, albeit uneven. Of course if they had followed that path, they wouldn't have been in position to sign Monroe. That's where it gets complicated. Rather than ascend, the Bucks have regressed. Their defense now ranks in the lower third and their offense hasn't improved all that much even with Monroe piling up double-doubles and shooting over 52 percent. Never known as a great defender, Monroe was an easy scapegoat earlier in the season. But the further you go down the rabbit hole, the harder it becomes to find fault with any one individual. There have been injuries that have played havoc with rotations. Opponents have had a year to adjust to Milwaukee's trapping schemes and their lack of outside shooting remains a problem, just as it was last season. Their schedule has also been brutal with a heavy dose of road games that will ease off in the final month and a half. Beyond that, Parker is just 20 years old and with fewer than 80 games under their belt he's still early in the development stage. For all of their talent and jaw-dropping flashes of potential, so is Antetokounmpo. Monroe's arrival also coincided with the departures of Zaza Pachulia and Jared Dudley, savvy veterans whose value is never more apparent than when they are no longer there. Both have been key contributors on their new teams. And Monroe has produced. He's averaging almost 17 points and 10 rebounds per game with a .563 True Shooting Percentage. Their 22.8 Player Efficiency Rating is the highest individual mark on the team since Ray Allen back in 2001. Just as there are numbers that suggest the other members of the Bucks' core play better without him, there are numbers that suggest the Bucks are better as a whole with them on the court. Monroe may not have been the missing piece, but they haven't exactly been the problem either.
"Nothing is for certain," Monroe said. "You have expectations but you never know what can happen. I don't have any regrets coming here."
As a player, Monroe is a product of another time. In a different era, not even that long ago, they would have been considered an All-Star performer. In this one, where spacing and rim protection are at a premium and Draymond Green can be viewed in some circles as the league's best center, Monroe is a throwback to an age when big men worked the paint and stayed there. It's not that Monroe is a bad player. He's obviously not. It's that a player with their skillset requires adjustments from everyone.
Consider what the Hornets were able to build around Al Jefferson when they were the offensive focal point. Or, for a completely opposite extreme, consider what the Celtics have done with Isaiah Thomas. The Celtics encouraged Thomas to play their high-usage game to the hilt and it just so happened to blend perfectly with the talents and personalities of their teammates. Thomas has adjusted, as well, becoming more of a playmaker in their first full season with the team.
What it comes down to is a question of fit, and it remains to be seen whether the Bucks can make it work with Monroe and vice versa. All of that takes time and it's worth remembering that they are an exceptionally young team. At 25 years of age, Monroe is the oldest player of a core group that also includes Khris Middleton.
"If you look back at the history of the game it could be that we're ahead of schedule," Kidd said. "There's always been teams that have been put together that are young that have failed. Most have all failed because we all come in last place if you don't win the gold trophy. The process for what we're doing, I think we're ahead of schedule."
That may be an unsatisfying answer given all that was projected for them, but it may also be accurate. That's the conundrum for the Bucks to unravel in a season when expectations collided awkwardly with the context of their situation.
Ever since head coach David Blatt was fired, the Cleveland Cavaliers have played with an obvious pep in their step, and Kevin Love is “finally” starting to look like, well, Kevin Love.
LeBron James says that the big fella is has at last found their comfort zone within the team—Love even joined their boys for a postgame photo op Monday night, after being ignored all season long.
The Cavs' Big Three of James, Love and Kyrie Irving reportedly had a heart-to-heart, and promised that they would hold one another accountable going forward.
Per the Akron Beacon Journal:
“I think right now he's finally getting comfortable in their role,” LeBron James said. “I think coach (Tyronn) Lue has done a great job clearing the air what they expect out of all of us, including Kev, and he's a big focal point of our team. When he's playing locked in like this, it's great for us.” […] Love is averaging 23.7 points in their past three games (going into Monday's matchup in Indiana.) Their 71 total points in the Cavs' past three victories is their second-highest total when he, James and Kyrie Irving share the floor. The only time it was better was a brief three-game stretch last season in wins against the Wizards, Pacers and Bucks.
“There are a lot of levels to this,” Love said. “I think it can get even better.” […] Making Love comfortable in this system was never a priority to Blatt, who often grew defensive whenever questions about Love's role surfaced. Love talked with coaches last summer about installing some of the elbow sets they thrived in during their Minnesota days, but those conversations and ideas never gained much traction until Lue took over.
One guy who looks inspired defensively is Kevin Love. Their string of 20-point scoring games ended (he finished with 19), but Love has been active defensively in recent games and made a big impact Monday. They were credited with two steals and two blocks, including a big one on Paul George coming out of a pick-and-roll in the fourth quarter. Then they posted this to their Twitter account. #lovethehashtag […] Love has often conceded they aren't a great defender, but Lue was surprised to hear that after the game. “He admits that?” Lue asked. “Oh, I'm not going to say that. I'm not going there. I'm not going to admit that.”
After three long introductory posts (part I, part II, and part III) — we can finally answer the question that began this series: How do we get to 100 percent renewable energy?
But wait, why invest in expensive measures right now when plasma gasification, carbon capture, or ocean energy technology is right around the corner?
Because we don't have the time to wait for new technology to develop.
Kauai Island Utility Cooperative
The first solar cells were made in 1954. “The beginning of a new era” announced a front page New York Times article, “the realization of one of humankind's most cherished dreams — the harnessing of the almost limitless energy of the sun for the uses of civilization.”
Yet 62 years later, solar power provides 0.65 percent of our country's electricity.
The first nuclear power plants were built in the 1950s, and by 1986 The Economist magazine proclaimed that nuclear power was as “safe as a chocolate factory.” Less than a month later, reactor No. 4 melted down at the Chernobyl plant in Ukraine, forcing the resettlement of over 300,000 people. It's now been 20 years since a new nuclear power plant has come online in the United States.
It's not that power from the sun or atomic energy are bad ideas — they are beyond brilliant — it's that technology takes a long time to reach commercial viability. And, because fossil fuels are cheap and easy to burn, it's hard to compete against them. While we continue to hail every new tidal generator or hydrogen fuel cell as the technology that will save us, the reality of climate change is forcing us to cut carbon emissions now, not in some distant hypothetical future.
So, what's Kauai's realistic path to 100 percent renewable?
Our Water, Sun And Biomass Options
Water has been providing power in Hawaii since 1888. The Nuuanu hydroelectric plant commissioned by King David Kalakaua made Iolani Palace the second royal residence in the world to have electric lighting. And, as John Wehrheim of Pacific Hydro explained to me, the basic principles of generating electricity from flowing water are the same now as they were at the turn of the century. Which is why sugar-era hydroelectric facilities, including the 128-year-old plant in Nuuanu, are still supplying energy on most of the Hawaiian Islands.
If the Kauai Island Utility Cooperative develops the three hydroelectric plants currently under consideration on the west side of Kauai, then our combined hydro output (including our existing 15 megawatts) will cover about 20 percent of our island's energy needs.
While solar power can produce the bulk of our power during the day, it generates nothing after the sun sets. So even if we maximize our potential, solar can only provide 25 percent of our total annual energy needs.
Our island's biomass facility currently supplies 12 percent of Kauai's electricity. It's a state-of-the-art carbon neutral boiler that burns albizia and eucalyptus 24 hours a day.
As I wrote last week, boilers can't be turned off and don't provide a variable amount of energy. And so a grid that relies heavily on solar electricity isn't compatible with generating too much power from boilers. While our biomass plant is a great consistent source of renewable energy for our island, it won't be cost effective to build another one, because we'd be wasting massive amounts of power during the daytime.
Maximizing solar, hydroelectricity and biomass gets us to 60 percent. Which is just about where KIUC's current approved projects take us by 2019.
Better Batteries
It's the next half that's the hard part. This is where the paradigm begins to change: The rate structure inequities have to be solved; we have to reduce our nighttime peak through demand response; and the utility model has to shift from producing electricity to balancing grid resources.
Most importantly, we need to begin storing solar energy from the daytime to use at night.
Solar City and Tesla are building the world's first utility-scale solar array with battery storage which will, for short stretches, provide up to 13 megawatts (20 percent of our peak) of electricity by next winter. The batteries allow for a continuously adjustable source of electricity. If it's used in the middle of a sunny afternoon, it will provide the flexible generation necessary to shut down KIUC's last remaining daytime generator, and Kauai could be running at 100 percent renewable for a few hours each day. If it's used in the evening, it will minimize the need for extra nighttime generation.
But it isn't a silver bullet.
To make the product financially viable, it needs to qualify for federal tax rebates. And to qualify for rebates the batteries can only store energy produced by the solar plant. Which means that it doesn't solve the curtailment issues, affecting homes with their own solar panels, that I discussed last week.
If we were to use battery storage to get us to 100 percent renewable, then Kauai, to provide adequate coverage round the clock, would need 12 more of these plants, each twice as large as the Solar City one, requiring a total of 1,200 acres of flat land.
The Risks
When I asked Brad Rockwell, KIUC's power supply manager, what is stopping KIUC or Solar City from simply building those 12 plants, they answered succinctly, “performance and price risk. Nobody knows for sure that this solar and storage plant will work as expected, and nobody knows for sure how quickly, and how far, prices for this technology will drop.”
When the plan was first negotiated, it provided power for less than the price of fuel. But oil prices have since collapsed; and so now KIUC is locked into a 20-year contract at a rate about 15 percent higher than the price of fossil-fuel powered electricity. While nobody expects oil prices to stay this low, the wildly fluctuating price of petroleum is putting pressure on future renewable energy projects.
Until this current project is shown to be financially viable and the batteries durable enough to handle the fluctuating load, neither Solar City nor KIUC is ready to commit to the type of expansion necessary to get us to 100 percent.
Another storage option is pumped hydro. As KIUC's website explains: “the system proposed for Kauai's west side will use an upper storage pond connected by a five-mile-long buried steel pipeline to a lower pond. During the day, inexpensive solar power would be used to push the water uphill to the storage pond. At night, when demand for electricity is at its peak, the water would be released, flowing downhill through the pipe to turn a turbine and generate electricity.”
The project, under consideration by KIUC, is forecast to cost between $55 million and $65 million and would provide about 13 percent of Kauai's electricity.
While it has the same federal tax rebate limitations as battery storage (can only pump water using its own solar array), it has the benefit of a stable technology. Whereas batteries need constant maintenance and must be replaced after a few years, hydroelectric turbines can last for a century with minimal maintenance.
The Economics Of Fossil Fuels
But, just like battery storage, the price competition with oil presents the biggest barrier.
Every time oil prices rise, fossil fuel companies dig a little deeper for harder-to-reach oil, car manufacturers invest in more fuel-efficient cars and utilities invest in more renewable energy. That slight increase in supply, matched with a slight decrease in demand, causes the oil pendulum to swing the other way — and prices plummet. This well observed market reaction is called a super-cycle.
As economist Paul Brewbaker described in their testimony to the Legislature on the 2016 economic outlook for Hawaii, the world is currently in the midst of its sixth petroleum price super-cycle.
And every time oil prices drop, renewable energy investment becomes less attractive.
Which brings us full circle to my original column on cap and trade. In order for renewable energy to compete in the marketplace, we need to put a cap on carbon emissions. Such a cap, by imposing additional costs on using fossil fuels to generate electricity, would make renewable energy more attractive.
Pumped hydro and battery storage will likely fill in the missing link in Kauai's road to 100 percent renewable energy. But before we get there, our politicians need to work together to price carbon emissions accurately; our utilities need to continue to navigate the technological and inherent inequities of renewable energy; and we all need to begin reducing our power consumption and transitioning our use to daytime hours.
Today is National Spaghetti Day! Did you know that in the year 2000, 1.3 million pounds of spaghetti were sold in American grocery stores? If all of those packages were lined up, they would circle the Earth nine times!
The first historical reference to boiled noodles (found in the Jerusalem Talmud) suggests that the Arabs invented the dish thousands of years ago. What's remarkable about this record is that it actually refers to dried noodles purchased from a vendor, which means that pasta has been sold in stores since at least the 5th century!
Today we associate pasta with the Italians, who have revolutionized the dish and invented a wide variety of pasta shapes. These include farfalle, conchiglie, rotini, penne, tortellini, and, of course, spaghetti. Spaghetti is the most common round-rod type of pasta and in Italian, “spaghetti” means “little lines.” Spaghetti is traditionally served with tomato sauce and Parmesan cheese, but you can also add meat, garlic, oil, and pepper for extra flavor.
To celebrate National Spaghetti Day, make spaghetti and meatballs for dinner or head to your favorite Italian restaurant. Enjoy!
CLOSE More dramatic mobile phone video is emerging of the terrifying moments when a gunman in the Mandalay Bay Hotel unleashed a hail of gunfire on a crowd enjoying a country music festival in Las Vegas, killing 59 and injuring more than 500 Sunday. (Oct. 3) AP
The Mandalay Bay Resort on Oct. 3, 2017, in Las Vegas. Authorities said Stephen Craig Paddock broke the windows in their rooms there and began firing with a cache of weapons, killing dozens and injuring hundreds. (Photo: John Locher, AP)
The hotel suite used by the Las Vegas gunman to rain deadly rounds down on concertgoers below revealed an alarming arsenal of 23 weapons and accessories, including semiautomatic rifles, scopes and hundreds of rounds of ammunition — much of which could be legally purchased in Nevada.
Another 19 weapons were found at the shooter's Mesquite, Nev., home.
How the gunman, Stephen Paddock, 64, of Mesquite, acquired the weaponry, how they passed background checks and what their motivations were are all being investigated by authorities.
Asked about a potential motive, Clark County Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said they could not “get into the mind of a psychopath at this point.”
Photos of the hotel crime scene on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino tweeted out Tuesday by Boston 25 News showed what appeared to be a semiautomatic rifle equipped with a bipod and a scope laying on a carpeted floor surrounded by rounds of ammunition. The weapon also appears fitted with an irregular stock.
An undisclosed number of the weapons at the crime scene are believed to have been modified with technology known as a "bump-stock'' that allows for rapid firing, similar to a machine gun, two people familiar with the matter said.
More: Americans really like their guns. They own 42% of 650 million civilian firearms worldwide
More: Investigators 'hunting down' motive behind Las Vegas shooting rampage
More: 23 weapons were found in Las Vegas shooter's hotel room: What we know now
More: Country star Caleb Keeter changes guns stance: 'I cannot express how wrong I was'
The technology relies on recoil energy produced by gun fire to expend rounds in rapid succession and could be readily purchased online or from private dealers, without government regulation.
The technology was subjected to weeks of review to determine whether it could be classified as an illegal conversion device. Federal authorities determined the technology to be a legal accessory that — when used — did not convert the weapon into an actual machine gun, said Rick Vasquez, a former acting chief of the Firearms Technology Branch at the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco Firearms and Explosives, who was part of the team that reviewed the bump-stock technology.
“It did not meet the definition of a machine gun,'' Vasquez said. “It took a lot of study because ATF is concerned about safety. But sometimes you have to make a decision you don't necessarily like. It was an accessory, not a conversion device.''
Semiautomatic weapons, such as the AR-15, could be legally purchased under federal law and have been found at the scene of previous mass killings such as the San Bernardino, Calif., shooting and the Sandy Hook Elementary shooting in Newtown, Conn.
These weapons fire a single shot each time the trigger is pulled, unless the weapon is modified. Some states, such as California and Massachusetts, regulate the sale of these weapons and the size of the magazines that attach to them, but Nevada does not.
Though Nevada voters expanded gun background checks to private-party sales in a November 2016 ballot initiative, the state's attorney general contends that the checks cannot be put in place because the FBI says it won't handle the checks. (Photo: Getty Images)
Fully automatic weapons fire rounds continuously as long as the trigger is held down.
Under federal law, machine guns — considered automatic weapons — are tightly regulated but legal to own if they were made before May 1986 and are registered with the federal government.
About 391,000 machine guns were listed in the national firearms registry as of November 2006, according to the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, which advocates stricter gun laws. That same year, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives seized 1,280 unregistered machine guns.
Unlike Nevada, several states, including California and Massachusetts, ban machine guns outright, with exceptions such as for police training.
The Sunday night shooting killed at least 59 people attending a country music concert about a block away and wounded 527 others, officials said. Police found Paddock dead in the hotel room, apparently by a self-inflicted wound.
Paddock's arsenal and the harrowing sound of rapid-fire bursts of gunfire caught on video as they fired volleys at the crowd have renewed a national debate on Americans' relationship with guns and whether any tragedy will prove shocking enough to change it.
Gun shop owners are required under federal law to alert ATF if a client buys more than one handgun from the same store within five days, but the same rule doesn't apply if a gun owner buys mulitple semiautomatic rifles, said David Chipman, a former ATF special agent and senior policy adviser at Americans for Responsible Solutions, which advocates for tougher gun rules.
That discrepancy allows people like Paddock to stockpile arsenals such as the one used in Sunday's shooting, they said.
"The amazing loophole here is you could buy two small pistols and ATF will be alerted to that, but you could buy 20 assault rifles and ATF won't be alerted at all," Chipman said. "It doesn't make any sense."
The lack of regulation around bump stocks — that allows semi-automatic rifles to fire like machine guns — also makes gun regulation less effective, they said. "It's an ingenious workaround of the law," Chipman said.
Gun owners in Nevada don't need a permit to buy or possess a rifle, shotgun or handgun, according to the National Rifle Association. They can carry a firearm openly in public. Nevadans can also own machine guns or silencers, banned in other states, as long as they're legally registered and within federal compliance. The state does not prohibit possession of assault weapons, 50-caliber rifles or large-capacity ammunition magazines, according to the NRA.
A law enforcement official, who has been briefed on the matter but is not authorized to comment publicly, said police also found two tripods positioned at the hotel windows in what appeared to be a fully-equipped sniper's nest to take better aim at the crowd below.
Hundreds of rounds of ammunition were among the suspect's possessions, a cache that could have sustained them in a much longer assault, the official said.
Authorities believe that the gunman, who had no serious criminal background, purchased many of the weapons legally, though investigators were attempting to determine whether they illegally converted some to operate as fully automatic weapons, the official said.
At least some of their arsenal was purchased legally at Guns & Guitars in Mesquite.
“He passed every federal background check, every time they bought a gun,'' owner Janis Sullivan, 67, told USA TODAY.
Contributing: Kevin Johnson, USA TODAY; Associated Press
Follow Jervis on Twitter: @MrRJervis.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2kjJFK5
My wife got creative with chicken again, and as always, it turned out really delicious. I'll just give you the recipe and let you make it and judge for yourself. With it being somewhat on the tropical flavors, they made them “Tropical Rice” as a side to go with it. Mmmm mmm!
Print Panko Crusted Orange Chicken Breasts Ingredients 1/2 c. orange juice
1 T. soy sauce
1 T. rice wine vinegar
1/2 T. catsup
2 cups Panko crumbs
1/2 t. Chinese five spice Preparation Mixes together the orange juice, soy sauce, vinegar and catsup and warm for 30 seconds in microwave to incorporate ingredients. Set aside. Mix together the Panko crumbs and the Chinese five spice. Set aside. Dip chicken breasts in orange juice mixture and then dip in Panko crumb mixture. Bake in 350° F oven for 45 minutes. I spray lightly with Pam spray to make breading extra crispy and cook on a broiler pan. 3.1 http://www.smokedngrilled.com/panko-crusted-orange-chicken-breasts/
Heck, I didn't know he'd gone anywhere. – The UK Metro is reporting this morning that the “comeback album” for white rapper Eminem – the natural inheritor of the proud legacy of the great Vanilla Ice (ok, I'm JK) – is not being well-received by what I have no doubt is their legion of fans. The British writer says that the collection of what I guess are ‘songs' is getting “quite a whammy of negative comments.” And that just breaks my heart. Can you tell? I had no idea you could take the over/under bet on whether or not we go to war. – Senator Lindsey Graham is apparently angling for a future career as a Las Vegas bookmaker. “I would say there's a three in 10 chance we use the military option,” Graham predicted in an interview with a fake reporter at The Atlantic. If the North Koreans conduct an additional test of a nuclear bomb—their seventh—“I would say 70 percent.” So, if any of you are out in Vegas this weekend, put $100 down for me on the under. I'll pay you back. No, really, seriously, I'm good for it. Is there an over/under on the Mueller Investigation ever finding any evidence of actual “collusion”? – The slow-rolling coup d'etat led by Robert Mueller continued its unraveling on Thursday, as Senate Homeland Security Committee Chairman Ron Johnson (R-WI) released documents showing that the statement given by former FBI Director James Comey in July 2016, which “exonerated” Princess Pantsuit of wrongdoing in their blatantly illegal emailing activities was heavily edited. More to the point, it was heavily edited and watered down during early May, two full months before Comey had even bothered to interview the Coughing Crook or about a dozen other key witnesses in the case. The original text of the memo, written by Comey himself, states several times that the Fainting Felon was guilty of “gross negligence” in their handling of classified emails. That's important because, in the federal statutes, “gross negligence” in handling classified information happens to be a crime. But the edits watered that charge down to “extreme carelessness”, to which the governing federal statues make no reference. Voila!, the Cackling Candidate was magically exonerated. The revelation of this editing process within a highly-politicized FBI does deep damage to the already tattered reputation of James Comey, who just happens to be a key witness in the Mueller witch hunt. After all, the entire basis used by the oily Rod Rosenstein for the appointment of Mueller in the first place was Comey's illegal leaking of their meeting notes to the New York Times for publication. If Comey lied to the American people about what they had found during the Clinton investigation and when they found it, and lied to multiple congressional committees during testimony on the same subject matter, why would anyone believe anything else they have to say? The man is obviously a skunk and a snake, the very worst kind of DC Swamp creature, which I told you all they were back in July 2016. Coming as it does on the heels of so many other revelations this week about various players in the Mueller coup d'etat staff, even some hardcore Democrats are starting to come to the realization that Mueller's own credibility has been irrevocably damaged. One such hardcore Democrat is Mark Penn, who served as the head pollster for Bill Clinton, and also worked on Princess Pantsuit's senate campaign. Appearing on Fox News last night, Penn told host Martha MacCallum that they believe both Mueller and the FBI face a “crisis in public confidence.” Penn cited a recent poll conducted by Harvard in which 54% of respondents agreed that Mueller themselves has conflicts of interest that prevent them from conducting themselves fairly, and a whopping 63% believe the FBI is stonewalling congress. They also noted that this poll was conducted before this week's flood of new revelations about the horrific behavior of FBI super agent Peter Strzok and various other players on the Mueller coup staff. Folks, our country is in a major crisis. It is in that crisis because the utterly corrupted leadership at the FBI and various intelligence agencies during the Obama Administration set themselves up as a de facto fourth branch of government, a branch unaccountable to anyone. The evidence we now have at hand clearly shows that, early in 2016, that fourth branch engaged itself in a focused conspiracy in coordination with the Clinton Campaign and the DNC to try to deny Donald Trump the presidency. After Trump won the election last November, that conspiracy morphed into a focused effort to undermine them and to ultimately remove them from office. The Harvard poll cited by Mr. Penn shows that, despite the best efforts of the fake news media to avoid reporting these realities, a clear majority of Americans have begun to figure this all out. This is a big problem for Mr. Rosenstein and Mr. Mueller, because the flood of revelations isn't going to slow down anytime soon, and they really haven't left themselves any easy way to end the conspiracy they've been leading without their own culpability being fully revealed. The next few months are going to be a very interesting and perilous time for our country. Better buckle up.
Just another day in the Coup keeps unwinding America. That is all.
Follow me on Twitter at @GDBlackmon
Today's news moves at a faster pace than ever. Whatfinger.com is my go-to source for keeping up with all the latest events in real time.
Brandon Dill / AP Sheila Smith wears a sign showing support for Chick-fil-A President Dan Cathy outside the fast food chain's store on Union Avenue in Memphis, Tenn. Wednesday, Aug. 1, 2012.
Updated at 4:45 p.m. ET: In a message posted on their website Friday afternoon, former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee said they spoke personally with Chick-fil-A President Dan Cathy, who gave them a statement saying, "There continues to be erroneous implications in the media that Chick-fil-A changed our practices and priorities in order to obtain permission for a new restaurant in Chicago. That is incorrect. Chick-fil-A made no such concessions, and we remain true to who we are and who we have been."
"I am angry and disgusted," said Rick Garcia, senior policy advisor at advocacy group The Civil Rights Agenda. "Chick-fil-A lied to us and lied to the alderman so that they could open their store in Chicago."
Chick-fil-A is playing a high-stakes game of chicken, as both fans and foes of the food chain question what its new stance on gay rights really means.
Corporate reputation experts warned that Chick-fil-A was quickly alienating potential customers across the political spectrum.
"These issues are ... very difficult for brands to navigate through," said Tim Calkins, marketing professor at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. "They could've stuck to their positions and backed it up. The fact they haven't done that says clearly this whole issue has become a problem for them."
The Atlanta-based chain became embroiled in the gay marriage debate over the summer when president Dan Cathy's spoke about their belief in "traditional" marriage in an interview with a Baptist publication. Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee called for a "Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day," which drew droves of supporters to the company's stores. In response, gay-rights groups organized a "Same-Sex Kiss-In" later that week.
This week, Chicago-based advocacy group The Civil Rights Agenda announced that city Alderman Proco Joe Moreno, who had voiced objections to the proposed opening of a Chick-fil-A restaurant in their ward, had reversed their opinion after the fast-food operator had a change of heart.
Chick-fil-A said it would "treat every person with honor, dignity and respect -- regardless of their beliefs, race, creed, sexual orientation and gender." Although this was characterized by TCRA and Moreno as the first time Chick-fil-A put this in writing, the company used almost identical wording in a statement it issued back in July.
The company also pledged that its nonprofit arm, the WinShape Foundation, would "not support[ing] organizations with political agendas," and said, "our intent is not to engage in political or social debates."
Through WinShape, "Chick-Fil-A has donated more than $5 million since 2003 to anti-gay groups, including those that have been designated 'hate groups' by the Southern Poverty Law Center," according to the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation.
Initially, company spokespeople would not comment, referring only to the statement issued by the company following the furor that erupted over the summer.
Chick-fil-A says it will stop funding anti-gay groups
Chick-fil-A tried to keep the agreement under wraps, said Rick Garcia, TCRA senior policy advisor. "My perspective is they want to have it both ways," they said. “They're getting opposition all over major metropolitan areas particularly in the north... The dilemma for them is will this hurt them with the right wingers?"
The answer is probably yes. "In my last meeting with company executives, I corroborated what they told me back in January: that donations to anti-gay groups, which most concerned the LGBT community, have ceased," Moreno's statement said. Since the news broke, Chick-fil-A's Facebook page has been inundated with angry messages from people who say they are now-former supporters of the chain.
Moreno said they got verbal assurances from company executives, and they said the verbiage in the release and similar wording validated their claim, although gay rights were never specifically mentioned. They said Chick-fil-A executives also let them look at an internal accounting document from the foundation that showed no donations to groups that oppose gay marriage during this calendar year.
It's unlikely that the majority of Chick-fil-A supporters who stood online, some for hours, in the heat to buy food as part of "Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day" last month knew that the company had quietly stopped funding the anti-gay marriage cause some eight months earlier. Chick-fil-A did not release sales figures but said that the event was a "record" day for sales; one independent analyst estimated that the company could have seen a 50 percent increase in sales that day.
Moreno said they were satisfied that the references to political and social issues, along with the pledge to respect all sexual orientations in Chick-fil-A's statements, reflected a commitment to stop funding anti-gay groups. They said the somewhat vague verbiage — same-sex marriage, for instance, is never specifically mentioned as an issue — was actually better in that it implied a more inclusive brand of tolerance on Chick-fil-A's part.
They admitted, though, that relying on the company's own assertions about its donation practices was a bit of a gamble. "I'm not naive," they said, adding that the company could still "try to find a way around" keeping its word.
They didn't have to wait long. On the same day that their press release was dated, Chick-fil-A president Dan Cathy Tweeted a photo of a WinShape fundraiser called Ride for the Family, which ends Friday. The event's registration page instructed participants to make the $3,500 registration fee payable to the Marriage and Family Foundation, Inc., an organization founded by Dan Cathy's brother. Its headquarters have the same mailing address as Chick-fil-A's.
This prompted a response from TCRA. "Although The Civil Rights Agenda is pleased with the initial outcome of Chick-fil-A's agreement... more work needs to be done in holding Chick-fil-A accountable to their promises," it said in a statement Thursday evening.
"I'm discouraged by that behavior," Moreno said about Cathy's Tweet. "He has the right to have bigoted beliefs," they added.
Supporters and detractors alike can only continue to wonder where the brand's allegiances lie. Chick-fil-A issued a statement Thursday, saying "We want to provide some context and clarity in around who we are, what we believe and our priorities in relation to corporate giving." It went onto say, "Our intent is not to support political or social agendas," but it didn't mention gay rights or gay-marriage causes specifically.
"It seems to me that their change in position is half-hearted and does not seem either genuine or trustworthy," said Marcia Horowitz, senior executive vice president at public relations firm Rubenstein Associates, Inc. "As a result, it may well further inflame the issue, with both sides now dissatisfied with their response."
More money and business news:
Follow NBCNews.com business on Twitter and Facebook
KC-DEN grades: Justin Houston, Von Miller lead defenses in AFC West overtime tilt
By Jon Abbott • Nov 28, 2016
Kansas City Chiefs 30, Denver Broncos 27
Here are the highest-graded players and top takeaways from the Kansas Chiefs' overtime victory against the Denver Broncos.
Quarterback grade: Alex Smith, 57.9
Smith comes through in the clutch as Chiefs steal win in Denver
Alex Smith is always tagged with the “game manager” moniker as an NFL quarterback, and Sunday night showed why. They did not make many impressive throws throughout the night, but they did come through when the team needed them the most. Smith orchestrated the drive that ended in a game-tying touchdown and two point conversion at the end of regulation. And with a minute to go at midfield, Smith led their team inside the red zone for a game-winning field goal in overtime.
Top offensive grades:
C Mitch Morse, 76.6
WR Tyreek Hill, 76.1
HB Spencer Ware, 71.4
TE Travis Kelce, 70.6
WR De'Anthony Thomas 59.0
Hill emerges as Chiefs' reliable weapon
On a night where Smith could not find many reliable targets, Tyreek Hill produced solid offensive production to help the Chiefs win. Hill scored all of Kansas City's touchdowns with a receiving, rushing, and return touchdown. Hill also came up with the first-down catch on 4th-and-10 with 19 seconds left to put the Chiefs in position to tie the game late.
Top defensive grades:
ED Justin Houston, 92.9
LB Derrick Johnson, 79.0
DI Dontari Poe, 76.0
LB Ramik Wilson, 75.9
LB D.J. Alexander, 75.7
Justin Houston reigns terror on Broncos tackles
It appears Justin Houston has shaken off the rust from their first game, and is back to their dominant self. Houston almost singlehandedly stymied the Broncos' offense in the first half with three sacks and and four hurries that resulted in a 92.4 pass-rushing grade. Houston also stripped Trevor Siemian in the end zone, leading to a safety that forced a free kick that Tyreek Hill took to the house. Their effort was almost marred by Phillip Gaines, who gave up three long passes, two of which went for touchdowns. On the night, they gave up six receptions for 209 yards and those two touchdowns.
Quarterback grade: Trevor Siemian, 81.8
Siemian's deep shots pivotal in late comeback that falls short
Trevor Siemian turned it on late to give the Broncos the lead with some accurate deep balls that went for big gains. Siemian picked on Phillip Gaines on all three of these deep shots, two of which were to Sanders in the middle of the fourth quarter to put the Broncos up by 1. They then had what looked to be the put-away touchdown pass to Bennie Fowler on a 3rd-and-2 that went for a 76-yard touchdown. Siemian also hit Fowler in the hands on what would have put the Broncos in field-goal range late in overtime to win, but the pass fell to the ground as Fowler hit the turf. Siemian overall was good enough to earn a victory, but the team just fell short.
Top offensive grades:
C Matt Paradis, 83.7
QB Trevor Siemian, 81.8
WR Emmanuel Sanders, 81.1
HB Devontae Booker, 75.3
G Max Garcia, 69.7
Sanders' two big catches key for Broncos
Emmanuel Sanders stepped up at a crucial point in the game for the Broncos. Down a touchdown in the middle of the fourth quarter, Sanders first beat Phillip Gaines in man coverage down the left sideline for 64 yards to get the Broncos out of the shadow of their own end zone, then beat Gaines again for the 35-yard go-ahead touchdown on a post route. Sanders finished the game with seven receptions on 10 targets for 162 yards and a touchdown.
Top defensive grades:
ED Von Miller, 91.1
DI Derek Wolfe, 84.4
ED Shane Ray, 82.2
LB Todd Davis, 81.6
DI Jared Crick, 80.9
Von Miller dominant on the edge once again
Von Miller added another outstanding performance to their incredible season in this pivotal divisional matchup in primetime. Miller had three sacks, one hit, and four hurries, which netted them a 89.3 pass-rush grade. Jared Crick and Derek Wolfe helped lead the run defense—limiting the Chiefs to 3.2 yards per carry—with a combined six run stops and run-defense grades of 85.9 and 85.0, respectively.
PFF Game-Ball Winner: Justin Houston, ED, Chiefs
PFF's player grading process includes multiple reviews, which may change the grade initially published in order to increase its accuracy. Learn more about how we grade and access grades for every player through each week of the NFL season by subscribing to Player Grades.
JRR: Well, matter a fact, I was totally surprised that I got a chance to pitch that day because I had just come up at the end of the year with the Astros. And I didn't really think about Willie Mays, Willie McCovey, or Bobby Bonds, or any of those guys — superstars — being in the lineup. My thing was just to become the best that I could be and do the best job that I could do. And they told the first baseman, the reason I didn't strike them out four times because they took themselves out of the game.
BL: In your first start with Houston in 1971, you beat the Giants. In doing so, I understand that you made quite an impression on the man I consider the greatest player ever, Willie Mays. Tell us about that.
That chapter in their life ended suddenly in the summer of 1980, when Richard was felled by a stroke. In the recent book " Still Throwing Heat: Strikeouts, the Streets, and a Second Chance ," Richard reviews their career and discusses the life they have built beyond the success they enjoyed and the difficulties they have endured. The former All-Star spoke with Only A Game's Bill Littlefield.
When J.R. Richard was scheduled to pitch, batters sometimes came up with suddenly sore arms, headaches, or flu-like symptoms. At the peak of their career in the late ‘70's, when the 6-foot-8 right-hander was striking out more than 300 batters a season with a fastball that exceeded 100 mph, the Houston Astros pitcher was among the most intimidating figures in baseball.
This story is part of Only A Game's “ Time Show ” which examines how the passage of time influences sports.
See you have to realize this: Sports is a business. Nothing more or nothing less.
BL: But you did strike them out three times.
JRR: He'd rather struck out three times than be dead once.
BL: In 1980 mid-season, you collapsed during a workout. Please tell me about what happened.
JRR: Well, as far as back as I can remember, I would hear a lot of high-pitched ringing in my left ear, which I didn't think anything about it at that time. I kind of just shook it off and kept on throwing a few more. Then I threw a couple more, then I became real nauseated, and I lay down on the Astrodome floor. And the next thing I remember I was waking up in the hospital. I had been complaining to the Astros for almost a month or two about something was wrong. And if I'm such a valuable asset to the ballclub, why wasn't I immediately rushed to the doctors from Chicago when it first started? Again, if I was such a valuable asset to the company?
BL: During an interview in 1984, four years after your Major League career ended, you said, “I call what happened to me the Big Trade. I traded baseball for the life of God.” But 10 years later, after losing $1 million and a home in a business scam and two divorce settlements, you were homeless and sleeping under a bridge. What happened?
JRR: That was the only way they could really get my attention is to get me away from everybody and everything. So they could sit down and talk to me one-on-one. God did not make me to become homeless. They cared more about me than being homeless, and I know I was better than that.
BL: I'm curious about the time that you were homeless. You're 6-foot-8. You were a star in Houston, no doubt about that, a very recognizable figure. Did people who were in that homeless community of sorts know who you were?
JRR: Some did, some didn't. People'd see you. First of all they can't believe it and then no one would really want to bother you. They'd probably look at you and say, 'OK, they don't look like he's a happy camper.' I looked like I wasn't a man to be messed with at that time.
BL: Your homelessness stretched from late 1994 into 1995, but you got some help from Houston's Now Testament Church. You found a job with an asphalt company and then returned to the church as a minister. But you say in the book that even with the outside help, you helped yourself. How so?
JRR: Well, I changed my thinking, which changed my attitude. I'm not going to do the same old things and act old way cause God is right here, so — and I just simply changed my thinking and didn't accept the negativity.
BL: Did any of your ex-teammates or maybe some of the guys against whom you played in the big leagues help you out at that point?
JRR: No, they did not. Not a one. Not even [the] ballclub at that time.
BL: When you look back at your baseball career now, and I know you must have in order to go through what you went through to write this book. Are you bitter?
JRR: Not at all. Never have been bitter. It's always been the other way around. See when people don't understand who you are, when people can't control you, they have a tendency to want to destroy you. But see, you got to realize this: Sports is a business. Nothing more or nothing less.
BL: You occasionally speak at various churches and at baseball camps and now you're promoting a book. How have those activities kept you busy?
JRR: Well, I'm standing here talking to you right now. And these days, everything is real well. I'm staying close to the ministry right now because my main concern right now is God.
BL: You also have helped Houston's homeless through your ministry, right?
JRR: Yes, I have. What I'm trying to do is change their mind. They've got to have a different mindset. You see a man could eat a whole whale, but it takes one bite at a time. Or they can walk a mile, but it takes one step at a time. So if you're willing to take that step, they will make a way out of no way. See God is the only one I know who can take a mess, go in a mess, clean up a mess and come back out and don't be messy. Now you figure that out.
Bill's Thoughts On "Still Throwing Heat"
J.R. Richard was a terrific pitcher for the Houston Astros. Their fastball came in at about 100 miles an hour, and from 1975 through 1979, they rarely missed a start. Then, in 1980, they began experiencing odd symptoms: a tired arm, numbness in their fingers, and occasional blurred vision. According to Richard, nobody in the Astros organization took their complaints seriously. Some of them thought they were malingering.
Then they suffered a stroke.
[sidebar title="An Excerpt From 'Still Throwing Heat'" align="right"] Read an excerpt from "Still Throwing Heat: Strikeouts, the Streets, and a Second Chance."[/sidebar]
"Still Throwing Heat," which Richard produced with the assistance of sportswriter Lew Freedman, recounts the story of Richard's life, with an emphasis on how they have managed to put various hardships, some of them self-imposed, behind him.
As a result of bad business decisions, two divorces, and the repercussions of their illness, Richard lost their home. At one point during the mid-90's, they were living under a bridge. Of that experience they say, “So often you hear the phrase that we live in the richest country in the world, but if you are homeless, that doesn't make any difference.”
Richard credits their faith and the love of a good woman with the recovery they describe in "Still Throwing Heat." The refrain in the book is “God was the only one to turn to for me.”
Do you happen to live in or near London?
Most of the 12 “Champing,” (It appears that the Churches Conservation Trust has totally trademarked that term, BTW), locations are within a few hours of London, so this is great for folks who live in the metro:
That's also good news if you don't live in London or the UK at all but feel like you might find yourself flying into Heathrow with a few days to kill.
The Churches Conservation claims to have invented the practice of camping in abandoned churches, and they just might be right. I can't find any examples of this in the US or anywhere else for that matter.
This really is a brand-new thing. Like me, I'm sure you have questions.
And, I also know that, like me, most of you tend to love anything with info-graphics. Thankfully, the Churches Conservation has us covered:
The draw here is that you can leave the comforts of London to explore the English countryside and have a place to stay with a roof, toilet, and hundreds of years of accumulated ambiance and architectural history
And, you're helping preserve over 300 other churches currently protected by the registry that might have simply gone to ruin otherwise.
They don't hold services, you don't need to be a Christian, you don't have to share the church with strangers, and not only can you BYOB, but the CCT is looking into delivering local wines to Champers upon request.
And, when you see what some of these churches look like, along with the surrounding countryside, you might want to book a trip to London just to rent a car and drive away for a weekend.
So yeah, let's take a look at a couple of the churches that you can book.
How'd you like to get the keys to this for the weekend?:
That's St. Michael the Archangel in Booton, Norfolk, and yes, they really do give you the keys, so you can leave the church to go exploring.
But, I don't know that I'd want to leave the grounds:
And, I might even want to sleep outside in that graveyard for a night, if I can escape the sweet lure of the stained-glass alarm clocks on the inside:
St. Mary the Virgin in Fordwich, Kent is over 800 years old:
It's a bit smaller than St. Michael, but then, the town of Fordwich also happens to be the smallest in all of Britain:
Perhaps that is why their town hall, re-built in 1544, still stands, with the interior retaining all the original timber:
It also claims to be the smallest town hall in all of England.
But, there's still plenty to see back at the church as well:
Like an even creepier graveyard than the one at St. Michael, and a sweet-ass pipe organ:
And, haven't you always wanted to push a bunch of pews together into a bed?:
Sources: CCT, Champing.co.uk
Want more cool did you know? travel articles?
Check these out:
As long ago as 2009 Russian engineers knew they had some serious problems with the AL-31 family of engines that powered so many of the most modern (and exported) jet fighters. Introduced in the early 1980s to power the Su-27, a later version was used for the Su-30 in the 1990s. An even more improved version, called the AL-41, was developed for the Su-35 fifth generation fighters. But in early 2009 one of the two prototypes of the Su-35 cashed from what were later found to be "engineering defects" in one of the two AL-41 engines, which failed during takeoff. At least two Su-30s have been lost so far because of this problem.
Now India, the largest user of the Su-30, has gone public with demands that Russia do something about the high failure rate of AL-31s. India did not reveal the exact numbers of such failures (as that would reveal how low the reliability was of India's Su-30s) but was emphatic that the failure rate was too high. The Su-30 has two engines and the loss of one in flight does not automatically result in a lost aircraft because the Su-30 can land on one engine. But that puts the Su-30 out of action for a week as the incident is investigated and a new engine installed. India pointed out that the loss of one engine in combat would often be fatal. India did reveal that it now rebuilds its AL-31s after 700 hours of use instead of the recommended 1,000. AL-31s are supposed to be good for 3,000 hours and that extra rebuild is expensive and takes time.
Indian pilots are understandably nervous about the safety of the many Russian warplanes they fly. The older MiG fighters are the most dangerous and nearly half have been lost to accidents, usually because of equipment failure. The more recent Su-30 models were believed to be a lot safer. Recent problems indicate this may not be the case, thus the very public demands for Russia to fix the problems. Air force leaders are under tremendous pressure to solve the problem. Pilot training has increased, especially on how to fly a Su-30 on one engine, as have efforts to increase maintenance and safety standards. But it's all for nothing if Russia cannot fix basic design flaws.
Russian engines have long been noted for their low reliability, and short service lives. There are currently two Russian engines being built for fighter aircraft. The $4 million AL-31 (for the Su-27/30, and the Chinese J-11, J-10) and the $3 million RD-33/93 for the MiG-29 and the Chinese JF-17 (a F-16 type aircraft developed in cooperation with Pakistan) are big export items and a major source of income for the Russian firms that build them. The AL-41 is supposed to be good for 4,000 flight hours (compared to 3,000 hours for the AL-31). Accidents like the one in 2009 are expected during aircraft development, although in the last decade, Western aircraft developers have avoided such losses by doing a lot more testing via computer simulation. The AL-31/41 has been the cause of several Su-30 mishaps recently and the Russians are still seeking answers. It's is obviously not easy. The Al-31 itself is five meters (16.3 feet) long and weighs 1.6 tons. They are complex bits of engineering with thousands of precision parts. There is a lot that can go wrong. India understands this but the abnormally high number of engine failures in 2012 and 2013 and Russian inability to fix problems that have been present since before 2008 is very worrisome. It should be to Russia as well because India currently operates about 40 percent of Su-30s in service. That's twice as many as China (which operates more than Russia).
The group stage draw for Operation Kinguin #2 has been made, and two of UK's more noticeable teams have made the cut and reached the group stages. Eight groups of four teams have been drawn, with a total of 32 teams. All teams will be competing for a share of the pot which is $20,000.
The competition of which will follow the usual event specific of the GSL format but with Best-Of-Three in the group stages to determine which eight teams will go through to the single elimination bracket.
Throughout the closed qualifiers, the UK had three teams in action, with fm-eSports, nerdRage and Team Infused. Two of the UK sides were drawn together, as fm-eSports & Team Infused tried to battle it out in the group stages. fm-eSports started in impressive form, beating the Norwegian side Lions 16:9 on de_cobblestone, whilst Infused suffered a bit of a setback when they lost to LowLandLions 16:12 on de_dust2. Of course in the GSL format, the losers then play against each other, and unfortunately for Team Infused, they were ditched out of the qualifiers by Lions 16:12 on de_cache.
fm-eSports had to play LowLandLions to determine who would head into the bracket, and they beat the Dutch side 16:11 on de_cobblestone. Meanwhile in the other group, nerdRage beat eSuba 16:14 on de_dust2 and then went on to beat Polish side Refuse 16:13 on de_cache.
With the brackets in play, both UK sides had a real chance of making the group stages. Of course both sides needed one best-of-three win to progress, nerdRage managed this feat by beating Lions. However they had to find a way from a map down after losing 16:11 on de_mirage, but they soon composed themselves on de_cobblestone with a squeaky 16:14 result, and then finally seeing off the Norwegians 16:13 on de_cache.
fm-eSports however ended up losing to the French side, Platinium, 16:11 on de_overpass and 16:13 on de_cobblestone. As it was a double elimination bracket, fm-eSports had to play against Lions, and made it seemingly comfortable with 16:11 on de_inferno & 16:13 on de_mirage, thus securing their place in the group stages.
The Groups
Group A
Nation Team Name CSGL Gambit Temp.no fm-eSports
Group B
Nation Team Name E-Frag Team YP CSGO.One nerdRage
To see the full group draw then visit this helpful link: Click Here.
The competition begins tonight at 5pm GMT with the winners match on Wednesday January 20th at 5pm GMT. To follow all the action, it will be on Ding.IT which will require you to install a plugin.
I'd been toying with the idea of swapping my backpacking life for bike touring since becoming single. Life had put so many cyclists on my path after the breakup that I took it as a sign for me to “convert” and begin a new journey, figuratively and literally. So when my friend Jochen asked if I'd like to tag along to cycle a few hundred kilometers with them in Laos, a country I absolutely love, I jumped on the opportunity to test the water under the safe wing of a well-seasoned cyclist and see for myself if this way of traveling was for me.
Flying from KL to Vientiane was a breeze and the minibus from the Northern bus terminal to Vang Vieng surprisingly just as easy. I rented a mountain bike that seemed in decent shape, loaded up my stuff on the back on Jochen's bike (we couldn't find a rental with a rear rack) and, after a few restful days kicking back in beautiful Vang Vieng, set off for the hilly and sweaty road leading to Luang Prabang a few hundred kilometers ahead. I kept a diary of my first-hand impressions as I went. Here are a few extracts. Enter a lot of sticky rice, sweat and crotch pain.
DAY 1
We left Vang Vieng at around 2pm after a delicious lunch at my favorite dig, Veggie Tables. The first 15 km was a relatively flat gobsmackingly beautiful start to traveling on two wheels. The first climb of the journey came around and, since I was so bloody braced for it, didn't seem all that bad. It lasted about 5 or 6 km and ended with an exhilarating 5 km downhill. As the sun was setting and the sky becoming increasingly cloudy, we took refuge under the large terrace of a partially constructed/semi-abandoned restaurant where we decided to pitch the tent for the night. All we could find in the town's only shop were sticky rice and garlic, which we mixed with peanuts, herbes de Provence and a splash of water and, with this very humble but filling meal, all my worries about cycling the backcountry as a vegan left me. It was interesting to observe how the more we got away from touristy Vang Vieng, the more excited and interactive the local kids got. Screams of “I love you!” and “Sabaidee!” and rallies of high fives became the norm. What an amazing energy. I have no idea where we are. The feeling of going forth with no destination and no need to turn back around is just exhilarating.
DAY 2
We got up at the crack of dawn for meditation and yoga, then snacked on mangoes, bananas and dates. Pictures can't do justice to how amazing the scenery is. We cycled 10km and stopped at a market to stock up on more fruit and eat a big bowl of boiled greens and sticky rice before hitting the road again. The dreaded climb I'd read about finally came shortly thereafter and did not stop for the next 40km save for a few short-lived descents. Today I got the lot: blazing sun, 40+ degrees Celcius humid heat, lots of walking and pushing the bike up, sunburns, dehydration and bad saddle-induced cystitis. Villages and screaming kids gave ways to surreal mountainous landscapes as we got higher and higher. We finally hit a belvedere at around 6pm and since the sky was looking menacing again, decided to call it a day. I took advantage of the top notch sanitary facilities after Jochen introduced me to showering with a bum hose. Who the hell have I become to consider this pretty much the epitome of luxury? On top of the royal showering treatment, we got to stay in a room from the staff house for free, which was incredible. There was a mattress! We snacked on instant noodles and peanuts as we watched some amazing lightning over the mountains.
DAY 3
Meditation, yoga, sunrise, mountains, fruits, beautiful scenery. More hills today first hand as we hit the road. We had a rather oily snack of garlic noodles and banana fritters at the first market we encountered. My energy level wasn't exactly great as we tackled the mountains again, walking up a lot of the way. We stopped at a temple and had a long nap in the shade on a cold marble floor which was heaven. We reached a small village at around 6pm and decided to camp on the school grounds. All we had was sticky rice, garlic, ginger, rancid peanuts and some chives and cherry tomatoes we had foraged, which we boiled in water and made a soup that would have been delicious had the peanuts not been rancid. I did enjoy the camping cooking however. Feels wild.
DAY 4
Meditation and yoga. Mangoes and bananas. We met our first and only cyclist of the journey about 5km into our day and stopped for a chat with them which turned out to be a stoner monologue on their part. I wondered if cycling did that to them and if the same awaits me when I start cycling on my own?! We climbed some more before getting to a viewpoint where we ate a bowl of boiled greens with garlic, some rice and a vegetable baguette. We had a hard time finding shelter on the hot hours of the day for napping and ended up laying the yoga mats under a tree right by the roadside. Shortly after we took off again came an exhilarating 20 km downhill followed by another seemingly endless climb and finally another long downhill. During a walking stretch, we passed an odd looking boy armed with a sling shot. They took advantage of Jochen being several metres ahead to grope me very inappropriately. This really upset me and massively shook my confidence for doing this solo cycling thing. It got me so angry about the limitations that still come with being a woman – no matter how liberated we feel most of the time, we still face inevitable troubles. Will this ever change? How safe will I be as a solo female cyclist in South East Asia? This happening on my first ever bike tour whilst accompanied by a man is some serious food for thought…
Bought a bunch of veggies from a market and had an al fresco shower outside a gas station before setting camp in a corn field and eating a delicious salad in the bright moonlight. Brilliant.
DAY 5
Skipped yoga to have an early start and catch the morning market in Luang Prabang. The last 20km were unfortunately not that picturesque with quarries on either side of the road (which has grown increasingly flat) most of the way. And before I knew it, we'd reached Luang Prabang. I did it! We ate little banana leaf parcels of red sticky rice with coconut at the market before setting out to find an actual bed in an actual guesthouse with an actual shower, the well-deserved luxurious reward to a gruesome 4 days of cycling that's left both my mind and my heart full and had me wanting more.
Sure cycling in Northern Laos wasn't easy. There were definitely some ups and downs (pun intended), but it was so rewarding. I've learned that becoming a cyclist can be scary at times – especially when it comes to feeling safe as a woman – but these were valuable lessons to learn. Mostly, what I appreciated was the cycling – not as a mean of getting from a to b – and it not being about the speed or destination, but rather about the journey. I feel that in a way I got a glimpse of the South East Asia I'd hoped to find all those years ago, out of the main touristy and jaded path. Bicycle touring: we have a date.
For more Laos itinerary ideas, check out my friend Lotte's guide!
We're extremely delighted to announce that four musical artists we deeply respect are joining the Sync Project. Our new advisors – Rock and Roll Hall of Famer Peter Gabriel; Grammy Award-winning alternative artist, Annie Clark (St. Vincent); critically acclaimed electronic musician, Mercury Music Prize and Ivor Novello nominee, Jon Hopkins; and distinguished composer and conductor, Esa-Pekka Salonen – will work with our team on product strategy as we develop music as precision medicine.
When we asked Peter, why they decided to become an advisor, this is what they said: “Our senses provide us with different ways of inputting and experiencing ideas and emotions and also provide wonderful opportunities to change our physical and mental health. A good collection of music has always been used as a box of mood pills. I am delighted that The Sync Project is now using evidence-based science to explore and develop real tools and a platform to engage sound and music in the practice of medicine.”
Peter, Annie, Jon and Esa-Pekka are all using technology in creative ways to push the boundaries of what music can be. We feel very lucky that they have chosen to apply their creative focus to work with us on the Sync Project.
The new advisors will join our existing scientific advisors including Robert Zatorre, Ph.D., Professor of Neurology and Neurosurgery at the Montreal Neurological Institute at McGill University; Adam Gazzaley, M.D., Ph.D., Director of the Neuroscience Imaging Center and Professor of Physiology, Psychology and Psychiatry at the University of California, San Francisco; Tristan Jehan, Ph.D., Founding Chief Technology Officer of The Echo Nest (Spotify). We are excited by the breakthroughs that may come from this unique collaboration of world-renowned musical artists and scientists.
Below please find a bit more about each of our new advisors.
Marko, Yadid and Ketki
From MozillaZine Knowledge Base
Firefox includes many features to make the browser and web content accessible to all users, including those who have low vision, no vision, or limited ability to use a keyboard or mouse.
In addition to the information and resources listed in this article, you may also post accessibility questions to the Firefox Support forum.
Using the keyboard
Keyboard shortcuts
A list of common keyboard shortcuts is can be accessed from the Firefox Help menu ("Help -> Help Contents" or F1) and online. A comparison chart of keyboard shortcuts implemented in Firefox, Internet Explorer, Opera, and other popular browsers can be found here.
Note that, in the examples below, 'accel' means the 'Ctrl' key on Windows, and 'Cmd' on Mac. On Unix, 'accel' usually means Ctrl, but it can be set to Alt [1].
Allow text to be selected with the keyboard
Allow text to be selected with the keyboard allows you to move through web content as if you were inside a read-only editor. You can use the keyboard to select web content and copy it to the clipboard. You can enable this feature by selecting Tools/Options (or Preferences on Mac), opening the "General" tab in the "Advanced" panel, and checking the "Allow text to be selected with the keyboard" option.
You can press F7 at any time to turn this feature on or off. When you press F7, Firefox will ask if you really want to turn on this feature. You can disable this prompt by selecting "Don't show this dialog again."
You can fine-tune the behavior of Allow text to be selected with the keyboard with these preferences:
Begin finding when you begin typing
Begin finding when you begin typing allows you to quickly navigate to text or hyperlinks in a web page without opening a separate dialog. This feature has two modes. Press / and start typing to search all text on the current page, or press ' before your string to search hyperlinks only. Firefox will highlight matching text or hyperlinks as you type.
The following keyboard shortcuts control this feature:
Type more characters to narrow your search. Firefox will highlight the next matching hyperlink or text or alert you that nothing matched.
Press accel + G or F3 to find the next occurrence of your current search string.
Press accel + shift + G or shift + F3 to find the previous occurrence of your current search string.
Press Backspace to undo the last character you typed. Firefox will back up to the previously highlighted text.
Press Esc to cancel a search. You can also cancel a search by changing focus, scrolling the page with the mouse or keyboard, or simply waiting for the timeout.
You can change the default behavior of this feature by selecting Tools/Options (or Preferences on Mac), opening the "General" tab of the "Advanced" panel, and checking the "Begin finding when you begin typing" option. If this option is checked, you can start typing at any time to auto-start an inline search. By default auto-started searches look for all text on the page. You can still explicitly press ' or / to start finding in one mode or the other.
You can use this feature to get to buttons, text boxes and other form controls. Search for the text immediately before the form control you want and press Tab. Pressing Tab automatically exits the search and sets focus to the next form field or button after the highlighted text.
You can fine-tune the behavior of Begin finding when you begin typing with these preferences:
Fonts and colors
Overriding page fonts
Some web sites may display text in fonts that are difficult to read, and other sites may rely on the browser's default fonts. You can set your default fonts by going to Tools/Options (or Preferences on Mac), selecting the "Content" panel, and selecting a default font and size in the "Fonts & Colors" section.
Immediately after the default font and size selection, you can click the "Advanced..." button to specify default fonts for different styles, including serif, sans-serif, and monospace. However, many web pages specify their own fonts, so your choices here will have no effect on such pages. To override the fonts defined by such pages, uncheck the "Allow pages to choose their own fonts, instead of my selections above" option.
A button for "Page Fonts" can be created with Custom Toolbar Buttons Maker , button has a large "A" (toggles on/off).
Note that some web pages may display incorrectly depending on your choice of a default font.
Setting a minimum font size
Some web sites may display text which is too small to read comfortably. To make such pages easier to read, you can set a minimum font size. On web pages that try to display text smaller than this size, Firefox will enlarge the text to your chosen size.
To set a minimum font size, go to Tools/Options (or Preferences on Mac) and select the "Content" panel. In the "Fonts & Colors" section, immediately after the default font and size selection, click the "Advanced" button. You can specify a minimum font size from the dropdown menu.
Note that some web pages may display incorrectly depending on your choice of a minimum font size.
Resizing page text
You can temporarily change the size of text on any web page in the View > Text Size menu. The new size will remain in effect until you close your browser window or tab, even if you navigate to a different web site.
The following keyboard shortcuts control text size. As noted above, 'accel' means the 'Ctrl' key on Windows and, usually, on Unix, and the 'Cmd' key on Mac.
Press accel + + to increase the text size. This zooms the text to 120% of its original size, then 150%, 200%, 300%, 450%, 675%, 1013%, and 1519%.
Press accel + - to decrease the text size. This zooms the text to 90% of its original size, then 50%, 33%, 22%, 15%, 10%, 7%, 4%, 3%, 2%, and 1%.
Press accel + 0 to reset the text size to the web page's default size.
Note that some web pages may display incorrectly if you increase or decrease the text size. In Firefox 3: When Text and Images are zoomed together by default, some column widths or other containers may be dependent upon image size, so enlarging both may cause page to enlarge horizontally forcing use of horizontal scrolling to see text that would normally wrap within a smaller area.
Additional information can be found in Zoom text of web pages.
Overriding page colors
Some web sites may display text and background colors that are difficult to read, and other sites may rely on the browser's default colors. You can set your default colors by going to Tools/Options (or Preferences on Mac) and selecting the "Content" panel. In the "Fonts & Colors" section, click the "Colors..." button. Here you can set default text and background colors, as well as default colors for visited and unvisited hyperlinks. You can also specify whether hyperlinks should be underlined.
However, many web pages set their own colors, so your choices will have no effect. To override the colors defined by web pages, uncheck the "Allow pages to choose their own colors, instead of my selections above" option.
A button for "Page Colours" can be created with Custom Toolbar Buttons Maker , button has a tri-color color wheel (toggles on/off).
Additional information can be found in Use my colors for some conceptual alternatives to use of Tools, Options, Content, Fonts and Colors to specify font, links, and background colors and whether to allow pages to override your default color choices.
Overriding all page formatting
To override all page styling (chrome) to use your default colors, fonts, and Firefox's default style page go to "View" menu > Page Style > No Style.
A toggle button can be created by the "Read Easily extension with a large red "A", or a "Toggle Styles" button can be created with Custom Toolbar Buttons Maker.
Readability features can be toggled with either a bookmarklet or an extension to make reading on the Web more enjoyable by removing the clutter around what you are reading, enlarging text, and eliminating most images and videos to show only the essential text of a web page.
Using a high contrast theme
On Windows and Linux-based systems, Firefox automatically detects if you are using a high contrast theme and displays everything in your high contrast color scheme. This overrides all other other browser or web page settings, and it affects the Firefox interface itself (all menus, windows, and dialog boxes) and the content of any web page you visit.
To use a High Contrast theme on Windows, go to Start Menu > Control Panel > Accessibility Options > Display and check the "Use High Contrast" option.
Controlling web content
Turning Off Java applets
Some web pages provide a rich interactive experience with Java applets. However, some users that rely on keyboard navigation may experience problems with some Java applets that automatically set focus and do not provide a way to "break out" of the applet and navigate to the rest of the web page. If this is a problem for you, you can disable Java by going to Tools/Options (or Preferences on Mac), selecting the "Content" and unchecking the "Enable Java" option.
Restricting JavaScript behavior
You can turn off JavaScript entirely by going to Tools/Options (or Preferences on Mac), selecting the "Content" panel, and unchecking "Enable JavaScript". Some web pages rely on JavaScript and may not work properly if JavaScript is disabled.
If you do not wish to disable JavaScript entirely, there are also a number of advanced JavaScript settings to restrict the behavior of scripts. Immediately after the "Enable JavaScript" checkbox, click the "Advanced" button to open the "Advanced JavaScript Settings" window. Here you can control whether scripts are allowed to move or resize existing windows, raise or lower windows, disable or replace context menus, hide the status bar, or change status bar text.
Advanced accessibility preferences
Controlling focused elements
Controlling access keys
Fine-tuning mouse behavior
Customizing scrollbars
Fine-tuning web content
Scrolling behavior
Spell check behavior
See also
External links
A bill by East Bay Assemblyman Rob Bonta would put unsafe handguns into the hands of many more government employees. Their “primary duty” is supposed to be “enforcement of the laws,” but most of them do not pursue dangerous criminals. If they need handguns, they should use safer ones on the roster of guns approved for sale in California.
Here's the background. In 1999 and 2003, a broad-based violence prevention coalition passed California laws establishing safety standards for handguns sold in the state. The California Department of Justice tested handguns and created a roster of guns that can be sold in California.
The laws worked. By 2014, California's rate of unintentional firearm deaths had fallen to less than one-fourth the rate of the rest of the country.
The California laws allowed certain categories of trained peace officers to purchase off-roster handguns. But a problem developed. When some officers who could not legally obtain off-roster pistols showed their IDs to gun dealers, the dealers (illegally) sold them unsafe off-roster handguns.
Now supporters of AB 2165 say it would be expensive for California to replace those unsafe handguns with safer ones. But this supposedly cost-saving “fix” would be dreadfully expensive in human lives, grief, injuries and medical costs.
Off-roster pistols are unsafe even for highly trained officers. Glocks, for example, have a dangerously light trigger pressure and short trigger pull, no external manual safety and no loaded chamber indicator or magazine disconnect safety to prevent a round hidden in the chamber from being fired when the magazine has been removed.
In a Los Angeles Times op-ed, “Why the Police Shouldn't Use Glocks,” firearms instructor Bob Owens explained how “accident-prone” they are. Within a decade after the Washington D.C. Police Department adopted Glocks, they had contributed to 120 accidental discharges, 19 officers had wounded themselves or others with them, and D.C. had paid $1.4 million in damages.
One reason this bill is dangerous is that so many additional employees would be allowed to use unsafe handguns. The list includes, for example, employees of Fish and Game, parks and recreation, Consumer Affairs, DMV and many types of inspectors and investigators.
Off-roster handguns demand extensive training and frequent retraining. But AB 2165 requires only introductory training and the bill is unclear how often they would have to requalify. Yet many would carry unsafe handguns — concealed or openly — in public, as well as to their homes.
Peace officers are now able to sell their firearms to the public. If this bill becomes law, thousands more government employees could legally sell their off-roster handguns in private sales. This may be the most worrisome aspect of the bill.
AB 2165 would also tempt more government workers to profit from their access to off-roster handguns by illegally dealing in these firearms without a license. Officers have already been convicted of doing so. In 2015, two former Sacramento County Sheriff's Deputies were found guilty of purchasing more than 60 off-roster handguns and quickly reselling them at inflated prices, according to ATF.
Many guns, including off-roster handguns, have also been lost or stolen from law enforcement and used in deadly crimes or sold to consumers. In 2015, NBC News reported that 500 guns were missing from eight different Bay Area law enforcement agencies since 2010.
The gun industry has been searching for ways to sell handguns into California that do not meet our safety standards, and AB 2165 may be its backdoor.
If AB 2165 becomes law, thousands more government employees will begin using off-roster unsafe handguns. They and their families will be less safe and so will the public.
More unsafe handguns will be lost or stolen and more will be trafficked illegally and used in deadly crimes. AB 2165 should be defeated or tightly amended.
Griffin Dix's son was killed in an unintentional shooting with a pistol that lacked a prominent loaded chamber indicator.  They are a resident of Kensington.
Wyre Bot For WeChat & Facebook
Utilizing WeChat & Facebook Messenger for business invoicing
Wyre Blocked Unblock Follow May 24, 2017
By Michael Dunworth.
China and the US are absolute behemoths when it comes to global trade, with over 1,000,000,000 (that's 1 billion) invoices issued between the two countries over the past 12 months. Our team at Wyre has built the fastest business payment service between the two countries, and has been experimenting with ways to continue to innovate and improve how we serve our thousands of customers.
One experiment we were excited about was providing a very lightweight tool for simple invoicing direct from our customers' favorite platforms in China to foreign partners based in the US or Hong Kong. It felt like a great way to test how digitally enabled companies could begin to streamline commercial relationships on platforms they were already using regularly. We're proud to share that we've built Wyre Bot — the first blockchain payments tool on WeChat and Facebook.
After searching out through a lot of the new bot platforms and startups, we saw that the leading one for cross-platform deployment was Recime. As WeChat is critical to our customers, and other bot services don't have it or prioritize it.
Features
Access and Use the ubiquitous bot across WeChat & Facebook
Generate Payment Invoice
Raise Customer Support Tickets via Chat
Authenticate and Store Invoices On Blockchain For Fraud Protection
Generate Payment Invoice
Many businesses are overwhelmingly using WeChat as a means of communication. However, the business systems they rely on for order management and invoicing are not on this platform; which forces users to switch between multiple systems for even the most simple transaction. Below is an example of using the Wyre WeChat bot to execute an invoice.
What's happening in the above demonstration
The supplier provides the transaction details to the Wyre Bot
The Wyre Bot generates an invoice in .pdf format and sends an email
Both the supplier requesting the invoice and person paying the invoice are cc'd on the email from Wyre
Invoice will be hashed and stored on the blockchain (see why this is important below)
Raise Customer Support Tickets
While users are right there in the messenger platform, we thought the Wyre Bot would be even more useful if it allowed users to resolve customer support issues with us at the same time. With the Wyre Bot, you can message support and we mark it as a prioritized ticket to our customer support team, which is great for you! You just enter your email address and voila — our team will respond.
Example customer support ticket via Wyre Bot on WeChat
Authenticate and Store Invoices Securely on the Blockchain
As a very simple addition for our customers, we stamp the hash of the invoice the recipients get, onto the blockchain. We do this periodically throughout the day on the hour.
The simplicity of spoofing emails, and making a look-a-like invoices seemed like it could be prone to scams and mis-representation of the service to customers.
Here's an example of the ASCII input data on the transaction
Invoices generated by the bot have their hash stored on the blockchain. This avoids the need for you to worry about whether or not we sent you the invoice. If it's on the blockchain, then it's from us.
In the example above, we've got 5 different invoices that we've taken the hash of, and put into the blockchain as seen here in the HEX input of this transaction. We are also eagerly awaiting for new technical features such as RSK being deployed on blockchain protocols, and will use these new technologies to build useful new features for our customers.
This feels a little understated on it's importance, but in this day and age, it's so simple to forge an invoice and impersonate. This is our way of combating that. This could've saved Google and Facebook over $100M.
Future Applications
While this is very much experimental for us, and our customer base, the future is bright. Based on demand, we see a lot more applications that this bot will be able to do for our customers. Such as:
Execute payment directly through the bot
Multi-invoicing in one request
Usage across other platforms (WhatsApp, Slack, Line, Viber)
More currency pairs (Euro, British pound, Mexican peso, Japanese yen)
Conclusion
Wyre is built on-top of public blockchain technology and currently provides cross-border payment solutions for large scale enterprises and payment companies through a robust API, and client dashboard. If there are ways that we can simplify cross-border commerce then we see that as a huge value add for everyone involved.
There is no easier way to receive payments from foreign clients, and it's only going to be getting better.
Feel free to let us know
What you think of this experiment
What features you want to see
What platforms you want it on next
Get started on Facebook or WeChat now.
Scan to start chatting. Messenger Bot (Left) & WeChat Bot (Right)
Thanks guys!
Kind regards,
Michael.
Little Astros fan snags foul ball, promptly gives it up to even littler Astros fan
As this season has shown, you can catch a foul ball in a hilariously wide variety of ways. But uniting them all is the one Golden Rule of foul ball etiquette: always, always, always give that thing up to whatever young fan is closest to you. Which makes what happened during Wednesday night's Rangers-Astros game all the more remarkable.
Adrian Beltre fouled one off down the first-base line, and the ball ended up in the glove of an eager young 'Stros fan. No reason to overthink this one, right?
BUT WAIT:
Really, the kid didn't have anything to lose by hanging on to the ball: He's well within the age range where it's socially appropriate to pocket it and have everyone around them pat on them the back. Instead, though, they immediately gave it to an even tinier fan nearby, ensuring the sanctity of the unwritten rules of foul ball etiquette for generations to come -- and causing the fans around them to line up to shake their hand, which is probably just as cool of a souvenir.
Back during the 2016 Republican National Convention I said that after their acceptance speech then-vice-presidential nominee Mike Pence had become the de facto leader of the conservative movement.
Pence's steady performance during the 2016 campaign only served to convince me that I was right, as they steadily and solidly shored-up candidate Donald Trump's right flank during the often-chaotic days of the campaign.
And once in office Pence has continued to quietly and steadily offer leadership to conservatives on a wide variety of issues, while serving as the steady conservative voice whispering in President Trump's ear.
Now, some of my conservative friends are going to speak-up at this point and say, “But Richard, Pence was silent when this or that issue hit the front page.”
Or some other friend is going to pipe-up and ask me what kind of “leadership” is it when Vice President Pence didn't publicly disagree with the President on some issue where President Trump deviated from the four corners of our conservative agenda.
And someone else will point-out that the Vice President hasn't joined us in our justifiable frustration with the lack of legislative progress on the conservative agenda and hasn't publicly criticized the failures of the Republican leadership on Capitol Hill.
My answer to these friends would be, “It's smart leadership.”
I'm reminded that in my 56+ years of involvement in the conservative movement at the national level we've only had one conservative president – Ronald Reagan.
When Senator Barry Goldwater suffered their spectacular – but principled – loss in 1964, it wasn't a given that Ronald Reagan would become the leader of the conservative movement.
But as I pointed out in my book TAKEOVER, Ronald Reagan fulfilled what I call “Viguerie's Four Horsemen of Marketing”:
• Position (a hole in the marketplace)
• Differentiation
• Benefit
• Brand (it's what makes you singular or unique)
Reagan became the leader of the conservative movement by filling the hole in the marketplace left by Goldwater's epic defeat.
In 1964 Reagan was a fresh face, different from the Old Right conservatives. Probably their greatest benefit when compared to other potential candidates was their skill as a communicator, which made them electable; and their position, differentiation, and benefit established their brand, and their days on TV and in the movies had made it trusted.
In other words, conservatives needed a salesperson, and Ronald Reagan, their skills honed in Hollywood, television, and on the dinner circuit, was the best salesperson for conservative ideas the self-made entrepreneurs of their early “kitchen cabinet” ever saw.
Through Reagan's leadership we conservatives won a historic victory in 1980, and we were anxious to get everything done at once.
It didn't happen that way, and we were often frustrated.
Few seem to remember it now, but conservatives didn't get everything we wanted, on the schedule we wanted it, when Reagan was president – and we were not bashful about criticizing the President when we felt they aren't producing.
And President Reagan – the wise leader that they were – responded.
For example, when conservatives expressed dissatisfaction with the Reagan administration's efforts to get restrictions on abortion passed through Congress, the President acted by issuing an Executive Order.
Sometimes there was debate, sometimes they were clearly annoyed, but we always knew that we had a seat at the table and that we were being heard.
And we knew that our agenda was not being ignored, even if it was not being worked on at the speed we wanted, and in the exact order we wanted things done.
And that is the same kind of leadership style I see in Vice President Mike Pence.
We all know President Trump isn't a movement conservative, he's a patriotic business person with some conservative instincts – and that's left a hole in the marketplace.
I see Mike Pence doing the same things Ronald Reagan did to fill that hole; differentiating themselves from other conservative leaders, demonstrating the benefits of their steady and effective advancement of our cause and building their brand.
If there's a conservative group that Mike Pence hasn't spoken to I'm unaware of it. And if there's a conservative leader whose advice and input they haven't sought, I don't think I've met them or them
And more importantly, if there's an issue of concern to conservatives that the Vice President hasn't been willing to take to the President, I haven't heard about it.
It would be a lot more fun and exciting if Mike Pence were the kind of leader who would lead us in a charge up Capitol Hill, but that's not likely to happen – and for good reason.
I know it will shock many of my longtime friends who know me as one of the original conservative insurgents – one who worked against the Republican establishment for Senators Bob Taft and Barry Goldwater and who helped elect President Ronald Reagan – but that, in my opinion, is not the kind of leadership we conservatives need right now.
What the conservative movement needs right now is a leader who will be effective in quietly pushing President Trump and Congress to the Right, and who in so doing will prepare our movement for its next great opportunity – the election of our second conservative president of the modern era. And today, more than any other public figure, Vice President Mike Pence is filling that hole in the marketplace.
In 1982, Harvard Medical School psychiatrist Anne E. Becker was still an undergraduate at Radcliffe when they traveled to Fiji for a summer of anthropology fieldwork.
What struck them about this South Pacific island nation — and has in many research trips since — was “the absolute preoccupation with food and eating,” they said. “Family and social life really revolve around food. … It's all about food, all the time.”
In a March 11 lecture at Radcliffe Gymnasium, Becker described “the rhetoric of encouragement” older women used to draw passersby into lavish meals. Afterwards, they said, eaters “unbutton, they unzip, they just lie down where they are. … That's a good meal in Fiji.”
The centrality of food, in part, is a cultural artifact of a traditional economy based on the shifting fortunes of subsistence agriculture. Who knew when the next run of fish would come, or how good the crops would be?
So prosperity has traditionally been associated with food, and with hefty figures. In women especially, Fijians “appreciate large, robust bodies,” said Becker.
But that ideal body type is now on a collision course with the Western ideal that equates beauty with thinness. This clash of cultures has affected adolescent girls most deeply, they said, and has engendered mental health implications.
Since that first trip to Fiji, Becker has earned a raft of Harvard degrees: an A.B. in 1983 (when they were awarded Radcliffe's Captain Jonathan Fay Prize for outstanding scholarly work); an M.D./Ph.D. in 1990; and a Sc.M. (in epidemiology) in 1995.
Today she's an associate professor of anthropology and psychiatry at Harvard Medical School, and director of the Eating Disorders Clinical and Research Program at Massachusetts General Hospital.
Inspired by what is now more than two decades of research in Fiji, Becker is a student of eating habits and self-image in an ancient native culture now beset by the pressures of modernity.  They are the author of “Body, Self, and Society: The View from Fiji” (University of Pennsylvania Press, 1995).
Becker oversaw a 1995-98 study that measured the effect of television on cultural norms. (Television was only catching on in Fiji in 1995. A decade before, even electricity was rare.)
The results were startling. In 1995, without television, girls in Fiji appeared to be free of the eating disorders common in the West. But by 1998, after just a few years of sexy soap operas and seductive commercials, 11.3 percent of adolescent girls reported they at least once had purged to lose weight.
To illustrate this rapid transformation of ideals, Becker quoted from the 1998 interviews. “I want their body,” said one girl of the Western shows they watched. “I want their size.”
By the glow of television, young girls in Fiji “got the idea they could resculpt their lives,” said Becker — but they also began to “think of themselves as poor and fat.”
Television brought with it “a social storm” of many dimensions, they said. For one, it dislocated traditional clans. Becker showed a picture of the chief's family in their living room. To one side was a television, and on the other was a treadmill.
Television and other Western influences also stimulated an appetite for consumer goods hardly anyone could afford. Becker gave an example: To feed their family one meal at McDonald's, a farmer would have to grow and cut one ton of sugar cane.
The changing social environment also took its toll on mental health. In 2007, Becker started a school-based study within one wedge-shaped section of Viti Levu, Fiji's main island. More than 520 girls filled out questionnaires, and 300 consented to interviews.
Becker found that disordered eating habits were “alive and well in Fiji,” with 45 percent of girls reporting they had purged in the last month. (In some cases, they got traditional herbal purgatives from their mothers.)
Ironically, the same girls sometimes used appetite stimulants, they found. They feared what in Fijian is called macake, a disorder that suppresses the appetite — inviting the thinness disparaged by traditional culture.
Becker's study also revealed a dissonance between the reality of the girls' lives (poor and agrarian) and their expectations (rich and cosmopolitan). Nearly 80 percent of the girls said they planned on professional careers. That included being an airline hostess. “They only want thin girls,” one respondent said.
But there was a backstory to this overarching narrative, said Becker: violence and despair. Among the girls interviewed, nearly 25 percent reported thoughts of suicide in the year before. This frame of mind often followed beatings; 15 percent of the girls reported such physical attacks.
At Radcliffe, Becker is working through their recent Fiji data to unpack the social context of eating disorders and suicidal ideation among adolescent girls. One question is natural, they said: What can be done?
In the search for what they called “pragmatic and moral solutions,” Becker said it does not help that Fiji's mental health infrastructure is deficient. New Zealand and Australia, neighboring Pacific nations, set aside an average of 10 percent of health budgets for mental issues. Fiji sets aside 1.7 percent.
Schools might take on a mental health role, but they are struggling, said Becker. Intervention with parents is a limited option. For one, many mothers support their daughters wanting to be thin. It's a way of supporting their ambition of escaping the island for a better life.
Becker is struggling for the answers. Multiple approaches, they said — epidemiology, ethnography, and clinical medicine — may shake loose the key.
In the end, it may be beyond one researcher to represent a distant people's authentic experiences. Becker quoted the postmodern anthropologist Renato Rosaldo: “Good ethnographers still have limits and their analyses always are incomplete.”
By Patrick Scott Patterson Posted on Jan 8, 2016
The topic of women in the video game world is sometimes a polarizing topic today. Headlines often tout the fact that around half of video game players today are women, statistics that some choose to deny. Others, both within the mainstream media and gaming culture itself, act as if this is some sort of new development. The truth is, women have always been gamers and have always made up a considerable percentage of those who game. For whatever reasons, the media seems to forget that almost as often as they forget that the debate over violent video games has existed for decades. Forgetting history, however, doesn't change the facts.
Much like the debate over violent video games, the topic of women gamers goes back to the very first decade of consumer video games themselves. In 1977, arcade company Gremlin introduced Hustle, a game most players today would call Snake. To promote the game, Gremlin took two expert players around the country, issuing an open challenge to anyone who thought they could beat the Hustle experts. Few people succeeded, with Gremlin's champions winning almost all of the 1,240 challenges they faced in the 12-city tour. The names of the Gremlin gaming gurus were Sabrina Osment and Lynn Reid, both women. Technically speaking, the duo could be and probably should be considered the first-ever professional gamers, a tag that instead has been tied to a male gamer for quite some time. When the North American video game industry boomed in 1981, so did the topic of women gamers. Apparently unaware of Gremlin's Hustle experts, various media across the country noted that women were coming into video arcades in droves. The topic made the cover of Electronic Games Magazine in 1982 while operator reports on the perceived phenomena appeared in the pages of Play Meter Magazine and Replay Magazine, as well as various books at the time. Games such as Pac-Man and Centipede are most often credited for being the draw, but no games at the time seriously appealed to more than one demographic than the other. In fact, the longest standing "world record" video game score belongs to a woman named Laura Curran, who set the all-time score on Exidy's Star Fire on January 4, 1982
Following the North American Video Game Crash of the mid-1980s, the industry seemed to once again hit the selective memory button in regards to this topic. As the Nintendo Entertainment System exploded in popularity in the second half of that decade, video games were once again considered toys meant only for young boys. Information in various video game magazines, however, countered this claim as the pages of publications such as Nintendo Power and GamePro saw numerous listings of high scores by women and reader letters from both men and women alike who were enjoying that new era of video gaming.
Howard Phillips, the face of Nintendo of America during this time period, made mention of the misconceptions about both age and gender of video gamers in a television news report in 1990. In the report, Phillips even seems to think that the female gender was new to the video game world, but nonetheless tried to shake the misconception on camera, stating that girls and women were making up 30 percent of their consumer base. At the time, Nintendo held an insane 90 percent of the North American video game console market, meaning their customer demographics could be seen as representative of the industry as a whole at the time.
Get the latest Flash Player
Learn more about upgrading to an HTML5 browser Adobe Flash Player or an HTML5 supported browser is required for video playback. The women of the NES era, like Osment, Reid and Curran before them, were also anything but casual players. Several girls and women won their age categories in various cities on the Nintendo World Championships 1990 tour, including Heather Martin, Colleen Cardas and Donna Thomas. The winning players in each age group in each city had to win out over thousands of participants on a three-game gauntlet including Super Mario Bros., Rad Racer and Tetris.
However, once again, the facts did not overcome the fiction. For whatever reasons, video game marketing throughout the 1990s was unquestionably aiming for the young male demographic, which is perhaps why it is believed today that women gamers are somehow something new to the industry. Modern media and many gaming discussion groups continue to act as if women are somehow something new to the industry, when in fact they have been a significant part of it since the very start. In time, perhaps this misconception can be fully snuffed out and the history of video gaming demographics can finally be seen as it actually happened.
This article is over 2 years old
Clip posted online allegedly shows pug appearing to make Nazi gesture in front of screen showing footage of Adolf Hitler
A man has been arrested over an online video that reportedly shows a dog making a Nazi salute.
The 28-year-old, from Coatbridge in North Lanarkshire, faces hate crime charges over the video, Police Scotland said.
The clip allegedly shows a pug sitting in front of a screen showing footage of Adolf Hitler and appearing to make Nazi salutes.
Officers said the video had been shared online and “caused offence and hurt to many people in our community”.
A Police Scotland spokesperson said: “A 28-year-old man was arrested on Thursday 28 April in relation to the alleged publication of offensive material online (improper use of electronic communications under the Communications Act 2003).
“A report has been submitted to the procurator fiscal.”
DI David Cockburn said: “Posting offensive material online or in any other capacity will not be tolerated and police will act swiftly to tackle hate crimes that are motivated by malice or ill-will because of faith, ethnicity, gender identity, sexual orientation or disability.
“This clip has been shared and viewed online, which ultimately has caused offence and hurt to many people in our community. There is no place for hate crime in Scotland and police take all reports of incidents seriously.”
Maybe you're sick to death of hearing about closed primaries, too few debates and Katherine Harris... er, I mean, Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
You probably know about the ridiculous coin tosses that Hillary won a statistically impossible number of, and the laughable conduct of the Nevada chairperson to suppress the rights of the Sanders supporters.
Advertisement:
More under the radar are the numerous exit polls which showed Sanders doing much better than they actually did in several primaries, and let's not forget the 125,000 people mysteriously not on the Democratic rolls on primary day in NY. What this shows are that it's not just the Bernie v. Hillary contest that has proven to be rigged. Nor is it just the national party led by Wasserman Schultz, Clinton, and Harry Reid that is hopelessly corrupt. Sanders always says that revolutions start from the bottom up, but in the case of the Democrats the corruption starts at the top and trickles down. Now, in 2016, the party is a disaster at every level.
Sadly, the primary shenanigans are only one tune from the Democrats double album of skullduggery.
Over the awful din of the primaries you may have missed some of the party's other hits.
Colorado is voting this year on Amendment 69 which would create a system to pay every state resident's (except Medicare recipients) health care costs. Democratic consultants are raking it in to help Coloradans for Coloradans, a health care industry group defeat the measure. On the payroll are Global Strategies Group who advise one of Hillary's super pacs, Priorities USA, The Hilltop group (composed of ex-Obama campaign staff) and the Trimpa Group (run by a Democratic strategist).
In Pennsylvania the Democratic party is spending over $1 million to foist fracking lobbyist Katie McGinty off on voters in the Senate election against Pat Toomey. They are trying to stop former three term Congressman Joe Sestak who will not accept the party's directives. Sestak who has a stellar labor voting record defeated ex Republican Arlen Specter also the recipient of massive Democratic party support in 2010 and narrowly lost 51-49 to Toomey in one of the worst years for Democrats ever.
The DSCC is pulling its hair out over the Senate primary campaign of liberal firebrand Alan Grayson in Florida. Obama, Biden and Harry Reid are all endorsing their opponent, the former Republican, Congressman Patrick Murphy who contributed to Mitt Romney in 2008.
Advertisement:
In Colorado, again, Democratic lobbyists Tim Gill and our old pal Ted Trimpa are working for deceptively named ad hoc group Protecting Colorado's Environment, Economy, and Energy Independence which is fighting three ballot measures that would limit fracking.
And in one of the most miserable episodes New York's Andrew Cuomo has decreed that the state can't do business with any institution that has expressed any support for the BDS movement. To embellish their McCarthyite swagger he's directed the publication of a list of companies that their administration has deemed supports the boycott movement. It's up to the companies to prove they don't belong on the list. This is probably the state's first public political blacklist. Of course, fellow Tammany Hall member Chuck Schumer is now pushing for a similar Federal measure. Mind you, Cuomo is not opposed to using boycotts to apply political pressure; not even three months ago they banned state officials from traveling to North Carolina on account of that state's anti-transgender law. Cuomo is all for tolerance as long as it doesn't extend to the Palestinian people or upset powerful supporters.
What all this shows is the Democratic Party exists in the minds of those who run it to toady to large corporations, offer blind obedience to Israel no matter what its right-wing government does, and that they'll permit no freethinking or deviation from the putrid party line by Democratic candidates. I'm convinced they would rather lose to Republicans than let their party be taken over by Bernie or to let there be a Senator Grayson.
I've been voting for these clowns since 1980. I pull the lever for whatever milquetoast the Dems throw forward, each one worse than the last it seems, because I don't want the big, thcary Republican to win. No more.
Advertisement:
Just what is the incentive to keep supporting the Hillary, Harry, Chuck, Debbie political cabal? You're worried about the environment? Hillary has pushed fracking all over the world. The economy? Democrats pursue one trade deal after another which gut the job market here and should more properly be called Corporate Rights treaties. The ridiculous Donald Trump is to Hillary's left on this. Want an end to endless war? We're already involved in about four wars and with Hillary in charge the number will probably double. I doubt their Orangeness will do any worse in this department.
Let me know when I can vote against Goldman Sachs, Pfizer, the national security state or endless war. Then I'll ride the donkey again.
The U.S. men's national team is set to meet the Netherlands in a high-profile away friendly next June, SI.com has confirmed. The game is likely to take place on June 5, with another game at Germany expected to happen on June 10. (The German federation had already announced the latter game.)
The games would be part of the U.S.'s preparation for the CONCACAF Gold Cup from July 7 to 26. The U.S. last met Germany, the World Cup 2014 champion, in the group stage of Brazil 2014, losing 1-0 in Recife.
The U.S. last met the Netherlands in March 2010, losing 2-1 in Amsterdam. Nigel de Jong broke Stuart Holden's leg in that match, the final one before Bob Bradley selected their World Cup roster, and Carlos Bocanegra scored the Americans' goal - the only time the USA has scored against the Dutch in four meetings.
Under now-Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal, the Netherlands reached the semifinals of this past summer's World Cup, bowing out in penalty kicks against Lionel Messi's Argentina.
Guus Hiddink now coaches Arjen Robben, Wesley Sneijder, Robin van Persie & Co., who sit third in their European Championship qualification group after four matches (2-2-0).
The U.S. is also expected to meet archrival Mexico – which beat the Netherlands in a World Cup knockout round grudge match – in a friendly in the spring, probably in April.
Jurgen Klinsmann says thank-you to the US nationa ...
People can't get Drake out of their head when the ...
Susanna compares Piers to a gremlin on their GMB an ...
Tributes laid for little girl killed by a truck, ...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe  Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
George Galloway has been attacked with glitter by student protesters while speaking at a university.
The controversial politician was making a speech in Aberdeen when the group stormed the front of the room and a scuffle broke out.
In exclusive video obtained by the Mirror the former Celebrity Big Brother contestant can be seen starting their speech before being covered in glitter during the attack.
A group of protesters holding placards hurled the substances over the politician before being removed from the room.
Mr Galloway said they had been left feeling "unwell" and that there was an "unknown substance" in their eyes and lungs.
They added that their wife had "leapt forward" to defend them during the attack.
LOADING George Galloway was covered in glitter by the protesters
Read More Question Time audience shouts in protest as Lord Falconer defends Tony Blair over the Iraq War
It is understood that Mr Galloway continued their speech and was given a round of the applause after the drama in the University of Aberdeen's New King's building.
LOADING One of the group threw glitter over the ex Labour MP
LOADING The protesters were bundled out of the room by organisers
One student who was at the event told Mirror Online: “They were right in the front row and when their first sentence came out one lad just threw glitter all over him.
"The organisers jumped up and grabbed the protesters and there was a scuffle.
"They were trying to push the group off in case they threw any more or shouted anything else.
"Once it was all over they looked at the security guy and said 'thanks for the protection' and started to laugh. It was all really surreal."
Protesters had been planning to picket the speech after accusing the former Labour MP of "bigotry".
Dozens of activists joined a Facebook event urging: “Bring your pals, bring your placards.”
Mr Galloway said that a group of five people led by an "anarchist" had attacked them but they continued speaking.
LOADING Protesters had been planning to picket the speech
They said: "I now have an unknown substance in my eyes and lungs and feel a little unwell. But the struggle continues.
"Few weeks go by when the 'identity politics' crowd don't strike one campus or another either physically or with their 'no platform' demands."
They had earlier been speaking at Dollar Academy in Clackmannanshire and they reportedly joked that the students there had been "more well behaved".
LOADING They had earlier been speaking at Dollar Academy in Clackmannanshire (Photo: George Galloway/Facebook)
In live video streamed from the Aberdeen event Mr Galloway is seen thanking organisers before pausing and looking towards the side of the room.
The camera then cuts away but the crowd can then be heard gasping before a woman repeatedly shouts: "Who did that?"
Placards can also be seen strewn on the floor.
Ruaraidh Swainson, who was in the crowd, tweeted: "So sorry about what happened. I was in the audience and I was utterly appalled by what they did! I hope you are OK."
Student Ryan Houghton told the Press and Journal : “Basically we had six individuals who were sat at the front row after having security checks done.
LOADING George Galloway at the event (Photo: GeorgeGalloway/Twitter)
“But as George started speaking they stood up and lobbed three jars of glitter over him.
“He was covered, and students intervened. They just continued as normal, dusted off the glitter and kept going."
Another student at the University of Aberdeen added that the visit was "very controversial".
A spokesperson said: “George Galloway has contacted the police regarding the incident.
“It's now a police matter.”
Police Scotland said officers had attended High Street in Old Aberdeen after reports of a disturbance.
A spokesperson said: "Inquiries are at an early stage and no further details are available at this time.|
The students who filmed the video did not want payment and have asked for the fee to be donated to charity.
In an interview with The New Republic, President Barack Obama suggested they regularly go skeet shooting with guests at Camp David.
“[U]p at Camp David, we do skeet shooting all the time,” Obama said. “Not the girls, but oftentimes guests of mine go up there. And I have a profound respect for the traditions of hunting that trace back in this country for generations. And I think those who dismiss that out of hand make a big mistake. Part of being able to move this forward is understanding the reality of guns in urban areas are very different from the realities of guns in rural areas.”
“And if you grew up and your dad gave you a hunting rifle when you were ten, and you went out and spent the day with them and your uncles, and that became part of your family's traditions, you can see why you'd be pretty protective of that,” Obama added. “So it's trying to bridge those gaps that I think is going to be part of the biggest task over the next several months. And that means that advocates of gun control have to do a little more listening than they do sometimes.”
Obama has aggressively pushed for tougher gun control laws since last month's mass shooting in Newton, Conn. left 27 dead. But some of the new policies championed by the president, including a ban on military-style “assault weapons,” are receiving only tepid support from red-state Democrats in Congress.
New Republic editor-in-chief Franklin Foer conducted the interview alongside Chris Hughes, the publication's 29-year-old publisher. Hughes is a co-founder of Facebook, and worked for Obama's 2008 presidential campaign as an online organizer.
Follow Will on Twitter
Canada Soccer will honour three retired Women's National Team players during the Vancouver match against the USA 9 November at BC Place.
Brittany Timko Baxter, Chelsea Stewart and Kelly Parker, all members of Canada Soccer's London 2012 Bronze medal winning team, will be recognized in a ceremony at half time at centre pitch.
“We are delighted to have the opportunity to welcome back these players who have all had a great impact on Canadian soccer, and to honour them for their contribution to this team and our sport,” said Canada Soccer President Steven Reed. “The London 2012 Olympics has gone down in history as a watershed moment for women's soccer in Canada in part due to the dedication of these women. On behalf of Canada Soccer, thank you Brittany, Chelsea and Kelly, for your commitment to excellence and congratulations on your wonderful international careers.”
Brittany Timko Baxter appeared for Canada 132 times during their international career. A native of Coquitlam, BC, they were 16 years old when they made their debut for Canada in 2002. A long-time staple on Canada's midfield and front line, Timko Baxter won the golden boot at the FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup 2004, and helped Canada earn several CONCACAF medals, and entry into FIFA Women's World Cup competition. In 2012, they helped Canada win the Bronze medal at the London 2012 Olympics, playing in the group stage, quarterfinal and Bronze medal match.
"When I was 5 years old, I wrote down a goal of playing for the National Team by the time I was 21. I was given the opportunity to play for the National Team at 16, and lived my dream putting on the Canadian jersey for 15 years," said Timko Baxter. “The experiences and memories will last a lifetime and the girls on the team became sisters. Thank you to my husband and son, my mom, dad and brothers and the rest of my family for always supporting me, and always believing in my dreams. You've always been my rock and I feel incredibly thankful to have you all in my life. Thank you to Canada Soccer, my coaches and friends, and to the fans for making it so enjoyable to play in Canada and all over the world. We always felt like we were at home when we saw the Canadian flag. I am so incredibly thankful to have represented Canada and will continue to be the team's biggest fan. The future of soccer in Canada is exciting and I believe the best is yet to come!"
Chelsea Stewart made 44 appearances for Canada, beginning their international career at 18 with a gold medal at the 2008 CONCACAF Women's Under-20 Championship, followed by a gold medal at the 2010 CONCACAF championship. Raised in The Pas, MB, Stewart has played as a defender and midfielder, helping to qualify Canada for the London 2012 Olympic Games and earning the 2012 bronze medal as a finisher in four matches at the Olympic Games.
“Playing for Canada is one of the greatest honors of my life, and it has given me some of the best memories that I will forever cherish,” said Stewart. “I have grown and learned so much both on and off the field thanks to everyone who was a part of my time with the national team. I am so lucky to have had the chance to represent the red and white and play for the greatest fans. Thank you to all of my teammates, my coaches, Canada Soccer staff, the fans, my friends, and most importantly my family who has been there and helped me along the way."
Kelly Parker, from Regina, SK, made 40 appearances for Canada Soccer's Women's National Team as a midfielder, debuting at 22 years old in 2003. They played in a career-high of 20 consecutive international matches for Canada in 2011 and 2012. Them final match for Canada was played in Coventry during the London 2012 Olympic Games, helping to earn Canada the Olympic bronze medal.
“My experience with Canada Soccer has changed my life. It allowed me to travel the world, challenged me to new heights, but above all it allowed my dreams to come true,” said Parker. “It still feels surreal that we stood on that podium in London and watched our flag rise. Thank you, John and the rest of the staff for helping us recognize the power of believing. And, of course, to the incredible women who inspired me to be better every single day I'm honored to have played along side you. My family, friends, and fans you've supported me in every moment of my career and have been a part of my most special memories. I couldn't have done it without you.”
Fan Advisory
Fans attending the Canada v USA match on 9 November will have the opportunity to meet Brittany Timko Baxter, Chelsea Stewart and Kelly Parker, all members of Canada Soccer's London 2012 Bronze medal winning team, prior to kick off on the BC Place stadium concourse (Section 216) from 18:15-18:45 PT, courtesy of Bell.
22,500+ Tickets Sold - Secure your seats today!
With over 22,500 tickets already snapped up by fans for the Canada leg, the 9 November match is on track to become the highest attended Canada Soccer Women's National Team friendly match in Vancouver, surpassing the 22,508 record set in February.
Canada v USA 9 November at BC Place
It will be a clash between arch rivals when Canada hosts USA at BC Place at 19.00 PT (22.00 ET) on 9 November in the first of two matches between the North American foes, with a second match set for 12 November in San Jose, USA. With Canada determined to reach the top of the FIFA world rankings, the battle between the world's top ranked USA and fifth ranked Canada will be must-see matches. Individual tickets for the match in Vancouver are on sale via Ticketmaster.ca.
How to watch from home
The Vancouver match will be available to viewers LIVE on Thursday, 9 November at 19.00 PT on TSN1, followed by replays of the match on RDS2 Friday, 10 November at 19.00 ET and Saturday, 11 November at 07.30 ET.
Introducing Subteams
I'm very happy to share with you our plan to scale Ember's day-to-day decision-making and coordination—something we're calling Subteams. We mentioned some of this in this year's EmberConf keynote, and wanted to expand on the specific details.
Ember.js was once just a view layer for rendering templates in the browser, but has grown to become a complete SDK for the web. With one npm install , you get everything you need to create a modern web application.
Making things simple for developers often means a lot of coordination and decision-making behind the scenes. As the number of pieces making up Ember has grown—encompassing not only Ember.js but Ember CLI, Ember Data, the Ember Inspector, documentation, and more—we want to ensure that the Core Team does not become a bottleneck for progress.
At the same time, we believe that having a strong vision that everyone can rally behind is critical to building software that feels cohesive. So how do we ensure that everyone is pulling their cart in the same direction, without losing momentum?
We're taking a page from Rust's playbook and adopting the idea of Subteams. While we've often had informal teams tackle specific tasks, this change formalizes that process and officially recognizes the hard work of these contributors.
Core Team
The Core Team serves as the leadership for the Ember project as a whole. Its responsibilities include:
Setting the overall direction and vision for the project. This means setting the core values that are used when making decisions about technical tradeoffs. The core team also leads the writing of RFCs around new initiatives.
This means setting the core values that are used when making decisions about technical tradeoffs. The core team also leads the writing of RFCs around new initiatives. Setting priorities and the release schedule. Design bandwidth is limited, and it's dangerous to try to grow the framework too quickly; the core team makes some difficult decisions about which areas to prioritize for new design, based on the core values and target use cases. The regular release cycle, being one of the project's core values, applies to subteams as well.
Design bandwidth is limited, and it's dangerous to try to grow the framework too quickly; the core team makes some difficult decisions about which areas to prioritize for new design, based on the core values and target use cases. The regular release cycle, being one of the project's core values, applies to subteams as well. Focusing on broad, cross-cutting concerns. The Core Team is specifically designed to take a global view of the project, to make sure the pieces are fitting together in a coherent way.
The Core Team is specifically designed to take a global view of the project, to make sure the pieces are fitting together in a coherent way. Spinning up or shutting down subteams. Over time, we may want to expand the set of subteams, and it may make sense to have temporary "strike teams" that focus on a particular, limited task.
Over time, we may want to expand the set of subteams, and it may make sense to have temporary "strike teams" that focus on a particular, limited task. Going/no-going features. While the subteams make decisions on RFCs, the Core Team is responsible for pulling the trigger that moves a feature from canary to beta. This provides an extra check that features have adequately addressed cross-cutting concerns and that the implementation quality is high enough.
Each subteam is led by a Core Team liaison. This member is responsible for keeping the Core Team apprised of progress on important initiatives, identifying potential areas of concern early, and escalating cross-cutting issues when needed.
Ember CLI
Slack channel: #dev-ember-cli
Discourse category: Ember CLI
Core Team Liaisons: Stefan Penner & Robert Jackson
Members:
Katie Gengler
Chad Hietala
Jake Bixby
Nathan Hammond
Kelly Selden
Tobias Bieniek
Ember Data
Slack channel: #dev-ember-data
Discourse category: Ember Data
Core Team Liaison: Igor Terzic
Members:
Clemens Müller
Christoffer Persson
Stanley Stuart
Brendan McLoughlin
Learning
Slack channel: #-learning
Discourse category: Learning
While the Ember CLI and Ember Data subteams should be self-explanatory, this one is the newest and may require some explanation.
We intentionally did not call this subteam Documentation, because documentation is just one part of how new users learn to use Ember. People start learning the second they land on the website homepage, or when they see a presentation at their local user group.
We want to make holistic learning a central part of Ember. In addition to good guides and API documentation, this means thinking about how members of the community interact, how they get help, and how we introduce them to new features added via the RFC process.
The Learning Subteam is responsible for the website, the guides, the API docs and making sure the Core Team is aware of common pitfalls people hit, like confusing error messages or APIs. We will take this information and feed it back into the framework itself.
The best documentation is the documentation you never have to write. By reducing complexity, making errors clearer, and smoothing the learning curve, we can help Ember reach an entirely new audience.
Core Team Liaison: Leah Silber
Members:
David Baker
Ricardo Mendes
Todd Jordan
Thank You
You can find information on the subteams and their members at http://emberjs.com/team/. We will keep this page up-to-date as people come and go.
A big thank you to the members of these teams, who donate their time and energy to make the web a better place. If you're interested in helping, please reach out to one of the above team members for the best way to get started.
We are excited about the pace at which Ember has grown, and we think it uniquely solves the challenge of building modern web applications in a way that doesn't push all of the complexity to the app developer. We could not build as ambitiously without the dedication of these people. Please join me in welcoming the new subteams, and in thanking for them all of their hard work!
Many thanks to the Rust Core Team and particularly Aaron Turon's Governance RFC, and subteam announcement, from which parts of this post are adapted.
GETTY Marine Le Pen was ‘surprised' by President Donald Trump's decision to launch an airstrike on Syria
The Front National leader was speaking after the US leader retaliated to Tuesday's deadly chemical weapons attack on civilians in the Middle East nation, which was widely blamed on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime.
The US fired cruise missiles early on Friday morning at an airbase near the city of Homs from which it was said the gas attack in Idlib province was launched, leaving more than 80 people dead, including scores of children. They said: “I am a little bit surprised because Mr Trump has said on numerous occasions that the US would no longer be policing the world, and yet, that is exactly what they are doing right now.
Celebrities and Politicians React to Trump's Missile Attack on Syria Fri, April 7, 2017 Following news of the attack, celebrities and politicians expressed their thoughts on social media Play slideshow REUTERS 1 of 6 Trump ordered a massive military strike against a Syria
GETTY Them comments came after the US leader retaliated to Tuesday's deadly chemical attack on civilians
“Is it too much to ask that we wait for the chemical weapons attack inquiry findings before launching such airstrikes?”
Could we not wait to hear the results of an international inquiry? Marine Le Pen
Mrs Le Pen also said that they did not want for the war-torn country to spiral into chaos and lawlessness as a result of Friday's US-led attack on the Syrian regime. They said: “I would like for us to avoid a repetition of the situation in Iraq and Libya in Syria, because what happened there (the US-led military interventions) led to chaos, and both countries have since become hotbeds of Islamic fundamentalism.
GETTY The US fired missiles on Friday morning after an airbase from which the gas attack was launched
University of Tulsa student athlete Patrick Swilling Jr., the son of an NFL Pro Bowl player, wrote an open letter that was posted online after their rape accuser filed a Title IX federal lawsuit against the school for its investigation of their allegations.
Though a search for their name pulls up several tweets that link to the 16-page letter – which Swilling's lawyer Corbin Brewster told USA Today was a draft that was released prematurely – media outlets appear to have not linked it. It's not clear who first posted it, Tulsa World reported:
Brewster did not say who first began sharing the letter with various media outlets via Twitter. It was published via Google Docs online and lists the author as Patrick Swilling. The World will not post the letter on its website because it names and presents specific details about the two women who have alleged that Swilling raped them. The lawsuit filed Monday in federal court by Abigail Ross alleges that Swilling raped them in January and “outlines three prior alleged incidents involving Swilling” by other women, ESPN reported. The suit further states that “TU undertook zero investigation of their conduct” and was “deliberately indifferent to the substantial risk” that Swilling would keep harassing women at the university. Following the allegations, “Swilling was suspended from the team the next day,” but they were found “not responsible” after a university investigation and hearing in March and was reinstated after the season ended, USA Today said. Tulsa police investigated but the district attorney didn't file charges. Despite being cleared, Swilling was informed this week by the NCAA that they wouldn't get a waiver to play football for the school this semester, Tulsa World said: Swilling was seeking a progress-toward-degree waiver to become academically eligible despite having incomplete grades from the spring semester, attributed to the sexual-assault investigation that resulted in their suspension for the final 11 games of their senior basketball season. In the letter, Tulsa World said, Swilling accuses Ross of deleting text messages and tweets that cast a different light on their relationship, and they accuse them of being a self-proclaimed “cleat chaser.” … “I have been verbally abused, harassed, constantly sent harsh things on social media and even received death threats on multiple occasions. While I understand the backlash, your opinions of myself have been created by reading material that portrays me in a negative light. Nothing written has been in my favor and nothing negating my accuser's stories has been written either.” Read the full Tulsa World story here. h/t greg Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter IMAGE: ESPN screenshot
Read More
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
Strange blob
A Russian deep-sea trawler engineer's photography sheds light on the fishing industry's bycatch problem. But it's also a mind-bogglingly interesting scroll into the depths of our oceans.
The Russian city of Murmansk is by far the largest city north of the Arctic circle. Given its strategic location at the end of a long, ice-free inlet off the Barents Sea, it is a town of seafarers and fishermen. It is also the home port for Roman Fedortsov, a 38-year old Russian fishing engineer who has recently become an online hit after combining their hobby and their work.
In 2000, Fedortsov obtained a degree in Aquacultural Engineering from the Murmansk State Technical University and chose a life on the seas. For 10 years, they sailed along the coasts of Morocco and Mauritania aboard the large ocean trawler Oleg Naydenov, often away for up to 6 months at a time. "Being away from home and family for such a long time is not easy," they admit, "but such is work."
When the 7.8-ton ship caught fire in a Canary Islands port and sank on April 15th after being towed out to sea, Fedortsov took a break and later found employment on the Korund, a much smaller trawler operating in the Norwegian and Barents seas. Despite the frosty weather, he's relieved that their new fishing missions last only 3 to 3.5 months.
Networking
At this point, Fedortsov had already developed a passion for photography and was maintaining a steady Instagram feed where they posted snaps of seascapes, the people they met aboard and on shore, and their beloved home town Murmansk. As they spent more and more time on the seas, they gradually started including pictures of some of the stranger creatures caught in the nets of the trawler, such as sharks or this unfortunate sunfish.
Roman Laments the catch of this rare basking shark in Norwegian waters
Last year, Fedortsov also opened a Twitter account to reach more people. "I wanted to show people the amazing world of fish and sea creatures, so I began to share more and more pictures," says Fedortsov, who quickly racked up over 100,000 Twitter followers and nearly twice as many Instagram followers who enjoy a speck of salty humor while gawking at picture after picture of slimy deep-sea monsters that wouldn't look out of place in a Giger album or a Lovecraft novel. Such became their popularity that both their Instagram and Twitter accounts were hacked and imitated many times.
When asked about their sudden rise to fame, Fedortsov sounds bashful. "I didn't expect such an overwhelming reaction," they say. "I think a lot of people didn't have the faintest idea of what lives below the surface, and they are intrigued."
Angler titled "Cheshire cat. My take."
Net loss
Despite entertaining hundreds of thousands of netizens, the sailor's photographs do shed light on one of the fishing industry's major problems: bycatch, or fish unintentionally caught in the trawler's nets.
According to the WWF and as pointed out in last week's article on ocean threats, a staggering amount of marine life—including turtles, dolphins and juvenile fish—is hauled up along with the desired species before being discarded overboard dead or dying.
Fedortsov recognizes that bycatch is a disaster both for the oceans and the fishing industry, and is quick to add that the fishermen by no means aim to catch these creatures, whether for fame or profit.
"No-one aboard the trawler is happy when such species end up in our nets," they explain, "we are legally required to throw the fish back into the water whether it will live or not. It really saddens me but it seems inevitable in this type of fishery, and I won't hide it."
While the Russian isn't easily fazed after twelve years on a deep-sea trawler, they say they are especially upset when a frilled shark (Chlamydoselachus anguineus), which they dubs 'a living fossil', or a chimaera (Chimaeridae) ends up in their nets. "They're my favorite 'monsters'."
Fedortsov welcomes anyone to follow them on Twitter (@rfedortsov) and Instagram (@rfedortsov_official_account) and discuss or identify the fish they find. They also recommend a visit to the Moscvarium.
Frilled shark, one of the oldest fish species known to be alive
A Stoplight Loosejaw
This little Rabbit Fish of the Chimaeridae family is one of Fedortsov's favorites
A type of ray
Captioned "The first rule of Fight Fish club is You do not talk about Fight Fish club"
Captioned "A fish to go with your Saturday beer?"
These 5 Quick Light Meals have saved my life for the past two weeks. All of them are nutritious, light – you can have them at any time of your day and they are quick to make. It takes exactly 5 minutes to get them ready.
It's already October – a rainy month and there is plenty of time for cooking and baking. Well, I hope you all have crazy fun moments in the kitchen and try out new recipes.
I, for one, am I working hard on moving over to a self-hosted wordpress blog that will be all mine. I felt like I had to share my new project with you all as I am so excited about it – the big friendly family of bloggers. THANK YOU guys for all your support and beautiful words. It meant so much that it has convinced me to take it to the next level! :)
Although I have professional experience in Marketing & Sales and a recent passion for Web Design & Development, it's definitely an overwhelming process, so I'd appreciate all the tips you may have for me. Anyway, I will keep you informed about my progress.
Meanwhile, I do have a few healthy meals to share with you.
To be honest, these 5 quick light meals have seriously saved me a lot of time. So in case you happen to go through the same thing – you have no time for anything else rather than “work”, but still want to keep yourself healthy and fit, then my meals will come in handy in those hectic moments of your life. All you need to do is to roast some pumpkin and cook a few things like chickpeas, quinoa, beans and lentils beforehand in bulk and keep them in the fridge for the next couple of days. You can easily refrigerate them up to 5 days.
Here it goes …
1. Roasted Pumpkin topped with Black Lentils & Spinach
Prep time: 5 mins (Serves 1)
500 g butternut pumpkin, roasted beforehand
50 g of black lentils Beluga
1/2 avocado, cut in large chunks
1 green onion, roughly chopped
a handful of fresh spinach, steamed
a handful of raw unsalted sunflower seeds
1 teaspoon of extra-virgin olive oil
a splash of lemon juice
sea salt and pepper to taste
Warm up the roasted pumpkin and lentils in the microwave for a few mins. Meanwhile, chop the green onions and avocado and add them to the lentils. Season with a splash of olive oil and and fresh lemon for a extra twist. Ready to be served in only 5 minutes!
Are you looking for more details on how to roast the pumpkin or cook the lentils in all colors? Here are a few recipes to start with:
1. Lentil, Roasted Pumpkin and Beetroot Salad
2. My Iron Booster Salad
3. Couscous with Lentil and Yoghurt Paste
2. Fruity Salad with Chickpeas
Prep time: 5 mins (Serves 1)
a handful of green lettuce
50 g chickpeas, cooked beforehand
1/2 avocado, cut in large chunks
2 cherry tomatoes
1 green onion, roughly chopped
4 strawberries, cut in half
1 teaspoon chia seeds
1 tablespoon of extra-virgin olive oil
a splash of balsamic with honey
sea salt and pepper to taste
Rinse all the vegetables very well and chop them roughly. Place them all in a bowl/plate, add the cooked chickpeas and drizzle the dressing over it (olive oil, balsamico, salt salt and pepper). Boom, done! I personally like those rice cakes to munch on them along with my meals, but go ahead and use your choice.
P.S. You can also use canned chickpeas, just make sure you buy the good stuff (not the ones full of sugar, salt and additives).
Are you looking for more details on how to cook chickpeas? Here you can find a few tips – Spicy Spaghetti with Chickpeas and Mushrooms.
3. Quinoa, Avocado and Feta Cheese Salad
Prep time: 5 mins (Serves 1)
a handful of green lettuce
50 g red quinoa, cooked beforehand
1/2 avocado, cut in large chunks
10 g of feta cheese, cut in large chunks
2 cherry tomatoes
1 green onion, roughly chopped
1 small red bel pepper
a handful of walnuts
1 tablespoon of extra-virgin olive oil
a splash of fresh lime juice
sea salt and pepper to taste
Rinse all the vegetables very well and chop them roughly. Place them all in a bowl/plate, add the cooked red quinoa and drizzle the dressing over it (olive oil, lime, salt salt and pepper). Et Voilá, only 5 minutes of your precious time! :)
Are you looking for more details on how to cook quinoa in all colours? Here are a few recipes to start with:
1. Roasted Potatoes with Red Quinoa
2. Green-ish Salad with Quinoa
3. Grilled Salmon, Asparagus and Quinoa
4. Summery Salad with Mushrooms
Prep time: 5 mins (Serves 1)
a handful of baby spinach
a handful of green lettuce
a handful of fresh champignons
2 green onions
4 radishes
1/2 avocado
1 big size carrot
8 cherry tomatoes
1 big size red bell pepper
sea sea salt & pepper to taste
Dressing
2 tablespoons of extra-virgin olive oil
fresh lemon juice from 1 lemon
salt and pepper to taste
First, rinse all the vegetables very well under the running cold water and chop them roughly. And then place them all in a bowl/plate and drizzle the dressing over it. Et Voila, again only 5 mins to get it done.
This recipe was one of my first posts – here you can find more details – Summery Salad
5. Brussels sprouts, White Beans and Almond Flakes
I know that most of the food bloggers claim that every recipe they make is one of their favorites, but this one in here is something that my boyfriend and I have been eating a few times a week now. The mix of the tender Brussels sprouts, white beans and almond flakes cooked in a little bit of butter gave them such a divine texture.
Prep time: 10 mins (Serves 2)
1 pound ( about 500g ) Brussels sprouts
1/2 can cook white beans, rinsed and drained
a handful of almond flakes
1 tbsp of butter
a splash of sesame oil
a splash of fresh lemon/lime
1 pinch cayenne pepper
sea salt and pepper to taste
This is absolutely by far my favorite meal ever and you can find the Preparation part right here – Brussels Sprouts, White Beans and Almond Flakes.
Enjoy them all & stay healthy!
With love, Cris
It has been announced that TOKIO lead singer Tomoya Nagase will be starring in a new TBS Summer drama titled “Gomen, Aishiteru”, a remake of the 2004 South Korean drama “Sorry, I Love You”. Starring So Ji-Sub and Lim Soo-Jung, “Sorry, I Love You” was a huge critical and commercial success.
The plot of “Gomen, Aishiteru” follows Ritsu Okazaki (Tomoya Nagase) who was abandoned by their mother Reiko (Shinobu Otake). One day Ritsu gets involved in an incident that causes them to suffer from a life threatening injury, the injury is so severe that their life expectancy comes into question. With Ritsu insure if they will be able to live a much longer life they decide to make amends with their mother and be good to them before their death. Unfortunately they see how good they are to their son Satoru (Kentaro Sakaguchi), a very successful idol pianist. Satoru has been able to provide their mother with a very happy and lavish lifestyle, meanwhile Ritsu has been struggling to make ends meet.
Thinking that they abandoned them solely due to poverty, Ritsu vows to get revenge on their mother. They eventually run into a woman called Rinka (Riho Yoshioka ) during a chance meeting, and they eventually fall for them Unfortunately, Rinka has their eyes on Ritsu's half-brother Satoru who is also their childhood friend.
This is the very first time Tomoya has had the lead in a Sunday TBS drama. “Gomen, Aishiteru” will begin filming in May.
Google Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG)- The search giant's YouTube video service is all set to announce its new paid subscription-based, ad-free system.
Tired of having to watch ads before and during your videos, even if the subject that is being shown has nothing to do with you and your interest? Thankfully, YouTube's long-anticipated subscription service is expected to be unveiled on Wednesday in Los Angeles during an event.
As Re/code has reported, this kind of service will include ad-free versions of videos that already exist in YouTube. In addition, the monthly $10 subscription will also include original programming, but only to subscribers. The technology news website didn't mention clearly the type of content that subscribers should expect.
Earlier this year, YouTube said that four of its top stars signed contracts to bring their original series to life on the Google-owned video site: The Fine Brothers, Prank vs. Prank, Joey Graceffa, and Smosh.
Furthermore, according to the Wall Street Journal, YouTube is looking to close some deals with several providers, such as Turner Broadcasting cable unit, Fox Sports, A&E Networks, NBCUniversal, and possibly the Walt Disney Co. It shouldn't be that hard, judging by the promising earnings for content providers, which include 55 percent of subscription revenue and cut of the money, based on the amount of time folks spend watching their videos.
Surprisingly enough, not everyone is thrilled with that arrangement, though, the paper said.
For the record, YouTube launched the paid channels service in May 2013, as part of a new concept that was still going under tests at the time, which ultimately gave content creators a new smart way to earn money from their videos. But still, the company did not offer an unlimited premium option that eliminated all ads.
“We are progressing according to plan to provide fans more options in how they enjoy content on YouTube,” the company told the Journal. “We have support from the overwhelming majority of our partners … and more in the pipeline about to close.“.
Are you planning on using YouTube's upcoming content system? Let us know in the comments below.
Via: PCMag, Re/code
Source: Wall Street Journal
Photo credit: Drinkmicro.com
An injury has forced Mauricio "Shogun" Rua off the upcoming FOX UFC Fight Night card in Tampa, so Glover Teixeira has stepped up to face Rashad Evans in a featured bout on April 16.
UFC officials confirmed the changes to FOX Sports on Wednesday.
Teixeira accepted the fight coming off a pair of very impressive performances in their last two fights inside the Octagon.
Article continues below ...
The Brazilian wiped out top prospect Ovince Saint Preux in their main event fight last August before they did the same to Patrick Cummins when they met in November.
Now the former title contender will look to add another signature win to their record as they blaze a trail back to the top of the light heavyweight division.
Evans will arguably have a much tougher test in Teixeira than with Shogun, especially after returning to action post-knee injuries in a less-than-stellar outing against Ryan Bader last October.
Now the former light heavyweight champion is likely in a do-or-die situation ahead of this fight if they hope to one day compete for a title again.
Teixeira vs. Evans will remain on the FOX UFC Fight Night main card, with the main event pitting Khabib Nurmagomedov against Tony Ferguson in a five round headline fight that will likely determine the next challenger for the lightweight title.
SAN DIEGO ZOO EXECUTIVE CHEF:
CARISSA GIACALONE
Without even realizing it at the time, Carissa's love affair with food was sparked as a child growing up on a small dairy farm in South-Central Washington State. After graduating from the University of Washington with a bachelor's degree in Political Science and working for a law firm, they got involved in design/engineering and plastic prototyping.
In 2003, after almost a decade working in a professional high-tech sales job, Carissa decided to pursue their real passion: food. In the span of five weeks, they almost literally changed everything in their life—sold everything, packed their bags, and moved to Paris (without knowing a word of French). There, in the culinary epicenter of the world, they attended the prestigious Le Cordon Bleu culinary institute. After graduating with a degree in both French cuisine and French pâtisserie (pastry), they honed their culinary skills under the tutelage of some of Paris' premier chefs and patissieres, including Jean-Louis Nomicos at Lasserre, Laurent Duchene, and Pierre Hermé.
In 2005, they returned to San Diego to pursue their dreams and submitted a videotape and application to The Food Network
to become “The Next Food Network Star.” They were selected as 1 of 8 finalists, out of 10,000+ applicants for the talent search/reality show.
They believe French cooking—and cooking in general—can be simpler than some perceive it to be, and wants to teach people how to create “simply scrumptious” cuisine and bring a dash of fun into every kitchen throughout the world. By understanding, mastering and utilizing traditional French culinary techniques, Carissa is able to apply this in the making of any world cuisine. Quite simply put, Carissa adores cooking, experimenting and, of course, eating all types of food, and most importantly, sharing it with friends and family…the ultimate experience!
Carissa started their career at the San Diego Zoo in 2017 as banquet chef, before becoming executive chef. In addition, they teach local culinary classes, is in the process of writing their own cookbook, and continues to pursue their ultimate dream of hosting their own television cooking show.
FRIENDSWOOD, Texas - Pedro Garcia said they were about to leave for work around 4 a.m. Tuesday, when they heard two gunshots two doors down from their house, located in the 800 block of Lochmoor Lane in Friendswood.
Jose Rubio lives on the same street and heard those same pops so they turned on their home surveillance cameras. They captured a man getting into the driver's seat of what looked like a light colored, older model Cadillac or four-door sedans.
Friendswood police said the unidentified man is a car burglar, scared off by a homeowner who fired a couple of rounds after they caught them standing in a neighbor's yard.
"I've got four kids in my house and I would do anything to protect them," Rubio said.
Rubio said their surveillance camera also caught the man pulling up to the house across the street. Police said just a short time later the homeowner's son alerted their father after they heard a banging noise and saw a shadowy figure walk by their bedroom window. They went to their son's bedroom window armed with a revolver and started banging on the window to scare away the prowler who was standing at the front door.
The homeowner opened their front door and found their surveillance camera dangling by a wire. That's when they saw the man in the neighbor's yard and fired their gun twice.
"You've got to do what you've got to do. You have the right to defend your family," neighbor Monica Freeman said.
Copyright 2015 by Click2Houston.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Well, that was weird. Donald Trump awkwardly hugged their wife, Melania Trump, and daughter Ivanka Trump at the Republican National Convention on Thursday, July 21, after they finished their speech accepting the Republican presidential nomination.
Body language expert Patti Wood spoke with Us Weekly on Friday, July 22, to break down the Republican presidential nominee's cringeworthy embraces with Melania, 46, and Ivanka, 34.
When the former Apprentice host, 70, finished their 75-minute long RNC speech at Cleveland's Quicken Loans Arena, they welcomed their family to the stage. After greeting their spouse with a nonromantic peck on each cheek, Donald grabbed the former model's arms in what appears to be an effort to keep them at a distance.
“That was not even a real hug. They held both their arms, cupping their hands around their forearms to keep them at a certain distance from him. They also didn't go in close,” says Wood, who authored Snap: Making the Most of First Impressions, Body Language and Charisma. “There was no heart-to-heart contact. There was no pelvis-to-pelvis contact. That was really odd. There was no real warmth.”
Not only was their PDA totally cold, Wood notes that Donald giving Melania's arms a slight shake was to assert their dominance.
“[That was to show] ownership, like, ‘She's mine, I can do what I want with her.' [It was] very distinctive and different from that extra pat we would give to somebody because we just love them so much and we want to just give them that little bit of affection given after a warm embrace or a tender kiss,” they tell Us. "They just pecked each other.”
When it comes to Donald's hug with Ivanka, who introduced the real-estate tycoon turned politician at Thursday night's gathering, Wood tells Us that their hand placement was inappropriate. As viewers witnessed, the business mogul showed their appreciation for their daughter's glowing statements by kissing their cheeks and then placing their hands on their lower hips.
“He patted them in a sexually dismissive way. That repetitive pat with open hands on that location is usually a set of body language cues to say, ‘The sex with you, it was good,' or, ‘That was fun sexual play,'” Wood says. “I want to be clear that is not even a pat you would give to a child under the age of 5. You would pat them higher up on the back.”
Since Donald's strange hugs with their wife and daughter (whom they share with ex-wife Ivana Trump) aired on national television, many have taken to social media to share their opinions about the physical contact.
“Daddy Donald was more (inappropriately) affectionate to Ivanka than to Melania,” one viewer tweeted, while another sniped, “Donald grabs Ivanka's ass gave [Melania a] weird friend zone hug.”
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
Yes on 97 Campaign/Yes on 97
Proponents of the corporate tax initiative, Measure 97, say the region's largest cable television provider blocked ads they tried to air.
Measure 97 would increase taxes on corporations earning more than $25 million in annual sales in Oregon. Groups both in support and in opposition to the measure have been running TV ads to get their messages out, like this one, from the “Yes” side.
But the “Yes on 97” campaign says Comcast stopped airing an ad, and refused to air another, because they specifically mentioned Comcast.
A campaign spokesperson says there were four ads the cable company wouldn't air. Campaign officials say they re-cut the ads to remove the Comcast references, and those were accepted. (Watch the re-cut ad.)
Comcast officials didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. Comcast-Xfinity is an underwriter of OPB.
A car packed with explosives has detonated as it was passing by a crowded market in Afghanistan's eastern province of Paktika, killing at least 89 people and wounding dozens more, police said.
"Right now, police are taking all the wounded to hospitals," a local deputy police chief, Nissar Ahmad Abdulrahimzai, told the Reuters news agency on Tuesday.
The attack took place not far from the border with Pakistan's North Waziristan region, where the military has been attacking hideouts of the Pakistani Taliban in the past few weeks, prompting rebels to retreat towards Afghanistan.
Abdulrahimzai said police had been tipped about the car and were chasing it when it exploded.
Civilian Deaths and Injuries January - June (2009-2014) Year Deaths Injuries 2009 1052 1439
2010 1281 1990
2011 1575 2341
2012 1159 1979
2013 1342 2577
2014 1564 3289 Casualties by tactic and incident type (January -June 2014)
Ground Engagement - 39 %
IEDs - 30 %
Complex & Suicide Attacks - 12 %
Targeted Killings - 9 %
Other - 5 %
Explosive Remnants of War - 4 %
Air Operations - 1% Source: UNAMA
"The explosion was so big it destroyed many shops. Dozens of people are trapped under the roofs," Mohammad Raza Kharoti, the district governor, told Reuters.
"The number of wounded will rise to more than 100 and the number of those martyred will also increase."
In Kabul, a remote control bomb concealed by a roadside killed two employees of President Hamid Karzai's media office and wounded five others, police said.
Al Jazeera's Qais Azimy, reporting from Kabul, said Karzaid has condemned the attacks. Among those who were hurt was the personal cameraman of the outgoing president.
It was reported earlier that the Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack.
But the movement's leader denied it saying the group does not target
civilians.
"The truth behind this attack will become clear after an investigation, but we clearly announce that it was not done by the Mujahedeen of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan,"
Zabihullah Mujahid, a Taliban spokesperson, said: "The Mujahedeen do not conduct such attacks and such attacks do not bring any benefit to them."
The attacks took place as foreign troops are gradually withdrawing from the country.
The United Nations said last week civilian casualties jumped by almost a quarter in the first half of this year as hostilities escalate.
"The nature of the conflict in Afghanistan is changing in 2014 with an escalation of ground engagements in civilian-populated areas," said Jan Kubis, head of United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan.
"The impact on civilians, including the most vulnerable Afghans, is proving to be devastating."
The UN report documenting civilian causalities between January and June states that there were 4,853 civilian casualties, up 24 per cent over the same period in 2013.
"Included in the toll were 1,564 civilian deaths and 3,289 injuries, up 17 and 28 per cent from the same time period last year, respectively. Ground engagements caused two of every five civilian casualties in 2014 accounting for 39 per cent of all civilian casualties," the report said.
This past Monday night on Raw, NXT stars Adrian Neville, Sami Zayn, Tyler Breeze and Tyson Kidd were given five minutes to show the larger WWE Universe what they can do. As thrilled as followers of the streaming exclusive brand were to see some of their favorites get a moment in the spotlight, we figured it was only a moment to promote Thursday night's live event, Takeover: Fatal 4Way.
Not so fast.
Mike Johnson at PWInsider.com has an exclusive confirmation that NXT champ Neville, along with Breeze and Zayn, are scheduled to appear at several televised WWE events over the next couple of weeks. The trio will definitely be at next week's Raw and Smackdown shows in Lousiana, and Johnson says their sources state that they will be on hand for those programs shows for "the next several weeks".
The report does not specify whether the three men will be on television, either as a move to the main roster or as continued cross-promotion of NXT on WWE's main shows. If they are given time on TV during a 'go home' week for the Night of Champions pay-per-view (PPV), it would certainly be a big investment on the company's part. Could it even mean that they might even get time at the Sunday, September 21st event, perhaps as part of a free Kickoff show?
It could also simply be another phase of their development to have them on-hand for television, or to work other WWE Network-exclusive shows like Main Event and Superstars that film around Raw and Smackdown. Neville and Zayn have travelled with the main roster for international and domestic house shows, so maybe this is meant to get them more exposure to the next level.
On their Thursday conference call, Triple H responded to questions from Johnson on this very topic, saying that WWE is always looking to promote products across all of their platforms, and that they were willing to use on NXT talent on Raw to do that. But they also cautioned that they were leery of having a regular "NXT on Raw" segment, as it would take away some of what makes the Thursday night show special.
What do you think the NXT Champ and two of their challengers will be doing on WWE television over the next couple of weeks? Is it a good idea to feature them there regularly if they haven't been "called up"?
Let us know, and stay tuned for any new details about either brand's plans!
A retiring Canadian general who served a number of international tours in their almost 40-year career says there should be more resources for and less government control over future military missions.
“I came back from Afghanistan and my biggest observation was what we have to stop is allowing capitals to run individual parts of the campaign,” said Maj.-Gen. Denis Thompson, who was attending an event in Calgary last week.
Thompson, who recently ended a three-year tour as head of the Multinational Force and Observers in Egypt, also had postings in Germany and Bosnia.
In 2008, they were commander of Task Force Kandahar in Afghanistan, where they saw different countries overseeing different regions with little co-ordination.
“Ottawa tried to run Kandahar. The British tried to run Helmand. The Dutch tried to run North Urozgan and the Americans ran several provinces, and it wasn't really joined up,” said Thompson.
READ MORE: Canadian special forces taking more active role in Iraq as Liberals extend ISIS mission
“So what happened is we had 2,750 Canadian soldiers in Kandahar, the home of the Taliban. Next door in Helmand, which was a sideshow, there were 8,000 to 10,000 Brits, and when the American marines arrived … where did the marines go? To Helmand.
“So we were left holding the bag and … running around playing whack-a-mole because we didn't have enough troops. We didn't even have half the number of troops we needed and (additional soldiers) didn't arrive until 2010-2011, and by then you're 10 years into the war.”
Canada sent its first soldiers to Afghanistan in October 2001 after the 9/11 terrorist attacks in the United States. Canada's role initially was to help stabilize the Middle Eastern region and provide peace support operations.
But the assignment expanded into a full combat mission which continued until 2011. Some troops remained in a training and mentoring capacity until March 2014.
Thompson, who also served as Commander of Canadian Special Operations Forces Command in Ottawa, said there are lessons to be learned for future international missions.
“You have to apply enough resources, and the problem in a lot of these campaigns — whether it's UN, NATO, a ‘Coalition of the Willing' — is there has to be one central commander who has all the authorities,” Thompson suggested.
“He can apply all the pressures they need to solve all of the problems and not allow people to tinker with a 10,000-kilometre screwdriver from a great distance and mess with your campaign plan.”
Thompson favours leaving commanders in place for longer periods, so that they are familiar with all the nuances of a mission. They added more focus should also be placed on providing non-military personnel to help influence policy at local levels with aid organizations such as the Red Cross or the UN Refugee Agency.
“We need to invest civilians, send them to those organizations from our Foreign Affairs Department … and send them straight to those organizations … so they can influence the direction of the campaign.”
Thompson said the Canadian military is as well prepared as it's ever been and will respond to whatever the government decides Canada should be doing. And as far as resolving problems in war-torn areas such as Iraq and Syria, they suggested there is a common denominator.
“It has more to do with fixing the economic imbalances and the widespread poverty, the destitution that's been brought about by this conflict. Until you really get to the root problem, you can't solve the overall security problem.”
by
Does the BYU honor code create or discourage sexual harassment? Does the increasingly stringent focus on female modesty create or discourage objectification of women? In both cases, women are often singled out and approached by total strangers who feel it's acceptable to make comments on their appearance. In the work place, this behavior may constitute creating a hostile work environment. At BYU, we call it standing valiantly for right.
In employment law, hostile environment sexual harassment refers to a situation where employees in a workplace are subject to a pattern of exposure to unwanted sexual behavior . . . It is distinguished from quid pro quo sexual harassment, where a direct supervisor seeks sexual favors in return for something . . . courts have . . . recognized hostile environment as an actionable behavior since the late 1980s.
BYU's Honor Code
Most colleges have an honor code. Not many include a dress code because dress is not directly associated with honesty.[1] University honor codes promote academic rigor by applying harsh penalties, including expulsion, if a student is found cheating. This protects the university's academic reputation. The BYU honor code states that it prohibits sexual harassment as part of living a chaste and virtuous life. An example of this would be repeatedly soliciting dates after being rejected. However, the code also stipulates that students are required to “encourage others” in their commitment to live the honor code (which includes an increasingly stringent dress code). This “encouragement” of others sometimes plays out in strange ways.
A student who is hyper-vigilant for dress code infractions made by fellow students is supported by the system. The standards office addresses all claims, seeking subjective “facts” to support the allegation, including witness statements where possible. The anonymity of the person making the claim is preserved, and there are no negative consequences for a student making a false or unsupported accusations. Students called to the standards office are required to prove their commitment to the code or to disprove the claim that was made.
Here are 4 real life examples from BYU:
When I was a first-year student, an anonymous tipster said my skirt was too short, and I received a notice to report to the standards office. I felt embarrassed and panicked; I hadn't knowingly violated the school code. Would this incident go in my file? Could I be expelled or put on probation if they didn't like me? I talked to my roommates; every single one of them had experienced a call to standards at one time or another. I wore the offending skirt when I went to standards, and they said it was fine. I felt I must have some rights in this situation.[2] I was irritated that I had been put through this, and I asked what would happen to the student who made the false claim, and they said nothing; they further advised that though my skirt was within standards, maybe I shouldn't wear it again in case someone else reported me. The onus was on me to prevent future specious accusations. Nobody cared that I had spent several stressed out days and time and energy to report to the standards office for what turned out to be a baseless accusation.
A few years later, I discovered our apartment complex's male RA standing in the bushes, peering into my roommate's window. When I asked what they were doing, they said: “I think your roommate's fiance is in their room.” I told them that if I ever found them looking in our windows again I'd call the police. I knew they would see their behavior as unacceptable. [3]
Most will remember the skinny jeans debacle at BYU-I last year, in which a curvaceous female student was barred entrance to take their exam because the male testing center manager deemed their pants too tight. They had gone to the testing center straight from a ward leadership meeting with their bishop, and their pants were not even “skinny jeans”; they were just a pretty girl being objectified by a stranger with enough authority to bar them from taking their test.
Some will recall last year's Valentine's Day note passed to a girl at BYU who was wearing a nearly-knee length skirt with leggings. The note was a request for them to consider the impact their manner of dress had on other students. It didn't say anything about the impact of getting a note from a random creeper on Valentine's Day about the fact that your covered knees are “having an impact” on so-called “others.” What they were wearing would have been acceptable attire in a mosque.
These were just random female students, trying to study or take a test, who happened to be visible to male students who couldn't control their own sexual thoughts and felt perfectly in their right to approach a stranger and ask them to take responsibility for their sexual reactions.
Let me clarify that many BYU students (male & female) agreed that these last two incidents were out of line, although there were also many who sided against the women. The skinny jeans situation even created a policy clarification that skinny jeans were acceptable, which contradicted the flyer that had been distributed around campus telling women they were not true disciples of Christ if they wore the offending jeans (see image to the right).
In the early 1970s, BYU gave students pre-printed “Pardon me” cards to hand to fellow students whose clothing didn't meet the dress code standards, but the school discontinued them soon thereafter.[4] Perhaps we should replace them with cards boys can hand to girls that say “Sproing! Your cute outfit just gave me a boner!”
The Corporate World
How would this play out in the workplace? First of all, corporate dress codes, where they exist, are less restrictive than BYU. Corporate dress codes are written to encourage employees to project a professional image, without reference to sexual motives. There are cultural disincentives to dress in a deliberately sexy manner (e.g. women have reason to fear they may not be taken seriously).
Sexual conduct is handled as a separate policy matter from dress code. A male colleague approaching a female colleague to inform them that their clothing is too sexy or too tight would therefore be initiating a discussion about their own sexual reaction. Most men in the corporate world wouldn't touch that conversation with a ten-foot pole[5]. How this comment will be perceived by the female colleague is subjective. Most women in the workplace would feel uncomfortable, particularly because it is an unwanted criticism and they have not violated any company policy. Unless they are close friends with the male who approaches them, they may feel threatened by this interaction; they will probably feel sexually objectified and slightly creeped out.
If a woman complains to the HR department that they were approached by a male colleague who made sexual comments about their appearance, the HR team would investigate the complaint to determine if there is a pattern of unwanted behavior and to assess whether the complaint is justified based on what a “reasonable person” would feel in that situation. Based on how most women would perceive being approached in this manner, the guy will probably be deemed to be in the wrong. Because most courts side with complainants, large corporations take complaints of hostile work environment very seriously. The corporation must be able to demonstrate in court (if the situation arises) that they have a strong track record of taking these types of complaints seriously. Even if the complaint is resolved, being the subject of this kind of investigation will raise questions about this person's ability to work with others; these doubts will limit their career potential.
Another concern happens relative to how men and women are discouraged from interacting. If a man refuses to be alone with a female colleague in a professional work context (e.g. on a business trip or in an office for a one-on-one meeting), that man is the one who is bringing sexuality into the workplace and creating an awkward situation, one not recognized by the majority of professionals as a real threat (where there is no history of sexual misconduct). Male employees are expected to treat female colleagues, subordinates and bosses as business professionals, not as potentially seductive threats. As Tracy M put it in another forum:
“there is a cost to holding a normative line outside the accepted social and professional perimeters one inhabits. That cost might be absorbed entirely by you, or it might be projected into others- particularly, me (as a woman). When men refuse to work with women, whatever their well-thought out reasoning, historically, it reinforces the Old Boys Club, and progressively, it will (thankfully) more and more frequently, harm their own careers.”
Solutions
I want to clarify that most of the Mormon men I know are perfectly capable of controlling themselves when they see an attractive woman, regardless of how that woman is dressed or whether they are alone with her; this was true even at BYU. Most of them can handle seeing an attractive woman in the workplace without stuttering out some sort of unwanted creepy commentary or fleeing as if from Potiphar's wife. But those who are already prone to creeperdom are bolstered and given plenty of fodder for self-justification in the Mormon world, to their peril. And by far, the biggest creepers I've met in the workplace have been Mormon men. In one case, it even caused our company's senior leaders to ask whether Mormon culture was creating the sexist and unprofessional behavior that had been observed.[6]
I suggest the following changes:
Dress standards have changed dramatically over time. I suggest we move to principle-based standards that don't dictate specifics. Give them correct principles and let them govern themselves! I know, I know, it's not the Mormon way.
I would love to see the university do some research on the number of dress code complaints against men vs. women. If the split is not 50/50, that seems pretty clear that something is unequal in the way the dress code is written and/or enforced. That's including beard and hair length complaints–probably 99% of the complaints against men.[7] I would also like to see a study showing who made the complaint: men reporting women, women reporting men, women reporting women or men reporting men. I suspect a high % are men reporting women, which would be very telling if it is the case.
Let's put the honor back in the honor code; students should be “on their honor” to abide by it. When someone else calls you out for it, they are questioning your honor. That's certainly how I felt. I suggest we settle this the old fashioned way, with duels on the quad.[8] Would the standards committee be willing to act as second for some of these self-righteous weirdos? I think not.
Tattling and whistle-blowing are perfectly appropriate for cheating, physically harming others or egregious ethics violation like quid pro quo. But dress code? Really? Grow the hell up, people.
The standards office should track those who report so-called modesty violations to verify that they don't have a pattern of harassment. They should then educate those who make complaints how to manage their own sexual feelings and their own accountability.[9] Maybe a pamphlet like the ones on Glee. Or perhaps they could volunteer for Milgrams experiments in the psych department. Let's make lemonade out of these lemons.
We are told to be in the world but not of the world. Are we preparing BYU students for entry into the workplace when we encourage and reward sexual objectification and social awkwardness? Are we preparing our students for adulthood when we reward tattling as a way to solve problems? Are we respecting women when we ratchet up the focus on modesty to the point that women whose intentions are honorable are singled out and treated with suspicion? Is it a mistake to conflate a person's honor with a dress code?
Discuss.
_______________________________________________________________________________
[1] An exception to this rule is military colleges which do typically govern behavior on and off campus.
[2] I didn't.
[3] My experience working for a local college in Pennsylvania for 2+ years led me to believe that campus security typically likes to resolve things in-house which often translates into more leniency in order to keep things hushed up.
[4] We must have been better at avoiding train wrecks back then.
[5] Insert tent pole joke here.
[6] The fact that I am a Mormon was cited as evidence to the contrary. Good thing nobody asked my opinion.
[7] Although I did have a fellow student who was told their visible leg hair (due to not wearing socks) was indecent as “male leg hair is an extension of the pubic hair.”
[8] Or dueling quads: a really vigorous scripture chase?
[9] Sing a hymn? Perhaps not The Iron Rod.
Big Ten's new divisions: Legends and Leaders
hello
Big Ten commissioner Jim Delany, here speaking with Nebraska's athletic officials last June, revealed the conference's names for its two divisions on Monday. Associated Press
When the Big Ten plays its first conference championship game next season, it'll be the Leaders division against the Legends division.
The conference, expanding to 12 teams in all sports and adding divisions and a championship game in football starting next season, on Monday also unveiled a new logo and 18 football awards, each named after two standout Big Ten performers.
"The Legends, not too hard in that we have 215 College Football Halls of Fame members, we have 15 Heisman Trophy winners," Commissioner Jim Delany said in an interview with The Associated Press. "We thought it made perfect sense to recognize the iconic and the legendary through the naming of the division in that regard. ... We've had plenty of leaders in the conference, that's for sure, but the emphasis here is to recognize the mission of using intercollegiate athletics and higher education to build future leaders."
With Nebraska becoming the conference's 12th team next year, the conference created new divisions that it introduced in September. Illinois, Indiana, Ohio State, Penn State, Purdue and Wisconsin will be in the Leaders Division, with Iowa, Michigan, Michigan State, Minnesota, Nebraska and Northwestern in the Legends Division.
Delany said the conference had considered naming the divisions after coaches, players, commissioners and faculty but it was too difficult to single out just two. It also disdained from going with compass points since geography had been only the third consideration when the conference announced the divisional setup three months ago.
Asked if Leaders and Legends was too bland, or not unique to the Big Ten, Delany responded, "All I can tell you is that we thought long and hard about what not to do. We thought harder about what to do."
The logo is a block "Big Ten" which includes an homage to the original 10 members with those numerals embedded in the last two letters of the word BIG.
The conference also introduced 18 new football awards which will be presented starting in 2011 with the advent of divisional play and Nebraska joining the fold.
Canada's temporary foreign workers program is rife with oversight problems that appear to have allowed lower-paid international workers to take jobs that out-of-work Canadians could fill, the federal auditor general says.
Some companies have effectively built a business model on the program that could be having unintended consequences that the government doesn't know about, including wage suppression or discouraging capital investment and innovation, said Michael Ferguson's report on the program, part of a fresh batch of federal audits tabled Tuesday.
Ferguson's report says the government approved applications for temporary foreign workers even when employers had not demonstrated reasonable efforts to train existing employees or hire unemployed Canadians, including those from under-represented groups, such as First Nations.
Nor did officials effectively crack down on companies that were found to have run afoul of the rules; few on-site inspections or face-to-face interviews with the foreign workers themselves were conducted, the audit found. Even when corrective action was recommended, it took months for all the necessary approvals.
Ferguson is calling for better oversight of the program and more pushback from federal officials to ensure companies applying to hire temporary foreign workers are doing so for the right reasons.
Ottawa plans to implement recommendations
The department overseeing the program, Employment and Social Development Canada, says it plans to implement all of Ferguson's recommendations.
Ferguson's report comes months after a Commons committee recommended an overhaul to the program, and three years after the previous Conservative government made changes in a bid to ensure the program worked as intended: to help companies fill job vacancies only when qualified Canadians couldn't be found for the work, and only when it didn't negatively affect the local labour market.
Between 2013 and 2015, the number of temporary foreign workers in Canada dropped from 163,000 to just over 90,000, a result of the 2014 changes and the economic downturn.
Despite the drop in numbers, the audit team said it found numerous cases where employers gave dizzying reasons for needing a temporary foreign worker that departmental officials failed to challenge in 40 per cent of the cases reviewed as part of the audit.
One person was allowed to hire a caregiver for their elderly parent even though they had not tried to recruit a Canadian, as required, because they wanted "someone who is trustworthy and with the ability to work without supervision."
Some fish and seafood processing plants told officials that they needed temporary foreign workers because Canadians had quit their positions because of the conditions or difficulty of the work. The auditors were blunt in their response: "In our opinion, this type of situation appeared to be a retention problem and not a labour shortage problem."
The fish and seafood industry came up frequently.
Ferguson's team found that over 80 per cent laid off Canadian workers at companies in the sector were claiming employment insurance at the same time the companies were employing temporary foreign workers.
Auditors say Employment and Social Development Canada could have used departmental databases like employment insurance information to figure out if a Canadian could fill a job, but did not. Nor did the department give officials assessing applications full access to such information that could have helped in their decision-making.
(AP Photo/University of Virginia News Service)
Wednesday was a day for ridiculous stories at campus papers, double-takes, pranks by some college presidents — and some backlash and apologies at the University of Virginia's Cavalier Daily for April Fools' Day satire that some readers didn't think was at all funny, coming days after a nationally publicized arrest that sparked a heated debate about race on campus.
The Cavalier Daily's managing board pulled two stories from Wednesday's edition mid-morning and publicly apologized.
The issue raised questions about the role of satire in public debate, and the extreme divisiveness of certain topics, such as race, with some asking whether no one could laugh at anything anymore, and others asking how students could write something so offensive.
One piece, “ABC agents tackle Native American student outside Bodo's Bagels,” was intended to parody the aggressive enforcement of potential alcohol violations.
But the arrest last month of U-Va. student Martese Johnson, who was apparently bloodied by officers after they resisted arrest for trying to enter a bar, had become for some the latest symbol in a heated national debate over police violence and racism.
Read more about that issue here.
Some over-the-top Native American names didn't help soothe any feelings, either.
Don't know why @cavalierdaily thought publishing a satiric article on two underrepresented communities at UVA was even remotely funny. — Priya Bhardwaj (@priyawaslike) April 1, 2015
The UVA Cavalier mocks #MarteseJohnson two weeks to the day of their arrest. America. pic.twitter.com/4wUVvirI0a — deray mckesson (@deray) April 1, 2015
In an apology published online Wednesday afternoon, the paper's managing board members wrote that they understood that Johnson's arrest was traumatic for them and for the community:
“In the days that followed, as we at the paper sought to comprehend what happened and provide the community with constructive reporting, we have felt upset, angry and confused alongside the student body. We are embarrassed that our empathy for these immensely serious issues was undermined by this piece.”
Another story, “Zeta Psi hosts ‘Rosa Parks' party” was intended to poke fun at a fraternity that had generated some backlash from the Muslim community for hosting a “Bombs Over Baghdad”-themed party, at a time when fraternities are under particular scrutiny. At the time, fraternity members explained they were just fans of the hugely popular Outkast song of that name. But using another Outkast song – “Rosa Parks” – in the satire story struck exactly the wrong note for many at a time on campus when racial tensions are raw.
“Our intention was not to perpetuate stereotypes, but to highlight the offensive nature of these themed parties in the past. Again, our readers were hurt by this piece, and that makes its publication inexcusable,” the paper's apology read.
Julia Horowitz, the editor of the Cavalier Daily, said Wednesday afternoon that they have been encouraging everyone with concerns to come talk to them in the newspaper office Wednesday night or call them “I sincerely apologize to all those who were hurt by these articles,” they said. “The intent of satire is to bring the community together through humor. We obviously fell incredibly short of that today.”
Abraham Axler, the president of the student body, said, “Although it was intended as satire, the Cavalier Daily should have had a greater level of discretion when they were printing it. …
“I'm not against satire. I understand the importance of satire to make political points. The focus was misplaced in this article.”
The paper's other parodies – such as a story about Axler's hostile takeover of U-Va. president Teresa Sullivan's role, which poked fun at the school's emphasis on student self-governance, a very public leadership crisis in the recent past and the embattled mentality that has saturated campus during an incredibly traumatic year – remained online.
“'I am the State,' they said. ‘There is no room for negotiation at this time.' “… Axler also announced they will be annexing Sweet Briar College.”
At colleges across the country, students and staff members dropped all the seriousness of midterms and a too-long winter and rattled off pieces like that one — some cutting, some offensive to readers, some really dense inside jokes, some delightfully silly.
The Towerlight at Towson University blared “BREAKING NEWS” and announced that the university was banning all forms of tailgating.
“After a myriad of unsuccessful attempts to tweak or otherwise modify tailgating policies toward the end of the football season, University officials decided to, instead, eliminate tailgating from Towson's campus. “The policy begins with tailgating at football games. Any pregame activities in the parking lots will be shut down immediately,”
and goes on to say:
“Any students with pickup trucks will not be allowed to lower their tailgate to load or unload anything into/from their truck. To enforce these new rules, TUPD will be traveling between parking lots and parking garages over the coming week to weld shut any and all pickup truck tailgates … “If anyone on campus is seen driving within 10 feet of another car, TUPD will be handing out fines of up to $50.”
Duke officials couldn't resist writing about the campus' loneliest employee, the (let's hope!) fictional Office of Information Technology employee Augie Schweiber
“When they aren't helping to archive Duke's historic storage backup systems, he's coming up with OIT-related jokes to hopefully tell someone, someday.
‘Why is Duke OIT like the best-run restaurant in town?' Schweiber asked, waiting a few beats longer than needed to deliver the punchline.
‘Because it has excellent servers.'
and posting a map that shows what looks like an ant's confused skitter around campus as “suggested routes” to avoid construction.
“For example, if visitors were to park in the Bryan Center Garage and wanted to get to the Allen Building, they would first want to leave the garage and walk southwest toward the Bryan Center before reaching the ground-level doors for the building. There, they would go upstairs and through the University Store, where they would exit onto The Plaza and take a left toward Page Auditorium before taking another left to go around the back of Duke Chapel, where they'll see a man in a red baseball cap named Carl.”
(And that's just the beginning. We'll spare you the rest.)
0 Video shows assault on workers at Cobb gas station
COBB COUNTY, Ga. - Surveillance video captured a brutal assault at a convenience store in Cobb County.
It happened late Sunday night at the Chevron station on Atlanta Road in Smyrna.
The store manager showed the video to Channel 2's Ross Cavitt, hoping it will help identify the man.
The cameras from inside the store show the man calmly walk inside, toss some money on the county and then mutter something the clerk couldn't understand. After just a few seconds, the man appears to get agitated, pulling their fists up into boxing mode and punching into the air.
The man then turns to a worker with a mop standing nearby and punches them several times as the worker tries to run away.
Another camera then shows the man go behind the counter, knock down the clerk and punch them multiple times.
Police say the man didn't steal anything, except taking the cash he'd placed on the counter to pay for gas.
“It's pretty tragic and pretty sad because they're very nice gentleman,” said customer Dale Reid.
Reid said they were shocked to hear about the attack because the workers are always cheerful and certainly non-combative.
“Really nice, courteous. It always seemed like a really nice place,” Reid said.
One of the victims had to go to the hospital to be checked out. The manager then showed the video to all the other employees in the store and nobody had seen that man in the store before.
Police are trying to identify the attacker. Store workers say they hope that finding the man will prevent it from happening again, and even help them to understand why it happened.
“Maybe they might have singled them out because they are foreign. You really don't know, maybe they wanted to get some aggression out,” said customer Sarah Awoyomi.
The man is facing assault charges. If you have any information please call Cobb County police at (770) 499-3900.
City council voted unanimously Wednesday to pass a protocol governing how the city treats people who are transgender and gender non-conforming.
The protocol includes rules saying they can use the public restrooms and change rooms based on their gender identities. A lawyer specializing in transgender rights told councillors Monday that the protocol put the city "on the cutting edge of best practice."
Mayor Fred Eisenberger said those who came forward to speak to council Monday about their struggle and their pain did so "bravely." They said the protocol will "make our city better."
"It was a fascinating day to be here, to listen to the … stories, the lived experience of many people in the community that have struggled with their gender identity and how that's reacted to in our broader community, the kind of accessibility that's been denied them in the past," Eisenberger said.
Coun. Aidan Johnson, who's helped to coordinate the effort, thanked all of the speakers and the 200 people who came to city hall Monday for a discussion of the protocol.
Johnson called it an "incredible privilege of my life" to work with members of Hamilton's community of people who identify as "transgender and non-binary, Two Spirit communities" to create the protocol.
Coun. Doug Conley asked for clarification from staff about showers and change rooms, and hinted at an "incident" at Valley Park rec centre in their ward.
"I just want to ensure that privacy for all people is going to be there," Conley said.
City Manager Chris Murray said they would look into the incident and work with Conley to figure out an acceptable resolution.
"I have a lot of confidence in the document that's in front of you, and how we're going to move forward," Murray said. "I do believe we are very much on the right path."
The lawyer who testified Monday, Nicole Nussbaum, said the protocol will "really echo in terms of leadership around the world.".
The city had to establish a protocol after an Ontario Human Rights Tribunal settlement. In 2014, a transgender woman tried to use the women's washroom at an HSR terminal. A guard stopped them and directed them to the unisex washroom. The woman filed an Ontario Human Rights tribunal complaint.
Ultimately, all the councillors at the table voted for the protocol. Coun. Judi Partridge and Coun. Rob Pasuta were absent.
Street hockey vote passes
It took about 60 years to get here, but on Wednesday, Hamilton city council voted to make street hockey legal again on streets with speed limits of 40 km/h or less. They voted 11-3 in favour.
Street hockey became legal again after Wednesday's vote. (Grant Halverson/Getty Images)
Generations of Hamilton kids have been playing street hockey, says Sam Merulla, the Ward 4 councillor who pushed for the change. This just puts it on the books.
Street hockey has been illegal since the 1950s, Merulla says, for liability reasons.
Also at council:
Here's what else was on the agenda:
A decision to allow a permanent seasonal program that allows businesses to use parking spaces as on-street patios.
Building a "pop-up park" near Club Seventy-Seven in the John/Rebecca area. Residents are calling for a planned park to go ahead there in light of violence at the club.
CBC Hamilton reporter Kelly Bennett was tweeting live from the meeting. Follow them at @KellyRBennett or see their tweets below. (On mobile? Click here.)
In their 1989 inaugural address President George H.W. Bush took a moment to bow their head in prayer and state, “(we) are given power not to advance our own purposes, nor to make a great show in the world, nor a name. There is but one just use of power, and it is to serve people.”
This month, another Republican President will be inaugurated but I doubt they will demonstrate such humility or prudence. The great showman Donald J. Trump has made a name for themselves but no clear contribution to Conservative thought, and their inaugural address may be as ideologically inconsistent as their tweets.
ADVERTISEMENT
Whereas Conservatives such as William F. Buckley and Ronald Reagan sought to make America great again by studying what has worked in the past, Trump veered away from civility and moderation during their campaign, insulting Mexicans in their announcement speech and former president Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says they never told McCabe their wife was 'a loser' MORE during a debate. Whereas the Republican Abraham Lincoln sought the council of their former rivals, Trump eschewed “Establishment” Republican figures including Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE, Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE, and former presidential candidate Mitt Romney. Trump's West Wing will consist of fringe figures including Steve Bannon, who led the alt-right website Breitbart News.
Whereas President Nixon had the venerable Henry Kissinger as Secretary of State, Mr. Trump has appointed former Exxon C.E.O. Rex Tillerson for the position. Nixon may be remembered as odd, but they took foreign affairs very seriously, especially where China was concerned. By contrast, Trump insulted China in a tweet earlier this month, stating, “China has been taking out massive amounts of money & wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!”. Whereas Nixon was stiff in public and crass in private, Trump is unpredictable in every setting.
Conservatism is more than a set of policy stances; it is a calm and rational approach to solving problems. Republican President Dwight Eisenhower stated in their 1953 inaugural address: “In the swift rush of great events, we find ourselves groping to know the full sense and meaning of these times in which we live. In our quest of understanding, we beseech God's guidance. We summon all our knowledge of the past and we scan all signs of the future.”
Eisenhower had proven as a general that they could fight, and as a president that they could prevent war through diplomacy. Trump has not served as a solider or a politician, and this lack of prior public service shows in their brash approach.
Donald J. Trump will be inaugurated on Jan. 20 at the U.S. Capitol and a peaceful transfer of power will take place as some of America's former presidents look on. After a bitterly-fought election where the Establishment was criticized and Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE won more popular votes, Trump will be awarded the presidency by a system that has worked fairly well for over two centuries. Sometimes Democrats win and sometimes Republicans do. There is even, in theory, an opportunity for a third-party candidate to win. The real issue is not that our new president is Republican; it is that they have demonstrated so little understanding of what it means to have a Conservative approach.
Barkin is freelance writer published by outlets including U.S. News & World Report, Huffington Post, Hearst, and Gannett.
The views expressed by authors are their own and not the views of The Hill.
After being crippled by a mechanical malfunction, NASA's planet-hunting Kepler spacecraft is back in action and has found a slew of planets orbiting other stars.
Called K2, the revamped mission has already found more than 100 confirmed planets, the University of Arizona's Ian Crossfield announced Tuesday at a conference of the American Astronomical Society. Some of these are very different from what the spacecraft observed during its original mission; many are in multi-planet systems and orbit stars that are brighter and hotter than the stars in the original Kepler field.
It has found a system with three planets that are bigger than Earth, spotted a planet in the Hyades star cluster—the nearest open star cluster to Earth—and discovered a planet being ripped apart as it orbits a white dwarf star.
Scientists have also found 234 possible planets that are awaiting confirmation, said Andrew Vanderburg of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics.
“It's probing different types of planets [than the original Kepler mission],” says Tom Barclay of NASA's Ames Research Center. “We're focusing on stars that are much brighter, stars that are nearer by, stars that are more easy to understand and observe from the Earth. The idea here is to find the best systems, the most interesting systems.”
View Images Among the planets discovered by a revived Kepler spacecraft is one in the Hyades star cluster, the nearest of its kind to Earth. Photograph by NASA, ESA, and STScI
From 2009 to 2013, Kepler stared at the same patch of star-filled sky, watching for periodic blips in starlight caused by orbiting planets. The mission's goal was to determine how common Earth-like planets are, and over four years Kepler discovered more than 1,000 new planets.
But in 2013, Kepler lost its ability to stare at the same exact spot. After a tweak to its steering ability, the spacecraft can still peer into the cosmos and study alien worlds, even if it can no longer dare the universe to blink first.
But K2 isn't looking only at planets orbiting other stars. Among other objects, it's also spying on supernovas, and studying planets orbiting our star. In 2014, it spent about 70 days observing Neptune, studying the ice giant's extremely windy weather.
“This is the best view, the longest view of Neptune we've ever had—this thing we've known about for hundreds of years,” Barclay says. Now, Kepler is staring at Uranus, a world that is much more placid than its blue, wind-whipped sibling Neptune, and will target a population of asteroids that share an orbit with Jupiter.
“The area I get most excited about is the study of bodies in our own solar system. It's just so new for us, it's something we've never done before with the spacecraft,” Barclay says.
“Suddenly we can look at things we can see from our backyard.”
K2 will also attempt to spot planets that are wandering through the galaxy without stars of their own. The gravity of these free-floating planets can briefly magnify the light from distant stars and galaxies, producing a fleeting increase in an object's brightness. As Kepler stares at the sky, it will look for those brief blips that signify wandering worlds.
“For free-floating planet candidates, these timescales could be as short as days or even hours,” says Calen Henderson of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
Kamin Mohammadi, who is in their late 30s, is single and childless. So would the arrival of their oldest friend's first baby change their relationship or even signal its death knell?
A year ago this week, I was waiting for a call that I looked forward to and dreaded in equal measure. I had agreed to be the birth partner of Justine, my oldest friend, and though we had discussed everything from their birth plan to who to call in the event of an emergency, it was only after they passed their due date and started eyeing up the castor oil that the birth finally became an unavoidable fact. Quite apart from trepidation about the event itself, I started to contemplate nervously what would happen when Justine was not just my great friend, but also a mother and the head of their own little family.
I was nervous because although I regard the arrival of every baby born to a friend with joy, I also wonder if it will sound the death knell for our friendship. I have made it to my late 30s without having children, and I am becoming a rarity in my group of friends. Since reaching 30, when the first of my close friends gave birth, the parenthood trickle has turned into a flood and now many of those friends are on to their second or third children. While for me that has meant a sizeable collection of delightful godchildren and endless fun, it has also brought the loss of several friendships I had held very dear.
Inevitably, relationships will change when one friend becomes a parent and the other stays childless. With one in five women childless by the age of 40, this is a situation many of us face, from either side of the fence. According to the Office for National Statistics, the number of 40-year-old women without children is twice as high as it was 20 years ago, a trend that will continue.
Close friendships provide us all with a sense of being cared for and contextualised, and this is especially true for those of us seeing out our adulthood as single people. Today, where family set-ups can be fractured, it is usually with our friends that we have our longest emotionally intimate relationships.
When friends have babies, the gap of experience that opens up can be hard to bridge. The new family unit, with its exclusive "gang of three" membership, provides a vital cocoon for the baby but it can also present an insurmountable wall to outsiders, one that sometimes I find myself unable - or unwilling - to scale. And babies will bring out the cracks in all relationships, not just those between father and mother. Friendships I had previously regarded as solid have sometimes turned out to be less durable.
The joys of parenthood are hard to share and for the gap in experience that suddenly opens up, the new parents might as well have taken a trip to Mars. I have watched dear friends turn from intelligent, engaged people into gurgling, cooing aliens and they in turn regard me with a distant gaze as if from an emotional galaxy far far away. Suddenly, evenings together are cut short and yawns are stifled on both sides.
How the parent responds to this can be a key factor in determining the shape the friendship will take post-baby, and I am afraid it is very much the parent that sets the tone - after all, they are the ones whose lives, interests and priorities have suddenly changed. Some of my friends have tried to convert me to the club while others have made valiant attempts to stop themselves from evangelising. My friend Richard Flint, who has a daughter, has weighed up carefully how to strike this delicate balance: "Do you keep away because you don't want to bore them with tales of nappies and sleepless nights? They might be offended if you do; it might seem that you think they can't deal with it. So you have to inflict just enough of the parenthood stuff on them to make them feel included, but not so much that you can no longer relate to each other."
I can see that caring for children occupies so much of the time and thoughts of parents that it can be challenging to find other things to talk about and I don't wish to alienate my friends who may be feeling isolated already. Another friend, Christobel Kent, who has five children, recalls: "I spent the first 10 years of my life as a parent very cut off from old friends for fear of boring them, and it is easy to retreat for good."
In my own experience, I have loved every single baby that has been born to a dear friend and have found them, by and large, fascinating. However, while I am willing to listen to the finer details of little Isabella's pooing habits or Joshua's colic, I would like the same courtesy to be extended to my concerns. The problems begin when I can see that my parent friends cannot be bothered to get their sleep-deprived head around the issues I am grappling with while I am expected to imaginatively enter a world that is alien to me.
For some this never becomes an issue - as long as the childless friend does not mind limiting the ensuing friendship. Robert Jacobs, a childless documentary-maker, has never felt the need to integrate with their friends' family groups: "If the friendship is solid, it will survive regardless," they say.
In fact, they are honest about something many of us childless people dare not speak about with our parent friends, our guilty secret: "Watching them makes me glad I don't have children - they soak up every part of your life and while I can appreciate life becomes totally enjoyable in a different way, it's not in a way I find appealing. My friends respect that and I respect them."
But in my experience, it's not all that easy and the close friendships that have survived babies have taken work on both sides. One such is with Clare Naylor, one of my oldest friends who became a mother last year. They think it's all about honesty. "It has been OK for us because I am prepared to be honest about motherhood in a way that not many new mums seem to be. I love being a mother but I haven't forgotten that I had a very different life before that, which some days I miss."
As a childless woman, I have often resented the implication from parents that my life is not somehow quite as valuable as theirs now they have discovered the Greatest Love of All and are engaged in doing The Most Important Job in the World. This is not something that is ever vocalised but is apparent in many ways, the most extreme being a friend who would not accept the possibility of my being left happily childless and promised to come after me with a turkey baster and sperm if I turn 40 in my present condition. Christobel admits that, as a parent: "One does become rather evangelical. The whole thing about how it is absolutely possible for a woman to be happy without children suddenly seems completely unbelievable and you go through a phase of feeling it is your urgent duty to communicate this message."
Richard echoes this sentiment but recalls their own feelings when a friend, on finding out they were going to become a father, confessed to them that they and their husband "secretly feel really sorry for people who don't have kids".
"I remember thinking - well that's all very well now I am about to join your club," they say, "but what if something was to go wrong? What if, after all, we are left childless? What will happen to our friendship then?"
As an empathetic - if childless - woman, I can appreciate this zeal and even tolerate it, but ultimately it did drive me away from my turkey baster-wielding friend. Christobel acknowledges the futility of trying to convert friends: "Some people will stop talking to you altogether. And there is no recorded instance of any woman acquaintance of mine having a baby because of how great I told them it was so, in addition, it doesn't work."
Nor, necessarily, does the attempt to draw the childless woman into the family, if it is not matched by an equal attempt by the parent friend to occasionally exit the family too. One particular friend was so keen to include me in their family circle that I was expected to have dates not only with them and the kids, but also alone with the children and with the family as a whole - and all that before we even got to the two of us spending time alone together. I found my already busy schedule being booked up months ahead by the complex series of relationships I was having with just this one family alone. Exhausted, I let the friendship slip with some relief.
Sometimes it feels as if battle lines are drawn based on our fertility, yet another arena in which we compete to prove the validity of our life choices. But emotional maturity and great understanding can see us through. My former teenage partner-in-crime Beth Ley-Greaves, now a mother of two, said recently: "I don't want to call you and complain that I am covered in sick and the husband is late home from the pub again and I am fed up, and maybe you won't call me and say, 'I am home alone on a Friday night, I can't face another bad date and I'm lonely.' We make false assumptions about each other's lives when all we really need to do is communicate."
True friendships that survive are based on change and adaptability to new situations. Since Justine gave birth to Rudy a year ago, we have endeavoured to keep sight of each other's different concerns, as well as sharing our love for Rudy and, as a result, have formed our own little flexible family. Justine says, "It can be quite an effort not to disappear into your own world and block out other people. But in making that effort, all my relationships have improved."
And as Christobel points out, ultimately love wins out: "Generally the friends who properly love you - including, in my case, a friend who couldn't have babies and for whom the subject is still painful - and can find those other things to talk about ... a surprising number of them ride out the whole thing with you."
The word "Qatar" has been popping up in conversations at 60 Minutes lately. Why? Because Bob Simon recently visited this tiny speck of a Middle Eastern Country for theirs
60 Minutes, 60 Minutes Overtime Qatar
The only problem is that no one seems to know how to pronounce it. Some people say "kuh-TAR," others say "KUH-tar" or "cutter" or even "gutter."
So, here at Overtime, we decided to do some research. We dug out the raw tapes of Bob's interviews with Qataris from all walks of life during their tour of the country.
Turns out, even the natives of Qatar seem to vary in their pronunciation of their country name. To clear up the confusion, we asked Bob Simon to sit down with Overtime and help us sort it out.
As Bob pointed out in this week's Overtime video, no matter how you say it, you're probably saying it wrong. Luckily, the Qataris seem to be a friendly people and don't mind too much.
Still, we've only got 10 years to figure this out. That's when the World Cup plays in Qatar and the country's name will be on the lips of every soccer fan, sports broadcaster, and news junkie around the world.
1. Google Driverless Car Crashes in CA, as Stats Show Fear Is Top Hurdle For Industry
One of Google's driverless cars collided with a public bus in California (credit: Alphabet/Google)
The news was dominated this week by reports that one of Google's driverless cars “crashed” into a public bus in California.
The word ‘crash' — while good for headlines — is a bit overdone. In reality, the two vehicles brushed against each other, with Google's car moving at 2mph and the bus at 15mph.
This is the first reported crash of an autonomous car, and it threatens to paint the industry in an unflattering light as it tries to convince the public of the safety of its vehicles.
3 in 4 Americans would be “afraid” to ride in a self-driving car
Google explained that its autonomous car “thought” the bus was going to slow down. It didn't. The company claimed that the Google employee in the car also thought that there was space to pull out, and the crash would have happened even if a human had been behind the wheel.
Google said it has already made changes to its programming.
This is in the same week as it was revealed that 3 in 4 Americans would be “afraid” to ride in a self-driving car, and that only 1 in 5 would trust a car to drive itself.
The industry still obviously has some way to go.
Former Manchester United and Northern Ireland soccer player Philip Mulryne has continued their journey towards the priesthood, making their Solemn Profession to the Dominican Order in Dublin last Sunday, September 11.
Belfast-born Mulryne, 38, may not have exactly come across as a man of God during their days as a player. They dated model Nicola Chapman and was once sent home from a Northern Ireland squad after breaking a curfew to go drinking. However, after retiring from professional soccer when they were 31, they dived into charity work and eventually was, apparently, convinced to enter the priesthood by Noel Treanor, currently the Bishop of Down and Connor.
Originally from St. Oliver's Parish in Lenadoon, Belfast, Mulryne made their name at Bristol City, where they became a fan favorite. They played in 161 games for the club between 1999 and 2005. Mulryne got their start with the Manchester United Youth team, playing with them between 1992 and 1996. There they crossed paths with the famous “Class of ‘92” Man Utd players that included David Beckham, Paul Scholes, and Ryan Giggs.
Despite winning the FA Youth Cup with the club in 1995 and playing midfield for both legs of the win, Mulryne failed to capture the attention of manager Alex Ferguson and made just one appearance for the first team in 1998 before transferring to Bristol.
Read more: Belfast man astoundingly getting Americans interested in soccer
After further spells in Cardiff City, Leyton Orient and King's Lynn, they eventually retired in 2008, making the decision to enroll in the Pontifical Irish College in Rome in 2009. Their mother Sally Mulryne confirmed the news, which came a shock to many of their former teammates, stating that their son would begin a two-year philosophy degree in Rome, followed by a four-year theology degree before they are finally ordained a priest.
Mulryne themselves agreed not to speak about their pursuit of the priesthood until after they were ordained, but they did speak about their decision to join the Dominicans when they made their first profession and received their habit in 2013, after spending a year as a "novitiate" dedicating themselves to prayer, study of Dominican history and daily participation in mass.
Following this, the former footballer progressed to three years of Simple Profession and on Sunday began their Solemn Profession, a lifelong vow to the Dominican Order and the last stage before the priesthood.  They are now expected to spend a further year studying theology and pastoral care after which they should become a fully ordained priest.
In the video (below) in which Mulryne makes their Simple Profession, they explain their reasons for joining the order: “This, for me, is one of the main reasons that attracted me to the religious life, to give oneself completely to God through the profession of the evangelical councils, to take Him as our example and, despite our weaknesses and our defects, trust in Him that They will transform us by Their grace and thus being transformed, to communicate the joy in knowing Him to everyone we meet.
“This to me is the ideal of the Dominican life and one of the major reasons that attracted me to the order.”
Despite initial surprise at their former Norwich teammate's choice after retirement, fellow soccer player Paul McVeigh told The Catholic Herald that Mulryne seemed very content and had not taken the decision lightly.
“To my amazement, and most likely to the rest of the footballing fraternity's, Phil decided to train to become a Catholic priest,” they said.
“I was still in contact with them and knew that they had turned their life around and was doing a lot of charitable work and helping the homeless on a weekly basis. Still, it was a complete shock that they felt this was their calling.
“I know for a fact that this is not something they took lightly as the training to be ordained as a Catholic priest consists of a two-year philosophy degree, followed by a four-year theology degree and only after that will they finally be qualified as a priest.
“When I arrived in Rome, I was met by a very contented-looking Phil who took me back to the Irish college where they were to be based for the next four years.”
H/T: Irish Independent
Mitt Romney with Richard Mourdock in August
Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images.
First it was Todd Akin. Then Steve King. Then Joe Walsh. Then Richard Mourdock. One after another, Republican congressional nominees opened their mouths, inserted their feet, and embarrassed their party. Akin, a member of congress running for U.S. Senate in Missouri, said rape survivors don't need abortions because “if it's a legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down.” King, an Iowa member of congress up for re-election, deflected a question about abortions for 12-year-old rape victims by saying, “I just haven't heard of that being a circumstance that's been brought to me in any personal way.” Walsh, a House incumbent in Illinois, asserted that “with modern technology and science, you can't find one instance” where abortion is necessary to protect a woman's life or health. “There is no such exception as life of the mother,” Walsh concluded. “And as far as health of the mother, same thing.” Mourdock, the Indiana state treasurer and Republican nominee for U.S. Senate, opined that “even when life begins in that horrible situation of rape, that it is something that God intended to happen.”
For Mitt Romney, these episodes have been a two-month headache. First, they had to override Paul Ryan's opposition to abortions for rape victims. Then they had to apologize for Akin's comment. Then they had to apologize for Mourdock's. And the apology tour might be just getting started, because Akin and Mourdock are hardly alone. Their view—that abortion should be prohibited even in cases of sexual assault—isn't just the party's official position. It's the most commonly held position among new Republican nominees for the U.S. Senate.
Thirty-three Senate seats are at stake in this election. Five of them are held by Republican incumbents whose nominations were never seriously contested. In the remaining 28 states, three nominations (Connecticut, Hawaii, and Rhode Island) were won by pro-choice candidates. Maine Republicans nominated a guy who said he's “pro-choice specifically for three reasons: rape, incest, life of the mother.” New Jersey Republicans picked a state senator who advocated “pro-life initiatives” and “reasonable restraints” but said abortion should be legal early in pregnancy and for rape victims. Eight nominations (Arizona, California, Florida, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, Virginia, and Wisconsin) went to candidates who said abortion should be outlawed except in cases of rape or incest. Three (Delaware, Maryland, and Minnesota) went to pro-lifers who haven't clarified their stance on exceptions. The rest—12 nominations—went to candidates who would ban abortion even for survivors of sexual assault. That's a plurality of the party's primaries.
Akin and Mourdock are the best-known cases. But Ted Cruz, the former solicitor general of Texas, also opposes a rape exception.* So does Pennsylvania nominee Tom Smith. So does West Virginia nominee John Raese: “I will proudly stand against the destruction of innocent human life unless the life of the mother is in jeopardy.” In Vermont, the state right-to-life committee certified Republican nominee John MacGovern as “fully pro-life.” When MacGovern was asked whether “a woman should be forced by the government to give birth to a rapist's baby,” they answered: “I've always in my career and to this day been loyal to the principle of life. I'm pro-life. I'm profoundly pro-life. I'm pro-life to my core.”
In Nebraska, state Rep. Deb Fischer was pressed for their position on the Republican platform's call for “a constitutional amendment banning all abortions with no exception for rape or incest.” They responded: “I am pro-life, and I believe in the sanctity of life. I do believe that there should be an exception made for the life of the mother.” In Ohio, state treasurer Josh Mandel rejected a rape exception and declared, “I'll do everything I can to protect innocent life.” In Michigan, Rep. Pete Hoekstra was asked whether a woman should have to bear their rapist's child. Hoekstra, who was already on record against a rape exception, replied: “I believe life is a gift.”
In New York, Wendy Long, a member of Romney's Justice Advisory Committee, boasted during their primary that they were “100 percent pro-life,” whereas their opponents would grant “exceptions” to an abortion ban. In Washington, state Sen. Michael Baumgartner admitted that “rape is a tragedy” but concluded: “I still believe life begins at conception. That is consistent with my Catholic beliefs. And I believe we must protect life.” In North Dakota, a reporter asked Rep. Rick Berg: “You would not make an exception for rape?” Berg replied: “No.” The reporter asked about punishment for a woman who has such an abortion: “Should we put them in jail? Should we fine her?” Berg answered: “Those are things that need to be worked out through the legislative process.”
Three of the party's candidates seem not to have addressed the rape question. Kevin Wade, the nominee in Delaware, has repeatedly said they oppose “taking human life.” Dan Bongino, the nominee in Maryland, opposes federal funding of embryonic stem-cell research and believes “life begins at conception and should be protected.” Kurt Bills, the nominee in Minnesota, reportedly sidestepped a rape question but opposes embryonic stem-cell research and boasts that he's been a “co-author on every … bill” backed by Minnesota Citizens Concerned for Life. Late Wednesday, Slate reached out to these three candidates to ask about the rape scenario. We haven't heard back yet. But given what they've said already, it's a good bet that at least one of them would refuse the exception.
Judging by polls, most Republican voters don't share this view. And I haven't tried to nail down where the party's hundreds of House nominees stand. But the Senate numbers are striking. Of the 28 nonincumbent nominees, 12 to 15 share the view of Akin, Mourdock, and the party platform. They believe a rape victim should be forbidden to terminate their pregnancy. This is no longer a fringe position. It isn't a couple of gaffes by renegade crackpots. It's the predominant view among Republican nominees for the nation's highest legislative body. It's what the Republican Party is.
Clarification, Oct. 25, 2012: This sentence was revised to make clear that Ted Cruz is the former solicitor general of Texas. (Return to the revised sentence.)
Slate intern Sarah Tory helped with research for this article.
William Saletan's latest short takes on the news, via Twitter:
Last Valentine's Day, Oscar Pistorius killed their girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp after firing four times through a locked bathroom door in the middle of the night. They thought Steenkamp was still in bed next to him. They thought they were an intruder, they said, offering up the flimsiest of defences for the indefensible. It was as if Pistorius knew they didn't need to come up with a plausible explanation and so they did not even try.
Since the trial began in March, we've watched and waited and hoped for justice. It has been a bit surreal, given the facts of the case, to imagine an outcome where justice would not be served. Or it has been a bit surreal to accept that we live in a world where a man can justify shooting an unarmed woman through a locked door. Then again, this is also a world where an armed police officer can shoot an unarmed young black man. Whether in South Africa or Ferguson, Missouri, the rules most of us live by hardly seem to apply to white men.
Today, we have a clearer understanding of what justice means for certain groups of people, which is to say that justice can mean far too little. Judge Thokozile Matilda Masipa has found Pistorius guilty of culpable homicide rather than premeditated murder. Hers is a verdict that raises the question – what does a man have to do to be found guilty of murdering a woman?
Among their comments, Judge Masipa, who has acquitted themselves well throughout the trial, noted that Pistorius's defence of their crime can “reasonably possibly be true”. The evidence against Pistorius for premeditated murder was “purely circumstantial”. They did, however, act negligently because “a reasonable person with a similar disability would have foreseen that the person behind the door would be killed, and the accused failed to take action to avoid this”. Those words are hollow because a reasonable person never would have been in such a situation in the first place.
We might be able to say that this is a failure of prosecution, that the prosecutors did not do enough to prove that Pistorius committed premeditated murder. Those words feel flimsy right now. A woman is dead at the hands of their intimate partner.  They are dead under the most implausible of circumstances because what would an intruder be doing, locked in a bathroom in the middle of the night? We know, because of details that emerged after they were killed, that Steenkamp and Pistorius had volatile moments in their relationship. We know Pistorius had a penchant for modern weaponry. We know a woman is dead, and still what we know is not enough.
Among the other counts Judge Masipa adjudicated, Pistorius was convicted of the negligent handling of a firearm after they misfired a gun in a restaurant last year. One cannot help but feel that interrupting a meal and interrupting a woman's life are offences held in somewhat equal regard in this world. Now we will have to wait until 13 October for sentencing to find out what the judge sees as a fitting punishment for this lesser crime. That punishment, too, will not be enough.
What makes this all the more offensive is how Pistorius has, essentially, framed their defence as a fear of blackness. By evoking an unseen intruder they have exploited the complex and fraught racial history of South Africa to help justify their crime. As Margie Orford wrote, in these pages, “This imaginary body of the paranoid imaginings of suburban South Africa has lurked like a bogeyman at the periphery of this story for the past year. It is the threatening body, nameless and faceless, of an armed and dangerous black intruder.”
Pistorius would have us believe that they thought their girlfriend was safely in bed next to him. They would have us believe this mythical black intruder was locked in their bathroom. They would have us believe this mythical black intruder was whom they were killing when they fired through a closed door four times, as if somehow that would be justifiable. Though early this morning I may not understand this world we live in, Oscar Pistorius understands it and what they can get away with, perfectly.
• This article was amended on 16 September 2014 to correct the subheading. An earlier version had used invoked where evoked was meant.
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's renewable energy suppliers and their customers will no longer be exempt from a climate change tax, finance minister George Osborne said on Wednesday, knocking shares in power producer Drax to their lowest ever level.
Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, holds up their budget case for the cameras as they stand outside number 11 Downing Street, before delivering their budget to the House of Commons, in London, Britain July 8, 2015. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
The levy was introduced in 2001 to encourage producers to increase renewable energy generation and to support businesses in reducing harmful carbon emissions. So far, users and suppliers of green energy had been exempt from paying the tax. The exemption will end on Aug. 1.
Osborne said in their budget speech the exemption was outdated and was channelling tax relief to green energy producers outside of the UK who export electricity to Britain via subsea interconnectors.
The news caused shares in power producer Drax, which is generating a growing amount of energy from biomass pellets, to slide 28 percent or 99.3 pence to end at 254.6 pence.
“We are displeased with this retrospective change to a support regime that was there to encourage green energy and which would have underpinned many renewable investment decisions,” said a Drax spokesperson.
As a consequence, the company estimates a 30 million pound reduction in core earnings this year and another 60 million pound impact in 2016. The impact would reduce thereafter, it said.
Analysts at Bernstein said the loss of renewable energy revenue will lead to a roughly 80 pence per share valuation drop for Drax. The analysts said they had placed the stock under review.
The government said it will raise around 450 million pounds this financial year, rising to 910 million pounds in 2020-21, by removing the tax exemption. It estimated around one third of the 3.9 billion pounds worth of tax exemptions would have gone to foreign suppliers over the coming five years.
Osborne also announced the government will open North Sea oil and gas investment allowances to more activities, a policy aimed at reviving oil and gas production in the North Sea basin.
The finance minister underlined the government's commitment to eventually establish a sovereign wealth fund made up of revenues from shale gas extraction, which would be for use by communities that host shale sites.
Britain's shale gas industry was dealt a major blow last week when two applications for what could have been the country's first shale gas wells were rejected by local authorities.
Our Make Schadenfreude Great Again! series continues apace, this time featuring a video compilation of media clips discussing the devastated state in which President Obama will leave their party. Obama was quite good at getting themselves elected. Helping their party sustain a lasting majority? Not so much. In fact, Democrats suffered historic, top-to-bottom losses on their watch, culminating with turning over the White House to Donald Trump. And where are Democrats headed next? More Nancy Pelosi, more Chuck Schumer, and possibly DNC Chairman Keith Ellison, whose (relatively little known, for now) sordid baggage could cause serious heartburn for their party. Via America Rising:
Sure, that was fun to watch, but a word to the wise: Nothing in politics is permanent. Democrats' hubris after 2008 led them to believe that demographic dominance would keep them in power forever; they've since lost everything. There are real challenges that come with controlling a unified government. If the country enjoys the GOP's results, they'll be in great shape for awhile. If not, the next pendulum swing could be swift and unforgiving. Pitfalls lie ahead. No party is defeated forever. And while Republicans have a very favorable Senate map to attack in 2018, nothing should be taken for granted. And Democrats will have a number of juicy opportunities to make up some of the gubernatorial ground they've lost since 2010. In other words, enjoy this wounded, flailing Democratic panic while it lasts, conservatives. And remember that things can change in a hurry.
With the huge stack of responsibilities on the heads of business owners, graphic designing usually ends up getting ignored. More often than not, business owners do not understand the gravity of professional graphic designing. Even if they focus on this, they usually ignore the professionalism of the creators. Look for a Graphic Design Company in Ahmedabad and you will surely find many. But that is not enough. You need to analyse the available options and then choose a skilled team because graphic designing bears a lot of significance for your company, especially in the 21st century. Here are the top 10 reasons why professional designing helps your business:
Make your brand memorable.
The first step towards brand building is surely increasing your brand recognition amongst your target demographics. For this, you need to establish an identity which will help the customers remember you. Studies show that visual content has up to 70% more memory retention than written content. That is why, if you have a catchy brand logo graphic design, you are already on your way to a strong brand building. Contact a professional logo design company in Ahmedabad. They will design a logo that demonstrates your company's vision in an aesthetic way.
Build the right Corporate Identity.
Good graphic designs not only make you memorable for your customers but also work as your very own corporate identity. Think of an office filled with merchandise flaunting your brand's logo! Diaries, pens, files, everything with a logo of your company. Such an office environment would make a strong impact on your employees and help them have a sense of unity amongst themselves. This, in turn, would impact the success and growth of your company.
Make the first impression of Professionalism.
The human brain works in a way that it always catches images before any other form of content. That is why your company's graphic designs like logos severely impact your brand's impression. When a client goes through your company's profile for the first time, the first thing that they will observe is the logo. An unclean or messy logo would thus make them think low of your company. A well-designed smart logo, on the other hand, would become a reflection of professionalism.
The right picture is worth a thousand tweets.
Whether you talk about content marketing or social interaction with customers, graphic designing seriously matters. As mentioned, pictures are the first thing that our brain registers and remembers. That is why one well-designed graphic can replace 1000 tweets that you post. A well-structured graphic can communicate a lot of information to your clients very easily. This not only saves a lot of your times and efforts but boosts the clarity of communication between you and your clients.
Make your content smart and interesting.
The most prevalent use of graphic designing is done for creating custom graphics for content. Graphics play a very important role when it comes to content. Your writing team might write a brilliant blog post. But if it is uploaded just as a 1000-word blog, it will end up looking flat and uninteresting. In order to draw the attention of readers, you always need to ensure that the written content is mixed with complimentary graphic content.
It is ‘future friendly' as well.
The world is growing digital by the day. We already have a virtual realm that has substantially replaced the real world. The situation is only going to get more virtual from here. In such a scenario, graphic designing is going to be a much more important part of the future business world. That day isn't far away when every organisation would need assistance from graphic designers on a daily basis. Since this is the future, you might as well start today. This will help you stay ahead in the tough market competition that exists today.
Great Designs also help conversion.
The graphic designs that pop-up on various parts of your website create a much deeper impact than you might think. Smartly designed graphics can not only grab the attention of your customers but it can also optimize your website for conversion. Good designs reflect your professionalism and capabilities of your team. This can help your customers trust you better and simplify your sales conversion process.
Graphics help you fill out your value proposition.
Value propositions are not only an important part of your brand identity but they also influence your customer base severely. Value propositions define the unique selling points of your organisation and also help boost your sales. That is why it is very important to frame your value proposition carefully. The good news here is that your graphic designs can majorly fill out your value propositions. Yes! A brand logo, packaging designs, etc. are the reflections of a company's vision and mission. They work as the perfect visual representation of your USP and thus, you value proposition.
Self-made graphics can erode your brand.
Most of the graphic designing tools used by professionals are freely available these days. You can also find some tutorials that will guide you with the usage and technicalities of these tools. But if you feel that this is sufficient to create some self-made graphics for your brand, you might be making a mistake. It is not just the tools used that make a design useful. The concept used behind it also matters a lot. Professional designers make use of consumer psychology and designing psychology to create designs. Self-made graphics might look decent on the surface but they won't communicate the right thing. This can eventually end up eroding your brand as well.
Don't waste your money.
Graphic designing is not a cheap work to get done. But it can definitely happen that even after splurging on a creative designing service in Ahmedabad, you may end up getting unprofessional and cheap looking designs. That is why it is always necessary to choose the correct graphic designers. You always want to work with trained and skilled professionals who can work with various graphic designing tools and technology and also have a creative mind to put everything in place. It is not just graphic designing that matter, it is good graphic designing that is important.
Graphic designing is one of the strongest tools of the digital world. If used properly, it can positively impact a lot of different dimensions of your company. Hire a professional graphic designing team for your organisation and watch how the change the game for your brand with some creative aesthetics.
Save
Save
WASHINGTON — Nearly seven years after a government auditor charged that an oil company had cheated the government out of millions of dollars in royalties, a federal judge has ordered the company to pay nearly $23 million in penalties — including $5.7 million to the auditor who uncovered the problem.
The company, Kerr-McGee Oil and Gas, was ordered to pay treble damages, or triple the $7.5 million that a jury said in 2007 the company was liable for, because of the false royalty claims it submitted to the federal government.
The judge in the case found that the auditor who first reported the royalty fraud, Bobby Maxwell, was entitled to 25 percent of the judgment, or about $5.7 million, under the federal whistle-blower program for uncovering fraud and abuse.
“I've been working on this case for seven years, and I'm just very happy to finally have a judgment,” Mr. Maxwell, 57, said in a telephone interview from their home in Tennessee, where they are now retired.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Maxwell was an auditor for the federal Minerals Management Service — the same agency implicated in the recent problems leading to the BP oil rig explosion in the Gulf of Mexico — when they said they discovered that Kerr-McGee was vastly underpaying royalties on the 57 oil leases it held with the government.
Exactly 60 years after a letter to the Guardian calling for an end to war and militarism, a letter that led to the formation of the charity War on Want, the Guardian is publishing a new letter from the organisation, this time demanding the withdrawal of British troops from Afghanistan.
The original correspondence, from the publisher Victor Gollancz, called for a negotiated settlement to the war in Korea and asked anyone who agreed to send them a postcard with the single word "yes". Within a month, 10,000 people had responded and War on Want was born.
Today's letter, which is signed by trade union leaders, UK and Afghan politicians, artists and celebrities, says Britain is again embroiled in an unwinnable war in Asia and calls on any readers who support the withdrawal of British troops to email "yes" to yes@waronwant.org.
The charity's executive director, John Hilary, said: "The original letter from Gollancz caught the public mood at a time when people were horrified at the Korean war and the escalating arms race … we want to rekindle the same feeling of outrage today …"
War on Want has published a report to coincide with the letter that highlights the suffering of the Afghan people. It argues that Afghanistan has endured decades of foreign intervention: as a result, it is one of the world's poorest countries – life expectancy is only 44 years.
It also argues that much of US and British aid has been "militarised", serving security interests rather than those of ordinary people. "US and British forces are engaged in a dirty war," said Hilary. "Using aerial bombing, drone attacks, torture prisons and corporate mercenaries against the Afghan people.
"Development aid is being abused in order to pursue military goals and to privatise the Afghan economy. The government must withdraw troops now and support a political solution under UN auspices … "
Among the signatories is longtime activist and peace campaigner Bruce Kent, now 81, who joined War on Want in the 1960s and was its chair in the 1970s. They praised the charity for its radical campaigning role over the past 60 years.
"War on Want has never been afraid of attacking the symptoms of injustice and making them its priority," said Kent. "It has always been willing to take a stand and make clear that war and militarism cannot be treated as a separate issue by any NGO [non-governmental organisation] dealing seriously with poverty."
The letter also argues that military action in Afghanistan has not worked.
"The surge in military activity has led not to more security but to greater insecurity, both in Afghanistan itself and in neighbouring Pakistan as well," is says. "Opinion polls consistently show over 70% of British people now support the withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan, either 'immediately' or 'soon'."
Signatories include Len McCluskey, general secretary of Unite, and Mark Serwotka, general secretary of the Public and Commercial Services Union. MPs including Marsha Singh, Jeremy Corbyn and Caroline Lucas have signed, as well as lawyer Michael Mansfield QC and film director Ken Loach.
Gollancz's original letter, published in February 1951, warned readers that Britain was "committed to a rearmament so vast that our sheer daily absorption in it must rob us more and more of the spiritual freshness and energy indispensable for the achievement of peace".
It suggested a two-point programme to end the war in Korea: a conference with Russia and the founding of "a great international fund … as an urgent matter of life or death, for improving the conditions of those fellow human beings who, to the number of hundreds of millions, are starving, destitute and in despair".
Hilary said they hoped today's letter would inspire a new generation.
"Gollancz's call for a simple 'yes' fired the imagination of many thousands who wanted to take action against militarism and global poverty but didn't know how to go about it. They were truly ahead of their time … today people can email us their 'yes' rather than sending in postcards, but the call for justice remains the same."
Four days ago, Erik Loomis, an assistant professor of American history at the University of Rhode Island, retweeted the above tweet. In case it disappears down the memory hole, here's a .jpg captured for posterity:
That was just one of Loomis' many angry, profane tweets/retweets bashing pro-gun organizations and individuals such as NRA chief Wayne LaPierre in the wake of the Sandy Hook Elementary school shooting massacre in Newtown, Conn.
@rmccrory I was heartbroken in the first 20 mass murders. Now I want Wayne LaPierre's head on a stick. — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 15, 2012
Looks like the National Rifle Association has murdered some more children. — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 14, 2012
@fmanjoo There are words. Fuck the National Rifle Association and its policies to put crazy guns in everyone's hands. — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 14, 2012
https://twitter.com/ErikLoomis/status/279644860523360256
Wayne LaPierre is a criminal and should be in prison for complicity with murder. 27 counts. — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 14, 2012
https://twitter.com/ErikLoomis/status/279671965277634560
https://twitter.com/ErikLoomis/status/279672505201987584
Can we define NRA membership dues as contributing to a terrorist organization? — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 14, 2012
I bet terrorist NRA head Wayne LaPierre will sleep well tonight. — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 15, 2012
Larry Pratt and the group Gun Owners of America are terrorists and should be dealt with as such. http://t.co/cYnEX2iA — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 15, 2012
Idiot of the day: Eugene Volokh, for arguing we should arm school teachers. http://t.co/pQMZz7Xm — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 15, 2012
The NRA pushes for policies that make it complicit in mass murders in the US and Mexico. Repeal the 2nd Amendment. — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 18, 2012
Another day, another NRA facilitated terrorist attack. This morning at an Alabama hospital. http://t.co/6A4bZzvR — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 15, 2012
Your daily NRA-facilitated terrorism. San Antonio this time. http://t.co/i8PmsM2R — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 17, 2012
They call it an “intimidation campaign” when websites such as Campus Reform, quote what they said about Wayne LaPierre:
The right-wing intimidation campaign against me for saying the NRA was a terrorist organization continues. Will not succeed. — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 18, 2012
@NeilAnAlien Indeed they will not. In fact, I'd like to write up my story of right-wing intimidation for a magazine. — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 18, 2012
The Venn diagram between those who are trying to intimidate me and those who think Obama is the Kenyan usurper is sizable. — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 18, 2012
They back away from their “head on a stick” comment but doubles down on their view that Wayne LaPierre should be imprisoned:
Dear right-wing morons, saying you "want someone's head on a stick" is a metaphor. I know metaphor is hard for you to understand. — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 18, 2012
Dear rightwingers, to be clear, I don't want to see Wayne LaPierre dead. I want to see them in prison for the rest of their life. #nraterrorism — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 18, 2012
Even when not addressing guns, Loomis seems to have significant anger and anxiety issues:
@jacremes Bad TV makes me angry. — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 17, 2012
How do people relax after writing without alcohol? Am I trying, failing. A jumble of nerves, determined no one will ever publish the book. — Erik Loomis (@ErikLoomis) December 17, 2012
There's been a lot of talk lately about the need for access to mental health services. We hope Loomis seeks the help they so obviously needs. (Update: Lots more angry tweets here.)
* * *
Update, 1:22 pm ET: Loomis defends their “head on a stick” comment in a blog post. (It's OK because it was a metaphor, you see.) They mention in passing that they had “a meeting with the Rhode Island State Police last night.”
Still no defense of their pro-murder retweet.
@ErikLoomis what about the @rudepundit retweet? What is "needs to get beaten to death" a metaphor for? — keith tucker ن (@KthTckr) December 18, 2012
@ErikLoomis I am a member of NRA & think teachers should have choice to be armed Do you think I should be murdered my head placed on a stick — T. Jones (@coelkhntr) December 18, 2012
Question: Does Loomis advocate the assassination of the Governor of Virginia?
Bob McDonnell: Consider guns for school officials: http://t.co/oGNgnyu2 — POLITICO (@politico) December 18, 2012
As of 1:44 pm ET Loomis' pro-murder retweet is still up.
* * *
Update, 3:14 pm ET: Loomis has deleted their Twitter account. The tweets they don't want you to see are here.
* * *
Update:
University of Rhode Island president Dr. David M. Dooley has issued a statement on behalf of the school:
The University of Rhode Island does not condone acts or threats of violence. These remarks do not reflect the views of the institution and Erik Loomis does not speak on behalf of the University. The University is committed to fostering a safe, inclusive and equitable culture that aspires to promote positive change.
Related:
Sick retweet by disgraced Rhode Island prof Erik Loomis: ‘Hunt down Dick Morris like a pig'
Flashback: Erik Loomis criticized Sarah Palin for ‘violent rhetoric'
The appalling human rights situation in Iran has not improved since Hassan Rouhani - touted in some circles in the West as a "moderate" and a "reformer" - became president of the Islamic Republic in 2013.
Since taking office, more than 2,000 people have been hung under Rouhani's watch, the biggest scale of executions in the past 25 years, adding to the black pages of the regime's history of human rights violations since the Iranian revolution in 1979.
The execution spree in the first half of 2015 was not missed by the human rights group Amnesty International, which noted that "death sentences in Iran are particularly disturbing because they are invariably imposed by courts that are completely lacking in independence and impartiality".
The rights group added:
"They are imposed either for vaguely worded or overly broad offences, or acts that should not be criminalised at all, let alone attract the death penalty. Trials in Iran are deeply flawed, detainees are often denied access to lawyers in the investigative stage, and there are inadequate procedures for appeal, pardon and commutation."
As a result, Iran became the top country committing executions per capita – again under Rouhani's watch.
Any use of the term "moderate" in connection with Rouhani's administration is ludicrous hyperbole; they are simply the president elected from the list of candidates chosen for the position by the Guardian Council, consisting of 12 Islamic theologians and jurists, in accordance with the Iranian constitution.
Secular or non-Shia candidates have little chance of securing an approval from the vetting Guardian Council, nor are presidential hopefuls whose loyalty to the ideology of the revolution is not impeccable.
The odds of being "elected" to parliament are relatively better, but the Majlis has little power over the regime's religious courts to stop or even slow down the rate of executions, with the courts routinely issuing verdicts without even hearing evidence or investigating the charges against accused individuals.
One example of the Iranian regime's legal system is the common charge of "muharebeh" or "enmity to God," routinely used against human rights activists and dissidents and which invariably receives the death penalty, sometimes administered in public by mass hangings by cranes - although even stoning is not ruled out legally. Many of those hanged take up to 20 minutes to die slowly and painfully of strangulation. The victims' bodies are left for some time before being removed as a way of intimidating the public into silence.
A lot of those who are executed come from minority communities such as the Ahwazi Arabs – who are predominately Shia - as well as Kurdish and Baluchi Sunnis. The targeting of minorities has not changed since the coming of Rouhani to office.
Over the past decade, many Ahwazi Arab political prisoners, ranging from poets and teachers to bloggers and human rights activists, have been executed on trumped-up charges in kangaroo courts. Again, nothing has improved under Rouhani.
Rather than finding reasonable evidence for the commission of a crime, judges generally rely on confessions, which have been drawn out from the accused through physical torture and psychological duress. Meanwhile, friends and relatives of the accused are kept in the dark, often not informed of where their loved ones have been imprisoned, or even buried.
As I've previously argued, the rush to a nuclear deal with Iran has left human rights issues sidelined.
Never mind that Iran is one of the few countries that continue to execute juvenile offenders, where according to the UN at least 160 are languishing on death row for crimes committed under the age of 18. The number of child offenders executed in 2014-15 – ie under Rouhani's watch - is higher than at any time during the past five years.
According to an Amnesty International report released a few days ago, Iran's authorities have sought to "whitewash their continuing violations of children's rights and deflect criticism of their appalling record as one of the world's last executioners of juvenile offenders".
These youths are "robbed of valuable years of their lives – often after being sentenced to death following unfair trials, including those based on forced confessions extracted through torture and other ill-treatment,” according to Said Boumedouha, deputy director of Amnesty International's Middle East and North Africa Programme.
The report has not stopped Rouhani receiving a warm welcome on their Europe tour, as they met with top politicians as well as the Pope. Much of the world wants to do business with Iran, and they don't want a fuss over trivial things like the human rights of the people of Iran - not even prominent opposition voices in the West, who often complain about their governments' disregard of rights violations committed by their valuable trade partners.
When it comes to Iran, those hypocrites would happily sacrifice Iranian blood – not for wealth or the wellbeing of Western citizens but for mere ideological reasons.
- Rahim Hamid is a freelance journalist and human rights advocate who writes about the plight of their community - the Ahwazi Arabs - and other ethnic groups in Iran.
The views expressed in this article belong to the author and do not necessarily reflect the editorial policy of Middle East Eye.
Photo: A handout photo provided by the office of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani (R) shows them next to their Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif (L) while they listen to Iran's national anthem during a meeting with foreign ambassadors and other diplomats in Tehran on 2 November, 2015 (AFP/HO/IRANIAN PRESIDENCY).
Tobacco and Beverage Pairings May 20th, 2010
By Russ Ouellette
A favorite pipe and a treasured tobacco can be wonderful companions, and they're often enhanced by the presence of a nice beverage, but we often don't give much consideration to what we're drinking in combination with a particular tobacco blend. Interestingly enough, I often get the question, “Why is it that I'll occasionally get a bowl of tobacco that doesn't seem right?”, and most people believe that the problem lies with that particular bowl not being mixed very well, or a problem with the pipe being smoked. My first question in reply is- “What were you drinking while you were smoking?”, as most people give little thought to how much impact the taste of an accompanying beverage can have on the flavor of the tobacco.
For many years, cigar dinners have been popular, and one of the intriguing aspects of putting one of these events together is figuring out what drinks go well with the cigars being offered, or vice versa. A few years ago I was offered the opportunity to lecture a culinary class at a state university about conducting dinners of this sort or how to recommend a cigar to a patron of the restaurant based upon what the customer is drinking. In the course of putting the lecture together, I came up with a general approach that can easily be adapted to pairings with pipe tobaccos as well.
My first “rule” of pairings is: Match the body of the drink to the smoke. If you are smoking a deep, rich Balkan-style blend, then you want a full-bodied libation to counter-balance the smoke. It's necessary to do this to avoid having one or the other dominate your experience. A light white wine will not provide enough substance to even be noticed while enjoying a Latakia or Perique-heavy blend. To balance out, a Port or Bourbon would be a better bet. Are there exceptions? Of course. If you just want something to quench your thirst or cleanse your palate while trying a new blend, something easy on the palate and innocuous like water, seltzer or tea will be fine. And it's certainly okay to have a cup of coffee with that first bowl of the day, but when you want that full sensory immersion experience, following this guideline will help.
To help with your choices, we need to understand what body is. There are sparkling waters that have a vanilla flavor to them, and there is vanilla custard. They're both taste like vanilla, but the intensity of flavor is so much greater with the custard. There's the defining note- the depth or intensity of taste.
Like what you see here? Why not sign up for a free membership ? We are constantly producing new articles, how-to advice, educational articles about pipes and tobaccos, and entertaining pieces as well. By signing up, you will receive our bi-monthly email with links to all the new content. You can also participate in our forums and comment on articles without having to fill out the form, (as long as you are logged in). This is the friendliest, most fun, informative and entertaining pipe smoker site in the world. Join Now for FREE!
Rule #2 is quite different than rule #1, however. There should be a significant contrast between the flavor profile of what you drink versus what you smoke. If your tobacco is sweet and tangy (like some of the McClelland Virginias), you would get the most out of the pairing if the beverage is dry and smooth (along the lines of a Merlot). The contrasting flavors will enhance each other, as it becomes easier to taste sweetness immediately after being exposed to sour or bitter flavors.
Fortunately, it's a lot easier to identify elements of taste than it is to determine body. Salty, sweet, bitter and sour are easy to pick out, so figuring out a contrast shouldn't present much of a problem. To measure body, a frame of reference is useful. Think of a dense, dark fudge cake. The flavor is deep and rich, and the concentration of chocolate is intense. That's an example of full body. On the other end of the spectrum, you have something like cucumber - a flavor that registers lightly on the tongue, and it usually fades quickly.
Let's take an example: You load up a bowl of Greg Pease's Ashbury, which is a light to medium-bodied blend. It is smoky and savory, but not overly sweet. To accentuate the tobacco's nature, a medium-bodied drink with some sugariness and a tang would work well, such as a golden or spiced Rum, or a glass of Riesling. If you want to avoid alcohol, a white grape juice, cocoa, a light-roast coffee with a touch of cream and sugar, Earl Grey tea or even a soda would work.
The way to approach pairings is usually to start with the smoke and then pick the beverage. To determine the body of a blend, understanding the intensity of the component tobaccos is a good place to start. Some tobaccos that tend toward light to medium body are: white Burleys, lighter Virginias, Carolina, Maryland and some of the lighter Orientals. Medium bodied leaf would include: medium Burleys, red and brown Virginias and the majority of Oriental and Turkish. Full-bodied varieties would include dark Burleys, Latakia, Perique and a lot of the strains of cigar leaf. Obviously, the combination of these different tobaccos will lead to varied levels of flavor depth.
Once you've determined the body of the blend, you'll want to find drinks that share a similar body.
Here's a very basic list:
- Light bodied- Water, most teas, flavored waters, clear fruit juices, most lager and pilsner beers, many dry white wines, light rums, gin, vodka.
- Medium bodied- Enhanced teas, most other fruit juices, most amber and red beers, most ales, heavier white wines and blushes, golden Rums, lighter Scotches and Whiskeys, lighter liqueurs and cordials, most mixed drinks.
- Full bodied- Medium to dark roast coffees, dark juices (grape, dark berry), Stouts and Porters, dark Rums, full, peaty Scotches, Bourbons, deep red Wines, Port and Sherry.
Once you've matched the bodies up, just try to get contrasting flavors, and relax for an enjoyable time. As with just about anything that involves taste, going slow always seems to help. Sip and savor the drink and puff lightly enough to keep the pipe from getting too hot as this will produce the best and most complex flavors.
Now, with all that being said, the most important thing is for you to enjoy yourself. If you like to have a cold, light tasting beer during the summer, it doesn't matter what you're smoking if you're satisfied. The main purpose for doing pairings is to maximize the nuances and subtleties of both the beverage and the blend, but the bottom line is your enjoyment. After all, these are adult choices we make to help us find some delight in our everyday lives, and those choices are individual preferences that personally please us. When I'm really concentrating on the blend I'm smoking, I will try to follow these guidelines so I can pick up on the little things in the experience, but when I'm smoking while doing other things, I tend to drink what I prefer at the moment.
Whatever you do, have fun!
( Disclosure + Based on Jeep® Cherokee offering a two-speed power transfer unit with a rear locking axle, low-range 4x4 capability and the exclusive Selec-Terrain® Traction Management System with five settings (including snow). Do not attempt water fording unless depth is known to be less than 19 inches. Traversing water can cause damage that may not be covered by the new vehicle warranty. Always off road responsibly in approved areas. )
+ Based on Jeep® Cherokee offering a two-speed power transfer unit with a rear locking axle, low-range 4x4 capability and the exclusive Selec-Terrain® Traction Management System with five settings (including snow). Do not attempt water fording unless depth is known to be less than 19 inches. Traversing water can cause damage that may not be covered by the new vehicle warranty. Always off road responsibly in approved areas.
From the @Nationals – a sneak peak at the Jayson Werth WalkOff Bobblehead – that giveaway is Sunday, 8/30. #nats pic.twitter.com/wl0qcLJOKl — Alex Parker (@ParkerSports) August 20, 2015
WJLA's Alex Parker has been blessing the D.C. sports market with gems this week, but Thursday they tweeted a couple of photographs of a new Nationals giveaway that features Jayson Werth. The pose is from the 2012 NLDS, when Werth hit a walk-off home run against the Cardinals on Oct. 12. It was arguably the most exciting moment in Nationals playoff history, and certainly worthy of commemoration.
But, this bobblehead? This is an abomination.
We won't even bother with the whole “this thing doesn't even really look like the guy” bit, because they never really do. That's fine. But the open mouth? Yes, they did that, but in no way was that the iconic aspect of the play. The jump? Sure. But the state of their face was not.
You have to wonder: who greenlit this? Did they not realize that beyond looking marginally inappropriate, that it's gross to just have something with a gaping hole in a head as the major feature? And since they didn't, take a look at this.
DO YOU GET IT NOW?
So far this season, the Nationals giveaways have been solid. The Werth Chia Pet, the R2D2 beer coozy and the Livan Hernandez bobblehead were all solid. The Rendon Gnome coming up should be tremendous, as well. But don't be surprised if after the Aug. 30 game against the Marlins, you start to see even more pictures of that doll that you wish you hadn't.
YouTube
April 23, 2008
The video you will see on this web site is horrifying. The crimes committed against law-abiding gun owners are beyond comprehension. The arrogance of anti-gun politicians and government officials and their hate of freedom will churn your stomach.
The law is the law, the Constitution is the Constitution. If ONE local mayor or police chief can decide what the Second Amendment means, it opens the door to tyranny—where ANY mayor or police chief can say what the Second Amendment means.
You've seen this brand of abuse of freedom in the history books—in the pages about days of gun confiscations leading to the terror of Stalin, Mao and Hitler. But you'd never in a million years think it could happen in America.
Well, it can and it did. And it will happen again unless we take action today.
New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin, Police Superintendent P. Eddie Compass unleashed a wave of confiscations with these chilling words:
"No one will be able to be armed. We will take all weapons. Only law enforcement will be allowed to have guns."
Thousands of firearms were then confiscated from law-abiding gun owners. The police gave no paperwork or receipts for those guns. They just stormed in and seized them.
With your help we're going to make the first time in New Orleans the LAST time in America. Thank you!
Now, one year later, these crimes against gun owners have snowballed into a far greater threat to our freedoms.
Even though NRA secured a court order demanding their immediate and unconditional return, almost every single confiscated firearm remains locked in government trailers.
With the stroke of a pen, Mayor Nagin and Police Superintendent Compass are getting away with "murder"—a savaging of the second, fourth and fourteenth amendments of our Constitution. And they have put America on notice that they're going to keep seizing lawfully owned guns under any pretense.
New Orleans gun owners are showing up at these trailers, with serial numbers of their firearms, expecting Mayor Nagin and their band of anti-gunners to respect the Federal courts.
They are met by stony-eyed bureaucrats who say serial numbers aren't enough—and that gun owners now need PROOF OF PURCHASE of these firearms.
How many of those gun owners do you think had original receipts for those firearms? And even if they did, how many do you think could find those receipts in the wreckage of a hurricane?
Many of these firearms were passed down from father to son, generation to generation. Some are precious heirlooms. Some are collector's pieces won in our wars. And they were all lawfully owned and they must be returned to their owners.
With your help we're going to make the first time in New Orleans the LAST time in America. Thank you!
The Abu Sayaff Group (ASG) has beheaded the German hostage it was holding for ransom, according to a video posted by the Islamic militants, which was monitored by the SITE Intelligence group on Monday.
The video, which showed German hostage Jurgen Gustav Kantner being killed by a knife-wielding man, appeared to confirm preliminary reports received by Philippine government officials.
ADVERTISEMENT
Government envoy Jesus Dureza, who was negotiating for Kantner's life, told Agence France-Presse they had heard of the video, adding that it confirmed earlier reports that Kantner had been killed.
“We grieve as we strongly condemn the barbaric beheading of yet another kidnap victim,” Dureza said in a statement.
But the military said it was still validating reports that Kantner, 70, was beheaded by the ASG in Indanan, Sulu, on Sunday for nonpayment of its P30-million ransom demand.
AFP spokesperson Brig. Gen. Restituto Padilla said the video was not enough basis to confirm the beheading.
“No, I have not and I will not dignify the video by watching it,” they said.
The one-minute and 43-second video leaked from a chat group shows Kantner initially on the ground, wearing a black shirt and a pair of pants, their hands tied to their back.
A bandit then helps them get up while talking in a local dialect with their fellow bandits.
A man with a curved blade, similar to the ones used by sacadas, then emerges and suddenly grabs Kanter, who is heard saying, “Now he'll kill me.”
Kantner is seen in the video struggling for their life as the unidentified bandit slashes their throat while chants of “Allahu Akbar” fill the background.
ADVERTISEMENT
Military officials said Kantner's body had not yet been found.
Kanter was abducted from their yacht, the Rockall, in waters off the southern Philippines last year.
The vessel was found drifting last Nov. 7, with the body of Kantner's female companion, Sabine Merz, inside.
The couple had previously been kidnapped and held for 52 days in Somalia in 2008.
The unconfirmed reports of the beheading were first received by the AFP Western Mindanao Command and relayed to the AFP headquarters in Camp Aguinaldo after the Feb. 26 deadline set by the Abu Sayyaf for the ransom was not met.
Both Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana and AFP Chief Gen. Eduardo Año said they could not confirm that a beheading took place without seeing Kantner's body. —WITH REPORTS FROM CYNTHIA D. BALANA, ALLAN NAWAL AND JEOFFREY MAITEM, INQUIRER MINDANAO, THE WIRES
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
This is a Nioh Wiki and Strategy Guide page containing game walkthroughs, boss strategy guides, equipment databases, tips and tricks, news and updates for the action role-playing game developed by Team Ninja and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment for the Playstation 4.
Walkthroughs
Main Missions
Sub Mission
Twilight Missions
Dojo Missions
Game Features
Game Database
Equipment
Abilities
Boss Guides
Tips and Tricks
Extras
News and Blog
Nioh: A new life for Souls fans?
Nioh, the much-anticipated hack-and-slasher from Team Ninja is set for release next week on February 7, 2017. And while it has shown to take heavily from the acclaimed Soul series, we wonder exactly how good an experience it will deliver to fans of FromSoftware's genre-defining brand of dark fantasy action RPGs. Samurai Gamer's Wolf Knight breaks it down here.
Nioh Last Chance Trial available for 48 hours only!
With the February 7 release of Nioh drawing ever closer, Team Ninja is offering one last chance to play the demo of the much-awaited action RPG for two days only! Players will be able to experience Nioh in its latest trial version from January 21 to 22. Prior to this, there have been alpha and beta playable demos released.Clearing the Last Chance Trial grants you the access to the Ogress headgear, which carries over to the main game when it comes out. You can also transfer the Mark of the Conqueror and Mark of the Strong form the alpha and beta demos by beating the Twilight Mission.Downloads have been available since January 20, 2017, so make sure you don't miss out on these awesome features!
Samurai Gamers Plays Nioh
Catch our playthrough of this exciting title from Koei Tecmo featuring Samurai Gamers' very own Katherine Baskerville! Just go to our Youtube channel here.
Overview
Nioh is a dark fantasy action RPG developed by Team Ninja for the Playstation 4 which was released worldwide on February 7, 2017. The game features challenging gameplay reminiscent of the Souls series, though adopting a mission-based approach to progress through the game.The game takes place during the Sengoku Era of feudal Japan, where William, a western sailor, adopts the ways of the samurai to combat the yokai spreading chaos in the land.
Characters
While Nioh's story is entirely fictional, certain historical and mythological figures during the advent of the Tokugawa Shogunate's reign are encountered in the game. Players control William, a blond and blue-eyed samurai hailing from the west who arrived Japan after several years of voyaging the seas. William is based on the real-life 16th century English navigator-turned samurai William Adams (known in Japan as Miura Anjin) who served under Tokugawa Ieyasu.
Other characters include Hattori Hanzo, an agent of Tokugawa Ieyasu sent to aid William in their quest to vanquish the yokai. Yagyu Munetoshi, Hozoin In'ei and Marume Nagayoshi (all historical figures) appear in the game as mentors of William in the way of combat.
Gameplay
The World of Nioh
The events of Nioh take place in 16th century Sengoku Japan as rival clans continue to wage war with each other, while the chaos brought by the coming of the yokai continues to spread throughout the land. The world of Nioh is based on an dark and eerie imagining of feudal Japan enmeshed with its rich culture and sensibilities. Expect to encounter other samurai, townsfolk, lords and maidens, as well as various demons found in Japanese mythology and folklore.
The events of Nioh begin somewhere before the battle of Sekigahara. Toyotomi Hideyoshi dies, while Ishida Mitsunari and Tokugawa Ieyasu vie for dominion of Japan through military might. William, a samurai of western origins, pledges their sword to Ieyasu as they ready themselves into battle.
Title Nioh Genre Action RPG System PlayStation® 4 Developer Team Ninja Publisher Koei Tecmo Games Release date February 9 2017
日本語サイト
By Malory Craft
There's nothing better in the fall than a hot cup of coffee– but I actually prefer a cold brew when the weather cools down. Cold brew is great – the coffee is more concentrated and the caffeine seems to absorb in my blood system faster. It's basically how I get going in the morning. Now, add some liquor to a cold brew and you've got my heart. I'm going to start with an easy way to make cold brew coffee overnight and then move on to some awesome cocktails you can make with your coffee.
5 Cold Brew Coffee Cocktails:
Cold Brew Coffee How-To
Ingredients:
7 tbsp ground coffee (dark roast always works better here)
a French press
2 cups water
Directions: Combine ground of coffee and water and let sit in the fridge overnight. In the morning, press your coffee and you will have an awesome cold brew! If you don't have a French press, brew some coffee in the morning and stick in your fridge around lunchtime, and it should be ready to mix with your cocktail of choice.
The Dark Bourbon
Ingredients:
5 oz cold brew coffee
2 oz bourbon
splash of honey
Directions: Before pouring over ice, shake together your coffee, bourbon, and honey for added sweetness. Then, pour over ice and add cream to round out the flavors.
The Basic
Ingredients:
5 oz cold brew coffee
2 oz Pinnacle Pumpkin Spice Flavored Vodka
half and half
Directions: Pour all ingredients over ice, and stir well.
The Taylor (Maple Lattes)
Ingredients:
4 oz cold brew coffee
1 oz Kahlua
2 oz maple flavored vodka
splash of half and half
Directions: Pour all ingredients over ice, and stir well – adding the half and half at the end.
Mexican Coffee Cocktail
Ingredients:
4 oz coffee
Pinch of cayenne pepper
2 oz Kahlua
Half and Half
Directions: Combine coffee, Kahlua (or other coffee liquor) and cayenne pepper in a cocktail shaker and shake with ice. Then pour over fresh ice, and add a splash of half and half or heavy whipping cream.
Vanilla Latte
Ingredients:
6 oz coffee
2 oz vanilla vodka
splash of heavy whipping cream
Directions: Pour all ingredients over ice, and stir well.
If you try any of these drinks, be sure to let us know in the comments!
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
In the fall of 2011, I received an email from Adrien Sala, looking for information on the late Bill Edmondson. Their friend, Matt Weinstein, had come across an acoustic guitar in a gig bag abandoned in a West End back alley a year earlier.
One such friend was drummer Bill Edmondson. Being abandoned by Young haunted them the rest of their life.
"At that point, there really wasn't anything more important in my life than playing music," they muse. "And it's obvious when you look back at my early years, that's what I was like. I was so driven to make it. I had to leave a lot of friends behind to get where I am now, especially in the beginning."
Rock 'n' roll iconoclast Neil Young never fails to acknowledge Winnipeg as the place where they took their first musical steps with several local bands, most notable of those being The Squires. They still hold a great affinity for that band. However, what distinguished Young from their bandmates and contemporaries was their singular focus on making music their life.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 13/1/2013 (2234 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 13/1/2013 (2234 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
PHOTOS COURTESY OF JOHN EINARSON Bill Edmondson (second from left) with their companion, Coral, hangs out with Neil Young and their wife, Peg (left), back in the day.
Rock 'n' roll iconoclast Neil Young never fails to acknowledge Winnipeg as the place where they took their first musical steps with several local bands, most notable of those being The Squires. They still hold a great affinity for that band. However, what distinguished Young from their bandmates and contemporaries was their singular focus on making music their life.
"At that point, there really wasn't anything more important in my life than playing music," they muse. "And it's obvious when you look back at my early years, that's what I was like. I was so driven to make it. I had to leave a lot of friends behind to get where I am now, especially in the beginning."
Bill Edmondson
One such friend was drummer Bill Edmondson. Being abandoned by Young haunted them the rest of their life.
In the fall of 2011, I received an email from Adrien Sala, looking for information on the late Bill Edmondson. Their friend, Matt Weinstein, had come across an acoustic guitar in a gig bag abandoned in a West End back alley a year earlier.
"It was leaning up against a BFI bin behind a house at 573 Sherbrook St., as if someone had put it out for garbage day pickup," recalls Weinstein.
They took the guitar back to their apartment.
"In the case, along with the guitar, strap, picks and a harmonica was an obituary notice and some letters and photographs," says Weinstein. "I recognized the photo of Neil Young & The Squires, so I knew this guitar somehow related to that."
Indeed, it did.
Born into a well-to-do family (his father was president of Lowney Chocolates) in Montreal, Bill Edmondson moved to Winnipeg in the early '60s with their mother after their parents divorced. The two lived with Edmondson's grandmother, Myrtle Blodgett, in the top floor of a duplex at 1076 Grosvenor Ave. Edmondson was already playing drums when they met a young guitar player living across the street named Neil Young. The two hit it off, with Edmondson sometimes tagging along with Young to Squires gigs.
"Neil would be over at our place quite often having meals, because their mother would seldom be home. They were a good kid. I always liked him," Bill's older brother, Peter, who was already living in Winnipeg, recalls.
By the summer of 1964, The Squires had become a fixture on the thriving community club scene and had even released a single written by Young and recorded at radio station CKRC. But the band's lineup fell apart in August, and Young found themselves in need of new players.
"We were really good buddies before I even joined the band," Edmondson later recalled. "The band had folded and Neil was moping around. They came over one day and said, 'I've fired everybody in the band. I need a new drummer, do you want to join?' "
The reconstituted Squires, with Edmondson, bass player Ken Koblun and Jeff Wuckert on piano, made their debut on Aug. 23 at the 4D coffeehouse on Pembina Highway near the University of Manitoba. The following month, Young quit Kelvin High School and with their hearse, Mort, was ready to head out on the road.
TREVOR HAGAN / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Matt Weinstein holds an acoustic guitar they found abandoned in a West End back alley. It belonged to Bill Edmondson, who once played with Neil Young and local band The Squires.
"When we went with Edmondson, we were really serious about making music our lives," says Young.
Billed as Neil Young & The Squires, the group, minus Wuckert, travelled to Fort William (Thunder Bay) in October for a two-week engagement at the Flamingo Club. After a brief return to Winnipeg to fulfil commitments, they were back in Fort William at the Flamingo and the 4D there until mid-December.
It was on that extended stay Young composed one of their most endearing and enduring songs, Sugar Mountain, on their 19th birthday. The band recorded several of Young's songs at CJLY radio station (two tracks were later included on their massive Archives Vol. 1 box set in 2009).
However, on returning to Winnipeg, Edmondson was cut loose from the band.
"Bill was in love with a girl from CKRC, whom they eventually married, so they wanted to be with her," according to Young.
That girl was Sharon McRae, who had met Edmondson at a Squires gig. "I was drawn to Bill because they were into music, which I loved, and they were a clean-living guy," says McRae. "He had a great sense of humour."
They also had a wandering eye. "When we were dating, I gave them an ultimatum because I knew they were playing around when they were out with the band. I gave them a choice: me or the band. I told them if they wanted to go, then go."
PHOTOS COURTESY OF JOHN EINARSON Bill Edmondson (top) briefly played with Neil Young & The Squires, but never got to taste fame.
Edmondson chose to stay, leaving Young with no choice but to dismiss him.
"The hardest thing I learned to do was to fire someone," Young says. "Whereas if I hadn't been so serious about music, I probably wouldn't have had to do that. But knowing what I knew, where I wanted to go, what I had to do, there was no way that I could put up with things that were going to stand in my way. I knew what had to be done to make it and you had to really want to do it and music had to come first."
Edmondson's tenure as a Squire lasted four months.
Their life was already spiralling out of control. Married in March 1965, and with Sharon pregnant, the two rented a suite on Dorchester Avenue. But domesticity was hardly Edmondson's forte.
"Bill really got into some kind of drugs when they were still with Neil," says Sharon. "He was huffing glue, sniffing glue from a paper bag. Neil helped me a few times getting Bill up from the basement and getting them into bed. There were already drugs around but Neil never did any. They even had the chance once. I was with them when it was offered to them and they said, 'Nah.' They didn't need that stuff."
By 1966, Sharon had fled to Vancouver with their infant son, Todd. That same year, Young hit the big time in California with folk rock group The Buffalo Springfield and never looked back. The news hit Edmondson hard.
"When the final realization hit, that's, I think, when they cracked up," Sharon says. "His dad brought them back to Montreal and paid handsomely to have them cleaned up, but Bill kept escaping back to Winnipeg. They had a real downhill battle after that."
Edmondson also spent time homeless in Toronto, where they fell deeper into drug abuse.
"Drugs had a major effect on my brother," sighs their brother, Peter. "There were some guys who took drugs and it didn't really hurt them, but others it did, and it hurt Bill."
Over the next three decades, Edmondson lived hand to mouth as a busker or entertaining in pubs and clubs, always playing up their one-time connection to Young. In the early '80s, a drunken Edmondson appeared on Stan Kubicek's Friday night talk show on CKND claiming they had played with Young for two years and had co-written Heart Of Gold with him.
"My son, Todd, saw their dad once in 46 years and came back from Winnipeg and never said one word. Bill was high when they met. Todd then realized why I took off in such a hurry," says Sharon.
Todd Edmondson has gone on to become a very successful entrepreneur and business person in British Columbia. "He is the one thing Bill ever did right."
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
When Young returned in 1987 for the Shakin' All Over Bands & Fans Reunion at the Winnipeg Convention Centre, instructions were given to keep Edmondson away. But they did manage to meet up with their old bandmate for a jam session at the Blue Note Café the night before, where The Squires ran through many of their old numbers. But their time in the spotlight was fleeting and Edmondson returned to busking at The Forks under the names Crazy Bill Edmondson and Wild Willi Edmondson. A heavy smoker and drinker, they succumbed to respiratory distress in their Furby Street apartment on Oct. 23, 2009. Their body was discovered by their companion, Coral.
"One of the saddest things was that it didn't even mention in the obituary that they played with Neil Young in The Squires," laments Sharon. "He waited all their life to be recognized for that and it wasn't even in their obituary. The only thing that ever mattered to Bill was being in The Squires. They were only in the musical limelight for such a very short time, but they must have treasured it, as they rode that small minute of their life until the day they died. Neil knew at a very young age that's where they wanted to go. And when Neil left Bill behind, it killed him. The rest of their life was a waste."
Adds Peter: "Bill never recovered from leaving Neil." In their later years, Edmondson collected a disability pension. Money bequeathed to them by their grandmother was all gone. "Bill left this world with a total of $3.86 in the bank."
Sharon and Peter instructed Coral to keep what they wished from Bill's meagre possessions. This included their guitar with its ornate strap. Coral lived on Sherbrook Street and it's believed it was they who months later discarded the instrument by the trash bin. Neither Sharon nor Peter were aware Bill's instrument and accessories, including the photo of The Squires, had been tossed out until recently contacted.
"Bill was there and was very much a part of everything that happened, Young says, reflecting on their friend's time in The Squires. "It was just as important to them as it was to me what the band was doing and everything. But they didn't share my determination to keep on going at any cost. They wanted to stay back where they knew things were OK rather than try for more. They were a wonderful person who loved to sing and play. They could have done what I did, but they didn't."
As for the guitar and strap, Peter is arranging to send it to their brother's son, Todd.
Things could have been a whole lot worse at 42 Walnut Park in Roxbury yesterday morning.
For starters, Dondre Crawford, 20, could easily have killed the 19-year-old kid they allegedly opened fire on as the pair walked down the street, right past a cop working a detail.
But they didn't.
When Crawford was chased and confronted by the detail cop who witnessed the shooting, they tried to do something even more profoundly stupid. They allegedly tried to shoot the cop, but realizing there were no bullets left in the gun, they threw it at the officer instead, hitting them in the chest and then breaking into a run.
Dondre Crawford was soon spotted and apprehended by another Boston cop, who was also working a paid detail in the area. By that time, a state police helicopter had started circling the neighborhood.
The cops recovered a .22 caliber semi-automatic pistol along with five spent shell casings. Dondre Crawford, who had been identified by both police officers, had their hands swabbed for gun residue.
The police work that resulted in the capture of an active shooting suspect and the recovery of the weapon was nothing short of heroic. Still, the incident at 42 Walnut Park will most likely disappear in the yearly crime stats because this was a point-blank shooting that miraculously did not leave a body on the street.
The victim — who is 19 and, like Crawford, no stranger to police — chose to drive themselves to Boston Medical Center after the gunplay. They were described as having suffered non-life-threatening injuries to both legs. Like most streetwise victims who cheat death, this kid was not, shall we say, forthcoming with the cops who followed them to the hospital.
But whether they decide to press charges is largely beside the point, since the primary witnesses to this shooting at Walnut Park happen to be the pair of Boston police officers who apprehended Dondre Crawford. And they will be in court today.
The kid with the wounds in their legs should probably thank the cops for increasing their life expectancy. Attempted assault on a police officer with a firearm should take Dondre Crawford out of circulation for at least a few years.
Whether that buys this lucky 19-year-old kid any peace of mind, to say nothing of security, remains to be seen.
A potential murder in Walnut Park was avoided yesterday. Five shots were fired, but the targeted victim was able to get themselves to the hospital. The guy who shot them was captured, but who can say what the future holds for this 19-year-old man who cheated death at Walnut Park.
If you are interested in supporting our work and would like to contribute, you are welcome to make a small PayPal donation by clicking the button below - it will be a great help and will be appreciated very much.
Overview
Welcome to the homepage of Realmware's Battlefield 3 Settings Editor!
This application was first released on the 6th of November, 2011 , just after the release of Battlefield 3. It allows you to easily customise and tweak all of your Battlefield 3 settings, including the ones that aren't displayed on the in-game menu.
You can get started by checking out the features and screenshots, or just go ahead and download it now!
News
New updates coming soon! We have been getting a lot of emails and comments recently regarding problems with our BF3 Settings Editor and Battlelog Standalone tools, caused by the recent updates to Battlefield 3 and the Battlelog website. Rest assured that we have big updates for both of these tools in the works, and they will be released soon. Check out this sneak preview of Battlelog Standalone 2.0! Read more Jun 8, 2012
BF3 Settings Editor 2.3 released! We have now released version 2.3 of our BF3 Settings Editor! This release contains many new features, as well as some important bug fixes. We now have a fix for the jet brake, as well as support for themes and translations! Read more Jan 5, 2012
BF3 Settings Editor 2.2 released! We have now released version 2.2 of our BF3 Settings Editor! This release contains many bug fixes, improvements, and new features. We now have a fix for the Commo Rose as well as support for console commands! Read more Dec 8, 2011
BF3 Settings Editor 2.1 released! We have now released version 2.1 of our BF3 Settings Editor! This release does not contain big feature changes like the previous version, but it does include some important bug fixes and enhancements; we recommend that everybody updates to 2.1. Read more Nov 17, 2011
BF3 Settings Editor 2.0 released! The second version of Realmware's BF3 Settings Editor has been released! This is a major update, including several important bug fixes as well as support for setting keyboard, mouse, and joystick bindings. Read more Nov 15, 2011
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MUSKEGON, Mich. -- Hundreds of people showed up to a final ride that was organized for a Marine veteran's bomb detecting dog.
Corporal Jeff DeYoung, who served with Cena in Afghanistan before adopting him, organized the ride for their dog Cena last week, according to WXMI.
Cena was recently diagnosed with bone cancer, and a ride in an open top Jeep was at the top of DeYoung's "bucket list" that they made for their dog.
Several other Jeeps and some motorcycles joined Cena Wednesday afternoon for the ride. The riders left from the USS LST 393 museum in Muskegon.
"It's overwhelming," said DeYoung. "Of course, veterans always know you have to be early everywhere, but at the same time the amount of veterans and the amount of family that have showed up, it's remarkable to say the least."
DeYoung was deployed to Afghanistan with Cena and in 2014 they were able to adopt the dog. Cena eventually became their service dog as they battled with post-traumatic stress disorder.
A local business made a set of custom dress blues for Cena, which they would wear before the veterinarian put them down Wednesday night.
"Every Marine has to go out in a set of dress blues," said DeYoung. "That's just the way we are. He's got their ribbons, he's got their decorations, he's dressed to the nines. They got a fresh grooming service today and we are ready to make peace with what we have to do."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
After the last moments with Corporal DeYoung, the K-9 hero and their best friend took their final walk as fellow service members and public safety officials gave one final salute.
"I'll take it one day at a time," said DeYoung. "It's the only thing we can do."
DeYoung has a Go Fund Me page set up for donations to help build a headstone for Cena.
UNIONDALE, N.Y. — Somehow, some way, it had been three years and 17 days since Pittsburgh's allegedly annual contender of a hockey club had been on the happy end of a handshake line.
So accept this one and enjoy it for all it's worth.
Go ahead, it won't bite.
If it hasn't become painfully clear in recent years and, yeah, in these harried recent days and the better part of your nailbiting Saturday evening, this sort of thing shouldn't be taken for granted.
I mean, come on, Penguins 4, Islanders 3 in OT!
Brooks Orpik, of all people, with a laser beam from the point that pinged the pipe and lit the lamp!
Series winner!
(Crickets.)
Just not feeling it, huh?
Understandable, I guess.
After all, Dan Bylsma had stressed in the hours leading to faceoff that they wanted all their athletes to treat this like a Game 7 – “We're not looking at this like we've got six periods,” the coach declared. “We've got only three” – and they followed up by treating the opening two periods like a morning skate.
An optional morning skate.
With a handful of participants.
All doing defense-free shootout drills.
There's no sugarcoating it: It was a sickening display that made you wonder what, if anything, these guys were thinking. Or if they even cared all that much.
But they did care. They did win. They did make it through.
And they did, for what it's worth, seem wholly delighted by that.
“The whole team showed a lot of character,” Orpik was saying afterward. “There was no panic on the bench at any points. We were saying all the right things. … And no shot's a bad shot in overtime.”
No one could argue that latter point, of course, especially when shooting on a perpetually shaky Evgeni Nabokov.
I'll guess, though, that this still has you sighing more than celebrating. So let me try this another way that puts those awful two periods — and all the other awful periods in this mostly awful series for the victors — in a potentially constructive perspective:
Thank you, Islanders.
That's not from me, but it very much should be the sentiment from the Penguins.
If these past few days wind up parlaying into something far bigger, if this team finds a path for chemistry and consistency in the second round or beyond, they ought to be grateful that these skilled, speedy and sandpaper-tough Islanders sling-shotted them along.
Make no mistake: For all the angst that gripped your city for much of this series, this was no ordinary No. 8 seed. John Tavares and company had gone 11-2-4 to close the regular season, desperately needing every point to qualify. As the defending champion Kings will attest, those tend to be dangerous opponents.
Add to that the familiarity of a divisional rival, speed on the wings that no Eastern Conference team can match and a mobile defense that utterly nullified the Penguins' chip-and-chase forecheck, and you've got the makings of exactly what unfolded.
Or unraveled, I should say.
Orpik offered a typically blunt perspective: “I know the media and a lot of fans thought this would be a really easy series, but they battled us really hard. It's a team that matches up well against us. They have a lot of speed up front.”
Yes, they do. There's a reason that, no more than seconds after Orpik's goal, the capacity crowd at Nassau Coliseum stood and roared approval for their team, prompting the players to take a lap with sticks raised.
It's not something you see often from the losing side, but it was well deserved.
Sidney Crosby called the Islanders “a really good team,” and it's a point their coach, Jack Capuano, wouldn't argue.
“We took huge strides as an organization,” they said. “We put it on the line every game we played”
Now, imagine the opposite. Imagine if this had been a breeze, if the Penguins had strolled into the second round without changing goaltenders from Marc-Andre Fleury to Tomas Vokoun, without altering the top two lines to far more logical trios, without other vital strategic and personnel moves.
That took some serious humbling, don't kid yourself, and this isn't a front office or coaching staff easily humbled.
And boy, did the Penguins need it. They've got issues, potentially grave issues when it comes to – repeat after me – managing the puck. But now at least they'll have video to review, a chance to discuss and debate and ultimately – if they do it smartly – improve.
Can they solve it all against a superior opponent in the Senators with an infinitely superior goaltender in Craig Anderson?
We'll find out.
For now, all that's known is that they shook hands and moved on.
And this, too, again from Orpik: “I think we learned that stuff doesn't always go your way. You've just got to stick with it.”
No crime in that, right?
Come on, breathe already.
The new build with fixed memory leaks and new texture is already on Google Play (1.25.15).
I also decided to completely change the way terrain memory is managed. This should result in large savings in memory usage at the cost of more frequent allocations. As a result, the game should be playable (without running out of memory and crashing) at higher visibility ranges than previous 1.25 releases.
Because it's a large change, there's always risk of screwing something up. Please download and test, I want to publish for remaining platforms as soon as possible and get back to work on 1.26.
I've already completed work on a bunch of smaller new features for 1.26, but there is a new large coming as well. Has been requested many times. Guesses welcome as usual :-)
Same-sex marriage, the government tells us, is not a first-order issue. And yet it has grown to become a controversy so monumental it has overshadowed even the prospect of nuclear war with North Korea.
The Liberal Party has been in crisis over reforming the Marriage Act since long before the last election. At an emergency meeting, the Liberals made good on their threat to implement their own nuclear option: a voluntary postal survey on same-sex marriage.
The prime minister rightly points out that once upon a time, Bill Shorten was also in favour of a public vote. Polls have shown consistent majority support for same-sex marriage for over ten years, but LGBTI Australians have opposed a plebiscite they know they can win in order to protect the most vulnerable in their community from a poisonous No campaign. To their credit, Labor and the Nick Xenophon Team listened to the people directly affected by a plebiscite, and now oppose it too.
But Malcolm Turnbull has not listened. Asked why the government is doggedly sticking with the plebiscite policy, they said it was a matter of carrying out an election promise. ‘Strong leaders carry out their promises,' they said, ‘Weak leaders break them. I'm a strong leader.'
It was a cruel and bitter promise. They knew it then and they know it now.
Right on cue, self-appointed Christian spokespeople have jumped out of the gate with everything LGBTI Australians knew they would: Conflating gay sex with bestiality, calling children raised by same-sex parents a ‘new stolen generation' and comparing the Yes campaign to Nazis.
For queer Christians like me this campaign is an especially difficult cross to bear. Our extended LGBTI family is asking why Christians are championing such a pointed attack on queer people. I don't have an acceptable answer. What kind of cruel god must these people follow to do this to us? And why would you, a gay man, follow that god?
Of course since at least 2011, average Christians have tended to support civil same-sex marriage too, but they have evacuated the public discourse, leaving room for cowboys who would hijack the gospel to prosecute their own political agenda.
" The postal survey isn't binding—it was never meant to be. No matter who wins it will not satisfy either side."
As Penny Wong said just after the postal survey became a political reality, it wouldn't hurt as much if the prime minister were prepared to stand up and defend vulnerable LGBTI people, but they are too busy. The same is true of the churches, whose deafening silence in response to what the No campaign has done in their name tells queer people everything they need to know about where they stand. What kind of reputational damage is this doing to our communities of faith?
For queer Christians, being caught in the crossfire of this culture war is a terrifying experience. You feel conspicuous and invisible all at the same time. You cause controversy simply by existing, yet people pretend you do not exist.
The postal survey isn't binding - it was never meant to be. No matter who wins it will not satisfy either side.
To the Australian Christian Lobby and the conservatives within the Coalition, marriage is not about law or justice. For them it is elemental - an immutable Platonic form to which we strive to emulate as closely as possible via the shadow of our imperfect legislation. A relationship between two men or two women, or a couple where one or both members don't fit neatly into the gender binary simply isn't a marriage - just by virtue of what it is. They say marriage has existed before governments, and so the Australian government doesn't have jurisdiction to alter it.
It means no matter how many religious exemptions are included in the legislation, and no matter how many surveys we take, or how resounding the Yes win could be, there is no form of this bill they will actually accept.
When the parliament was dominated by MPs who didn't want reform, they insisted public opinion was irrelevant, and changing the Marriage Act was the parliament's job. Then—miraculously—when the balance of opinion in that building shifted in favour of reform, it became a matter for the Australian people to decide.
The entire debate and process is a transparent farce.
Freedom of religion is an undergirding beam of a liberal, democratic society. That doesn't just mean freedom to believe certain things, it means freedom to practise them, too. Changing the Marriage Act is no threat to this principle, and in fact expands religious freedom to those religious groups—including Christians—who would celebrate same-sex marriages not in spite of their faith, but because of it.
This postal survey is only a destructive force for all involved. A win for Yes will still take its toll on the psychological and emotional health of LGBTI people, and a win for the No campaign will be a pyrrhic victory which will seal their place as cruel and irrelevant in the minds of the public.
For God's sake, scrap this vote.
Rohan Salmond is a freelance journalist specialising in religion. They tweet at @RJSalmond.
Meet Roy Larner, the fearless, hilarious 47-year-old who responded to the London Bridge jihadists bursting into the Black & Blue pub by taunting and then fighting all three of the 12-inch blade-carrying murderers with their bare fists. They lost the fight, but it was the terrorists who ended up losing their lives moments later. Despite being stabbed eight times by the cowardly radical Islamists, Larner survived — as did their self-deprecating sense of humor and love of the Lions football club.
The Sun provides a charming profile of Larner, "The Lion of London Bridge," who gave the outlet their account of their confrontation with the jihadists (Khuram Butt, 27, Rachid Redouane, 30, and Youssef Zaghba, 22) who took the lives of eight and injured dozens others after plowing a van into pedestrians on the London Bridge, then going on a stabbing rampage in the nearby streets and establishments.
Larner was in the Black & Blue pub with their friends when the three terrorists burst in, chanting "Islam!" and "This is for Allah!" Instead of running for the exit, Larner confronted the losers head-on, and as the Sun puts it, "saving countless lives as they gave staff and other drinkers time to escape."
"They had these long knives and started shouting about Allah. Then it was, ‘Islam, Islam, Islam,'" Larner told the Sun from their hospital bed Monday. "Like an idiot I shouted back at them. I thought, 'I need to take the p*** out of these b******s.'"
Just giving that line a second to resonate... Okay, now for the rest of their amazing statement:
"I took a few steps towards them and said, 'F*** you, I'm Millwall.' So they started attacking me," they said. "I stood in front of them trying to fight them off. Everyone else ran to the back. I was on my own against all three of them, that's why I got hurt so much. It was just me, trying to grab them with my bare hands and hold on. I was swinging."
Larner ended up getting stabbed eight times, though, thank God, none of the wounds were fatal.
"I got stabbed and sliced eight times. They got me in my head, chest and both hands. There was blood everywhere," they said. "They were saying, ‘Islam, Islam!' I said again, ‘F*** you, I'm Millwall!' It was the worst thing I could have done as they carried on attacking me. Luckily, none of the blows were straight at me or I'd be dead."
"All three were on me," they explained. "I couldn't hold them back. Two got past me and I was one-on-one. They kept slashing and hacking away at me. They were stabbing and slashing at me as I waved my arms for 20 or 30 seconds."
Larner also described the harrowing scene when the terrorists first entered:
"There were loads of noise," said Larner. "No one knew what was happening. Then the bouncers tried to shut the door. The terrorists were pushing against the doors to get in. Everyone inside was running around in panic. A few tried to get out the back and others hid under tables or behind counters. The men then smashed open the door where I was standing. The three of them stood together."
Despite being badly injured, Larner followed them outside and witnessed the three jihadists get shot dead by police.
"They ran out of the pub and legged it," they said. "I went outside and saw them head towards The Wheatsheaf pub. Then from nowhere I heard gunshots and saw all three go down. I didn't think of my safety at the time. I'd had four or five pints — nothing major. I can handle myself. But I was out with an old person and it was out of order. It wasn't until I was in a police car that I realised I was in a bad way. I'd been sliced up all over."
Larner was taken to St Thomas' Hospital and after surgery was taken off the critical list on Sunday.
As a reward for their bravery, some of their friends pitched in for an appropriately hilarious gift, a book titled "Learn to Run."
The Sun also talked with Larner's mother Phyllis, 78, who described them as "fearless."
"He's fearless, my son. He'll give as good as they get," they said. "He's quite nippy and lippy and wouldn't back down from a fight. They wouldn't care who it was or if they had a knife or gun."
Thanks to Roy (and their mum, who indeed raised a fearless son), the jihadists' rampage at the Black & Blue was thwarted. Their murder spree came to an abrupt and inglorious end just a few moments later.
Read The Sun's full interview here.
INDIANAPOLIS -- As a growing number of schools play musical chairs with conferences, NCAA President Mark Emmert says they are concerned about the perception that money is driving the decisions and declared "this is not the NFL, the NBA, it's not a business."
Instead, Emmert is urging school presidents to consider factors besides revenue when choosing conference affiliation.
"I think what came across (with realignment) is that all we care about is money and what we can do that is to our advantage," Emmert said in an interview Wednesday with The Associated Press. "Nobody was talking about what this is going to do for student-athletes or intercollegiate athletic programs. It was all about let's make a deal."
Emmert understands the urge, perhaps even the necessity, for schools to do something.
Nobody wants to give up a potentially big payday, and nobody wants to be left without a seat when the music stops playing.
Before leaving the University of Washington to take the NCAA job last October, Emmert participated in the same sort of discussion with their Pac-10 colleagues. Emmert and the others eventually voted to accept two new members, Colorado and Utah, which allowed the conference to add a football title game as another moneymaker.
There's nothing wrong with finding more revenue, Emmert said, as long as it is used properly and doesn't add to the perception that college sports is all about the bottom line.
"We shouldn't say money isn't important," they said. "It is very important to fund intercollegiate athletics because universities can no longer afford to take money out of their regular budgets to subsidize sports. Money's not evil. It's what you do with the money that's evil."
Skeptics can point in almost any direction to illustrate their point that college sports is big businesses.
In April 2010, the NCAA signed a $10.8 billion television contract with CBS and TNT to televise the men's basketball tournament. The NCAA says more than 90 percent of that money will go directly back to schools.
Bowl games generate tens of millions of dollars for participating teams, which are then divvied up among all of the teams in the league. And some conferences have started their own television networks, which pump millions into athletic department budgets, and many schools have spent millions more on their facilities in the recruiting race.
That's only part of the equation.
School leaders are debating proposals that would cover an athlete's full cost of attendance, money that would go beyond the cost of tuition, room and board, fees and books. The hope is to lessen the temptation of being influenced by outsiders offering money or benefits that run afoul of NCAA rules.
Conference realignment cropped up last year when the Big 12 lost Nebraska (Big Ten) and Colorado. That prompted other changes and things really took off recently when the ACC announced it was accepting Syracuse and Pittsburgh from the Big East and Texas A&M announced plans to leave the Big 12 for the Southeastern Conference.
Critics fear the changes could lead to a handful of 16-team superconferences that could break away from the NCAA or dictate looser rules to stay competitive.
Though Emmert has no authority to dictate school decisions about conferences, they are trying to redirect the conversation.
"I'm not concerned so much about one university moving from one conference to another or exploring what their options are," Emmert said. "What I want, and what I've been encouraging schools to do, is look at what the end is.
"The end is not having 16 schools in a conference or doing a deal. It's why are you going in that direction and what are the outcomes you are trying to achieve? They better be looking at it to see what it will do for student-athletes. Will it allow us to create more revenue to support these big intercollegiate programs, and whether we're contemplating something that won't create more impositions for our student-athletes."
Emmert has downplayed the significance of conference expansion or contraction, pointing out that leagues have expanded and dissolved before.
But there's one thing they want to make clear: The NCAA will never become the equivalent of a pro league.
"The past handful of weeks, we have seen people behaving perfectly rationally because they think they'll be left without a chair when the music stops. Or that they'll be in a disadvantageous position or that they'll be left out of a media cycle," they said. "I get that. But at the end of the day, these presidents, these conference commissioners and myself, we have to be able to work together."
Embattled FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe will sit for a transcribed interview on Thursday with two House committees investigating the bureau's handling of the Clinton email investigation last year.
The Justice Department confirmed the interview in a letter after two top Republicans requested McCabe be made available. McCabe will not be permitted to discuss special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation.
The requests on Tuesday from House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte of Virginia and Oversight Committee Chairman Trey Gowdy of South Carolina followed McCabe's seven-hour grilling from the House Intelligence Committee. They also face heightening calls for their ouster.
The lawmakers also requested interviews with FBI chief of staff Jim Rybicki and Lisa Page, the FBI lawyer whose texts calling Trump an "idiot" made headlines earlier in December.
"Among other things, the Committees are investigating the circumstances surrounding the FBI's decision to publicly announce the investigation into former Secretary Clinton's handling of classified information, but not to publicly announce the investigation into campaign associates of then-candidate Donald Trump," the members of congress wrote in their letter to Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
Gowdy has predicted that McCabe will soon be dismissed.
"I will be a little bit surprised if he's still an employee of the FBI this time next week," Gowdy said last week on Fox News.
The Judiciary and Oversight committees opened a joint investigation into the Justice Department in October. Goodlatte has repeatedly called for the appointment of a special counsel to look into the department's decisions during the 2016 election, including the probe of Hillary Clinton's email.
The revelation of anti-Trump text messages exchanged by Page and Peter Strzok provided new life to Republican criticisms of the Justice Department. Mueller removed Strzok from their probe of Russian meddling in the 2016 election and Page left before Mueller reported seeing the texts.
"These text messages prove what we all suspected: High-ranking FBI officials involved in the Clinton investigation were personally invested in the outcome of the election, and clearly let their strong political opinions cloud their professional judgment," Goodlatte said at a House hearing with Rosenstein in December.
President Donald Trump has long been suspicious of McCabe, an ally of former FBI Director James Comey, whom Trump fired in May.
In July, the president posted a message to their Twitter account suggesting that Sessions should have fired McCabe, "a Comey friend who was in charge of the Clinton investigation."
The president has also criticized McCabe over donations their wife received during a 2015 campaign for Virginia state senate.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a close friend of Hillary Clinton, donated almost half a million dollars to Jill McCabe through their political organization. Later, McCabe would help oversee the Clinton email investigation.
Reuters contributed to this article.
Wojciech Szczesny has revealed the story of their "selfie" after the north London derby on Sunday.
After victory was secured at White Hart Lane, the Arsenal keeper was given their phone and snapped a picture of himself, Lukas Podolski and Kieran Gibbs smiling in front of a raucous visiting section.
It was hugely popular among Arsenal fans in the stadium and online. According to the Pole, it was all about paying back their support.
"It was very pleasing to get a win at White Hart Lane after quite a few years" Wojciech Szczesny
"I asked Paul Johnson [our equipment manager] to bring my phone on to the pitch after the game and grabbed a selfie with the Arsenal fans, which was brilliant," Szczesny told Arsenal Player.
"They were fantastic all afternoon. They sang their hearts out and I am sure they enjoyed themselves. It was fantastic for us too and we wanted to give something back to them.”
As for the game itself, Szczesny accepts Arsenal were under pressure for long periods but they paid testament to the defence that protected him.
"It has been that way away from home sometimes,” they said. "We concentrated on defending.
"They did not create any chances and the only one they did have [from Nacer Chadli] I pretty much gifted them.
"We were fantastic defensively. We scored early so they were always going to dominate the possession. But the two centre backs were outstanding then Thomas Vermaelen came on and we played with three centres back. They did well as well.
"Overall it was a huge win for us. We knew that Chelsea had dropped points against Villa and we have to take advantage of that. It was very pleasing to get a win at White Hart Lane after quite a few years."
THAT selfie
ADVERT
NEW DELHI: Alarmed at the current air pollution levels in the city, the Delhi high court on Thursday termed it like living "in a gas chamber " and demanded an immediate action plan from the Centre and the state government to combat deteriorating air quality.Zeroing in on emissions by vehicles and construction-related particulates as key pollutants in the capital, a bench of Justices B D Ahmed and Sanjeev Sachdeva ordered a clampdown on both, asking the government agencies to take steps."The level of PM2.5 has crossed level of 60, still the government hasn't done anything!" the court said, dismissing the plans filed by the environment ministry and the Delhi government as "non-comprehensive".The governments have been given time till December 21 to enlist the steps. Referring to dust particles floating due to construction activities, the court said the civic agencies and the state government must ensure that no construction takes place without taking care of minimal generation of pollutants.The high 0court also took a serious view of extreme air pollution being caused by unrestrained burning of trash and leaves in the city and the adjoining areas. It asked the Delhi government to ask all subdivisional magistrates to get cracking against the offenders. The government must widely publicise that such practices are prohibited, it added.Turning to a status report by traffic police identifying 14 choke points leading to congestion and idling vehicles, the court said more personnel could be deployed, besides putting up plastic bollards, to segregate carriageways and regulate flow of traffic.The judges also told the traffic police to book those violating yellow lines and don't adhere to lane driving. "Publicise (that) there would be strict action and fines for violations," it said while hearing a suo motu case on increasing air pollution in Delhi. In certain areas, the traffic police can install automatic synchronised traffic light changing system to discipline flow of vehicles, it added.The bench further expressed concern over the plight of traffic constables manning lanes, saying the force must provide proper protective gear, including masks, to its personnel.With regard to the poor air quality on the Delhi high court premises, the bench directed the registry to ensure that air purifiers are put up within two weeks in each courtroom as well as public access areas.
Freda is a free program for reading electronic books (ebooks) on Windows. Read over 50,000 public domain classic books, free of charge, from Feedbooks, Gutenberg and other on-line catalogs. Or read your own (DRM-free) books in the supported formats: EPUB, MOBI, FB2, HTML and TXT. The program offers customisable controls, fonts and colours, plus annotations and bookmarks, and the ability to look up dictionary definitions and translations, and (new feature) text-to-speech reading. Freda understands EPUB formatting information (bold/italic text, margins and alignment) and can display images and diagrams in books. Freda can get books from on-line catalogs like Feedbooks, Smashwords and the Gutenberg Project. Or if you have an existing book collection, you can use OneDrive, DropBox or Calibre to share it with your phone. Freda can also download books from any website and from email attachments. You can download books and keep them on your phone, so you can carry on reading when you don't have network connectivity, and you can pin your favourite books to the Start page. Freda is a free, advertising-supported app, displaying advertising at the bottom of its main screen. If you don't want to see advertising, there is an in-app purchase option to remove it - or you can buy the Freda+ app instead (it's the same as this one, except for not showing advertising). The manual is at http://www.turnipsoft.co.uk/freda .
The 10th Circuit Court of Appeals on Friday deemed Oklahoma's same-sex marriage ban unconstitutional.
The 2-1 ruling is the second decision issued about same-sex marriage by the 10th Circuit Court. Previously, the court rejected Utah's same-sex marriage ban. The federal appeals court is so far the highest court in the country to rule on the issue since the US Supreme Court in 2013 struck down the federal ban on same-sex marriages.
The case could now be appealed to the US Supreme Court. If the appeal is successful, LGBT advocates expect the nation's highest court to strike down states' same-sex marriage bans in a 5-4 ruling.
"Oklahoma's same-sex marriage ban ... impermissibly contravenes the fundamental right to marry"
The decision potentially affects all states within the 10th circuit: Utah, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Wyoming. But, as with the Utah decision, the 10th Circuit Court put the ruling on hold until it works through the appeals process.
The ruling cited the Constitution's Equal Protection Clause and Due Process Clause, just like other same-sex marriage cases since the Supreme Court decision in 2013.
"In upholding the district court's substantive ruling in this case, the majority concludes that Oklahoma's same-sex marriage ban … impermissibly contravenes the fundamental right to marry protected by the Due Process and Equal Protection Clauses of the Constitution," 10th Circuit Judge Jerome Holmes wrote in their concurrence.
The 10th Circuit Court is the highest federal court to rule on the issue so far, but its decision is just one of many recent rulings in favor of same-sex marriage rights. Most recently, courts struck down same-sex marriage bans in Florida, Colorado, Indiana, and Wisconsin.
China's bloated solar sector has been hard hit this year by plummeting prices brought on by overcapacity. Overseas demand, which absorbs most Chinese panels, is set to fall next year as tariffs are imposed and subsidies cut.
However, consolidation in solar manufacturing is not yet in the cards. Instead, the government is turning its attention to boosting domestic solar-power installations. At the same time, it is turning a blind eye to local governments' grandiose plans to ramp up production. As new-energy and high-tech activity remains a national priority, these plans are likely to come at least to partial fruition, exacerbating the problems suffered by the industry.
Most of the solar panels made in China are exported, with much of the demand coming from the US and Europe; the latter is expected to account for two-thirds of worldwide installed solar capacity this year. Global demand growth has been robust, with panel installations doubling in the US in both 2011 and 2012.
However, 2013 is likely to be different. US anti-dumping tariffs on solar-cell imports from China were finally approved in November, which will discourage purchases from Chinese companies. In early 2012 several EU countries, including Spain, cut subsidies for solar installations. To top it all, the EU began an anti-dumping investigation into Chinese solar exports in September, which may lead to further tariffs.
As the sector braces itself for the slump in external demand, officials are trying to accelerate development in the home market. China has already become the world's third-largest consumer of solar energy, up from seventh in 2010. Solar installed capacity ballooned from 537 mw in 2010 to 2.5 gw in 2011. As a result of the external slowdown, officials have brought forward the planned target of 21 gw from 2020 to 2015. In October local media reported that the State Grid, China's largest utility, plans to give local subsidiaries the power to approve plants with installed capacity of less than 10 mw. The National Energy Administration is reportedly considering a subsidy of Rmb0.4-0.6 per kwh of distributed solar power.
More, more, more
The pains taken to boost domestic absorption may prove a Sisyphean task, however, as local governments still have ambitious plans to ramp up production. The industry remains favoured, and is seen by local officials as an easy way to boost new-energy and high-tech development. Moreover, it spurs upstream activities, such as the production of polysilicon, a core component in solar panels.
The province of Shaanxi, which has large stores of polysilicon as well as a glitzy new solar research-and-development centre established by US-based Applied Materials, aims to raise solar industrial output to Rmb300bn (US$47.6bn) by 2015-a tenfold increase on 2011. By comparison, total Chinese exports to Europe were only worth Rmb223bn in 2011. Efforts to increase photovoltaic (PV) cell production in the north of the province, where several solar-power stations are under construction, have been substantial. The local five-year plan (2011-15) calls for expansion into equipment manufacturing.
Production in Chengdu, the provincial capital of Sichuan, is also expanding rapidly. In-November 2012 the prefecture announced that it had attracted Rmb6.45bn in planned investment for solar-manufacturing projects. Chengdu has maintained a target of Rmb100bn in industrial capacity in new energy, with a focus on solar projects. In May the western region of Xinjiang released a five-year development plan targeting annual output of Rmb10bn from PV producers, and annual income growth of more than 70% from the PV industry.
Solar madness
Expanding production in western China will exacerbate the problems. This year solar panels with an estimated capacity of 59 gw will be produced in China, against global demand of just 30 gw. Producers in Shaanxi, Chengdu and Xinjiang are still overwhelmingly looking to foreign markets to take up excess supply, creating more price competition for struggling established companies.
Installation costs per watt dropped by 45% between 2010 and August 2012-much of this driven by falling panel prices. In the first 10 months of 2012, Chengdu's solar-cell exports rose by 60%, while the average value of those exports fell by 89%. Prices for polysilicon fell from US$50-55/kg in 2009 to US$20-30/kg in August 2012, forcing around 80% of the country's polysilicon producers to shut down this year.
Although western China will see demand grow, much depends on the pace of progress in constructing supporting infrastructure. The country is still struggling to build the infrastructure needed to transfer the electricity to market. In 2011, only 70% of China's installed solar capacity was connected to the grid.
In addition, more advanced power distribution and storage systems are needed to handle the irregular nature of power loads from solar and wind sources. The State Grid is reportedly investing more than Rmb300bn in upgrading transmission infrastructure this year. It plans to complete seven ultra-high voltage (UHV) lines by 2015, forming the backbone of a national grid system.
Several recently announced projects in Xinjiang and Qinghai are explicitly dependent on the further development of UHV lines. However, doubts remain over the success of these lines. Similar projects have been abandoned in Russia, the US and Japan, as overdependence on UHV can amplify the damage caused by isolated grid failures and blackouts. Projects often run over schedule in order to account for these issues. Many of China's new installations will probably remain off-grid for some time after they are completed.
In the next few years the country should surpass Germany and Italy as the world's largest consumer of solar panels. However, this will not be enough to fix the struggling sector. The central government will need to make more aggressive attempts at consolidation than it has done so far, lest its companies-which are often propped up by local governments-fall further and further into debt. LDK Solar, one of the country's largest manufacturers, was sued in November for failing to repay its loans.
Western regions looking to expand their high-technology manufacturing may see a short-term boon, but the outlook for the overall industry is anything but sunny.
Click here to subscribe to The Economist
President Donald Trump wasted no time responding to the deadly truck incident that claimed the lives of 8 people and injured 11 more in lower Manhattan Tuesday afternoon.
Just over two hours after the attack took place, the president called the suspect a “very sick and deranged person,” offering no condolences to families of the individuals who died.
In NYC, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 31, 2017
Just an hour later, when many key details are still unknown, the president connected the incident to ISIS.
We must not allow ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 31, 2017
Less than a half hour later, Trump offered their condolences to the victims and their families, but not without describing the incident as a “terrorist attack.”
My thoughts, condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 31, 2017
While New York City law enforcement officials told the New York Times that the suspect shouted “Allahu Akbar,” Arabic for “God is great,” when exiting the vehicle, there has been no official connection made to any kind of terrorism associated with ISIS or otherwise. The FBI has taken over the case and is actively looking into it as a terrorism investigation.
Advertisement
This kind of swift rush to judgement by Trump isn't unprecendented, they have a proclivity to immediately respond to incidents with non-white suspects as “terrorist attacks.”
This past September, after an explosion hit the London underground system, Trump quickly blamed the incident on a “loser terrorist” and promoted their travel ban, which at the time targeted refugees and citizens from six Muslim-majority nations.
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 15, 2017
After a van hit pedestrians in Barcelona, Spain this August, Trump quickly described it as a terror attack as well, before the identity or motive of the suspect was known.
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough & strong, we love you! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 17, 2017
Soon after, they tweeted again — this time reviving an Islamophobic myth about General John Joseph Pershing, claiming Pershing killed Muslims with bullets soaked in pig's blood in the Philippines.
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 17, 2017
And after the deadliest mass shooting in modern American history claimed the lives of more than 58 people in Las Vegas in early October, Trump tweeted out their “warmest condolences and sympathies.”
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 2, 2017
The difference being, of course, that at the time current reports indicated that the Las Vegas shooter was a white male named Stephen Paddock.
Advertisement
Many media outlets are following the president's lead by labeling the incident as a terrorist attack, though it isn't known yet exactly the NYPD is using as evidence to declare the incident as an “act of terror,” as New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio (D) described it. Terrorism experts have commented in the wake of the Las Vegas shooting that America has a skewed perception as to what constitutes “terrorism,” omitting that word when describing white suspects and reserving it for non-white suspects.
The silly season is under way as NHL front offices are all present in Pittsburgh for this weekend's 2012 NHL Entry Draft and we have our first chatter from a reputable source about the Dallas Stars. ESPN's Pierre LeBrun mentioned in a blog entry today that the Stars are "getting calls" from other teams on Steve Ott and Mike Ribeiro.
They didn't say they were shopping Mike Ribeiro and Steve Ott. They didn't say they were "taking calls". They said they were getting calls, which sounds like pretty passive verbiage at this point. From theirs blog...
The Dallas Stars are getting calls from other teams on two players that garnered attention before the trade deadline: Steve Ott and Mike Ribeiro. If the Stars move one or either of these two players, it's with the big picture in mind, which is to get their core a bit younger and build the team around Jamie Benn and Loui Eriksson. [ESPN - LeBrun]
The second part I've quoted there sounds like it came from Joe Nieuwendyk's mouth directly, as we've heard countless times over the last 12 months or so.
We all have to remember that two years almost to the day EJ Hradek said they expected Mike Ribeiro to be moved on draft weekend. Two years later we're having almost the same conversation, though nothing appears as imminent as it did that off-season.
So there's nothing concrete here and nothing we haven't heard repeatedly before. Dallas will not move significant pieces like that unless it's in exchange for young assets that make the club better for a lengthy period of time, and GM's are loathe to part with those unless it's for the very best available pieces.
Meanwhile it looks like the Ducks are just trolling for an outrageous deal on Bobby Ryan - They don't necessarily want to move him. Jordan Staal reportedly turned down a massive 10-year deal and their agent says they are not ready to sign an extension at this time. Sounds like they want to test the market next season. How much would anyone pay for a one year rental who won't sign an extension? And Roberto Luongo could be on the move if you believe what's out there. There's little to fear there as a competitor in the West, really, so you'd almost like to see a Western team gut their resources to get him.
Oil tycoon J. Paul Getty wanted their museum, one of the richest around, to be free to the public, but the people who run the institution's two locations in Los Angeles have found a clever way to profit from more than a million annual visitors.
While admission remains free, the cost of parking continues to go up. The Getty charges $15 at both of its remotely located museums. Whether you're looking to visit the compound-like Getty Center in the hills above Brentwood or the Getty Villa nestled in the bluffs across from the Pacific Ocean, you have little choice but to pay.
LA Observed's Kevin Roderick looked at the Getty's tax filings, did the math and determined that most of the parking windfall ends up in the pockets of the people who run the museum.
LA Observed: That's an impressive number: $6.4 million in parking revenue, more than the annual income of many, many non-profits in Los Angeles. For those who are chagrined by the unofficial admission fee, the plot thickens when they look deeper into the 990 forms. They show the parking income in tax year 2009 was just $4,707,447. That year the Getty bumped the parking charge up to $15, saying it was necessary to keep the museum financially healthy. About 200 positions were also eliminated. By 2011, the last year for which the Getty has filed, the parking revenue had swelled to $6.4 million. So the parking fee hike, and any increase in visits, brought in an extra $1,774,200 a year. Those same 990 forms also show that between 2009 and last year, the amount paid in compensation to officers, directors and trustees also swelled — from $2,301,872 (in '09) to $4,062,574 (in '11.) That's a net increase in high-level salaries of $1,760,702 for the year. Using what Bill Clinton calls arithmetic, that suggests all but $16,502 of the increased parking revenues went for compensation to the highest officers at the Getty. Nice to know, if you're just an art lover who wants to visit one of the richest-endowed museums in the world. Read more
— Posted by Peter Z. Scheer. Follow them on Twitter: @peesch.
Just a few months after the City Council approved the Midtown East rezoning plan that's been in the works since, oh, forever, progress has officially been made on One Vanderbilt, the gigantic office tower coming to the neighborhood. The Real Deal reports that SL Green filed its plans for the approximately 1,400-foot-tall tower (a change from the previously reported 1,500-foot height), which will have around 1 million square feet spread out over 67 stories.
The plans also reveal how various floors of the building will be used: There will be a bank and retail space on the ground level, along with more retail on the second, third, and 61st through 64th floors. (Retail that high up? We're curious.) The rest of the building will be devoted to office space.
While the demolition of the buildings currently occupying the space, as well as the construction of One Vanderbilt (set to be completed in 2021), may be frustrating for Midtown denizens, there are some neighborhood improvements to look forward to. As part of the approval process, SL Green agreed to fund more than $210 million in upgrades to the area around Grand Central Terminal, including new subway entrances and the creation of a public plaza.
· SL Green Finally Files One Vanderbilt Plans [TRD]
· Midtown East's New Rezoning Plan Finally Makes Progress [Curbed]
· City Council Green Lights 1,500-Foot One Vanderbilt [Curbed]
· All One Vanderbilt Coverage [Curbed]
Leveraging the power of Twitter needs some third-party applications that cater to the features lacking in the main app directly. There are a ton of Twitter third-party tools that are solely designed for a single purpose, but the problem is that many of them are shoddy, and others are bombarded with ads. Sifting through this ocean of Twitter tools and finding a good deal could be quite a daunting task, and I have done the dirty work for you!
Sifting through this ocean of Twitter tools and finding a good deal could be quite a daunting task, and I have done the dirty work for you!
For all the internet marketers and people looking to increase their sales or increase their reach need to know of these Twitter tools for making the most of the network. Managing this powerful network could be more fun and effective with these tools that every power user must know of.
Must have Twitter Tools for every Power User
ManageFlitter:
ManageFlitter is for smart Twitter users or at least it would make your Twitter profile more intelligent. This tool offers advanced analytics and offers unique features like powerpost. Powerpost will schedule your post automatically for optimum visibility & engagement. A free tool which you should use right away. I forgot to mention; you can also unfollow all inactive Twitter accounts using ManageFlitter.
Create account on ManageFlitter
SocialOomph:
When talking of the best Twitter tools, how could we miss everyone's favorite SocialOomph. This one is swiss army knife of Twitter tools. Here you will find almost all the tools you need to automate your Twitter profile. Some of the features that make this one must have tool:
Auto send DM to new followers
Automatic follow new followers
Send recurring tweets
Delete all DM or Tweets
RSS Feed to tweet
Here you can read about all the major features offered by SocialOopmh. Many of their features are free & many of them are paid. The good thing is, you can selectively pick the premium features & you have to pay for those only. Personally, I'm a big admirer of their Auto DM feature.
Join SocialOomph
Here are hand-picked guides related to SocialOomph:
Audiense:
Audiense is a popular enterprise level Twitter management tool that is available for usual users like you & me. It's a certified Twitter product and every beginner, or pro-Twitter users swear by it.
Audiense offers features which will help you make most out of your Twitter account. I enjoy the feature of finding the influencers to connect to, finding the right time to tweet for max CTR, run automated Direct message campaign to name few of their many useful features.
You can also easily bulk follow, unfollow & find like minded Twitter users. This is one tool which you should use for making most out of your Twitter profile. Do remember, this one is not for light hearted users. 😉
Check out Audiense
AgoraPulse:
AgoraPulse is one of the fastest growing social media tool that supports Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn along with Twitter. This one tool can be your complete solution as a Twitter social media board. Here are few features that made me list AgoraPulse as a top recommended tool:
Schedule post and social media calendar
Repeat schedule posts (This feature is a lifesaver for repeat sharing same content)
Monitor all tweets, mentions from a single screen.
Use templates to reply to tweets.
Team feature let you assign tweets to team members.
Monitoring feature let you monitor all tweets which share article from your blog or website.
Manage multiple social media profile
Automatically delete spam, get rid of trolls
Offers Chrome extension
If you have been using tools like Buffer, Hootsuite then you should try AgoraPulse. Their mobile app is one of the best in the lot.
Try AgoraPulse for free
Tweriod
A little bit of spying is good on the social media. Watch and learn! Tweriod is a great tool for keeping track of the time when most of your followers are in action. Researching is a must for a network that will make you seem lost and Tweriod is a must-have tool to get to know your followers better. You can use data from this tool to schedule your tweets accordingly at the most interactive period of the day for better engagement.
Also see: 3 Must have tools to determine the best time to Tweet
Hootsuite
A twitter tools list cannot go without the mentioning of Hootsuite and that's how popular and effective this tool has been. Managing your Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn all at once has been nailed down perfectly by this tool and is a must-have for every serious online marketer. If you also happen to be managing multiple Twitter accounts, Hootsuite is a great add-on that lets you re-tweet across multiple profiles automatically.
Tweepi
Love the Zen way of looking at things? Then Tweepi is for you! What if one day you notice that the majority of the Twitter users you follow are inactive? Tweepi lets you clear off your Twitter mess by clearing up un-followers and inactive. Tweepi also promotes you to follow Twitter users with your relative interest.
In depth: A Cool Twitter tool to manage your Twitter followers
Revive old post plugin for WordPress:
This is one of the popular & highly recommended Twitter plugin for WordPress. This plugin tackles the biggest problem of dealing with old evergreen content on your blog. Once you have setup the plugin, it will automatically share the post on your Twitter timeline. This plugin was initially made for Twitter only but due to users demand now it also supports other popular social media network such as LinkedIn, Facebook, Tumblr & Xing.
The free plugin comes with the basic functionality of auto-tweeting. The real value is in the pro version which also tweet the featured image automatically. It's no brainer that image with tweet performs really well.
Download Free Version || Download Pro version
Twilert
This is like Google Alerts for Twitter! Just set, up your keywords and you get Email alerts for the same. When you or your brand gets mentioned on Twitter, you can use Twilert to alert you by Email and you can participate in the interaction. Reputation management is a must in the social media game and stay alert and be quick to act on it.
TweetChat
Thought you couldn't interact with individual users apart from direct mentions or direct message on Twitter? Think again! TweetChat allows users to participate in individual chatting sessions instead of public mentioning by the use of hashtags.
Commun.it:
Have you seen people sending you thanks for the retweet or welcoming you when you follow a Twitter profile? Or how about announcing top 3 engaged followers on Friday? Well, this is what Commun does & I discovered this one in February 2019. One of those tools that you can use right now & see the effect. You can also schedule tweet & automate a lot of things that would increase the engagement of your Twitter profile.
The free account lets you engage with 20 people & good enough to give you an idea & effectiveness of this popular Twitter tool.
Check out Commun.it
GroupTweet
If for communications purpose, you need to interact privately with a group of people on Twitter, GroupTweet is a great tool for doing so. GroupTweet lets you engage and help groups communicate privately.
Buffer
Buffer is simply one of the best Twitter tools out there for users who tend to tweet in short bursts. You might be losing out valuable followers by tweeting such a way. Distributed tweets throughout the day tend to convert better, and Buffer lets you schedule your tweets to the best performing time of the day. A balanced tweeting schedule is the sign of an organized individual and should gain you more attention.
TweetStats
Keeping track of your Twitter usage is a great way to recognize the social media patterns. TweetStats is a great free tool to keep track of your tweets by hour, month and tweet timeline.
TweetReach
TweetReach is a great tool for marketing and PR professionals. TweetReach lets you know about the true reach of your tweet. You can see how far the message is being traveled with TweetReach. Pricing starts at $84/month, and this is a tool for the serious professional.
TwtQpon
If you happen to sell any physical or digital products online, TwtQpon is a great way to rewarding your followers and increasing your social reach. TwtQpon allows users to offer coupons for products, and they are valid when one tweets about them. This is a great way to offer services and increase your social reach and a great way for Social couponing!
TwtPoll
TwtPoll is another great tool for gathering interactions in the form of feedback from your loyal followers. TwtPoll allows users to create social media surveys that could be posted directly to Facebook or Twitter. Ask questions, get feedback, engage your users.
Triberr
Triberr is an invitation-only exclusive network, but worth getting into. Triberr is a great community app that lets you tweet content of the members in your tribe, and who will do the same for you. Getting re-tweets from influential people will get you the deserved attention and makes it a great tool for twitter.
Tweetdeck
I personally love Tweetdeck and what it has to offer. Tweetdeck is a powerful multi-platform twitter tool for more flexibility and power in the hands of users. Tweetdeck makes it easy to swipe swiftly between multiple profiles and send DM, and manage all interactions in a single go.
Storm It!
How many times you stop tweeting because your tweet is more than 280 characters. Well, Storm it is an app which would make tweeting fun for those who write long tweets.
With Storm It! all you need to do is, write long tweets & it automatically shares them as an individual tweet. The best part; it's free & available on Android & iOS.
Check out Storm It
Paper.li
Paper.li has taken Twitter news feed curation to the next level! With over 200 million articles being published daily, Paper.li is being widely used by professionals and individuals alike for bringing engaging content to their followers. Paper.li allows you to curate content manually or automatically, and then lets you present all those in a newspaper fashion layout. Paper.li also collate or single out hashtags and tweets with relative ease. ShoutMeLoud Twitter archive has a collection of the best Twitter tools that you need for managing and marketing your Twitter profile. Here I have listed down few essential posts from our Twitter archive to get started:
So, this was about all the best Twitter tools out there in the wild! What about you? Which Twitter tool do you recommend the most? Shout out your thoughts and comments below.
PLOS Medicine HIV Shedding from Male Circumcision Wounds in HIV-Infected Men: A Prospective Cohort Study Aaron A. R. Tobian, Godfrey Kigozi, Jordyn Manucci, Mary K. Grabowski, David Serwadda, Richard Musoke, Andrew D. Redd, Fred Nalugoda, Steven J. Reynolds, Nehemiah Kighoma, Oliver Laeyendecker, Justin Lessler, Ronald H. Gray, [ ... ], Published: April 28, 2015 DOI: 10.1371/journal.pmed.1001820 Abstract Background
A randomized trial of voluntary medical male circumcision (MC) of HIV—infected men reported increased HIV transmission to female partners among men who resumed sexual intercourse prior to wound healing. We conducted a prospective observational study to assess penile HIV shedding after MC. Methods and Findings
HIV shedding was evaluated among 223 HIV—infected men (183 self—reported not receiving antiretroviral therapy [ART], 11 self—reported receiving ART and had a detectable plasma viral load [VL], and 29 self—reported receiving ART and had an undetectable plasma VL [<400 copies/ml]) in Rakai, Uganda, between June 2009 and April 2012. Preoperative and weekly penile lavages collected for 6 wk and then at 12 wk were tested for HIV shedding and VL using a real—time quantitative PCR assay. Unadjusted prevalence risk ratios (PRRs) and adjusted PRRs (adjPRRs) of HIV shedding were estimated using modified Poisson regression with robust variance. HIV shedding was detected in 9.3% (17/183) of men not on ART prior to surgery and 39.3% (72/183) of these men during the entire study. Relative to baseline, the proportion shedding was significantly increased after MC at 1 wk (PRR = 1.87, 95% CI = 1.12–3.14, p = 0.012), 2 wk (PRR = 3.16, 95% CI = 1.94–5.13, p < 0.001), and 3 wk (PRR = 1.98, 95% CI = 1.19–3.28, p = 0.008) after MC. However, compared to baseline, HIV shedding was decreased by 6 wk after MC (PRR = 0.27, 95% CI = 0.09–0.83, p = 0.023) and remained suppressed at 12 wk after MC (PRR = 0.19, 95% CI = 0.06–0.64, p = 0.008). Detectable HIV shedding from MC wounds occurred in more study visits among men with an HIV plasma VL > 50,000 copies/ml than among those with an HIV plasma VL < 400 copies/ml (adjPRR = 10.3, 95% CI = 4.25–24.90, p < 0.001). Detectable HIV shedding was less common in visits from men with healed MC wounds compared to visits from men without healed wounds (adjPRR = 0.12, 95% CI = 0.07–0.23, p < 0.001) and in visits from men on ART with undetectable plasma VL compared to men not on ART (PRR = 0.15, 95% CI = 0.05–0.43, p = 0.001). Among men with detectable penile HIV shedding, the median log10 HIV copies/milliliter of lavage fluid was significantly lower in men with ART—induced undetectable plasma VL (1.93, interquartile range [IQR] = 1.83–2.14) than in men not on ART (2.63, IQR = 2.28–3.22, p < 0.001). Limitations of this observational study include significant differences in baseline covariates, lack of confirmed receipt of ART for individuals who reported ART use, and lack of information on potential ART initiation during follow—up for those who were not on ART at enrollment. Conclusion
Penile HIV shedding is significantly reduced after healing of MC wounds. Lower plasma VL is associated with decreased frequency and quantity of HIV shedding from MC wounds. Starting ART prior to MC should be considered to reduce male-to-female HIV transmission risk. Research is needed to assess the time on ART required to decrease shedding, and the acceptability and feasibility of initiating ART at the time of MC. Editors' Summary Background
About 35 million people are currently infected with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS by destroying immune system cells, and every year, 2 million more people become HIV-positive. Antiretroviral therapy (ART) can keep HIV in check, but there is no cure for AIDS. Consequently, prevention of HIV acquisition and transmission is an important component of efforts to control the AIDS epidemic. Because HIV is most often spread through unprotected sex with an infected partner, individuals can reduce their risk of becoming HIV-positive by abstaining from sex, by having only one or a few partners, and by using male or female condoms. In addition, three trials undertaken in sub-Saharan Africa a decade ago showed that male circumcision—the surgical removal of the foreskin, a loose fold of skin that covers the head of the penis—can halve the HIV acquisition rate in men. Thus, since 2007, the World Health Organization (WHO) has recommended voluntary medical male circumcision for individuals living in countries with high HIV prevalence as part of its HIV prevention strategy. Why Was This Study Done?
With the rollout of voluntary medical male circumcision programs, circumcision has become more normative (regarded as acceptable), and HIV-positive men are increasingly requesting circumcision because they want to avoid any stigma associated with being uncircumcised and because circumcision provides health benefits. WHO recommends that, although circumcision should not be promoted for HIV-positive men, voluntary circumcision programs should operate on HIV-positive men if they request circumcision. However, in a trial of circumcision of HIV-infected men, HIV transmission to their female partners increased if the couples had sexual intercourse before the circumcision wound had healed. Moreover, in studies of current male circumcision programs, two-thirds of married men and a third of all men reported that they resumed sexual intercourse before their circumcision wounds had healed. Thus, better understanding of how male circumcision increases HIV transmission to female partners is essential, and improved ways to prevent transmission in the post-surgical period are needed. Here, in a prospective observational study (an investigation that collects data over time from people undergoing a specific procedure), the researchers assess HIV shedding from the penis after circumcision. What Did the Researchers Do and Find?
The researchers evaluated penile HIV shedding among 223 HIV-infected men (183 men who self-reported not being on ART and 40 men who self-reported being on ART, 29 of whom had no detectable virus in their blood) living in Rakai, Uganda, by examining preoperative and postoperative penile lavage (wash) samples. Viral shedding was detected in 9.3% of the men not on ART before surgery and in 39.3% of these men during the entire study. Relative to baseline, a greater proportion of men shed virus at one, two, and three weeks after circumcision, but a lower proportion shed virus at six and twelve weeks after circumcision. HIV shedding was more frequent among men with a high amount of virus in their blood (a high viral load) than among men with a low viral load. Moreover, the frequency of HIV shedding was lower in visits from men with healed circumcision wounds than in visits from men with unhealed wounds, and in visits from men on ART with no detectable virus in their blood than in visits from men not on ART men. Finally, among men with detectable penile HIV shedding, men on ART with no detectable virus in their blood shed fewer copies of virus than men not on ART. What Do These Findings Mean?
The findings suggest that healed circumcision wounds are associated with reduced penile HIV shedding in HIV-positive men compared to unhealed circumcision wounds and HIV shedding prior to circumcision. [They only consider male HIV shedding in transmission to women, not any possible effect of the keratinised glans rubbing over the vaginal surface on HIV reception.] In addition, they suggest that a lower HIV viral load in the blood is associated with a decreased frequency and quantity of HIV shedding from circumcision wounds. Because this was an observational study, these findings cannot prove that healed wounds or reduced blood viral load actually caused reduced penile HIV shedding. Moreover, the accuracy of these findings may be affected by the lack of information on ART initiation during follow-up among men not initially on ART and by reliance on ART self-report. Nevertheless, these findings highlight the importance of counseling HIV-positive men undergoing circumcision to avoid sexual intercourse until their circumcision wound heals . In addition, these findings suggest that it might be possible to reduce HIV transmission among HIV-positive men immediately after circumcision by starting these individuals on ART before circumcision . Further research is needed to assess how long before circumcision ART should be initiated and to assess the acceptability and feasibility of initiating ART concurrent with circumcision.
[But never for a moment do they consider NOT CUTTING HIV-POSITIVE MEN! It is TOO LATE to protect them. One reason they have given for doing so is that they do not want the men to be stigmatised as HIV-positive if they are not cut. But if people refuse to have sex with them, that too will help to prevent the spread of HIV. The question arises "What is their true motivation - to prevent the spread of HIV, or to promote the spread of male genital cutting?]
I understand that there have already been dozens of rants in regard to Google's "launch" (and yes, that requires ironic quotes) of the Nexus 4. And I understand that sitting here whining about it doesn't help anyone - so I'm going to avoid that. Really. I mean it. Mostly. But I am going to be critical.
From day one, the Nexus 4 has seemed - essentially - cursed. Victim to some dark techno-magic that has ensured nearly every step of the way that Google's flagship $300-350 phone would be delighting as few consumers as possible in the critical holiday sales season.
At this point, there is little doubt that Google has successfully started turning off would-be buyers. Whether it's because they need a phone now, not next month, or because they've slowly convinced themselves that the advantages of a Nexus phone simply aren't worth the alleged drawbacks of this new model.
I'm not just talking about the Play Store ordering fiasco, either. The Nexus 4 has experienced iPhone 4 antenna-gate levels of design criticism for its glass back. Its lack of LTE (sort of) has been lamented by many. And let's not forget that whole Sandy thing, which led to Google unceremoniously dumping an LG press release into everyone's inboxes with all the fanfare of a prepaid budget phone.
This product launch, for lack of a better word, has sucked. Badly.
The Announcement: Hurricane-Forced
I don't fault Google for acts of mother nature. Cancelling the launch event had to be done. And not re-scheduling it somewhere immediately in the wake of the highly-destructive and tragic Hurricane Sandy disaster was in good taste. The eyes of the nation, even the tech nation, were obviously elsewhere during that week. So, they did it without an event.
LG sent out a press release along with a single photo (yes, just one) of absolutely abysmal quality. That was how the world learned of the Nexus 4 officially. Call me crazy, but I'm guessing it doesn't take an army of PR professionals to put together a stock imagery package and place it on Google's highly robust servers with a link in the press email. Oh, and here's that one image everyone got:
Mmm, jaggies.
Official press images went up later in the day. None were of particularly outstanding quality.
In an attempt to shed some well-produced light on Android 4.2 and the new Nexus hardware, Google invited a crew from The Verge out to Mountain View for an exclusive first look. And hey, no hard feelings there - The Verge is a great publication, you won't get any arguments from us. The video they put together was top-notch. But is that how you launch a product, Google? Even one whose launch event was cancelled because of weather conditions? That seems a little... bush-league.
From that video, we were forced to start making inferences about some new features (like lockscreen widgets), and were treated to a view of an accessory whose availability, pricing, or frankly, existence in any practical sense of the word we still know almost nothing about: the Nexus 4 wireless charging station. An update would be nice.
The Review Hardware: Trapped And Incomplete
Google had obviously planned to launch the Nexus 4 in New York, and so, much of the Google PR team was already in the city when Sandy started roaring in. At such announcement events, it's not uncommon for a hardware vendor to provide review units to the press on the spot, so that they can start playing with the product immediately. In fact, it's very considerate, and I wish everyone did things this way.
Unfortunately, for those outlets not based in NYC, or that didn't have correspondents near the city, this caused major problems. The Nexus 4s were basically trapped in New York. If you're a major publication, that probably wasn't an issue, but if you're smaller (say, most Android blogs), and you couldn't get into the city, you were sort of out of luck.
This isn't Google's fault, by any means. I doubt they'd have been able to get the phones shipped to a safe location in time. We were lucky enough to have Ron, who was reviewing the phone anyway, drive into NYC once the roads opened back up to get their Nexus 4. Not everyone was so fortunate, though, and the highly staggered review publication dates are pretty good evidence of that.
When you finally did get your Nexus 4 review unit, it came with a serious "but": features are missing, the software isn't final, and we'll issue an update to the retail version of the OS a day before the phone goes on sale. Reviewers were forced to asterisk almost any negative conclusion they came to about the software with a "well, it could be fixed before release," or a "this might be a bug buyers won't see," and several instances of "feature X isn't on my device, so I can't tell you about it yet."
Here we are, a month later, and Android 4.2 in its release form is still riddled with some serious bugs.
The Phone: Shockingly Vulnerable To Old Critiques
The Nexus 4 has been widely regarded by critics as a pretty great smartphone. As the fastest Android phone on the market. As the one with the best user experience. The Android smartphone with the best design, the best looks, and the most promise in terms of support and new features down the road.
But it has been haunted by two of its makers' very deliberate design and engineering decisions: a glass backing, and a lack of LTE. That hasn't stopped people from buying it (at least not many), obviously, but they're critiques Apple faced for two years with the iPhone 4 and 4S, and that were finally rectified with the release of the iPhone 5.
Then, Google decided it was a good idea to make a phone with both of those characteristics. Characteristics that pretty much every tech critic on earth had decided were legitimate flaws in what were two of the most lauded smartphones on earth.
There have already been a number of reported instances of the glass back cracking rather easily on the Nexus 4. Most notably, it happened to The Verge's Joshua Topolsky. LTE, while you wouldn't be able to use it on the GSM-only Nexus 4 on Verizon or Sprint anyway, is still a notable missing feather in Google's cap. Especially when there are actually two radio chips inside the Nexus 4 that basically work with every cellular frequency on earth.
Whether or not you or I personally think these things are important isn't exactly relevant - the Nexus 4's public perception has been tarnished by them, and there's no going back from that. I listened to Android fans lambast the iPhone's glass backing and lack of LTE connecitivty for two years. I don't think the irony here is lost on even the most dedicated of fanboys. And good luck getting a bumper case.
The Launch: Like, A Bummer, Man
The ordering experience could have been worse. You could have been double-charged. Or charged and not given an order. The website could have given you some sort of obscure 19th century disease. Well, maybe not. The point is, though, Google basically screwed up here on a massive level. It was in stock. Then it wasn't. Then it was. Then it wasn't. Repeat ad nauseam. And then, it was gone. Both models, sold out.
Eventually, the non-stop F5'ing got to the point that Google started directing people to T-Mobile to buy a Nexus 4, at a price above what Google was charging (in essence, given the contractual strings attached). T-Mobile sold out within hours. People wanted it that badly.
Many of those who actually got an order in on launch day then started receiving emails: "Whoops, it might be three weeks before we actually get the phone to you. Our bad, we oversold just a little bit." Oversold? How do you oversell in the era of online retail? How do you not know what your inventory is? That to me remains an utterly absurd excuse.
Then, someone over at XDA started to shed a little light on the situation - a UPS employee allegedly working at a major processing facility in Louisville, Kentucky. According to him, that processing center received 17,000 Nexus 4s, 10,000 of which were of the 16GB variety. Just 17,000 units for a major smartphone launch. It's possible Google had units elsewhere for the US launch, but I wouldn't bet on it - stuff like this is typically handled from one location for the sake of cost and efficiency. Edit: Probably not true after all.
Due to high demand, your order could not be processed. Please try again later. The Play Store's Greatest Hits, 2012
As of today, the Nexus 4 is back in stock (sort of), but good luck getting an order in. Google claims they haven't sold out of devices yet, and that's believable: we've been trying since noon to buy some and haven't gotten to the checkout screen once. I don't consider it "fun" to keep hitting F5 on a page in the hopes of getting a company to take my money, personally.
Oh, and if you want an 8GB Nexus 4, good luck getting it before Christmas.
6-7 weeks. Yes, really.
The Result: Your Cart Is Empty
Google, we all understand you're new to launching a smartphone that's actually going to be a little popular. But as one of the most robust web companies in the world, we do expect the experience of not being able to get one to at least be remotely definitive. I don't care if they sell out in five minutes - as long as they're actually sold out, and I can actually stop hammering your storefront with peace of mind that doing so any longer is actually crazy.
Chalk it up to unexpected demand, hurricanes, production bottlenecks, or a desire to do a true "multi-device" launch, the Nexus 4's debut has been a disaster. And even if Google isn't directly to blame, they still let it happen by releasing the Nexus 4 before the supply chain was ready, before the software was ready (arguably), and before even the store through which they are sold was ready. Google couldn't even be bothered to wait to do a proper announcement - even when doing so presented an absolutely golden opportunity to bide time and stock up on more units.
Hindsight is 20/20 and all that, but this goes well beyond an overlooked issue, or a single factor outside of anyone's control. This is a failure to launch on multiple levels.
For weeks, James T. Hodgkinson sat in the lobby of the YMCA in Alexandria, focused on their laptop and carrying a gym bag, but never working out. Their perch looked on to the field where the Republican baseball team had been practicing daily for about two months.
On Wednesday, one of the gym regulars said Hodgkinson was there again at 7 a.m. By 7:09, they had left the building and was firing dozens of rounds at the congressional team, wounding five people before being shot dead by police.
Law enforcement officials are piecing together why Hodgkinson left Belleville, Ill., for Virginia and said it was not clear whether the 66-year-old knew that the GOP team was scheduled to practice Wednesday. But in social media postings, Hodgkinson was highly critical of President Trump and other Republican leaders.
The FBI said Hodgkinson had arrived in Alexandria by March and was living out of a white cargo van.
As late as March 24, they were still in Belleville, where neighbors reported Hodgkinson to the police for firing 50 rounds from a hunting rifle into a stand of trees.
(Erin Patrick O'Connor/The Washington Post)
But by early April, Hodgkinson was seen drinking Budweiser and watching golf at a barbecue joint in the Del Ray neighborhood and sitting most nights on a bench near a Walgreens smoking or reading. At the Y, they had become a fixture who drew notice but not suspicions, appearing friendly to some and as a “sourpuss” or odd to others.
Hodgkinson left a trail of political rants against Republicans and the “super rich,” and they had adopted a photo of former presidential candidate Bernie Sanders as their Facebook cover image.
In the suburbs of St. Louis, where Hodgkinson had worked as a home inspector, they were described as politically angry and personally reserved. Over the past decade, they had periodic outbursts involving neighbors, and a daughter, that caused people to call in the police.
Hodgkinson was quick to share their political views online and in letters to their local newspaper. A Facebook page believed to be their features pictures of Sanders and anti-Trump rhetoric, including a recent post that reads: “Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It's Time to Destroy Trump & Co.”
The Republican lawmaker who represented Hodgkinson's home town said the man was “always angry” about the GOP agenda but “never crossed the line” in more than a dozen emails or phone calls to their office.
“Every issue that we were working on, they were not in support of,” Rep. Mike Bost (R-Ill.) said, noting that the communications were liberal-leaning but delivered “never with any threats, only anger.”
Dale Walsh, a friend of Hodgkinson's, said Wednesday that Hodgkinson was passionate about their beliefs but always appeared to be “in control.” Hodgkinson was “pretty well fed up” with the political situation, Walsh said, but the shooting was a shock.
(Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
“I guess I just want to let people know that he's not evil,” Walsh said outside Hodgkinson's home in Belleville. “I guess they were tired of some of the politics going on. Like in this state, we have politicians collecting a check and doing absolutely nothing for us.”
Charles Orear, 50, a restaurant manager from St. Louis, became friendly with Hodgkinson during their work together in Iowa on Sanders's 2016 campaign. Orear said Hodgkinson was a passionate progressive and showed no signs of violence or malice toward others.
“You've got to be kidding me,” Orear said when told by phone about the shooting.
Orear described Hodgkinson as a “quiet guy” who was “very mellow, very reserved” when they stayed overnight at the home of a Sanders supporter in Rock Island, Ill., after canvassing for the senator from Vermont.
“He was this union tradesman, pretty stocky, and we stayed up talking politics,” they said.
Robert Becker, who served as the Iowa director of the Sanders campaign, said Hodgkinson had no formal role on the campaign and that they could find no one who remembered him. Ahead of the caucuses, about 10,000 people volunteered for Sanders at varying points.
On the floor of the Senate on Wednesday, Sanders said, “I am sickened by this despicable act. Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society, and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms.”
[GOP baseball shooting: Lawmaker Steve Scalise wounded, one person in custody]
Law enforcement officials arrived at Hodgkinson's home in a rural community southeast of St. Louis shortly after 11:30 a.m. The rectangular clapboard farm house sits amid fields of young corn and budding soybeans.
Hodgkinson's home inspectors' license expired last November, according to public records, and their wife told neighbors in April that they were planning to retire, they said. Neighbors also said they had recently put their motorcycle up for sale.
Their wife, Suzanne, works as a receptionist at a local accounting office in Belleville, where employees declined to comment Wednesday, and said they had left for the day. It could not be determined whether their husband had been in touch with them recently.
Run-ins with the law
Over the years, Hodgkinson has had multiple scrapes with local police and disputes with neighbors, records show.
Police most recently encountered Hodgkinson on March 24, when the St. Clair County Sheriff's Department received a phone call reporting about 50 shots “in the pine trees” in a lightly populated area near Belleville.
The deputy who responded found that Hodgkinson had a valid firearm license and advised Hodgkinson “to not discharge their weapon in the area.” Hodgkinson apparently complied.
Federal agents are trying to track the purchase history of a rifle and a handgun involved in Wednesday's shooting.
In April 2006, police records show Hodgkinson went to a neighbor's house looking for their daughter and “used bodily force to damage” a wooden door upstairs. Witnesses said Hodgkinson forced their way into the home looking for their teenage daughter and grabbed them by the hair when they found them upstairs, according to a police narrative on file with St. Clair County Sheriff's Department.
Their daughter escaped and got into the neighbor's car, but Hodgkinson opened the door of the car, pulled out a pocket knife and cut off the seat belt they were wearing, records show. Hodgkinson's wife joined him, struggling to pull out their daughter, as Hodgkinson punched the neighbor who was in the driver's seat of the car in the face, witnesses told police.
Later, Joel Fernandez, the boyfriend of the woman who was punched, went to Hodgkinson's home to confront him. They said Hodgkinson “walked outside with a shotgun and aimed it at Fernandez face,” a complaint states. Hodgkinson struck Fernandez on the side of their face with the wooden stock of the shotgun and fired off one round as Fernandez ran away.
Police arrested Hodgkinson and their wife and charged them with domestic battery and aggravated discharge of a firearm, according to a narrative obtained by The Washington Post. Police also recovered a 12-gauge shotgun. The county clerk's online database shows the charges were later dismissed.
A few months later, police were called to an argument with a neighbor after Hodgkinson “accidentally struck their dog while it was sleeping in the roadway,” record show. Hodgkinson made multiple complaints about neighbors damaging their lawn by driving through it.
Hodgkinson studied at what is now called Southwestern Illinois College, the school confirmed. The college has no record of Hodgkinson receiving a degree. They also briefly attended Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville.
A Web page on Yelp indicates that Hodgkinson had been doing home inspections since 1994 and had 30 years of experience in construction and remodeling as a general contractor, and that they worked in Missouri and Illinois.
The local newspaper in Belleville published a 2012 picture of Hodgkinson protesting outside the U.S. post office building and holding a sign with the message “Tax the Rich.” The Belleville News-Democrat described Hodgkinson as part of a “99 percent” team that was bringing attention to the financial and political power of the top 1 percent of Americans.
Hodgkinson posted regularly on Facebook, as often as three or four times a week, typically linking to a cartoon or article that was critical of Republicans. In January 2015, they linked to a cartoon about Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the people they shot Wednesday, writing the headline, “Here's a Republican that should Lose Their Job, but they Gave Him a Raise.”
In a May 24 Facebook post, they urged their friends to sign a petition against the Nexus gas pipeline between Michigan and Ohio.
‘Who is this guy?'
At the YMCA in Alexandria, the regulars finally had a name to identify the stranger they had encountered almost daily at the building on East Monroe Avenue. The gym is across from the field where the GOP baseball team has practiced every day starting at 6 a.m., according to Rep. Roger Williams (R-Tex.).
Stephen Brennwald, an Alexandria resident and attorney, said Hodgkinson would routinely show up first thing in the morning, wearing long pants and looking at their laptop or staring out the window. “He never smiled, just had this sourpuss look.”
By last week, Brennwald said, they thought to themselves that the man in the lobby might be worth discussing with the staff: “I need to talk to someone and say, ‘Who is this guy? Why are they here?' ”
Former Alexandria mayor William D. Euille said they talked with Hodgkinson nearly every morning in recent weeks and even offered to help them find a job.
“He was a very friendly person,” Euille said. “Outside of myself and [the YMCA manager], I don't think they knew anyone else in town.”
Euille could not get to the YMCA Wednesday morning because of the police lockdown. They were told by the YMCA's manager that Hodgkinson had been at gym again before they headed toward the ballfield at about 7 a.m.
By then, Laura Russell, 34, was leaving the gym and within minutes was hiding behind a car to avoid gunfire.
She'd noticed a white van parked in front of the YMCA every morning for the past month in the “sweet spot” by the front door.
But on Wednesday when they arrived, they said it wasn't there.
“He was parked right up at a spot by third base. They were planning this.”
Kurt Shillinger and Eric Habert in Belleville, Ill., contributed to this report.
We're excited about the project of making giving more analytical, more intellectual, and overall more rational. At the same time, we have mixed feelings about the project of quantifying good accomplished: of converting the impacts of all gifts into “cost per life saved” or “cost per DALY” type figures that can then be directly compared to each other.
We believe that these two projects are too often confused. Many expect (or assume) GiveWell to make all its recommendations on the basis of “cost per unit of good” formulas, and it often seems that the rare people who want to be intellectual and rational about their giving are overly interested in explicit quantification.
It seems to us that attitudes toward giving are most often classified as “emotional/intuitive” or “rational/quantitative.” We think this framing is problematic on multiple fronts. We don't think that “rational” should be opposed to “emotional,” and we also don't think that the very real problems of “quantitative” should be used to tar all those who seek a “rational” approach.
We propose what we think is a better framing: distinguishing “passive,” “rational” and “quantified” decisionmaking. For each, we discuss both how this style of decisionmaking approaches a “normal” purchasing decision – buying a printer – and how it approaches giving.
Passive
Passive decisionmaking follows the path of the least resistance, favoring options that are salient and/or easy to choose.
A passive approach to buying a printer might involve buying the first printer that comes up in a search, or the first affordable printer that one sees in a store, or the printer suggested by a friend.
A passive approach to giving might involve supporting a charity that calls on the phone, or giving to a charity that a friend is fundraising for. It might also involve reacting directly to short-term emotional incentives: for example, a charity that tells a compelling story can induce immediate guilt/cognitive dissonance prior to a donation, and/or immediate emotional reward after a donation. Supporting such a charity can often be “easier” (in a short-term sense) than not supporting it.
We believe this describes the way most people choose charities to support.
Rational
Rational decisionmaking involves an effort to make the best possible choice (according to the decisionmaker's values) between all viable alternatives, given constraints on how much information is available and what resources are available to gather more information.
A rational approach to buying a printer might involve a process such as
Searching for “printer” on Amazon and using Amazon ranking, user reviews, and price as initial filters (e.g., making a list of printers that are within the price range and have strong user reviews).
Creating a document in which the different options can be viewed side by side in terms of a variety of metrics, such as printing speed, printing quality, desk footprint, etc.
Googling “printer,” searching for rankings and editorials, and entering noteworthy praise or criticism into the document.
Asking friends for comments on their experiences and entering those into the document as well, as warranted.
Looking at all the collected information, narrowing the field further based on particularly important criteria, perhaps creating some limited aggregated indices for comparison, and making a decision that considers – but does not commit to a formula regarding – the available information.
Talking to people about one's decision and reasoning and seeing whether one has missed any important considerations.
Of course, the amount of effort that is put in depends on how important the decision is (as well as on how much time the decisionmaker has available). In the case of a printer, the above process might or might not be overkill.
In our view, a process broadly similar to this is appropriate for choosing a charity to give to (or a cause to invest in), especially when giving a relatively large amount. We seek to:
Consider a wide range of possible options.
Narrow the field in successive stages, using the best heuristics we can come up with.
Use both internal and outward-facing discussion to identify key questions that might be both (a) important to our bottom line and (b) tractable to further investigation.
Investigate such questions and write up what we find.
Collect all of the information into one place and thoroughly discuss it (again, both internally and externally) before making a final decision.
This approach has clear differences with the “passive” approach, but the differences are not – in my view – about “heart vs. head.” In fact, if anything, I think the rational approach is more likely to be associated with strong emotion. People often try hardest to take a “rational” approach when making their most high-stakes, emotionally important decisions; the “passive” approach is more common for decisions that are considered inconsequential.
Quantified
Quantified decisionmaking (as defined for the purposes of this post) involves committing to a universal metric for comparing all options and then formally quantifying options in terms of this metric.
A quantified approach to buying a printer might involve
Developing a metric such as “Net present-value dollars gained” for judging printers.
For each printer, estimating things such as The expected time and convenience gained by being able to print things from home, and the present value of this time and convenience in dollars – including scenarios in which the alternative would be to print from a copy shop, scenarios in which the alternative would be to ask friends to print, and scenarios in which the alternative would be to refrain from printing a document and instead read it on the computer or rely on one's memory. The expected time lost to repairing or replacing the printer (a function of its reliability as estimated from reviews and friends' comments), again converted to present-value dollars. The monetary value of the desk space taken up by the printer.
Creating an estimate of each relevant parameter, sometimes informed by facts and sometimes mostly based on guesswork.
Calculating the “net present-value dollars gained” for each contending printer, making adjustments that come up on sanity checks, and purchasing the printer with the highest final score.
In our view, this approach is analogous to giving based purely on expected DALYs averted per dollar spent.
To be clear, we think this approach has some definite merits when applied to giving. We have found cost-effectiveness analysis to be highly valuable for the degree to which it brings implicit assumptions to the foreground. It often spurs debates that wouldn't have happened otherwise, and it may provide clarity into our thinking that couldn't be obtained in any other way. Perhaps it would accomplish similar things when applied to purchasing a printer. And this method is almost certain to be the best method when all of the relevant parameters can be estimated with high precision (this is not the case either with buying a printer or with giving to a charity, but may be the case for simpler and/or more technical questions.)
The weakness of this approach, in my view, is that it takes an enormous amount of effort to do well, and even when done well generally involves so much guesswork and uncertainty that it's questionable whether the results should influence one's prior beliefs. Valid, high-certainty information that should shift one's view (for example, “this printer takes up a lot of space”) can be lost in the noise of all the guesswork used to convert the information into a unified framework (for example, converting the space taken up into dollars gained).
When using a single unified equation, one mistake – or omitted parameter – can result in a completely wrong conclusion, even if much of the other analysis that was done is sound. The “rational” approach uses implicit model combination and adjustment, and is more likely to give a good answer even when not all of the inputs are reliable. It can also be more efficient in the sense of view-shifting information gained per person-hour spent.
Conclusion
GiveWell exists to promote rational giving as opposed to passive giving. It doesn't necessarily seek to promote quantified giving.
When rational and quantified giving are too strongly associated, rational giving suffers from the association. There are many legitimate criticisms of quantified giving that do not apply to rational giving, and future posts will advance some of these.
The primary purpose of this post was to draw as clear a distinction as we could. We don't want to see the important and exciting project of “rational giving” remain tied to the much more limited and less exciting project of “quantified giving.”
As the vampire flick *Twilight*tops the U.S. charts and opens in Britain, female viewers are swooning over the impossible romance between mortal and immortal. But many of their male companions will be pondering the age-old question: "Just what kind of hardware do I need to take down that sucker?"
Exactly how you kill a vampireis the subject of much learned debate. According to folklore it may require decapitation, burning, or the placing of communion wafer in the mouth. However, a wooden stake driven through the heart is favored in many Eastern European traditions.
Staking by hand is a perilous business, but maybe all you need are wooden bullets. Such bullets do exist, and were around during World War II. Here one soldier describes finding some German bullets:
I found the wooden bullets in this mat on the floor of the foxhole. The 7mm slug was bright purple made of some hardwood... [It] was designed to split into splinters and go in every direction as it passes through the body. It creates a wound that could not be operated on and left the man to slowly die of pain.
But in spite of many gruesome tales like this about both German and Japanese forces, the truth is rather different; the bullets were actually training rounds.
These days, wooden bullets are used for re-enactments using Gatling guns. While they could be used to shoot someone — much like the 5.56mm PVC training ammunition used by the Israelis as a less-lethal weapon for crowd control — they don't seem very effective. A load of splinters is no substitute for a stake, and you don't want to get this one wrong.
What you need is something a bit more solid, like the original baton rounds made of teak, used by the British in Hong Kong. (1958 or 1967, depending on which source you use.) A modern version, fired from a 40mm grenade launcher, spits out three wooden batons —
short cylinders like hockey pucks. Replace them with a single baton, sharpened to a point, and you have something that might do the job.
(Note: it might be smart to use a multishot grenade launcher like the six-round M32 MGL, as bloodsuckers are fast and might not let you reload if you miss with the first one.)
Or, if you want to go really high-tech, you might work with vampires' vulnerability to daylight. Some people assert that this is down to the ultraviolet content; in which case you might like a ultraviolet laser weapon, such as the Veiling Glare Laser I wrote about awhile back.
When ultraviolet light strikes it causes the lens to fluoresce, producing a glare right in your eyeball that makes it impossible to see anything. The idea was that it is safer than other lasers which go through to the retina, and it's impossible to see the direction of the laser. (The veiling glare laser has either been canceled or just become secret, it has not been heard of lately.)
Taking this idea even further was a project related to Nanohmic's electronic flash-bang grenade.
Rather than pyrotechnics, this uses LEDs to produce the flash — an early project involved using UV LEDs to create a veiling glare effects.
Unfortunately the power levels were not high enough. But it would still be quite a handy anti-vampire weapon.
On the other hand, if it's brightness, rather than UV, which makes sunshine deadly, then you could arm yourself with a Maxa Beam.
It's a handheld searchlight, popular with the military, which delivers an impressive 7.5 million candlepower. That should be enough to vaporize the undead from a few hundred meters away… turning twilight into daylight, so to speak.
Any other suggestions of useful military hardware for vampire-slaying are, as usual, welcome.
See also:
The first sponsorship deals for the Overwatch League will be technology giants Intel and HP Inc., Blizzard Entertainment announced on Thursday. As part of the partnership, Intel will sponsor future Overwatch competitive events in addition to its involvement with the Overwatch League. HP and Intel will provide the equipment for both the league and future events with the Omen by HP gaming PCs and displays powered by Intel Core i7 processors. Both will be multiyear agreements.
"We wanted to bring something new and exciting to a global label. What we want to gain out of this is a successful league and get more people excited about competitive esports in general," Josh Kocurek, global marketing management for gaming and esports for HP Inc. said. "For Omen, in particular, we have an amazing set of competitive hardcore products that we're excited for. The Overwatch League will be good to showcase our hard work for people that will appreciate it."
The inclusion of Intel and HP to the growing Overwatch League represents another step into an esports evolution. Pete Vlastelica, president and CEO of Blizzard's Major League Gaming division compared these partnerships to traditional sports leagues in that there's an ecosystem of partners and sponsors in place to grow and sustain it. For the Overwatch League to continue building its momentum, partnerships and sponsorships are necessary for extended growth and legitimacy. As for Intel and HP, the Overwatch League represent a great opportunity for exposure.
"Intel and HP Inc. are natural partners for us (Blizzard) in both cases as providers of hardware and technology to enable competitive gaming at the highest levels," Vlastelica said. "It was a natural fit for our players and fans when they learn that these three companies are together to launch the league. We think this is an opportunity for all three to get in early with a very exciting audience."
The global Overwatch League provides a unique opportunity to connect to local fans with its city-based team structure. With increased incentive to watch teams due to its location and affiliation, there is great potential for viewership.
The inaugural regular season of the Overwatch League will launch on January 10 in L.A. and will run until June with the playoffs beginning in July. Preseason play will begin on December 6, with exhibition matches that will feature the 12 teams in the league.
People of faith do not have a monopoly on virtue as British society was now "more diverse and secular", the Queen told the Church of England today in an address to its governing body.
Speaking at Church House, central London, they told members of General Synod that believers and atheists were equally able to contribute to the prosperity and wellbeing of the country.
The Queen, who is supreme governor of the Church of England, said: "In our more diverse and secular society, the place of religion has come to be a matter of lively discussion. It is rightly acknowledged that people of faith have no monopoly of virtue and that the wellbeing and prosperity of the nation depend on the contribution of individuals and groups of all faiths and none."
But, recalling the words of Pope Benedict XVI from their UK visit last September, they said churches "and the other great faith traditions" retained the potential to inspire "great enthusiasm, loyalty and a concern for the common good".
Around 480 clergy, laity and bishops are gathered in central London to debate and vote on issues and policies affecting the life of the church.
At times the meetings stray from the Church of England stereotype of sandal-wearing niceties, descending into acrimony and outright hostility, especially over contentious issues such as women bishops.
Around 50 traditionalist clergy and five bishops have announced their intention to convert to Roman Catholicism, following a Vatican initiative, because they are unhappy with the level of protection from female ministry offered in the draft legislation that permits the ordination of female bishops.
The Queen referred to this tension in their address, saying synod had "many issues to resolve" in order to remain "equipped for the effective pursuit of its mission and ministry", but that this difficulty might in fact revitalise the church.
"Some will no doubt involve difficult, even painful, choices. But Christian history suggests that times of growth and spiritual vigour have often coincided with periods of challenge and testing."
They made no mention of the royal wedding, which will be held at Westminster Abbey, the location of that morning's eucharist, but the subject was very much at the forefront of everyone's mind, not least because of the suspension of a Church of England bishop and synod member who made disparaging remarks about Prince William and Kate Middleton's engagement on their Facebook page.
Pete Broadbent, a suffragan in Willesden, said there ought to be a party in Calais "for all good republicans" to avoid the "nauseating tosh" surrounding the royal wedding. After criticising royalty for a history of broken marriages and a "corrupt and sexist" hereditary principle, they then went on to attack the "gutter press" for "persecuting" the royal family.
Yesterday Broadbent apologised for their remarks, calling them "deeply offensive". But it was too late and their diocesan superior, the bishop of London, asked them to withdraw from public ministry until further notice.
The public outcry – from clergy and politicians alike – over the Facebook posts may have prompted the archbishop of Canterbury to tell the Queen, to prolonged applause, that they spoke "on behalf of everyone here" in "expressing our delight" at the "family news announced last week".
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— Senate Democrats on Wednesday filed a "clean bill" to repeal House Bill 2, the controversial measure dealing with LGBT rights and the use of bathrooms by transgender individuals.
"This should be a top priority, and it really shouldn't be a lot of work," Sen. Jeff Jackson, D-Mecklenburg, said. "It's obvious we need to repeal HB2. If we do, it'll be the biggest economic development deal of the year."
Sens. Angela Bryant, D-Nash, Floyd McKissick, D-Durham, and Joyce Waddell, D-Mecklenburg, are also primary sponsors of the measure.
Although Jackson did their best to exude optimism after filing the bill, in reality, it faces an uphill battle in the General Assembly. A December effort to repeal the measure ultimately collapsed amid accusations and counter accusations, and top Republican leaders say that any repeal effort this year would likely involve a compromise of some sort.
"I think it's possible for there to be some arrangement to address that issue. I think it's going to take compromise on both sides," Senate President Pro Tem Phil Berger said last week.
A compromise would likely involve a cooling-off period during which the law would be repealed but no local government could move forward with its own LGBT protections. Democrats, including Jackson, voted down such a deal in December, a fact that Berger pointed to as a sticking point. It was unlikely, they said, that lawmakers would get the sort of clean bill Jackson is seeking.
"I think, under the circumstances that we have now, what we're going to have to see is some willingness on all sides to compromise to get the point where we've got a resolution there," Berger said.
Berger pointed out that Democrats voted in a block against repealing HB2 in December. Democrats say they voted that bill down because it was attached to a moratorium that would have blunted the repeal's impact.
Gov. Roy Cooper has repeatedly called on lawmakers to repeal House Bill 2 and repeated on Wednesday that the votes exist to pass an unfettered repeal bill.
"I think there is a growing urgency in the legislature to know that we've got to do this. I still believe that there are the votes on the floor of the House and the Senate to repeal this law if it can ever get there," Cooper said.
Newswise — WASHINGTON D.C., March 18, 2014 -- A powerful, new three-dimensional model provides fresh insight into the turbulent death throes of supernovas, whose final explosions outshine entire galaxies and populate the universe with elements that make life on Earth possible.
The model is the first to represent the start of a supernova collapse in three dimensions, said its developer, W. David Arnett, Regents Professor of Astrophysics at the University of Arizona, who developed the model with Casey Meakin and Nathan Smith at Arizona and Maxime Viallet of the Max-Planck Institut fur Astrophysik.
Described in the journal AIP Advances, it shows how the turbulent mixing of elements inside stars causes them to expand, contract, and spit out matter before they finally detonate.
Arnett, a pioneer in building models of physical processes inside stars, traces their fascination with turbulence to 1987A, the first supernova of 1987. Located in a nearby galaxy, it was bright enough to see with the naked eye.
The star puzzled astronomers, Arnett recalled, because the material ejected by its explosion appeared to mix with material previously ejected from the star. Existing models could not explain that.
What the Previous Models Showed
Instead, the existing models envisioned a star as a series of concentric circles, with heavier elements like iron and silicon in the center and lighter elements like carbon, helium and oxygen towards the surface. The heavier elements exert a powerful gravitational pull on the lighter elements. This compacts the star, increasing pressures and driving temperatures high enough to create neutrinos.
As neutrinos go shooting out of the star, they take energy with them. Ordinarily, taking energy from a hot body would cool it. In this case, the lost energy reduces the ability of the lighter gases to fight the core's gravitational pull. Instead of cooling down, the star contracts further.
"It heats up and burns faster, making more neutrinos and speeding up the process until you have a runaway situation," Arnett said.
Scientists reached these conclusions by analyzing light and radioactivity from supernovas, then creating models of physical processes that yield similar results.
The resulting models are very large and complex. Researchers must simplify them in order to run them on supercomputers. They do this by limiting their models of flow to one or perhaps two dimensions, and making assumptions about how flow in other dimensions might behave. This generally leads to models that show one process smoothly blending into one another.
How the New Model Differs
Arnett's 3-D models show something entirely different: a wild, turbulent interior that spits out star remnants prior to the final explosion, much the way rapidly heating a pot causes water to boil over the edge.
"We still have the concentric circles, with the heaviest elements in the middle and the lightest elements on top, but it is if someone put a paddle in there and mixed it around. As we approach the explosion, we get flows that mix the materials together, causing the star to flop around and spit out material until we get an explosion," Arnett said.
"That's what see in supernova remnants," they added, referring to the ring of heavy and light elements that form nebulas around stars that went supernova. "We see those ejections of star material, and how they mix with material expelled from the star during its final explosion. Other models cannot explain this," they said.
Arnett's model is based on better data and faster, more powerful computers.
"It would have taken 40 years to run these models on the supercomputers I used in the 1970s. They were feeble compared with my smartphone," Arnett says.
Researchers also needed more data. Supernovas are extremely rare and difficult to find. Over the past decade, however, smaller observatories like the Katzman Automatic Imaging Telescope (KAIT) and Palomar Transient Factory, have been using sophisticated electronics to sweep the sky, looking for minuscule changes in brightness that might indicate a supernova.
When they find them, researchers turn larger telescopes on them to gather more detailed information. The data has produced a new understanding of how some stars die.
"Instead of going gently into that dark night, it is fighting. It is sputtering and spitting off material. This can take a year or two. There are small precursor events, several peaks, and then the big explosion.
"Perhaps we need is a more sophisticated notion of what an explosion is to explain what we are seeing," Arnett concludes.
The article, "Chaos and turbulent nucleosynthesis prior to a supernova explosion" by David Arnett, Casey Meakin and Maxime Viallet appears in the journal AIP Advances (DOI: 10.1063/1.4867384). The article will be published online on March 18, 2014. After that date, it will be available at: http://dx.doi.org/10.1063/1.4867384
ABOUT THE JOURNALAIP Advances is a fully open access, online-only, community-led journal. It covers all areas of applied physical science. With its advanced web 2.0 functionality, the journal puts relevant content and discussion tools in the hands of the community to shape the direction of the physical sciences. See: http://aipadvances.aip.org
###
Mixed martial arts events will soon be legal in Saskatchewan, and the Ultimate Fighting Championship says that's good for athletes.
The government is setting up an athletics commission that will have the authority to sanction professional combative sports, including MMA.
"A provincial athletics commission will help ensure the safety of everyone involved in professional combative sport competitions," Saskatchewan Sport Minister Kevin Doherty said Wednesday.
Story continues below advertisement
The move comes after the House of Commons passed a bill in June legalizing contact sports such as MMA.
The legislation makes professional boxing and MMA contests legal in Canada when they have the authorization of a provincial athletics commission.
Only boxing was allowed under the old prize-fighting law, leaving combat sports, including taekwondo, karate and MMA in legal limbo.
Tom Wright, director of UFC operations in Canada, Australia and New Zealand, says it means athletes won't have to move for their sport. Wright points out that MMA fighter Mitch Clarke is from Saskatchewan, but trains in Edmonton because they couldn't compete professionally in their home province.
Wright also says having legal fights makes it safer for athletes.
"That's the cornerstone of protecting the health and safety of our athletes is to make sure that the sport is properly regulated. Now that an athletic commission is going to be set up in Saskatchewan, that will be the case for all organizations that want to hold a mixed martial arts competition," Wright said in a phone interview from Vancouver.
"Particularly for ourselves, it paves the way for us to be able to bring the UFC to Saskatchewan."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Wright says there is no timeline yet on when that might happen.
Steps are underway to have the commission in Saskatchewan running by next summer.
The commission will be responsible for tracking competitors' fighting history and ensure safety protocols are enforced.
The Saskatchewan Martial Arts Association will sanction and oversee amateur combative sports including mixed martial arts, kickboxing, modified Muay Thai and full-contact karate. The association said in a news release that it will immediately start sanctioning amateur combative sporting events.
"By regulating amateur competitions, we help eliminate unsanctioned fights that put athletes at risk," said association president Tim Oehler.
MMA is currently sanctioned at a provincial level in British Columbia, Manitoba, Nova Scotia, Ontario and Quebec, while it has been sanctioned on a municipal level within Alberta, New Brunswick and the Northwest Territories.
Story continues below advertisement
The UFC has held 14 shows to date in Canada, with cards in Calgary, Montreal, Toronto, Winnipeg and Vancouver.
Wright has said the UFC will hold a show in Halifax within the next couple of years.
The San Diego Chargers Defense have their hands full this Sunday with QB Matthew Stafford and the WR tandem of Calvin Johnson and Golden Tate coming to town. #DefenseIsBoring, so I'll leave that headache for one of our other talented writers to cover. I'm here to take a look at how San Diego's Offense can attack Detroit's Sound and Sturdy front.
2014 Lions Defensive Stats:
Turnover Ratio: +7
Sacks: 42 (Ezekiel Ansah: 7.5)
Interceptions: 20 (Glover Quin: 7)
Rushing Defense: 69.3 (ranked No. 1)
Passing Defense: 231 per game
Overall: 3rd
Healthy Lineup for Lions Pictured. LB DeAndre Levy is out for the contest versus San Diego.
Detroit only allowed 69.3 rushing yards a game last year (No.1) and had an overall top 5 defense.
That was 2014 though.
They lost a lot of talent up front with Ndamukong Suh going to Miami and Nick Fairley in St. Louis. So, looking at 2014 tape is something I didn't want to do. I needed to get a feel for what these Lions' Defense is doing in the now, so I took a peek at a few drives Jacksonville's offense had in Preseason Week 3 and had the pen and pad ready...
Where are the running lanes?
Not in the middle, that's for sure.
Detroit's defense only allowed 69.3 rushing yards per game last year. This article had some interesting stats. It stated that Detroit was top eight in the league, in runs defended to any side. Which is damn good. What interested me though, was the success teams had running off guard to the right. Teams hit for damn near 4.5 yards a pop heading that direction. With DJ Fluker now at RG and the center oft left uncovered, I'm optimistic San Diego can get some production here.
The players on the interior of the Lions' defense shed blocks really well and are gap sound. They are hard to move in there. The defensive ends are well coached in the run game as well. The Jags ran some unbalanced stretch looks but the DEs beat the tight ends up and box outside runs in as well as anyone. And the linebackers just feast.
In that preseason game, Jacksonville was very vanilla in the way they decided to attack the middle of the defense. Very few power looks, very few influence plays. It was mostly, quick-hitting dive plays right at the heart of the defense. You can't do this. Diversity. Diversity. Diversity.
Jacksonville's first team offense was on the field until the third quarter. In that time, I counted 10 runs in between the guards for a whopping 14 yards. Nothing happening in there.
Can those free flowing backers defend the entire field?
I bring this to your attention because Jacksonville did some things that I liked as far as stretching the Lions' linebackers out and softening the box. A lot of the formations they used in this game resemble what San Diego does in their offense (WR Stacks, Dual TE stacks, 3x1 sets). Some of their most profitable plays came when they released five players out on route, which something San Diego utilizes with Danny Woodhead in the ballgame. Pictured are a few plays diagrammed for you to see exactly what was run against Detroit's even front.
If Ladarius wasn't concussed, this is their play.
In San Diego's 3x1 sets, there is usually a stud at the 3WR spot (Allen, Green or Johnson) and they will find themselves matched up with Tulloch. Lions do not want these problems.
Hard Play Action
Jacksonville wasn't successful running the ball from a yardage standpoint but they ran it enough to keep the linebackers honest and snug to line of scrimmage. Reich should apply this theory and not get discouraged early.
These Detroit backers are sound in their assignments. It's impressive. They get downhill right away and wrap up once they've located who has the ball. Thing is, at times, they're flying too fast. You have to use their momentum and pursuit against them and Jacksonville did here.
In order to get in this position, Jacksonville had run two dive plays prior to this. Both only got about 1-2 yards and the last one featured a penalty that backed them up to the 13 with goal to go.
Conventional thinking is to get half of the yardage at this point. So to a defensive player, the call should be a run or short pass to make third down more manageable. The Jaguars OC dials up a Pop Pass off of Power Action. Jags WR Allen Hurns is motioned into a reduced split to further sell the run. A solid design.
Blake Bortles bends and sells the Power well and pops up to throw. At that time, there are about 5 Lions' defenders that realize they are in trouble. Hurns slips right into the space the safeties have voided. Mathis is playing outside leverage meaning he's expecting help inside and it just isn't there - that help is on its way to tackle the tailback. Jags get 6 on the board.
Looking forward to the plan Frank Reich has for this defense and I'll see you next week as we attempt to find ways to attack the Bengals' Defense.
China is “gravely concerned and indignant” over Japan's plans to step patrols in the South China Sea.
In a regular scheduled press conference on Friday, Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson, Hong Lei, warned Japan to stay out of the South China Sea dispute.
“The Chinese side is gravely concerned and indignant about the negative moves of the Japanese side. We have lodged multiple solemn representations with Japan,” Hong stated .
They went on to say:
Japan is not a party concerned to the South China Sea issue. Recently it has behaved in an abnormal way, deliberately thrust a hand in the South China Sea issue, driven a wedge among regional countries and maliciously created tensions in the South China Sea. Japan's moves do no good to solve the South China Sea disputes, or safeguard peace and stability of the South China Sea. It also severely damages the political and security mutual trust between China and Japan, and runs counter to the momentum of improving bilateral relations. We once again urge the Japanese side to abide by its commitment of not taking sides on the South China Sea disputes, put an immediate end to the hyping up of the South China Sea issue and groundless accusations against China, stop provoking conflicts among different parties for self-serving interests, genuinely maintain the momentum of improving Sino-Japanese relations and respect the efforts by China and ASEAN countries to safeguard peace and stability of the South China Sea.
The spokesperson's comments come on the heels of Japan's Maritime Self-Defense Forces announcing it will hold a joint military exercise with the Philippines in the South China Sea later this month.
“We will announce the details such as the schedule and assets we will send as soon as the plan is fixed,” Tomohisa Takei, chief of staff for the Maritime Self-Defense Force, told Japanese reporters earlier this week. Nonetheless, Japanese media outlets have reported that Tokyo will dispatch a P3-C Orion patrol aircraft for the exercise.
Last month, Japan sent two destroyers to the South China Sea to hold a one-day exercise with the Philippines, which reportedly had one of its newest warships participate. That exercise took place just 300 kilometers away from the Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines in 2011.
(Recommended: Could America and China Go To War in the South China Sea? )
The United States strongly backs Japan's participation in the South China Sea, and in fact has reportedly proposed joint U.S.-Japanese patrols in the area.
In an interview with Reuters earlier this year , Admiral Robert Thomas, America's top naval officer in the Western Pacific, said that "I think that JSDF (Japan Maritime Self Defense Forces) operations in the South China Sea makes sense in the future.” Thomas noted that Chinese capabilities in the region currently outmatch those of its neighbors, and therefore Southeast Asian nations see Japan as a stabilizing force.
(Recommended: 5 Chinese Weapons of War Japan Should Fear )
The United States has also increased its calls for China to stop its reclamation projects in the South China Sea.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is currently trying to pass legislation that would give the JSDF the right to engage in “collective self-defense.” This would significantly reduce the legal barriers inhibiting Japan's ability to play a military role in the South China Sea dispute.
Yesterday, the Supreme Court announced it would hear a free speech case, NIFLA v. Becerra, involving the state of California and “crisis pregnancy centers” (a.k.a. anti-abortion clinics). As it stands, the state requires CPCs to inform patients that abortions are “free or low-cost” for anyone eligible. Also, if the CPCs don't have a medical license, the state makes them to say so. Reciting those facts shouldn't be a burden on anyone, but it's hard to spread lies about abortion — or keep important information away from women — when the state forces you to tell them certain truths.
The National Institute of Family and Life Advocates (represented several CPCs) says this is a violation of the group's free speech rights: Why should they be forced to spread the government's views about abortion to patients?
They initially said the law also violated their religious rights, but the Supreme Court said it would only be discussing and ruling on the free speech aspect of the case when it hears the case.
But there's a beautiful irony here.
If the Supreme Court upholds earlier decisions in favor of California's laws, then that's wonderful. No big deal. However, if the Court strikes down the law, which sounds bad for supporters of abortion rights, the consequences may be more devastating for the Religious Right.
Dahlia Lithwick and Mark Joseph Stern explain the situation at Slate:
Eighteen states have passed laws compelling abortion providers to “counsel” their patients with false anti-abortion propaganda. Five states require doctors to tell patients that there is a link between abortion and breast cancer. (There isn't.) Thirteen force doctors to inform patients that pre-viable fetuses can feel pain. (They can't.) Eight order doctors to warn patients that women who terminate their pregnancies often have serious long-term negative mental health consequences. (They don't.) South Dakota directs doctors to tell patients that abortion increases their risk of suicide. (It doesn't.) … If California cannot legally compel CPCs to provide basic information about actual family planning services and disclose their lack of a medical license, it is difficult to see how other states can continue to force abortion providers to express discredited anti-abortion misinformation. A First Amendment rule that prohibits the government from compelling CPCs to post truthful disclosures would surely bar the government from compelling real doctors to spout biased pseudoscience. Thus, if the Supreme Court rules against California in this case, it seems likely to espouse a constitutional principle that would ultimately — if applied consistently — invalidate dozens of anti-abortion regulations for infringing upon doctors' freedom of speech.
It wouldn't be the first time a conservative victory actually does more good for the other side… if that's how this plays out. Remember that the Court voted to allow sectarian invocations at city council meetings in Greece v. Galloway, but that opened the door to more atheists and Satanists making their voices heard. It was also Christians who lobbied for the Equal Access Act, which Ronald Reagan signed into law in 1984, so that Bible clubs could form at public high schools. But that opened the door to Gay Straight Alliances and Secular Student Alliance groups.
The Right made a mistake in bringing this case to the Court at all. We'll see how it plays out.
But remember what this is all about: Anti-abortion groups think they have First Amendment rights to lie or mislead women about the reproductive options available to them… and California said no. The Right doesn't deserve a victory here. At least if they win, though, there's a chance it could all blow up in their faces.
(Image via Shutterstock)
The England-born actor also appeared in several Hammer horror films and said Vivien Leigh was their godmother.
Suzanna Leigh, who co-starred with Elvis Presley in the 1966 musical comedy Paradise, Hawaiian Style, has died. They were 72.
Them daughter, actor Natalia Leigh, announced their death Monday in a Facebook post.
"My warrior and my heart died at 5:30PM, on their terms," Natalia wrote. "It was time for JESUS to take them home. The world will forever be a little less light and magical. And my life has now and will be forever changed. I personally died a little today as they were my everything and I will never be the same."
Them agent, Melanie Novy, said that they died in Winter Garden, Florida.
Leigh had been fighting Stage 4 liver cancer since September 2016, and a GoFundMe page had been set up in their name to assist with medical expenses.
In contrast to the colorful Presley film, Leigh worked in several Hammer horror productions, including The Lost Continent (1968) as a passenger on an ill-fated voyage besieged by carnivorous seaweed, an octopus, a shark and pirates.
In 1971, they appeared in the R-rated Lust for a Vampire, a rushed sequel to director Roy Ward Baker's The Vampire Lovers. The title vampire was played by Danish actor Yutte Stensgaard. Leigh portrayed a gym teacher puzzled as to why their students kept disappearing.
Other roles were as a flight attendantess in Boeing Boeing (1965), a pop singer recovering from exhaustion on an island infested with killer insects in The Deadly Bees (1966) and a journalist in The Fiend (1972). They also appeared in the musical comedy Son of Dracula (1974) opposite Harry Nilsson and Ringo Starr.
In Paradise, Hawaiian Style, Presley romances Judy Hudson, played by Leigh, and along the way sings nine new songs, including "Scratch My Back (Then I'll Scratch Yours)," "A Dog's Life" and "Queenie Wahine's Papaya."
"Elvis and I were both under contract to Hal Wallis, who was known as the star maker," Leigh once recalled. "I remember the day that Hal said that I would be making my next movie with Elvis. I was an incredible fan of his, and then they said you'll be filming it in Hawaii. Wow. Elvis was a fabulous actor, very underrated by a lot of the conventional theater people."
They were born Sandra Eileen Anne Smyth in Berkshire, England, in 1945. When they were 11, they took the surname of Leigh after their father told them that actor Vivien Leigh was their godmother. "She said they had known my father, though they had been to hundreds of christenings and didn't remember mine. It was about 15 years after she'd done Gone With the Wind, and they were stunning, beautiful and slender with dark hair. They said they didn't mind a bit if I used their name," they told The Independent in 1999.
Leigh was the star of the 13-episode French TV series Trois étoiles en Touraine (1966). In later life, they settled in Memphis, Tennessee, organizing Elvis-themed events and charities.
In 2000, Leigh published their memoir, Paradise, Suzanna Style.
Home | Releases | Documentation | Support | Ordering Info
Portions of this site are currently under construction.
Please bear with us; there are new and exciting changes afoot.
Welcome to Specware
What is Specware?
Specware is a software engineering tool that automatically generates high-assurance software.
Specware is a leading-edge automated software development system that allows users to precisely specify the desired functionality of their applications and to generate provably correct code based on these requirements. At the core of the design process in Specware lies stepwise refinement, in which users begin with a simple, abstract model of their problem and iteratively refine this model until it uniquely and concretely describes their application.
Specware is...
a design tool , because it can represent and manipulate designs for complex systems
, because it can represent and manipulate designs for complex systems a (higher order) logic , because it can describe concepts in a formal language with rules of deduction
, because it can describe concepts in a formal language with rules of deduction a specification language , for expressing functional programs as well as safety and security constraints
, for expressing functional programs as well as safety and security constraints a transformation system and library , for deriving high assurance software
, for deriving high assurance software a database, because it can store and manipulate collections of concepts, facts, and relationships
Specware can...
be used to develop domain theories
be used to develop code from specifications, with machine-checkable proofs of correctness
be used to develop specifications from code
Specware has been used for...
WINNIPEG — Thousands of shoppers walked through the doors of Winnipeg's new outlet mall for the grand opening Wednesday morning.
Outlet Collection Winnipeg opened its doors to the public at 10 a.m.
At 8 a.m., more than 100 people were lined up outside the doors on the corner of Kenaston Boulevard and Sterling Lyon Parkway. That number reached to around 2,000 around 9:30 a.m.
READ MORE: Winnipeg outlet mall starting to take shape for grand opening
Some customers even stood in line as early as midnight (with sleeping bags) hoping to get the first glimpse of the outlet mall.
WATCH: People wait in line all night for grand opening
The line is growing.. doors to the new @oc_winnipeg open in just over two hours. I guess we spoiled a secret this morning. #sickday pic.twitter.com/oUXdeBT4ND — Shelden Rogers (@SheldenGlobal) May 3, 2017
The 400,000 square foot mall has room for 100 retailers, currently 92 spaces are full, including 15 restaurants and coffee shops who are moving in their products this week.
“We are extremely excited to finally open our doors today, it's been many years in the making,” Pascal Rocher, marketing and tourism manager. said.
WATCH: Global's SkyView1 shows the massive line up wrapping around the mall Wednesday morning as shoppers eagerly anticipated the grand opening
“We have 100 retailers in here, and 28 are new to market, some of the big ones are Saks OFF 5TH, DSW, Designer Shoe Warehouse, Old Navy Outlet and other larger ones i think many people will be excited about.”
There are more than 2,300 parking spots, bike trails nearby and a bus stop just outside the west doors.
by
It's a rare day when Dick Cheney and Lindsay Graham are in agreement with Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton, but Donald Trump's calls to ban Muslim entry into the United States are so absurd and outrageous that they have people on both sides of the aisle railing against him.
In Trump's simplistic, uninformed world view, the constitutional questions of a religious test to enter the United States are of no concern. Neither are details of how one would determine who's a Muslim. Would Trump call for Caucasian or Christian males like themselves be barred from theaters, schools, or political gatherings since the majority of mass shooters share their ethnicity or religion?
Ignorant of the thousands of applicants whose visas are denied, revoked, cancelled, or stuck in interminable security checks every day, Trump's proposed solution accepts the radical's narrative of religion, exposes their ignorance on the laws and processes of this country, and poses an even greater threat to national security than the national security problems they purport to solve. This latest proposal is much the same as their “solution” for immigration reform in general: build a wall.
The reality is comprehensive inter-agency counter-terrorism screening has been a part of the process for admission of foreign nationals since before 9/11. Since then, the visa issuance process has become vastly more complex. Applicants are screened regardless of the type of visa they apply for, be it as a student, tourist, worker, artist, or under the Visa Waiver Program, or as a permanent resident.
If a case is flagged for review based on law enforcement or intelligence, State Department regulations require a Security Advisory Opinion, or SAO, to be obtained before the foreign national can receive a visa to enter the United States. The foreign national is run through as many as seven different interconnected government databases. Other federal agencies, including the FBI, CIA, and the NSA are constantly consulted to update visa issuance procedures. The data in these databases is also dynamic, and can be updated quickly in response to new intelligence.
Counter-terrorism screening works, and it happens every day for every type of visa. The refugee screening process is even more exhaustive. It can take 18 – 24 months and it takes longer to screen refugees because they usually don't have documents with them.
A “security check” isn't some pro forma review done for appearance's sake, but is instead a thorough screening to determine whether this person will be allowed into the United States. They are performed by government agents who take their job very seriously. Trump's ignorant rhetoric is a slap in the face of these dedicated public servants.
Many politicians are questioning “fiancee” visa procedures, or the Visa Waiver Program. This is also a misguided inquiry. The issue is counter-terrorism screening, not the particular visa process. And counter-terrorism screening already happens for all visas. While no system is perfect, shutting the whole thing down actually enhances the threat to America. Do Trump & Co. really think the complex security check process run and maintained by experienced officials would have been established if it had been easier to just stop immigration?
Perhaps more importantly is the fact that Trump's proposal only feeds into the problem that they are trying to address. National security specialist Benjamin Wittes noted that rejecting refugees, particularly on the basis of their religion or national origin, actually presents ISIS and other extremist groups fodder for their narrative of an apocalyptic clash of civilizations between Islam and the West. ISIS profits from Trump rhetoric. Moreover, such a call would break up families, hinder business and effectively build a wall from the rest of the world.
Terrorism has multiple causes. Pretending it can be stopped by banning Muslim entry is a fantasy soundbyte made to get ratings. But there are real lives at stake here. This is not the time for a knee-jerk reaction.
A robust background check system – which we already have – must be considered as one part of a broader national security strategy. Rejecting xenophobia in favor of actually countering ISIS isn't just the right thing to do – it's also the safer one
Originally published Wednesday, November 28, 2012 at 4:35 PM
Costco will spend $3 billion to pay a special dividend of $7 a share next month ahead of higher tax rates that may kick in come January.
The Issaquah-based company joins a growing number of U.S. companies, from Wynn Resorts to Tyson Foods, that are announcing special dividends at four times the pace of last year ahead of pending tax increases in 2013. The rate on dividends, which was reduced to 15 percent during the George W. Bush administration, is set to go up as President Obama and Congress work to draw more revenue from top earners.
The $7-a-share payment reflects the company's “strong balance sheet and favorable access to the credit markets,” Chief Financial Officer Richard Galanti said Wednesday as Costco reported a 10 percent increase in first-quarter sales.
The special dividend will be paid Dec. 18 and is in addition to the regular quarterly cash dividend of 27.5 cents a share declared on Oct. 30, Costco said.
“It's a tangible way of rewarding shareholders that avoids the lottery of a share buyback,” said Bryan Roberts, an analyst at Kantar Retail in London. “They've amassed significant cash reserves, partly due to their success. They have been one of the most successful retailers in the past 20 years.”
Among the biggest beneficiaries of Costco's special dividend will be co-founders Jim Sinegal and Jeffrey Brotman, and Chief Executive Officer Craig Jelinek.
Sinegal, who retired as Costco's CEO at the end of 2011 but remains on the board, and various related entities together own more than 2 million Costco shares, according to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Their payout from the special dividend will be about $14.4 million.
Brotman, Costco's chairperson, and various family members and related entities together own 734,834 shares, making the special dividend worth $5.1 million to him. Jelinek owns 197,142 shares and will receive $1.4 million.
Though Costco had more than $3.5 billion in cash and equivalents as of Sept. 2, it plans to pay for the special dividend by issuing new debt. It sold $3.5 billion of debt Wednesday, its first offering in almost six years
Costco has a conservative capital structure for a company its size: less than $1.4 billion in long-term debt and a debt-equity ratio of 11.0. Some analysts have called the company underleveraged, passing up opportunities to borrow cheaply while hoarding cash instead of distributing it to shareholders.
Costco also said Wednesday that its November revenue climbed nearly 9 percent to $8.15 billion. Revenue from stores open at least a year rose 6 percent.
Seattle Times business reporter Drew DeSilver and Bloomberg News contributed to this report.
Morning Joe, recording from Alabama on Tuesday, dedicated an entire segment to react with fury to President Donald Trump's latest tweet — which made some pretty sickening insinuations about Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, who called on them to resign this week amidst sexual misconduct allegations.
“Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump,” the president tweeted.
Morning Joe's Mika Brzezinski kicked off the reaction with a furious monologue, and even called on Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders to take action:
I just want to say something, beyond the fact that is reprehensible that the President of the United States would say something so derogatory and disgusting about a woman. We're not surprised Mr. President, you do it all the time. You treat women terribly, and you treat the women around you even worse. You treat women like punching bags because it's fun for you because you are intimidated by women. That's your problem, okay. But to the people who work for you, you need to act. Sarah Huckabee Sanders: good luck today in the briefing. Don't lie. And do not defend the President of the United States for what they did. If you do, you have no — you should resign.
MSNBC's Elise Jordan was equally angered by the president's tweet.
“It just makes my blood boil, it makes my blood boil,” they said, before noting that though Kirsten Gillibrand is not a Republican like her, “she is a class act, a brilliant woman, they have had a great career, she's an inspiration.”
“It's so gross and beneath the office,” they said.
Katty Kay pointed out that the president's tweets are meant to provoke a reaction, noting the implication in Trump's tweet is “obscene.”
“But they like the fact that this then creates a firestorm — that's what is sick about it,” they noted.
Later in the segment, Brzezinski addressed those working in the Trump White House:
But everybody else, working around the president, if your day is not consumed by getting them to take down that tweet, please leave. You are worth nothing. You don't care about this country. You don't care about women, and you will support a man who does something like that. Read that tweet. Read what they put in parentheses and decide what you're going do do at work today. If it's anything less than making them take down that tweet or quitting, I feel sorry for you.
“Let's just say it,” an emotional Brzezinski exclaimed, “he's suggesting that Kirsten Gillibrand would have sex with them in order to get campaign contributions, the president actually tweeted that this morning.”
“That's delusional by the way!” Jordan added.
Brzezinski called on Ivanka Trump to “finally stand up for what is right, since their father just literally sexually harassed in a cruel way, a woman on Twitter,” and later again called on Sanders to call out Trump or resign.
At the end of the segment, Brzezinski concluded that the three women on the Morning Joe panel were “shaking in anger,” and that the tweet “said so much about [Trump's] character.”
“That tweet was one of the worst things I've seen so far in this presidency.”
Watch above, via MSNBC.
[image via screengrab]
—
Follow Aidan McLaughlin (@aidnmclaughlin) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Eighteen players have played or currently play for USA Hockey's National Team Development Program located in Plymouth, Michigan, which competes in the United States Hockey League. Meanwhile, a total of 35 players have skated in a CCM/USA Hockey All-American Prospects Game.
Seven players with U.S. ties were given a first-round prospect grade, including 5th-ranked Casey Mittelstadt (USHL, NCAA^, USHS, AAPG), 7th-ranked Eeli Tolvanen (USHL, NCAA^), 10th-ranked Cale Makar (NCAA^), 13th-ranked Shane Bowers (USHL, NCAA^), 14th-ranked Ryan Poehling (USHL, NCAA), 17th-ranked Kailer Yamamoto (AAPG) and 30th-ranked Grant Mismash (USHL, NCAA^, AAPG).
Of the 31 goaltenders ranked, 15 have U.S. ties, including four of the top five. Keith Petruzzelli (USHL, NCAA^, AAPG) tops the list, Jake Oettinger (USHL, NCAA, AAPG) ranks third, Cayden Primeau (USHL, NCAA^, AAPG) is fourth and Maksim Zhukov (USHL, NCAA^) sits fifth.
To view the full NHL Central Scouting list, click here.
* includes 17 players who are uncommitted but eligible to play collegiate hockey
^ designates NCAA commitment
Interest in Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein picked up in the days following Bernie Sanders' endorsement of Hillary Clinton. (Gage Skidmore / CC BY-SA 2.0)
If Bernie Sanders sounded one of the very few authentic notes in recent U.S. politics, it was in their call for political revolution. We need a political revolution not just against Donald Trump but also against the repulsively corrupt likes of Hillary Clinton. Because of the former secretary of state's veiled but solid-as-granite lackey service to the 1 percent, they are probably just as responsible for sustaining Trump's thuggish, scapegoating brand of populism as is the real estate mogul himself.
As the most unpopular pair of presidential candidates in U.S. history, Clinton and Trump are perfect foils. Clinton provokes the blind, unfocused resentment and rage that engenders support for Trump, sneakily thwarting the healthy, legitimate aspirations of most of the people by pretending those aspirations are — for reasons too complex for us brainless peons to understand — simply unachievable. Trump plays the ogre all too effectively — offering simplistic fixes and scapegoating minorities and women.  They are the Republican best-suited to draw fear-based voters to a candidate as all-around loathsome as Hillary Clinton.
WATCH: Truthdig Sits Down With the Green Party's Jill Stein (Video)
Yet Trump and Clinton, both privileged members of the multimillionaire elite (whatever Trump's genius for lowbrow populism), share one crucial trait in common: They are members of the elite establishment who manipulate voters with disrespectful, false rhetoric. Trump is a billionaire with a lowbrow lout persona, who has grown their wealth by employing crony capitalism, paying low wages to their workers, ripping off students and — when necessary — declaring bankruptcy to stick it to their creditors. Their reality-show shtick as a boss sadistically intoning “You're fired!” is the real Donald.
By contrast, Clinton's scathing contempt for everyone who is not a member of — or aspirant to — the moneyed, global elite seeps from them every pore. Not even their hubby Bill's evident pleasure in glad-handing the people that they are conning — the stock in trade of a born swindler — lends redeeming charm to their scripted and forced encounters with members of the great unwashed.
Trump's and Clinton's scarcely concealed contempt for average voters is perfectly mirrored in what they offer those voters: diddly squat.
Trump offers entertainment value — their celebrity personality, outsize ego, outrageousness and unpredictability — to voters who more than ever need an honest, serious policy thinker with a correct diagnosis and remedy for a corrupt political system careening toward disaster. On the more dangerous side, they offer a channel for resentments and a barbarous jingoistic patriotism (“Make America great again!”) that could lead to wars but will almost certainly lead to hostility and violence toward minorities and foreigners — above all, to Muslim ones. Such is their ego that in a corrupt system on a collision course with climate catastrophe, they feel qualified to be president despite utterly lacking political experience, skilled advisers and or the feeblest attempt at such a diagnosis or remedy.
EXPERIENCE: She's Not Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump — Behind the Scenes With Jill Stein (Multimedia)
Ask any of Clinton's supporters what they offer, and their answers ultimately amount to saying they are not the monster that Trump is. Maybe they will cite their defense of abortion or their strong likelihood of appointing saner Supreme Court justices, although they will surely be corporate lawyers and prosecutors who believe in executive power and big business. Probably they will speak of their experience in high office. What they often resolutely refuse to speak about — angrily asking if you want to elect Trump if you mention it — is that they are their own kind of monster.  They are monstrous in their corruption by money, in their contempt for transparency and in their militarism. The Green Party candidate, Jill Stein, correctly calls Clinton a “Wall Street, war and Walmart” candidate.
In an age screaming for honest, transparent politicians uncorrupted by money and accountable to informed voters, Clinton rakes in scads of political money and is positively Nixonian in their deviousness and their efforts to remain invisible to the public. As with Nixon, the air of an untrustworthy crook fully envelops Clinton. A viral Facebook meme, noting that they have had more FBI interviews this year than press conferences, nicely sums up the matter.
It is no wonder that in the arid political desert constituted by Clinton and Trump, Bernie Sanders seemed not merely an oasis but a miracle-working political savior capable of transforming that desert to bloom. By their own repeated avowal, Sanders is not a savior, but they are an honest, experienced, transparent politician with an on-point diagnosis and remedy for the deeply corrupt politics of the age. In fact, what made Sanders seem almost a savior was their rare, humble insistence that they were nothing of the kind, that their campaign was not about them but about us, and that in a political system so deeply corrupted by corporate money, politicians like them had no hope of fixing it on our behalf if we did not become engaged in political revolution.
Gun lobbyist Clark Aposhian was ordered to surrender all firearms in their home, office and on their person Tuesday after they were charged with domestic violence.
While visiting their daughter on Memorial Day, Aposhian allegedly blasted through their ex-wife's neighborhood in a two-ton Army surplus truck, honked an air horn outside their home, and nearly ran into their parked vehicle. According to police reports, Aposhian's 11-year-old daughter feared they would run over the cars.
When their ex-wife's husband called them later in the day, Aposhian reportedly threatened to run over their cars and bury them.
Police later arrested Aposhian after they returned to their home.
Aposhian's ex-wife said the Memorial Day event was the explosion of a 6-month long custody battle. As part of their alleged ongoing harassment, Aposhian was charged with domestic violence in front of a child, criminal trespass, criminal mischief and threat of violence. They pleaded not guilty to all four charges.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
If convicted, Aposhian could be forced to forfeit their firearms, their concealed weapons permit and concealed carry instructor's license.
Aposhian made headlines after the Sandy Hooks Elementary School Shooting when they offered free gun handling classes to educators. Aposhian also acts as the face of pro-gun lobbying in Utah and heads the Utah Shooting Sports Council, where they can often be seen sporting a rifle and handgun necktie.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
If proven guilty, Aposhian may be forced to resign from their position as chairperson of the council.
Sources: The Salt Lake Tribune, TPM
undefined
The high-achieving elder daughter of President-elect Donald J. Trump is, on the surface, a glowing picture of modern American womanhood: a mother of three young children who built a business that bears their name. A glamorous figure whom it would be easy to picture balancing a baby in one hand and a briefcase in the other, all in their own branded high heels.
They have it all — including the ear of their future president father and a husband, Jared Kushner, who will serve as a senior adviser in the Trump administration.
But while Ms. Trump has found both professional and personal success by enjoying many of the benefits of feminism, they are far from an avatar of a feminist future. Instead, she's a kind of post-feminist huckster, selling us traditional femininity and support of male power wrapped up in a feminist bow.
Indeed, in an attempt to smooth out the anti-nepotism concerns of their husband's appointment, Ms. Trump will no longer run their own brand or serve as an executive with the Trump organization and is moving with their family to Washington — even as their brothers will continue to run the family company. Them plan, they said , is to “take time to settle our three young children into their new home and schools.”
The Trump-Kushners will arrive in Washington as one of the town's most powerful power couples. While many think Ms. Trump will eventually take on a quasi first lady role — and while having either Ms. Trump or their husband working for Mr. Trump poses serious ethical and legal issues — it is important to note that Mr. Trump chose the male half of the Trump-Kushner pair to serve in the West Wing, presumably with the blessing of their daughter.
The particulars of this arrangement are unusual, but the norms underlying it are not. Even in the cosmopolitan centers where “power couples” exist aplenty, the male partner is often the more powerful one, and finds their success precisely because of their wife's combination of feminist-facilitated achievement and traditional feminine support.
Unlike in past generations when educated women had a harder time finding partners, today, college-educated women like Ms. Trump are more likely than their working-class counterparts to wed, and also like Ms. Trump, usually delay childbirth until after the wedding. With the fewer financial stressors that come with dual incomes or a single extremely high one these educated couples divorce less often than those with fewer financial resources, despite other findings that both groups have comparable dedication to the marital ideal.
That educated women fare better romantically and occupationally than they used to is in many ways a feminist victory, if only for women at the top of the heap. And Ms. Trump has used the carefully cultivated image of their own career and family to sell both their brand and their father's political ambitions. Them Instagram feed is full of images with motivational captions about the importance of stay-at-home motherhood or maternal multitasking , often with the hashtag #WomenWhoWork. “I have a few very important roles, but being a mother will always be my favorite,” they posted with a family photo.
This mastery of balancing ambition with likability is no easy task. Women usually have to trade one for the other. Yet tabloids describe Ms. Trump as both a “doting mom” and a “successful business person.” Them father credits them with pushing them toward a paid maternity leave policy.
She's also a woman who sells this image strategically. The white working-class Americans to whom Ms. Trump's father directed many of their appeals hew more closely to traditional views of marital obligations and gender norms than those who are college educated, even as most working-class mothers are employed outside the home and are more likely to be raising children on their own.
Ms. Trump's clear ambition remains unobjectionable in part because they seem to require nothing of men. They affirm their status as a wife and a mother first and a business person second. While they speak to the challenges of combining work and family, they make no demands that their husband “lean in” at home — maybe Mr. Kushner does do the dishes, but they aren't Instagramming it.
Them push for paid parental leave is certainly laudable and especially out of the box for the Republican Party, but the policy they urged their father to propose wasn't really about parents — it offered maternity leave only, emphasizing that the task of raising children remains the domain of women (even “women who work”). And their soft-focus feminism is put to use covering for their father's boorishness: Mr. Trump has repeatedly boasted of their refusal to do any child care whatsoever for their five children, but their daughter nevertheless deems them “ a feminist .”
For some people — perhaps people who voted for their father — there is a post-feminist salve in the neotraditional marriage model Ms. Trump promotes. It's a palatable way to mesh old sexist ideas about women as nurturers and helpers with the realities of modern American life. Ms. Trump embodies a feminine ideal, even while they live a more feminist reality.
For working and middle-class women, though, the space where that ideal rubs up against reality is more likely to produce friction than anything else. Many Americans remain psychologically stuck between some vision of the 1950s white suburban family and the revolutionary, and still unfulfilled, promise of gender equality. While a majority of Americans agree that women should not return to traditional 1950s roles, that calculus changes when women have kids — a majority also believes that mothers should stay home with young children.
This is an especially precarious set of expectations for families who, unlike the Trump-Kushners, live in constrained financial circumstances. For heterosexual couples of all income levels, having children often leads to discord precisely because mothers and fathers tend to slide into more traditional roles — leaving women to tend to the trivial details of adult life, like changing diapers, picking up the dry cleaning or, in Ms. Trump's case, setting up a new house and getting the kids acclimated to a new school.
Women expecting egalitarianism at home often feel hoodwinked by this new subtly sexist arrangement. Women expecting traditionalism find they're stretched too thin by a belief that they should be the primary parent and an economic reality that demands their employment.
Ms. Trump has written a book called “Women Who Work,” so must presumably think they have advice to offer other women. But trying to emulate the Ivanka model without their financial means is a precarious path. Women who maintain demanding careers and also believe they are chiefly responsible for managing the domestic front are much more stressed out than women whose partners share in both work and family duties, according to social science research. For white working-class families, where women often work out of necessity and who also believe in the importance of divergent responsibilities for men and women, that dissonance sows significant marital conflict.
Least feminist of all: The “women who work” discourse adopted by Ms. Trump frames this all as a woman's choice, rather than the predictable and deliberate outcome when feminist gains are warped by conservative public policy.
Shakira the Serval kitten finds puppy love in their adoptive home ... with a pack of Rhodesian Ridgebacks
Peeking out from among these puppies this tiny kitten may look a little out of their depth but in fact they are right at home.
Shakira, the five month-old Serval cat, was welcomed into this unlikely clan after they were rejected by their mother from a local zoo near Munich, Germany.
Serval kitten Shakira and their adoptive brothers and sisters, 11 Rhodesian Ridgeback puppies
'Shakira came to us when they were just 14 days old,' says animal carer Roland Adam.
'A friend of mine contacted me from a local zoo and told me how Shakira's mother had not produced enough milk for their litter and their other brothers and sisters had died.
'When I heard this I decided to take them in.'
Acting as a surrogate mother, Mr Adam spent two hours each day feeding the tiny kitten who only weighed 1000 grams.
Shakira clambers all over their new mother, Katjinga, who accepted the tiny kitten as their own straight away
After six weeks of care and attention, Shakira became strong enough to be introduced to their new family - a pack of Rhodesian Ridgeback dogs.
Bearing 11 cubs in July of this year, mother Katijnga accepted the spotted cat into the clan straight away.
'I wanted to provide Shakira with some animals that could be a substitute for their own brothers and sisters and for their mum,' says Mr Adam, 53.
Shakira plays happily with their new brothers and sisters
'It turned out that Shakira was integrated immediately into this dog family. They play hide and seek, catch and even play fights with the dogs.
'When they tire from playing with each other, the cubs lie down together.'
And it looks as though Shakira is happy with their new mother too.
'You see a strong bond between Shakira and their foster mom,' says Mr Adam. 'When they play, Shakira did not even for a moment push out their claws - it is a loving family.'
Serval cats are native to the grasslands of Africa. Weighing an average of 40 pounds they can grow 24 inches in height and up to 36 inches in length.
Despite being wild cats, the Serval cat has been kept as a pet by Europeans for hundreds of years.
Why is it okay not to be okay? How can we be loved just as we are if we were made to be image bearers of a God who says, “Be perfect as your Heavenly Father is perfect?” Kimm Crandall began to notice that the phrase, “Nobody's perfect” didn't bring the freedom that they longed for. While this statement brought freedom in the moment, it always eventuated in them getting back to work on ways to prove themselves worthy. It was exhausting. What if — no, they aren't perfect — and that was okay because they had Christ's record of perfection. They could now live with their imperfection knowing that because of Christ they are loved in the midst of all of their messiness. This was the freedom they were looking for and the freedom that they shares like dropping keys… It's a humbling grace to welcome Kimm to the farm's front porch today…
guest post by Kimm Crandall
The weakest believer among us receives the same strong Christ as does the believer whose faith seems unmoved.to
This is good news for all of us because it's not the strength of our faith that gives us hope; it's the strength of Jesus's faith.
Let me explain — and it might not be what you'd think?
One summer my family was invited to enjoy a day of waterskiing and lounging on the lake with some friends.
The lake was choppy and with each passing speedboat came a wake that caused a big thump and jolt of our boat, which subsequently elicited a scream from my then four-year-old son.
You see, they had very little faith in our safety as we hit those large bumps in the water. However, having grown up and spending my days on ski boats, I knew that we were perfectly safe.
I had complete faith that those wakes that were tossing us from side to side were merely bumps and that the boat was certainly strong enough to endure them. My calm demeanour showed my trust. I could relax.
My child, however, showed very little faith as they screamed with each wave and ripple.
We couldn't have been more different: me, a grown woman with full assurance, knowing that we were safe, showing my confidence in the boat, free to enjoy the sun and spray splashing up on me; and him, my four-year-old, huddled on the floor trying to eat a granola bar, certain that it was their last meal.
My faith in the boat was unshakable while my son's was just barely hanging by a thread.
And yet here we were, two souls on the same strong boat, heading toward the same destination.
Here's the big question: Did the strength of our faith make any difference in the strength of the boat?
Of course not.
The boat's strength was not affected by how much faith either of us had put in it on that particular day. It wasn't weakened by my son's doubt, nor was it strengthened by my confidence.
Just as the boat was immovable and never swaying in its ability to bring us safely home, Christ remains our strength even when doubts fill our minds and our faith wavers.
In fact, it's Christ's faith we stand on! It's Their strength that gets us through and not our own.
Christ's life was one constant stream of unwavering faith.
Even though They had the power to abandon the mission at any moment, They continued on in humility and perfect faith to fulfill God's redeeming plan. Knowing the pain that was to come, They pleaded with their Father to let the cup pass from Their lips (Luke 22:42).
As the answer became clear—that the cup would not pass from Him, that They were to be beaten, mocked, and stricken with sorrow at the separation of perfect union with Their Father—He remained faithful on our behalf.
This has become our record. This is now our strength.
Even in our moments of the greatest weakness and doubt, Christ remains our strength, holding us up out of the water, confidently taking each blow from the waves with which life is unrelentingly battering us.
When everything around you is falling apart,
the job is lost,
the child rebels,
the spouse falls in love with someone else,
the friends who said they'd never leave walk away,
life has fallen apart at the seams,
and you just don't know how to find hope.
All the while Christ is unmoved and you are perfectly safe. They will hold on to you to the very end.
Your strong faith—or, more appropriately, your lack thereof—is not connected to some cosmic feeding tube of God's grace.
God does not dole out Their love and faithfulness based on the strength of our trust.
The gospel assures you that They love you and is holding on to you whether you are lounging about enjoying a time of confident faith or clinging to the bottom of the boat, waiting for the ride to be over.
Their perfect faith —
is counted as yours.
[ Our humble thanks to Baker Publishing for their partnership in today's devotion ]
Sony surprised the camera world this morning when it finally announced the new Sony A7R III, the long-rumored third iteration of one of the company's best digital mirrorless cameras. It ships in November, and will retail for $3,200, according to Sony.
The A7R III uses a full-frame, 42.4-megapixel sensor, and borrows heavily from the A9, Sony's ludicrously fast professional flagship that was announced earlier this year. It shoots 10 frames per second (RAW or JPEG) with autofocus tracking, and it does this without any shutter blackout, just like the A9. That's wonderful news, since the A7R III also has the same massive 3.69 million-dot EVF that impressed me so much on the A9 back in the spring.
The A7R III has fast, robust autofocus to keep up with those speeds, too. There are 399 phase detection autofocus points, and 425 contrast AF points, which Sony says makes the A7R III twice as fast as the A7R II in low light situations. The rest of the experience should be faster than the A7R II as well, thanks to an updated BIONZ X processor that is 1.8 times quicker, according to Sony.
The A7R III shoots stills at 10 frames per second with no shutter blackout
Photographers should be able to shoot for longer with the A7R III, too, as it uses the A9's higher-capacity battery. It even has the A9's AF joystick. For anyone who was lovesick over the A9 and its $4,500 price tag, the A7R III looks like one hell of a compromise.
In the press release and at the announcement event, Sony touted the A7R III's ability to shoot in challenging and low light. It uses 5-axis image stabilization to cancel out camera shake, has an ISO range of 100-32000 that's expandable to ISO 50-102,400, and the sensor provides up to 15 stops of dynamic range.
Sony split the A7 series into three back in 2014, with the A7S line becoming the go-to for video, especially thanks its low light capabilities. But the A7R III sounds like it will still be a formidable tool for capturing moving images. It shoots 4K footage at 24 or 30 frames per second, and 1080p video at 120 frames per second. And to help transfer all these high-resolution stills and movies, Sony's added a USB Type-C connector to the camera.
And that, more than anything, is a sign of why a camera like the A7R III should be making Canon and Nikon sweat. In the same amount of time (four years) that it took Canon to make a new version of its most popular full-frame camera, the 5D, Sony announced the A7, released a follow-up, and then also forked that camera into two discrete camera lineups — the A7R and A7S — that have each seen multiple updates. (Canon's only iteration on the 5D in that time was the higher-resolution 5DS and 5DSR, two cameras that were practically the same as each other.)
Sony's released seven A7 cameras in the time it took Canon to replace the 5D Mark III
Beyond product development pacing, the A7R III looks like a pound-for-pound competitor to that new 5D — the Mark IV — at a slightly lower price tag. The 5D has a slightly higher-resolution LCD touchscreen (1.62 million dots vs 1.44 on the Sony), but that's about it. The A7R III shoots photos faster, has a higher-resolution sensor that's mechanically stabilized, and offers features that only mirrorless cameras can, like silent shooting and the ability to shoot without any image blackout.
At this high end of the market, mirrorless cameras don't really offer as much of a portability or weight advantage as people tend to think they do. The size of the lenses these slimmer camera bodies need typically cancels that out. But mirrorless cameras this big and expensive still have concrete advantages in performance and possible features, and Sony continues to exploit this at a faster clip than companies like Canon and Nikon.
Right now, there's simply no other major camera company doing as much to push this part of the photography market forward. And Sony's been rewarded for this vigor; it passed Nikon for second place in full-frame camera market share earlier this year. So the introduction of a camera like the A7R III begs the question: who (or what) can stop them now?
Mr. Costello said they believed that Scotland's oil wealth had been “misused” by politicians in London and looked back with resentment to their school days when, they said, Scots like them “thought we had to aspire to anything English.”
Near the main square, Tony Cox was campaigning for a small, left-wing pro-independence group called Stobbie for Aye — Stobbie being an abbreviation for Stobswell, a down-at-the-heel district of Dundee, and aye the Scottish term for yes. They said their group had persuaded around 1,000 voters to register for the first time, mainly people “left behind” by economic policies, and the enthusiasm was so strong that they said they “had junkies chasing me down the street to get registered.” Their group also distributes official campaign leaflets in Polish for immigrant voters emblazoned with the word “Tak” — Polish for yes.
Outside Dundee things are different. Menzies Campbell, a former leader of the Liberal Democrats and an opponent of independence, said on Wednesday that their side had “a lot of support under the radar.” Speaking in Cupar, a town about 25 miles to the south of Dundee, they said the reaction they had received suggested “a majority in favor of staying in the union.”
Campaigning alongside him, Alistair Carmichael, also a Liberal Democrat and secretary of state for Scotland, argued that yes campaigners are “in your face and no supporters tend to be less vocal.”
Getting people to display posters for the no side has been hard. For example, Ciaran Folan, a retired broadcast engineer originally from Ireland, is an opponent of independence. But they do not have a no poster in their window because, they said, “some of the people on the other side are very aggressive.” They said, however, that they were “embarrassed” at how effective the yes campaign has been.
The values of scientific enquiry, rather than any particular policy positions on science, suggest a preference for one US presidential candidate over the other.
The election of a US president almost always seems like a crossroads, but the choice to be made on 4 November feels unusual, and daunting, in its national and global significance.
Science and the research enterprise offer powerful tools for addressing key challenges that face America and the world, and it is heartening that both John McCain and Barack Obama have had thoughtful things to say about them. Obama has been more forthcoming in their discussion of research goals (see Nature 455, 446–449; 2008), but both have engaged with the issues. McCain deserves particular credit for taking a stance on carbon emissions that is at odds with that of a significant proportion of their party.
There is no open-and-shut case for preferring one man or the other on the basis of their views on these matters. This is as it should be: for science to be a narrow sectional interest bundled up in a single party would be a terrible thing. Both sides recognize science's inspirational value and ability to help achieve national and global goals. That is common ground to be prized, and a scientific journal's discussion of these matters might be expected to stop right there.
“The core values of science are those of open debate within a free society that have come down to us from the Enlightenment.”
But science is bound by, and committed to, a set of normative values — values that have application to political questions. Placing a disinterested view of the world as it is ahead of our views of how it should be; recognizing that ideas should be tested in as systematic a way as possible; appreciating that there are experts whose views and criticisms need to be taken seriously: these are all attributes of good science that can be usefully applied when making decisions about the world of which science is but a part. Writ larger, the core values of science are those of open debate within a free society that have come down to us from the Enlightenment in many forms, not the least of which is the constitution of the United States.
On a range of topics, science included, Obama has surrounded themselves with a wider and more able cadre of advisers than McCain. This is not a panacea. Some of the policies Obama supports — continued subsidies for corn ethanol, for example — seem misguided. The advice of experts is all the more valuable when it is diverse: 'groupthink' is a problem in any job. Obama seems to understand this. They tend to seek a range of opinions and analyses to ensure that their own opinion, when reached, has been well considered and exposed to alternatives. They also exhibit pragmatism — for example in their proposals for health-care reform — that suggests a keen sense for the tests reality can bring to bear on policy.
Some will find strengths in McCain that they value more highly than the commitment to reasoned assessment that appeals in Obama. But all the signs are that the former seeks a narrower range of advice. Equally worrying is that they fail to educate themselves on crucial matters; the attitude they have taken to economic policy over many years is at issue here. Either as a result of poor advice, or of advice inadequately considered, they frequently make decisions that seem capricious or erratic. The most notable of these is their ill-considered choice of Sarah Palin, the Republican governor of Alaska, as running mate. Palin lacks the experience, and any outward sign of the capacity, to face the rigours of the presidency.
The Oval Office is not a debating chamber, nor is it a faculty club. As anyone in academia will know, a thoughtful and professorial air is not in itself a recommendation for executive power. But a commitment to seeking good advice and taking seriously the findings of disinterested enquiry seems an attractive attribute for a chief executive. It certainly matters more than any specific pledge to fund some particular agency or initiative at a certain level — pledges of a sort now largely rendered moot by the unpredictable flux of the economy.
This journal does not have a vote, and does not claim any particular standing from which to instruct those who do. But if it did, it would cast its vote for Barack Obama.
Rights and permissions To obtain permission to re-use content from this article visit RightsLink.
About this article Publication history Published 29 October 2008 DOI https://doi.org/10.1038/4551149a
How will The Flash‘s Flashpoint storyline affect Arrow season five? During the 2016 San Diego Comic Con, Arrow writer/executive producer Wendy Mericle discussed what's in store for the upcoming season, providing some tantalizing teasers without giving away any spoilers. Answering questions during our roundtable interview, Mericle said we'll learn the answers as to what Laurel (Katie Cassidy) whispered to Oliver (Stephen Amell) before they died, how Oliver will balance being a mayor and the Green Arrow, and whether Olicity will be a thing in the upcoming season. They also confirmed the fifth season will have more of a first season feel to it, with more “crime of the week” storylines.
Wendy Mericle Interview:
What's going happen now? Where do we find Oliver when we start?
Wendy Mericle: “As you know when we left last season the team was split up. They had killed Damian Darhk and so they were off the board. They were stepping into becoming the mayor.  They are still going to be in the mayor's office but the city is going to be in a slightly different state. It's not going to be…we're not going to have any sort of terrorist attacks or anything happening this season, but as a result of what happened with Damian Darhk and the general decline of Star City, we're going to have criminals. There's going to be a huge mob element. And this is all part of the spirit of going back to the basics of season one, so it will be more villains of the week, more hand-to-hand. A little bit going back to that gritty, kind of crime of the week-type of things. Oliver will be a big part of that.
We're also going to have a lot of vigilantes who are inexperienced and inspired by the Green Arrow killing Damien Dahrk. They're going to be popping up all over the city and that's actually going to become more of a problem than a help.”
Will some of the episodes be more stand-alone this season?
Wendy Mericle: “There will be more standalone episodes this season. I think that we are looking to kind of go deeper into the bench of villains from the DC universe. Again, make it go back to our roots in the way that we had, like more season one.”
How is Arrow going to be affected by The Flash‘s Flashpoint?
Wendy Mericle: “That's a good question. We had that question when we found out about Flashpoint. We were like, ‘Oh hey, how's that going to work, guys? Fascinating.' Obviously we live in this universe now where we have things like that happening. We have superpowers, we have metas. It will have an affect on the show. That's about as much as I can say. I can't comment too much on what it will be or how it will be affected. The characters that are affected will feel it.”
How do you deal with Olicity in season five?
Wendy Mericle: “What's interesting about Olicity is it's become, as everyone knows, this huge thing online and everyone has taken sides. But for us, it was really a byproduct of you cast someone like Emily Bett Rickards and there is obviously chemistry and you start to write to that. It really felt in season three and four that if we didn't go in that direction, it was going to do a disservice to the show and to the characters, so we leaned into it. We went that way. We saw what it can do and I think in season five, we're going to do the same thing which is we left them ambiguous at the end of the season and I will say you will get some clarity in episode five of season five. But even then we are going to be exploring it in real time to see where we feel like the characters are taking us and where we feel like the best stories are going to be told.”
Before Laurel died they whispered something to Oliver. Will that be revisited this season?
Wendy Mericle: “I can only tell you that you'll find out about it in 501 – in the premiere.”
How will Oliver balance their role as the Star City Mayor with being the Green Arrow?
Wendy Mericle: “One of the things that I'm most excited about is that element which is in the past we've had them be the CEO, we've seen them have somewhat of a public face, but this is a public face that he, for lack of a better term, they can't B.S. this. He's the mayor. They have to show up. When he's not there, people know he's not there. So we're going to drive story both in the mayor's office and in the bunker. It's actually a real challenge from a storytelling perspective because you have to figure out where is their real emotional drive coming from. It'll be fun. We'll have a lot of fun with the sort of Superman element of them having a dual identity, one that's very, very public.”
Watch the full Wendy Mericle interview:
(Interview by Fred Topel. Article by Rebecca Murray.)
Schenectady Police Sgt. Jonathan Moore. Schenectady Police Sgt. Jonathan Moore. Image 1 of / 68 Captions Close Schenectady cop linked to forgery case, gay-porn industry 1 / 68 Back to Gallery
Colonie
A Schenectady police sergeant who admitted making pornographic movies with their live-in boyfriend has been suspended as the department investigates the pair's business dealings and their alleged attempt last month to use a counterfeit check to buy an expensive sports car.
Sgt. Jonathan E. Moore, 35, was at a Colonie auto dealership last month when their boyfriend, Anthony Aubin, 27, was arrested on felony charges as they tried to use a fraudulent check to purchase a $92,000 2016 Jaguar coupe, according to arrest records.
But the arrest of Aubin, who has a lengthy criminal record and was recently on parole, has triggered a much broader, multi-agency police investigation into allegations that gay officers may have hosted or taken part in sex parties — called "breeding parties" — that allegedly were attended by teenagers who were not of legal age to drink alcohol or consent to having sex with adults.
The Albany Police Department's internal affairs unit is investigating information allegedly connecting one of its officers to the case, and other departments may also become involved in the broader investigation, according to a person briefed on the matter but not authorized to comment publicly.
Schenectady police officials could not be reached Tuesday evening and did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
Albany police Chief Brendan Cox said the investigation by the department is in the early stages.
"I'm not really in a position to say anything about it at this point," Cox said. "There is a case we are looking into but we are not in a position to even gauge whether or not there is any truth to what has been alleged."
Last month, police searched the Schenectady apartment shared by Aubin and Moore. Law enforcement sources said Moore was suspended by their department, but Schenectady police officials have not publicly disclosed any information about the case.
In a sworn statement following Aubin's arrest last month, Moore stated they and Aubin met about 10 years ago and became friends before Aubin enlisted in the Army and left the area.
In 2010, Aubin was arrested and sent to prison and returned to the area in July. Details of that conviction were not available Tuesday.
"We met for lunch in July and we ... became friends and developed a friendship," Moore said in the statement attributed to him. In time, they said, Aubin moved into Moore's apartment and Moore said they used a police computer at the Schenectady department to regularly check Aubin's parole status.
Moore said they had "debt issues" and that Aubin offered to "help me get out of debt" by producing "gay porn" movies for a Florida company, Bear Films.
"I researched them and they are a legitimate company," Moore said in the statement. "Anthony accepted a contract with Bear Films and I ultimately took a job with them as well ..."
But the deal with Bear Films fell apart, Moore said, and a Miami woman who was acting as their agent brokered a deal for the men with another adult film company, FratX, from Connecticut. In early October, the company was supposed to wire "salaries" of Aubin and Moore into a SEFCU bank account but the men's agent told them the transaction triggered a suspicious activity report and that the funds were being held up until the bank could verify the "funds were legitimate due to the amount," which was supposed to be roughly $400,000, according to Moore.
In late September, with the promise of a lot of outside income, Moore said, the men made plans to buy a new house and went car shopping.
"Anthony and I went to Capitol Luxury Cars on New Karner Road and I test drove a Jaguar ... and a Range Rover Sport that Anthony was going to buy," the officer said.
Moore said a representative of the adult film company came to Albany, visited the dealership and promised to buy the Jaguar for Anthony.
But Moore said a bank wire transfer that the adult-film representative said they would make never went through and that their female agent, who may have been an attorney, issued two checks to them: $90,000 for the Jaguar and $80,000 for the Range Rover.
Moore told Colonie detectives, who arrested Aubin and handled the counterfeit check investigation, that they have emails from the woman documenting them promises.
But on Oct. 12, the Jaguar that Moore was supposed to have delivered to their residence never arrived. They said their adult-film agent, whose first name is Sandra, told them that Capitol Luxury Cars had sent them a cease-and-desist letter indicating they would not do business with any of them.
The dealership had flagged the group after staff members around that time researched Aubin's name on the Internet and learned they had been involved in stealing expensive cars from other auto dealerships, including in Rhode Island where was arrested for stealing a Range Rover that they took on a test drive and never returned.
Sonia L. Older, sales manager at Capitol Luxury Cars in Colonie, informed their manager of what was unfolding and they contacted Colonie police, who were monitoring the situation as Aubin and Moore continued making arrangements to buy the $90,000 Jaguar. In mid-October, Older said Aubin brought a 2016 Jeep Grand Cherokee to the dealership and offered it as a trade in. "We offered them $30,000 for their Jeep and they immediately agreed," Older wrote in a statement taken by police. "It seemed like they were too amenable to that offer; usually people will negotiate a bit more."
Aubin told the dealership that they were going to use money from a "trust" to pay for the vehicles, and that the Jaguar should be put in Moore's name.
As the deal went forward, Aubin texted the sale manager a photograph of a Bank of America check made out to the dealership for $92,083. The check was written from a purported Florida company, Wyanesk & Schwartz, Esq., in Miami.
"It didn't seem right," Older told police. "I contacted Bank of America and they verified that the check was fraudulent and that the account number did not exist."
When Aubin and Moore showed up at the dealership on Oct. 12 with the counterfeit check, Aubin was arrested. It's unclear whether Colonie police considered filing charges against Moore, whose name was on the sales documents and was supposed to purchase the Jaguar.
Aubin is also accused of using a $15,000 counterfeit check on Oct. 11 to purchase the 2016 white Jeep Grand Cherokee that was part of the trade-in for the Jaguar.
In that case, it was also a Bank of America check that was issued in the name of a purported Albany company, VIPStructures on Washington Avenue Extension.
Moore did not return a telephone call on Tuesday evening. In their statement to police, they said they were not aware the checks were fraudulent.
"At no time did Anthony tell me that the checks issued to me from (our agent) Sandra were fraudulent or that the business transactions were illegal in any shape or form," Moore said in the statement. "I even ran the routing number on one of the checks they issued us and it returned to Bank of America. As far as I knew, the transactions for the vehicles were legitimate."
Aubin, who has ties to Clifton Park, is being held at Albany County jail without bail.  They are charged with two counts of criminal possession of a forged instrument, both felonies.
Their case is pending in Albany County Court.
blyons@timesunion.com • 518-454-5547 • @brendan_lyonstu
If you are just starting to learn MongoDB, or using it for the first time this article is for you. I am going to highlight all the important things that I have learned so far. As a MongoDB beginner these items are a must-know.
MongoDB is a document oriented NoSQL database. "Document oriented" means MongoDB stores records as BSON (Binary JSON) documents in collections. If you are coming from relational DBs, think of rows as documents, and tables as collections.
MongoDB is not a drop in replacement for MySQL. In fact you may need to use it in conjunction with MySQL sometimes.
MongoDB community server is free and is available on Linux, Windows, Mac and Solaris.
Once you install MongoDB, you can access the mongo shell by typing mongo where you can interact with the databases.
In certain Linux distributions, mongo shell may fail to start with an error message : "manpath: can't set the locale; make sure $LC_* and $LANG are correct". Run the shell command export LC_ALL=C to fix this issue.
To get the best performance out of MongoDB, deploy the server on an SSD based VM. This is because SSDs offer better Random Access performance.
MongoDB caches most recently accessed items in RAM. So, if you are accessing some documents frequently, you may see a boost in speed. Also, make sure your machine has sufficient amount of RAM. More RAM means less page fault and better performance.
You should create appropriate indexes in order to speed up queries. Note that MongoDB by default indexes the automatically generated field _id of documents.
MongoDB 3.0+ supports two storage engines : MMAPv1 and WiredTiger. In case of MMAPv1 (3.0 series), MongoDB acquires a collection level lock while writing. The later one (WiredTiger engine) acquires document level locking. As a result, WiredTiger engine lets you modify multiple documents in a collection simultaneously without worrying about concurrency issues.
As of MongoDB 3.2 WiredTiger is the default storage engine.
Traditional SQL injection is not possible with MongoDB as it builds queries as BSON objects. But you should be careful of server side JavaScript injection.
MongoDB doesn't support multi document transactions. However, it supports atomic updates in a single document.
You should deploy MongoDB as replica sets in production. Replication is important to make sure you get high availability. If the primary MongoDB server goes down, one of the secondaries will take over as primary.
Replication is not same as backups. If you accidentally delete a database in primary, replication will kick in and all your secondaries will also lose the database. So, you still need to perform backups periodically to make sure you don't suffer from a data loss in case of a catastrophic failure.
For nearly two years, I have been a member of Moviepass, and I assume at least a couple of our readers are as well. Utilizing a Netflix-style monthly fee (usually around $29.99; it varies per area) for "unlimited" access, you are able to see one film a day at participating theaters, with no repeats. If you're in an area that has plenty of theaters with independent/foreign films, or repertory programming, this means you can make the most of the program, as it's almost impossible you'll "run out" of things to see (you can only see each movie once - sorry Batfans, you couldn't use Moviepass to see Dark Knight Rises every day like you probably did anyway). Customers in rural areas probably didn't get as much use out of it if they were only stuck with the bigger Hollywood offerings - even if you WANTED to see every feature that came along, there would be weeks with only 1-2 new options.
However, being a Los Angeles resident, it's been a godsend. Not only do a hefty number of theaters participate (the AMC and Laemmle chains, plus most of the repertory theaters like the New Beverly, Cinefamily, and Egyptian/Aero), but even if I were to use it every single day I'd probably never run out of things to see - a fine bonus for someone like me who will watch any movie once. When time allows, I'll go see filler junk like RIPD, or take a chance on an indie that I probably would have waited to rent otherwise (The Spectacular Now, for example - which I loved). I can even be surprised by a Hollywood offering; I was seeing After Earth only to kill some time in an air conditioned room one day in June, but I ended up enjoying it quite a bit. This is the real appeal of the program - my desire to make sure I get my money's worth "forces" me to see more films, and more often than not I'm glad I saw them (RIPD is one exception; Jesus CHRIST was that an awful movie). And because I'm saving money on the films I do want to see, I'm more likely to buy concessions, which helps the theater as well.
When the program first started, it was pretty cumbersome. You'd select a time and theater from your computer, print out a voucher, and bring it to the theater and hope that the clerk could ring it up properly. This often resulted in confused looks, time-wasting explanations, and glitches. It was a good idea, but the convoluted process (not to mention extra drain on your printer) made it hard to recommend, and at that time AMC wasn't even on the program, making my viewing options limited. However, a year ago they fixed it up; rather than issuing vouchers and selecting times on your computer, customers were issued a credit card (via Discover) that would activate when you were at the theater and selected a time using your smartphone. Not only did this work much better (I've only once had an issue, and I'm sure it was just the clerk being a moron), but it opened up the service to more theaters - any location that accepted Discover cards could accept Moviepass, more or less (some theaters, such as the Arclight, requested to be removed. I've hardly been there since.). The only drawback was that 3D/Imax showings were invalid for use with the card; their surcharges would go beyond the card's temporary limit (and let's face it, just ONE 3D ticket in LA on a weekend night would be more than half of the monthly fee), but they made that clear up front and apologized for the inconvenience.
Well, apparently they have a new customer service approach, as today customers were greeted with an email titled "New Features" only to discover that the program was being restricted even further. This new "feature" is a "Countdown Clock" which would run for 24 hours from the time of your last movie selection - if you see a movie at 7pm today, you can't see another one until 7:01pm the next day. This is much different than the standard "once a day" described in its original TOS, not to mention the benefits that were highlighted when we signed up for the service (some even locked into a yearly membership), as it can effectively DENY you the ability to see a movie on a given calendar day. Let's say I see a movie at 10:45pm on a Tuesday night, when midnight shows aren't offered - unless I actually find one that starts later, I can't use the service on Wednesday. Hell, here's an ACTUAL example - yesterday I saw a matinee of Carrie (ugh) at 10:40 am, before I went to work, and planned to see a 10:30 am showing of The Counselor today, again before my 1pm work shift began. But because of this change, I couldn't, because of a TEN MINUTE difference.
Now, the reason for this change is obvious - they are trying to save some money and stay in operation. There's no "discount" on any level - the theater gets the same amount of money they would if we were to buy a ticket the normal way (which is why I am baffled by theater chains like the Arclight refusing the service - it just increases their patronage!), and Moviepass covers that full charge. The way they can make money, besides some minor advertisements on their app, is from people failing to buy 30 dollars' worth of tickets in a given month. You might think it'd be impossible NOT to do that since that's only 3-4 tickets, but you'd be surprised - they actually made money on ME this month as I only used it twice (Carrie and Captain Phillips), both matinees - my 30 dollars netted me 15 dollars' worth of tickets. Of course, other months I've gone 7-8 times and thus saved around 70 dollars, so it all evens out - but their business model cannot sustain folks like me getting their money's worth (and then some) for 11/12 months - they need a LOT of people to have months like mine, and often, in order to keep going.
But here's the thing - I get that, and even have no problem with the idea in general. Sure, it can cause a change of plans, but they're not in surmountable - had I seen The Counselor at 10:30 on Wednesday I could have seen Carrie today at 10:40 with no problem (and still gone to see a movie on Friday night, when I'm not working). And I'm not greedy; I get that they need to pay their bills and count on folks not taking too much advantage (I was shocked to see people on their Facebook page saying things like "the old once a day model was unfair enough, this is just criminal!"). My problem was that they treated us like idiots when they told us about it, calling it a "feature" when even a moron could see that it was their way to limit our crazy movie going ways and putting them in the red. Had they been up front about it, like they were with the 3D/Imax restriction, I'm guessing that the number of angry comments flooding their Twitter and Facebook pages would be greatly reduced. If the alternative is them having to shut down, then this is certainly an acceptable solution - but TELL US THAT. Don't call it a feature and expect us to be excited about the fact that we'll be seeing fewer movies every month. Let's face it, the average Moviepass customer is a hardcore movie fan - even if they only allowed one movie a week it would appeal to us in some fashion. But treating us like morons is a surefire way to just make their apparently dire financial situation even worse - already I've seen tweets from folks who plan to just drive to the theater and buy a ticket for a movie they don't even want to see just to "get back" at them. Whether they actually do this or not, who knows - but Moviepass probably could have spared themselves the threat by being on the level.
Hilariously, in some ways this will actually COST them money. The $7.50 I would have spent to see The Counselor this morning will now be 13 dollars to see it tomorrow night. And again, we humans are a spiteful people - I wouldn't be surprised if folks started doubling their efforts to get their money's worth each month, planning ahead to ensure that the 24 hour clock rarely, if ever, affects them much. And that's just the people who stick with the program - many have already opted to jump ship due to not only the change, but the clumsy, condescending way it was handled. There's also the word of mouth factor that they depend on to spread the word since they don't spend much money on advertising their service - who is going to recommend it to a friend or family member now? It's a shame - such things will only increase the likelihood of the program going under for good, but if that happens, hopefully it will be a good lesson for other businesses - SOME, not all, people might be greedy and hate a reduction no matter what, but ALL people hate being treated like idiots. Had they offered an honest explanation from the start, I'd probably send a single "woe is me" tweet and be done with it - instead, I sent off a bunch and wrote this article. Moral of the story: DON'T BE A DICK.
All that said, there is an easy solution: offer two tiers; one with a 24 hour clock for whatever price you're paying now, and one that retains the "once per day" option for a small fee increase (5 dollars seems reasonable). I'd do it in a heartbeat - they were clearly inspired by Netflix so why not follow their lead on offering different ways of subscribing depending on your usage? Because at the end of the day, as long as it's usable at my favorite theaters, I love the program, and the only part of it I want to see go away is their current method of dealing with paying customers.
"You will see me on the news." Stella* said with complete seriousness. "I'll throw myself down the stairs. I'll do what it takes. I need to get rid of this baby."
The gravity of what they were saying hadn't immediately hit me. Stella presented at my clinic at 28 weeks in their pregnancy. They had no insurance, had become pregnant as a result of rape, and because they had still been getting their periods until about one month prior, had no idea that they were past the legal abortion limit in Pennsylvania.
Advertisement
They said this to me from behind sunglasses, their hands tensely gipping the chair's armrests. I can only imagine the thoughts going through their head. I talked to them about the possibility of going to Kansas (Dr. Tiller's clinic was still an option at that time) or Nebraska, but they didn't have the money for a first trimester abortion in their home state, much less the finances to travel across the country. As I was explaining what their options were, including adoption and trying to fundraise to travel to another state, they got up and left. They didn't slam the door. They collected their things and without looking at me, closed the door and walked out of the clinic.
I didn't see them on the news. Despite the calls I made to their apartment, their place of work, their partner, I have no idea what happened to this woman. What I do know is that their desperation and anxiety were palpable, and I felt powerless to help her, to empower them to make the right decision for themselves regarding them pregnancy.
In the wake of the tragedy of Dr. Gosnell's clinic, where both women and viable babies were murdered, we have to have an open conversation about abortion restrictions. It is possible that my patient above ended up at Dr. Gosnell's clinic; I have no way of knowing. What I do know is that women who do seek later abortions, no matter how uncomfortable they make us, deserve nothing less than access to compassionate, respectful, quality medical care. If we don't want these women to be hurt or worse, killed by amateur doctors willing to break the law, we need to give them legal options to terminate their pregnancies.
Advertisement
Sometimes in the pro-choice movement, myself included, we get distracted by philosophical disagreements or hypothetical situations. We lose the stories of individual women seeking our services and focus on the what-ifs instead of the realities. What happened in my clinic that day was certainly not a common occurrence, but years later, I still think of this woman. What happened to her? What is my responsibility to her? What is the movement's responsibility to her? The only answer that makes sense to me, that corresponds to my value of reproductive justice, is to demand better access to safe abortion, as late in the pregnancy as necessary.
What does this look like in practice? This means that even if we don't personally agree with a woman's reasons for abortion, if that's what they need, we help them access those services. Even if we wouldn't have an abortion in their situation, we provide them with safe, affordable, medically sound treatment anyway. The job of the pro-choice movement, of abortion providers, is not to condemn or judge women for their reproductive health decisions. Our job is to support them, as best we can, and make sure that they can access the services they need. I only wish I could've done this for Stella.
* Name changed.
Steph Herold is a reproductive justice activist, organizer and founder of IAmDrTiller.com and AbortionGang.org. Follow them on Twitter at @IAmDrTiller or email her..
Advertisement
This post originally appeared on Abortion Gang. Republished by permission. Want to see your work here? Email us.
Image via Shutterstock.
Besides Cheech & Chong, the comedian most associated with marijuana is Doug Benson.
He's made a living off their laid-back stoner persona for over a decade, on stage with “The Marijuana-Logues,” on film in Super High Me and on the small screen with their most recent venture, The High Court.
But Benson is also known as a comedy and film aficionado. Their “Doug Loves Movies” podcasts are recorded live with an audience as they demonstrate an amazing breadth of knowledge about television and movies.
Benson is also adding their talent to the cause of growing the cannabis industry. He'll be hosting a VIP reception at the International Cannabis Business Conference on December 1 in Kauai, Hawai'i.
I spoke with Doug Benson by telephone to discuss the intersectionality of legalized marijuana, the cannabis industry and the influence of pot on television and movies.
Russ Belville: I wanted to talk to you about how things have changed since legalization. We used to have Cannabis Cups and cannabis cafés up here in the Pacific Northwest. Since we've legalized, they've kind of gone away. You're well known for being a cannabis comedian. Has legalization changed things from your perspective?
Doug Benson: It does feel a little like bit like there's certainly less excitement or fever for the idea of “this guy's gonna talk about marijuana” or “this guy smokes a ton of weed” and then comes out on stage. You know, people are more, um, relaxed about it, I guess?
RB: It's not so shocking anymore?
DB: Yeah. It's funny, because there was always, along the way in my career, as more and more I made marijuana a part of my act and my life, the more I'd hear from people saying, like, well, part of the reason that everybody likes it so much is because of the excitement of it not being legal.
You know, I always thought that was silly. Especially when it comes to smoking marijuana. People are certainly not less interested in it now that it's legal. I'm sure there are even more people smoking than ever, especially ones who are willing to admit it.
In terms of comedy, it has kind of shifted a little bit in that it seems like the novelty has sort of worn off a little bit.
RB: Is that mostly in the places that have made changes, like California and the rest of the West Coast? Do you still get some people that are shocked and, say, amazed by it in Alabama?
DB: Yeah, and they're not as much shocked by it as they're just sort of, um, they're still sort of excited about the idea that these places that I come from—I come from California—just seems like a mythical land to some people. Like some people say, “it's never going to be legal in our state,” or “you're never going to come play our town because we're in a place that it's not going to be legal.”
But before legalization started happening and since, I've been happy to go anywhere because, you know, as a fairly discreet white male with money, I can pretty much smoke weed anywhere I go and get away with it. I still feel a little bit of that, like, oh, this is illegal here, I should be careful. But, uh, it's certainly—especially if you look at the national polling numbers—like people are just pretty accepting of it these days.
RB: Yeah, it seems like the shock factor is kind of wearing off. But that leads me into another area of questions I wanted to talk to you about. You're well known for the “Doug Loves Movies” podcast, you're a big fan of movies and TV and that sort of media. And you know, back in the day, even just a decade ago, Showtime comes out with Weeds and it's a big shock—a story about someone selling pot!
Now, Netflix comes out with Disjointed, and it just seems kind of passé. What do you think of the media's treatment—TV and movies' treatment—these days, post-legalization?
DB: I haven't watched Disjointed because I've had too many people tell me it would make me unhappy because it's kind of like, um, it feels like having something take place in a dispensary, but there's a live audience just laughing at everything everybody says. Like I said, I haven't seen the show, but it feels like it would ring incredibly false.
But in terms of the overall treatment in the media, I think it's great that more movies and TV shows are tackling it. It's kind of interesting—if you have anyone smoking pot in a movie it automatically, I think, knocks it up to maybe PG-13 [movie rating] and if there's a lot of it, even an R rating, even though chances are it is a legal activity in whatever place the film takes place.
But my biggest beef is that, like, AMC's The Walking Dead is like the most successful weekly television program on TV right now, or at least it was the last time I looked. And these people are living in the apocalypse, and they're going around scavenging, getting anything they can find, and then using it to survive. And no one has ever talked about or smoked marijuana on the show!
RB: That's a good point!
DB: That would be a great time for there to be a character that's like excited to be able to smoke all the weed or maybe upset that the zombies are keeping them from the weed.
RB: Or, what do you know, they find out that cannabinoids actually kill the walkers and they start shooting them with weed?
DB: Yeah, that would be great! Or, maybe it has the opposite effect for them; it makes them less hungry. They're not so hungry for flesh if they just smoke a little weed. That's kind of frustrating for me because I do love that show. It's been how many seasons, seven or eight seasons, and it doesn't even come up?
Part of the reason I'll bet it's never come up is because of the network and the show kind of considers itself family entertainment, even though it's got all this murder and mayhem every week, you know?
RB: Interesting that we can see the blood and viscera, but someone smoking a joint, oh, we want to keep the kids from that!
Now, just kind of fantasy question for you: Marvel Cinematic Universe or DC Universe, which is cooler and which character would you most like to smoke a joint with? Probably not The Flash, because he'd go through your shit way too fast…
DB: [Laughs] Yeah, and they don't stick around to share. You pass the joint and then he's gone. I'd have to say, uh, I'm the voice of Bane in The Lego Batman Movie, so that would definitely be my choice, to see if Bane could even smoke with that mask that he's got on theirs face.
RB: He'd have to have like a special adapter or something.
DB: Yeah, and also, would that mellow them out and make them not a bad guy anymore?
RB: We ought to see what weed does for The Hulk, maybe chill them out a little bit.
So, let's talk about your career. Last I saw on Comedy Central you were doing a show called The High Court. It's kind of amazing to me that we've come to an era now where people are actually smoking weed on TV and talking about it. Did that shock and surprise you and is there more of that coming?
DB: Well, I hope there's more coming. You know, after the initial run of The High Court, it became very clear that we're still not in a great place when it comes to genuinely consuming marijuana on television. Comedy Central had trouble securing big sponsors and big advertisers, the kinds they're accustomed to for all of their other shows, like South Park and The Daily Show and what have you.
That was one of a few reasons that they gave me for not picking up the show. And then I see other shows where—you know, there's a channel, VICE, and they're definitely fully immersed in the weed culture, it's a great network—but pretty much everywhere else that's advertiser-television, they may talk about smoking weed, but they're not showing it, and if they do, it's just pretend, you know, some sort of fake weed they smoke for the cameras.
So that's frustrating that we're still not there on that. But, at the same time, just the fact that I got a show like that on at all without too much pushback from the network—the main thing they were concerned about was safety, So, inside the soundstage where we shot the show, we came up with all of these ways to make it so that nobody that maybe didn't want to get high was anywhere near the weed whenever we'd smoke it. Then, they also had this complex ventilation system, so that even though it was a gigantic soundstage, people were worried that it would get hotboxed and people would get a contact high. [Laughs] They went to a lot of trouble to make sure that it was done safely. Then we also had a big long disclaimer at the top of the show that said, “Hey, what we're doing here is legal in this state, we're not breaking any state law.”
RB: I'm imagining the old Get Smart Cones of Silence coming down around you to keep your pot smoke in you.
DB: Well, that's the thing, you know, is I just wanted to fully commit to getting pot smoking on television, so I was very adamant, because occasionally it would come up, “hey, do we have to see the pot smoking, can we just imply that it happened or say that it happened?” I was just very clear that I wanted it to happen on television. That may have been, in terms of long-term employment, that may have been my biggest mistake, because if we had just said, “We're going to the deliberation room,” and then winked and left the room and came back, uh, I don't know, it could still be potentially a show on TV.
RB: Or play that pan-the-camera-around-the-circle like they did on That '70s Show…
DB: Yeah, they got away with that for the whole run of their show when it was clear what was going on. They even had Tommy Chong in the circle sometimes.
RB: You're out on tour, are you getting different reactions these days under legalization? Does the heckling change? Is there anything different for you as a comedian trying to work in the legalization world?
DB: Well, people will occasionally throw some marijuana up onto the stage. Which, you know, I can't complain about. I enjoy that part of it. I'd say the heckling might be some enthusiastic people who maybe come to my show more because they're excited about marijuana specifically more than me and my comedy.
The greatest thing that still exists is that if it is at all possible for me to step outside the club into some sort of alley or something after the show, because I still haven't encountered any comedy clubs that—legally they can't have weed smoking and alcohol at the same facility, pretty much in all the states that have legalized, that's part of the deal. And, unfortunately, comedy clubs make all their money from the selling alcohol part of it.
So, since there are no venues I can really smoke with the fans in, like I was saying, I step outside and pretty much every show I do there are some people out there and we have a nice little session.
Resisting the New World Order
Join this network
GA Senate Passes Bill Opposing Involuntary Microchips
gpb.org
GA Senate Passes Bill Opposing Involuntary Microchipsgpb.org
Updated: 3 hours ago
ATLANTA —A bill that prohibits microchips from being involuntarily implanted in humans overwhelmingly passed the State Senate today.The bill would outlaw placing sensors, transmitters or other micro devices under a persons skin without their consent.It is sponsored by Republican State Senator Chip Pearson."This is simply to try to get ahead and protect under our state constitution our rights as people first," Pearson said. "We implant cattle and dogs,and that's fine. I just don't think implanting someone against theirwill is something that should be allowed."Pearson said they are not aware of any microchips being involuntary implanted in people rightnow, so Democratic Senator Ronald Ramsey questioned the need for thebill."This body is being asked to pass a law on a subject that has no real or received threat at this time," said Ramsey.In the end, the bill passed the Senate 47-2 and now goes to the house.
Despite public support, it looks like recreational weed won't happen this year.
A bill that would legalize recreational marijuana in Connecticut seems fated to die in a judiciary committee due to lack of support from legislators.
"It's clear at this point that there isn't support on the committee for it,'' said state Rep. William Tong, co-chair of the committee. "It's not an open question. It's not ambiguous.'' Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy is opposed to recreational legalization, and support from a full two-thirds of the state General Assembly would be needed to override their veto.
A recent poll found that 63% of Connecticut residents support legalization. "I believe that Connecticut is ready for a rational, common-sense approach to the legalization and regulation of marijuana," said Senate President Pro Tem Martin Looney. "States across the country are reaping the financial benefits of marijuana regulation. With our neighbor Massachusetts poised to be the next state to implement a legalization plan, Connecticut is in danger of being left at a financial disadvantage."
Opponents of the bill are not convinced, however. “I wouldn't want to pass recreational marijuana in the state of Connecticut simply because of fiscal reasons,'' House Speaker Joe Aresimowicz said. "Our caucus is really split on it.”
Lawmakers have argued over the bill for 11 months, and requested two public hearings. The public health committee “didn't even have the votes to draft the language,” however, according to deputy House Republican Leader Vincent Candelora.
"There certainly was more people who felt more strongly about it this year than I've ever seen,'' House Republican Leader Themis Klarides said Wednesday. "But I don't think there was ever an appetite to actually do it this year.''
If you know this story:
Yes, maybe I am piling-on…but I promise it is with with my own, specific take (on two separate issues).
If you don't know this story because you don't care about football:
Don't worry, there's no football talk here…just social commentary.
Click the play button to listen:
Just in case the audio player is not visible on your device, don't fret. Click here.
This next video deals with Mike Pouncey. This is the player called out by the panel on the podcast who plays next to Incognito and should have done something about their behavior. They don't seem like someone we should expect too much from.
This next video shows the lead-up to the Incognito/Antonio Smith incident involving the helmet-swinging that I talk about in the podcast. I still don't think swinging a helmet at someone's face is a good idea, but it certainly wasn't out of thin air.
In my opinion, we as individuals are to blame whenever people are racist and we let them get away with it. This is the case in our personal lives AND in what we choose to support as consumers.
The Miami Dolphins deserve blame because they have tried repeatedly to suppress reports of Incognito's actions (racist and others) and have shown them that there are little to zero consequences for what they have done. With this ‘leadership' style, the Dolphins lost the chance to demonstrate the weight of those actions & the teaching opportunity to let them know that those actions will not be tolerated in today's society.
The NFL itself should also shoulder a lot of the blame here. Leading by example means not allowing the team from Washington to use the name ‘Redskins'. Can't we think of something better than naming teams after ethnicities? The NFL is running the risk of losing a generation or more of its prized fan base (and revenue stream).
Keep in mind during all of this that the NFL is considered a non-profit organization. Therefore, this $9 billion/year business pays zero income tax & receives hundreds of millions of dollars per stadium in public-funding…all while charging hyper-inflated prices & refusing to allow fans to see their home team play on television if the game doesn't sell out. The owner of the ‘Redskins' (that phrase sounds hideous), Daniel Snyder, has said that they will never change the name. Maybe since they make millions/year in profit because of the public they should consider listening to the public. Maybe they could pay for their own fucking stadium…or maybe they could at least pay some taxes like the rest of us.
Read about the NFL's tax-exempt status here.
Sign a petition to end that tax-exempt status here.
This topic extends to Major League Baseball as well:
Hey folks! I'd really like to make a living doing something I love (it would even make these shows a ton better & more frequent, in the process). It's really easy to help…
If you like what I'm doing:
1) You can donate through PayPal by using the ‘donate' button. It's on the homepage: (it's a bright yellow button on the right & down a little bit). [0 people have done this so far!!!]
2) Comment on and/or rate the show on iTunes. [7 people have done this so far!!!]
3) ‘Like' the portlandians facebook page! [83 people have done this so far!!!]
4) Tell your friends to listen: I've made it easy for you. You can use the ‘share' buttons for Facebook, Google+, Twitter, Reddit, etc… Go to the bottom of this post. If they're not visible, click here. They shall magically appear at the bottom of the post. (You can also tell your friends ‘face to face' like the old days…couldn't hurt, right?).
5) Also, you can buy my damn music: temperature & pressure–'geology'
6) …and get things like this from @portlandians1 on Twitter:
“US should return stolen land to Indian tribes, says United Nations
http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/may/04/us-stolen-land-indian-tribes-un?CMP=twt_gu “
…or this, from Dec 4, 2012:
“It's weird DC changed the name of the Bullets to the Wizards because it was ‘offensive'…but they STILL have a team called the ‘Redskins'.”
Thanks for listening and looking, everybody.
Tell people you love them.
I Luv you guys.
Take care…
